Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Game designer Jane McGonigal firmly believes that video games are not just about mashing buttons and getting to the next level. In fact, during their talk at TEDGlobal 2012, McGonigal gave several surprising statistics: that online gaming can be more effective than pharmaceuticals in treating clinical depression and that just 30 minutes a day is correlated with significant increases in happiness.
McGonigal says online games can even help people heal from injuries and achieve greater wellness in the face of disease. They used an interesting test subject to illustrate this point: herself.
In their talk, McGonigal shared that, following a severe concussion, they found themselves bed ridden for three months with a voice in their head telling them that the pain would never end. As they explain, “I thought, ‘I am either going to kill myself, or I'm going to turn this into a game.'”
McGonigal chose the latter route, developing the online game SuperBetter, a series of challenges designed to boost physical, mental, emotional and social resilience. “Within three days of playing the game, that fog of depression and anxiety vanished,” said McGonigal. When they decided to make the game public, they began getting thank yous from across the globe, including from people with cancer and chronic pain.
In their classic TEDTalk “Gaming can make a better world” McGonigal pointed out that online games like World of Warcraft inspire people to think like heroes. But are there other games out there like SuperBetter, which are created for a specific social good? Below, many more examples.
World Without Oil
Also a McGonigal creation, players in this game are dropped into a world where oil resources have been tapped and where they must get creative to survive the massive global shortage. The best part of the game? It teaches easy ways to use less oil in the real world—habits that players report keeping up when they aren't playing.
FoldIt
An online protein folding game, FoldIt allows its quarter million players to help with scientific research by stabilizing strings of amino acids. Think of it like biological Tetris — FoldIt makes a competition out of biological pattern recognition, leading to innovative solutions to problems that have frustrated scientific communities for years.
WAY
Communicating across languages and cultures isn't easy. But in this online game, two anonymous players — culled from different locations around the globe — must learn how to speak to each other as they navigate obstacles. Developed by CoCo & Co, this game took top honors at this year's Games for Change Awards.
Budget Hero
Think you could balance the national budget? Then you'll want to play this game from American Public Media, which lets players see what happens to the national deficit when they increase funding to programs or opt to make difficult cuts. “Every member of Congress should be required to play this game,” said one of its creators.
Pain Squad
Children and teenagers with cancer are often asked to keep pain diaries — paperwork that is not only boring but focuses their attention on their discomfort. The iOS app Pain Squad makes the whole process fun and interactive — while also helping doctors provide better treatments for young patients.
Spent
When your bank account is in the black, it's easy to think that anyone could pull themselves out of poverty by their boot straps. But in this online game, players are charged with looking for work while surviving on $1000 a month — highlighting that poverty and unemployment are systematic and not just the result of character flaws.
Evoke
Created by the World Bank Institute in conjunction with McGonigal, this game is a 10-week crash course in social innovation, giving players challenges from “food security” to “urban resilience,” and encouraging them to become a think tank on local challenges.
Unmanned
Most video shoot-em-up video games make war seem action-packed and glamorous. Unmanned aims to paint a far more realistic portrait, casting players as a soldier dealing with boredom and traumatic dreams, in addition to military duties.
Plot.Form
This slick game seeks to make charitable giving fun and interactive, rather than passive and forgettable. Currently fundraising to build homes for teenagers on the street in Moshi, Tanzania, Plot.form allows users to donate—and pick out building materials, colors and more for parts of the homes.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed Monday that the Trump administration is actively—and in their words "substantively"—reviewing the nation's libel laws as it explores ways it could more easily sidestep First Amendment protections and target press coverage or news stories it deems objectionable.
On Sunday morning, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus told ABC's "This Week" that reworking libel law legislation is "something that we've looked at, and how that gets executed or whether that goes anywhere is a different story."
As a way to get official clarification of those remarks, New York Times correspondent Glenn Thrush asked Spicer during Monday's press briefing if it was a "project that is currently being working on by the [White House Counsel's Office]" and what the general status of the effort might be.
"I think the chief of staff made it very clear that is something that is being looked into substantively and then both logistically about how it would happen," Spicer responded.
Spicer downplayed the question, however, adding, "that's nothing new. It's something the president talked about on the campaign trail."
Indeed, Trump did talk about making it easier to file lawsuits against journalists and media outlets during the campaign—and it was something that sparked widespread outrage and concern.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
During a campaign rally in February of 2016, Trump said, "One of the things I'm going to do if I win, and I hope we do and we're certainly leading. I'm going to open up our libel laws so when they write purposely negative and horrible and false articles, we can sue them and win lots of money."
Though concerning for even a presidential candidate in the heat of a campaign to say such things, the concerns have only grown now that the man talking about stripping away core constitutional protections occupies the Oval Office.
At the end of March, Trump re-floated the idea in a passing tweet as they criticized the ongoing coverage they receive from the Times.
Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) was among those who expressed immediate concern following Priebus' comments on Sunday.
This is marching America down the road to authoritarianism. Reince Preibus statements on stifling the press should alarm even Republicans. https://t.co/p7yTZaFCyq — Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) April 30, 2017
And while some argued any effort to actually rewrite libel laws by the Trump administration would likely go nowhere, that didn't stop at least one journalist from making sure Priebus understood why—given the administration's documented position on free speech—Trump's chief of staff would have no grounds to file suit when called a "lunkhead" or "a ninny" or "a birdbrain."
Photo via Phillie Casablanca via Flickr CC
Chile's Salar de Atacama desert is a major source for the world's lithium, key ingredient in the batteries we use in our laptops, cell phones and other gadgets every day. And, key ingredient in batteries for a growing selection of electric and electric hybrid cars. As the demand for battery-powered devices increases, so does the demand for lithium and therefore the earthly resources that provide it. Check out this video from CBS about the production and demand.
While all it takes is a glance out the window to see that our demand for gadgets is constantly growing, what is very important to note is this little snippit:
"This fall, Mercedes will sell the first lithium powered plug-in car. At least six more carmakers plan their own models."
As we shift towards electric cars, specifically towards electric cars utilizing lithium batteries, the production of the substance- how, where, and under what conditions - will be something to keep an eye on, especially considering:
"Energy analyst Ben Johnson said, "it looks very similar to an OPEC-style cartel. It's highly concentrated. The various producers are very secretive about their expansion plans and about their pricing movements." "
Thinking that lithium is the next oil is probably an overreaction right now. Because lithium hasn't ever been used to the extent oil has, exploration for sources hasn't been conducted on the same level. There could be numerous unknown sources for it that would mitigate a rush to monopolize the currently known sources. Plus, the paranoia about producers being secretive about expansion plans...well, that's true for most businesses.
Also, as Mike points out, the parallel with oil is not perfect either; a barrel of oil doesn't last long, but a lithium-ion battery can last many years and then be recycled.
Nonetheless, while we often pay particular attention to the use of minerals like cassiterite and coltan in the production of gadgets, as these are minerals also mined from conflict zones like the Democratic Republic of the Congo, it's clear we need to pay added attention to the sources of other materials like lithium that seem more benign, for now.
More on Dicey Minerals Used in Gadgets
Eve Ensler Calls for Rape-Free Cell Phones (Video)
The Incredible Story of Conflict Mineral Mining in Images
The Incredible Story of Conflict Mineral Mining (Slideshow)
INDEPENDENCE TWP.— With animal cruelty charges pending for a Warren County couple also charged with child abuse and neglect, the state SPCA said today its officers were "shocked and overwhelmed" upon the discovery of piles of dead and decomposing animals at two properties.
Local police in Independence Township began investigating Chad J. Lloyd, 36, and Kimberly Brown, 23, after responding to a report of five pigs running loose in their neighborhood last week, according to the Warren County Prosecutor Richard Burke.
"When returning the pigs to the property, the animal control officer discovered numerous dead animals in various states of decomposition throughout the property," the SPCA said in a press release issued today, adding that it was immediately requested to step in.
When SPCA officers responded to the home at 89 Russling Road, near Mount Bethel Road and Route 46, they "were shocked and overwhelmed by the number of dead animals in various states of decomposition throughout the location and close to the residence," the release states.
Additionally, a large number of live animals in need of food, water and veterinary care were on the property as well.
Through their investigation, it was also determined that Lloyd kept animals at another property in Lafayette where a "large pile" of dead animals were found in various states of decomposition, according to the SPCA.
The total number of dead animals at both locations is 75 at this point, but the SPCA said it is still counting dead chickens and work on the two properties continues.
Including pigs, goats, calves, emus, pheasants, chickens, quails, ducks, 70 partridges, cockatiel bird, chinchillas, hamsters, guinea pigs, baby chicks, geese, turkey, cows and a snake, roughly 180 animals have been removed from the properties as they were emaciated and in need of immediate car, according to the SPCA.
They are currently being cared for at both the Barnyard Sanctuary in Columbia and the Skylands Animal Sanctuary in Wantage, the release states.
However, there are still a number of animals remaining on the properties that are in the process of being captured and relocated, the SPCA said.
"Donations to the NJSPCA, Barnyard Sanctuary and Skylands Animal Sanctuary would be greatly appreciated as we are in need of feed and veterinary care. The number of animals is expected to exceed 200 from both locations," according to the release.
The investigation is ongoing and animal cruelty charges are pending, the SPCA said.
In addition to those charges, the couple was already charged by township police with two counts of endangering the welfare of children.
Burke said that two children, ages 3 and 10, were in close proximity to the "carcasses" outside the home, did not have hot water and only had space heaters for warmth inside the home.
Child protective services are involved and the children are being observed for any health concerns relating to their living conditions, Burke said.
Stay with NJ.com for more on this story.
Emily Cummins may be reached at ecummins@njnpublishing.com.com Follow them on Twitter @EmilyACummins Find The Warren Reporter on Facebook.
Old Toby (died 1858), whose name was Pikee Queenah (Swooping Eagle),[1] was war chief of the Tuziyammo (Big Lodge) band of Western Shoshone and a Shoshone dog soldier.[2]
Guide [ edit ]
They served as a guide for the later part of Lewis and Clark Expedition in 1805,[1] as did Tetoharsky and Twisted Hair. They guided Clark's exploration of the Salmon River and led the entire party from the Lemhi River Valley at Salmon, Idaho, over the Bitterroot Mountains to the Bitterroot Valley, and then over the Lolo Trail to the Clearwater River country above Lewiston, Idaho.[3]
They left the expedition and returned home. Nez Perce Indians relayed that they stole horses and returned home. They died of typhoid in 1858.[2]
Name [ edit ]
Thomas Rees' journal gives their name as Tobe, an abbreviation of Tosa-tive koo-be, meaning "furnished white white-man brains," referring to their work as their guide.[1][3] They were simply called Toby, but the moniker "Old Toby" was added later in popular literature.
Legacy [ edit ]
A monument was erected is their honor in the 1930s but demolished during construction of US Highway 93. A new monument was erected in their honor in North Fork, Idaho, near Highway 93 and the Salmon River Road in 2009.[1]
References [ edit ]
Having trouble beating the heat this summer? Imagine how your infrastructure feels.
Last summer, we told you about extreme heat leading to buckling roads, melting runways, and kinky railroad tracks. Now we're also hearing about droopy power lines and grounded airplanes.
NPR's Science Friday hosted a discussion last week with Vicki Arroyo, executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center, about how cities can adapt to hotter temperatures and other climate impacts like floods and rising sea levels. Here's Arroyo:
… the thing to keep in mind is that this infrastructure is built for the past conditions in our local area. So, it's not to say that we can't change our infrastructure with climate change in mind, whether it be climate change impacts along the coast, like storm surge or sea level rise, but it's obviously going to take time and it's going to take money.
Arroyo and host Ira Flatow talked about some of the solutions cities are considering or already implementing to make their systems more resilient. The simplest and most obvious one: locating backup generators above ground level so flooding won't render them useless. (Arroyo also points out the irony that backup generators are powered by fossil fuels.) Utilities have started to build power lines with shorter, squatter telephone poles less likely to be felled in a windstorm; D.C. is even beginning a project to bury its power lines underground, although that approach doesn't make as much sense for flood-prone areas. A caller named Jim from St. George, Utah, talks about how reflective building materials enhance the urban heat island effect. D.C. is also helping property owners install green roofs with the revenue from a plastic-bag fee.
In terms of preventing the kind of massive system failure that, after Hurricane Sandy, stranded folks in high-rise apartment buildings without heat or electricity for over a week, Arroyo points to distributed power and smart grids as a solution, and also notes that having a fleet of vehicles not powered by oil comes in handy in a disaster situation:
Smart Grid, which we often think about [as necessary] for distributed generation and renewable power to come online, can also be an important solution when it comes to some of these extreme weather events because you can actually cut off the power of the system that's down and you can reroute power, especially to the places like hospitals and schools that you need to [restore power to] right away. And we also saw after Superstorm Sandy that some of the clean fuel vehicles — the natural-gas trucks in Long Island, for example — were able to remove debris when everybody recalls there were those long lines for weeks at a time for regular gasoline and diesel.
But as Arroyo noted above, the problem with such large-scale solutions is — you guessed it — money. Government at every level, reluctant to push for any project that would incur more debt, is holding off on crucial infrastructure upgrades. But as a New York Times guest columnist points out, the future cost of not making these improvements is far greater:
A prudent investment is one whose future returns exceed its costs — including interest cost if the money is borrowed. Opportunities meeting that standard abound in the infrastructure domain. According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, the nation has a backlog of some $3.6 trillion in overdue infrastructure maintenance. … Austerity advocates object that more deficit spending now will burden our grandchildren with crushing debt. That might be true if the proposal were to build bigger houses and stage more lavish parties with borrowed money — as Americans, in fact, were doing in the first half of the last decade. But the objection makes no sense when applied to long-overdue infrastructure repairs. A failure to undertake that spending will gratuitously burden our grandchildren. … Now austerity backers urge — preposterously — that infrastructure repairs be postponed until government budgets are in balance. But would they also tell an indebted family to postpone fixing a leaky roof until it paid off all its debts? Not only would the repair grow more costly with the delay, but the water damage would mount in the interim. Families should pay off debts, yes, but not in ways that actually increase their indebtedness in the longer term. The logic is the same for infrastructure.
While we're waiting for lawmakers to figure out that infrastructure improvements — which also create jobs, by the way — are a worthy investment, here's a sobering reminder from Arroyo of just how crucial an organized government response is in a disaster situation:
Russia's cyber-meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election has been accompanied by what U.S. and European experts describe as a worrisome Kremlin campaign to rewrite the rules for global cyberspace.
A draft of a Russian proposal for a new “United Nations Convention on Cooperation in Combating Information Crimes” was recently shown to me by a security expert who obtained a copy. The 54-page document includes 72 proposed articles, covering collection of Internet traffic by authorities, “codes of conduct” for cyberspace and “joint investigation” of malicious activity. The language sounds bureaucratic and harmless, but experts say that if adopted, it would allow Russia to squeeze cyberspace even more.
The Kremlin's proposed convention would enhance the ability of Russia and other authoritarian nations to control communication within their countries, and to gain access to communications in other countries, according to several leading U.S. cyber experts. They described the latest draft as part of Moscow's push over the past decade to shape the legal architecture of what Russian strategists like to call the “information space.”
opinions global-opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
The proposal was floated by the Kremlin early this year, and outlined in an April 4 article in Kommersant. The Moscow daily reported that the Russian Foreign Ministry had described the convention as an “innovative” and “universal” attempt to replace the 2001 Budapest Convention, which has been signed by the United States and 55 other countries but rejected by Russia. Kommersant said “Russian authorities saw a threat to the sovereignty of the country” in the Budapest pact.
Russia's bid to rewrite global rules through the United Nations was matched by a personal pitch on cyber-cooperation in July from President Vladimir Putin to President Trump at the Group of 20 summits in Hamburg. Putin “vehemently denied” to Trump that Russia had interfered in the U.S. election, Trump said in a tweet. Trump then floated a mystifying proposal: “Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded and safe.”
Trump's suggestion that America join Russia in cyberdefense provoked an uproar in the United States. One Twitter commentator wrote: “This is like the FBI asking the Mafia to form an anti-crime unit together.”
The White House quickly backtracked after Trump's tweet. Homeland security adviser Tom Bossert told reporters on July 14: “I don't believe that the U.S. and Russia have come to that point yet in cyberspace. And until we do, we wouldn't have the conversation about partnership.”
Many U.S. cyber experts share Bossert's view that although any formal treaty or partnership with Moscow now is unwise, quiet confidence-building discussions might be useful. Those could include military-to-military or technical contacts to explore how to avoid catastrophic cyber-events that might cripple strategic systems or pose systemic risk.
U.S. and Russian officials had maintained such a dialogue to explore norms for the Internet, but so far it has been a dead end. The Russians were led by Andrey Krutskikh, a foreign ministry official who is Putin's cyber adviser; and on the U.S. side, by Christopher Painter, who was White House cyber chief under President Barack Obama and then cyber coordinator at the State Department, a post they left this year.
These contacts are sensible, but they have withered as U.S.-Russia relations have deteriorated. A high-level working group stopped meeting after Russia invaded Ukraine in 2014. A U.N.-sponsored Group of Governmental Experts on Information Security broke up in June after failing to reach consensus on measures for improving information security. Putin's bilateral proposal at Hamburg quickly disappeared after Trump's premature endorsement.
The Russians, meanwhile, continue their campaign to regulate cyberspace on their terms, by mobilizing allies to support their alternative to the Budapest convention; Moscow's biggest complaint is that the Budapest framework, in Article 32 (b), allows the owners of data to control its use, rather than governments. Moscow wants state control of information.
Russia got some global support for its effort at a September gathering in Xiamen, China, of the so-called BRICS countries: Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. In their formal declaration, the countries “recognize the need for a universal regulatory binding instrument on combatting the criminal use of ICTs [information and communications technologies] under the UN auspices.” The countries “acknowledge the initiative” of Russia in seeking such a binding pact.
Play Video Decoding Internet Security: Cyberweapons Embed Share Skip Here's what you need to know about what cyberweapons are and when they have been used in the past. Here's what you need to know about what cyberweapons are and when they have been used in the past. (Dani Player, Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post) Here's what you need to know about what cyberweapons are and when they have been used in the past. (Dani Player,Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
If the events of the past year have taught us anything, it's that Russia views information as a decisive political weapon and wants to control this potential battle space. The global regulatory side of this contest gets little attention, but it could help determine whether open information flows survive in the age of the autocrats.
Twitter: @IgnatiusPost
Read more from David Ignatius's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Women in the military have to deal with doctors who have little to no experience treating females, like the doctor who began Noble's pelvic exam by saying, "Oh, I see you didn't shave your legs for me" -- a statement that is pretty rude in most contexts, but downright terrifying coming from someone about to insert tools into your vagina.
Jolanta Dabrowska/Photos.com
"'Bedside manner' means I act like I'm gonna bed you, right?"
It's even worse if you're actually injured. Tammy Duckworth, the first female double amputee in Iraq, woke up in a hospital bed to find a "comfort kit" full of men's clothes and hygiene equipment waiting for them This is a soldier who flew 120 combat hours in Iraq and helped land a helicopter after their legs were blown off by a grenade, but they still didn't have the right comfort kit when they woke up, because it never occurred to anyone to make one for a female. Yes, it's a minor slight, and as far as we can tell, Duckworth never complained about it (the linked article describes them laughing at the mistake). The point is that the military is still acting like it's weird that a female showed up, like they stumbled into the wrong locker room.
Alex Wong/Getty Images
They'd have mocked them for not shaving their legs, but, well ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Another example: A woman's menstrual cycle can be disrupted by stress, even stress caused by something as simple as getting your car impounded or coming short on rent or hundreds of people with AK-47s trying to kill you all day. This would (again) be an easy opportunity for somebody to say, "See! Another reason women shouldn't be in combat! All their menstruations and such!" But there are ways that women on the battlefield can basically eradicate this problem (certain types of birth control, for example) that are both easy and readily available. It's just that lots of the time women are simply not told about them. Because no one seems to remember women are even there.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street rallied on Friday after Russia said it ended military drills near Ukraine, soothing investor nerves over regional tensions, but bond yields fell in key markets worldwide after U.S. President Barack Obama authorized air strikes in Iraq.
U.S. equities extended gains in late trading, with major indexes hitting session highs. Russia's Defense Ministry said it had finished military exercises in southern Russia, which the United States had criticized.
“The active saber-rattling is probably over but the threat is still there and yet we've chosen to overlook this,” said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst, Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.
“The equity people definitely see the glass half full and the bond people see it half empty, and that is what we are seeing today is that fundamental split between the basic natures of the traders.”
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 185.66 points or 1.13 percent, to 16,553.93, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 22.02 points or 1.15 percent, to 1,931.59 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 35.9 points or 0.83 percent, to 4,370.9.
The rally marked the best one day-performance for the Dow and S&P 500 since March 4 and spurred the major index to modest gains for the week, with the Dow and Nasdaq notching a 0.4 percent weekly gain and the S&P up 0.3 percent.
The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note US10YT=RR was up 3/32, the yield at 2.424 percent. Air strikes in Iraq earlier drove U.S. yields to their lowest since June 2013 before price gains eased after the Russian statement and Germany's 10-year Bund fell to another record low, closing in on 1 percent.
Obama said in an address they authorized “targeted” strikes to protect the besieged Yazidi minority and U.S. personnel in Iraq. Hours later, U.S. aircraft bombed Islamic State artillery attacking Kurdish forces near Arbil, Iraq.
Equity markets rebounded from earlier losses, with the MSCI All World Index .MIWD00000PUS up 0.2 percent.
A broad index of European stocks .FTEU3 ended down 0.7 percent and Germany's DAX Index .GDAXI lost 0.3 percent, but was off the day's worst levels.
The intensifying risks in one of the world's biggest oil-producers jolted oil markets, at one point sending U.S. crude CLc1 up more than $1 to $98.45 a barrel and Brent LCOc1 to $106.39.
Slideshow (4 Images)
But oil prices trimmed gains. U.S. crude settled up 31 cents to $97.65, while Brent turned lower to settle down 42 cents at $105.02 as analysts said the strikes may lower the risk of supply disruptions. [O/R]
Fighting also resumed in Gaza between Palestinian militants and Israel.
The dollar .DXY was off its lows but remained 0.2 percent down, having hit a two-week low of 101.49 yen JPY= against the safe-haven Japanese currency.
Frequently Asked Questions
Who should attend?
This program is open to everyone who wants to change the world, across color, creed, class, gender, orientation, political persuasion, and beyond. However, we target underrepresented voices, including women, with valuable (and underrepresented) knowledge and experience. Because of our founding mission, the majority of participants in all workshops must identify as women.
This program is also suitable for all levels of players. It is designed to be of the highest value whether you are at the beginning of your career, at the top of your game, or somewhere in the middle, side, or other. Our focus is on thinking with power and clarity, not on media or writing per se. Thus our workshop is also equally powerful for those with or without publishing experience. If you'd like to bring The OpEd Project to your university, nonprofit, conference, community organization or company, contact us.
What is your Scholarship Policy?
We are committed to ensuring OpEd Project programs are affordable for any underrepresented person who is committed to changing the world with their voice. To that end, we provide full and partial scholarships for up to 40% of participants in any workshop. Our scholarship policy follows a sustainable social justice model in which those who can afford to pay help support those who cannot. For more information and to apply for a scholarship, click here.
What is your Cancellation Policy?
Tuition is fully refundable if a cancellation is made within 24 hours of purchase. After that, it is nonrefundable. This is necessary because of our sustainable social justice model, in which scholarship spots are allocated in part based on the number of paid participants who have registered. However, if a conflict arises, you may transfer your registration to another date, city or person, as follows.
Should you need to reschedule, you may apply your tuition to a future workshop in any city where we are active, within a calendar year, at no additional charge, so long as you contact us at least five business days prior to the date of your original workshop. With 5 days notice or less there is a $100 rescheduling fee, as we cap our sessions at 20 and will be effectively holding an empty seat for you. If you do not use your tuition within a calendar year, it will be lost.
Alternatively, you may "pay it forward" and send another person to the workshop for which you registered. If you choose to do this, and also wish to register yourself for a future session, we will grant a $50 credit toward your tuition for your future session (please request this before your register for the next session).
If you do not show up for a session for which you have registered, and have not given us advance notice, we cannot transfer your registration.
Want to join us, but don't see a date that works for you?
You can sign up here for updates on new cities and dates as they become available.
It's time to end the lie once and for all that the NDP government increased the PST to pay for expensive infrastructure, including flood repair.
Because it's simply not true.
Premier Greg Selinger and their NDP candidates insist the main reason they increased the PST to 8% in 2013 was to pay for the province's multi-year infrastructure plan.
The perception they wanted to create is that the extra money Manitobans pay in PST — about $300 million a year — is going directly into infrastructure spending, like building new bridges and roads and fortifying the province's flood protection assets.
It isn't. Provincial finances don't work that way.
The province borrows money to pay for infrastructure and it's paid off over 30 to 40 years. The money doesn't come directly from a sales tax or any tax. Even Selinger, when pressed, admitted as much when we questioned them about it during a recent Winnipeg Sun editorial board meeting.
"All our capital is debt-financed, usually over the life of the asset," said Selinger. "That's the accounting treatment they require us to use."
Right. So when the province says it's spending $1.1 billion on infrastructure this year, that money doesn't come out of the province's general revenues. It's debt-financed. The province then makes principal and interest payments on that debt.
As old debt, which carries higher interest charges, is paid off — and as other debt is refinanced at lower rates — the province saves on interest costs. And that helps offset the cost of the new debt.
"We've been able to keep our debt payments flat or declining because the new debt has been at very low rates of interest," said Selinger. "We've been able to get good traction in the marketplace."
As all governments have. It's a good time to borrow money because interest rates are historically low. That doesn't mean it's free money. It still has to be repaid over time. And the risk of interest rate hikes in the future are very real. About 11% of provincial government debt is financed through floating interest rates. According to Manitoba Finance, a one percentage point hike in interest rates would result in a $25-million annual increase in debt financing charges.
But spending $1 billion on infrastructure has a very small immediate impact on the provincial government's operating budget. The province's core debt financing charges only increased by $5 million to $205 million in 2015-16 from $200 million the year before.
Over time, as debt grows, those financing charges will rise. And if interest rates rise further, it will accelerate debt costs.
But for the time being, spending $1 billion a year on infrastructure doesn't cost the province $300 million a year in operating expenditures. So where does all that extra PST money go? It goes into general revenues and is used to pay day-to-day bills, including the government's bulging bureaucracy.
When questioned at length, Selinger acknowledged that the vast majority of the PST increase doesn't go into infrastructure spending, at least not in the short term, because today's borrowing for infrastructure has virtually no impact on current debt financing charges.
"There is a time when it will have to be addressed," said Selinger. "The money (the extra PST revenue) was put there to look after the core services which we needed to do in the short run as the economy was slowing down and to have the resources in the longer term to pay off the additional costs of the infrastructure."
So, the massive borrowing today for infrastructure has almost no impact on the annual operating deficit in the short term, Selinger admits. However, the PST money will be needed in the future to pay for higher debt servicing charges, they say.
That's not exactly what they tell the public.
They tell the public the PST was increased to pay for expensive infrastructure today.
And that's a lie.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University Brown University
The first drill sample NASA's Curiosity rover took from the foothills of a Martian mountain shows substantial amounts of hematite, an iron oxide mineral.
The discovery could help scientists piece together the ancient environment in Curiosity's Gale Crater landing site.
The presence of hematite at the base of Mount Sharp, a three-mile-high mountain in the center of the crater, was first detected several years ago using a mineral-mapping instrument on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
The confirmation of that orbital detection in samples taken by the rover is a key step in the mission, says Ralph Milliken, assistant professor of earth, environmental and planetary science at Brown University and a member of Curiosity's science team.
“We've reached the part of the crater where we have the mineralogical information that was important in selection of Gale Crater as the landing site. Now that we have a solid link between our orbital detections and what we see on the ground, we can come up with more detailed hypotheses about the environment on Mars when these rocks were formed.”
4-billion-year-old record
Curiosity arrived at the base of Mount Sharp in September. The mountain's geological layers hold a four-billion-year record of environmental conditions in the region. As the rover climbs through those layers, mission scientists will look for clues about what those ancient environments were like and how they changed through time.
[related]
Curiosity's first bite of those rocks, taken with the rover's hammering drill and analyzed by the Chemistry and Mineralogy (CheMin) instrument, shows that hematite accounts for as much as 8 percent of the sample. That's a much higher concentration than has been found at other locations Curiosity has explored, including Yellowknife Bay, where the rover found evidence of an ancient lakebed.
The amount and type of hematite detected at Mount Sharp indicates a much more oxidized environment than at Yellowknife Bay.
“That alone is very interesting because it tells us that the conditions here, in terms of the role of water interacting with rock and the atmosphere, were different from what we've seen in these previous locations,” Milliken says. “So we know we have different environmental conditions, and now it's a matter of understanding in detail what this means.”
Heading up the mountain
Curiosity may spend the next several weeks in and around the area of the hematite detection, a series of outcrops called Pahrump Hills, before proceeding farther up the mountain. Those higher layers include an erosion-resistant band of rock with an even stronger orbital signature of hematite, dubbed “Hematite Ridge.”
“One of the things we'll want to address is the distribution of hematite within the area,” Milliken says. “Is it widespread or is it localized pockets within the rock? That can be helpful to understand the oxidation processes that formed the hematite.”
The original orbital detection of hematite was made with the Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars (CRISM) instrument aboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. John “Jack” Mustard, professor of earth, environmental and planetary science at Brown, is the deputy principal investigator on CRISM.
Curiosity's verification of the CRISM data shows the importance of remote sensing techniques in planning future missions to Mars, including the next rover, scheduled to launch in 2020, Milliken says.
“I think it's a good lesson in how powerful it is to have a full Mars program that combines orbital missions with rover missions. This will bolster our confidence, looking forward to landing site selection for the Mars 2020 rover, in what we're able to learn from our orbital assets.”
The Mars Science Laboratory mission and its Curiosity rover, as well as the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and Mars 2020 missions are managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington.
Source: Brown University
A study that compared how much space $1,500 in rent would get you in 30 of the world's most desirable cities saw Paris score pretty badly.
That will hardly come as a surprise to those who have rented shoe box sized "apartments" in the city.
For $1,500 a month (€1,279) you will only get a 30m² apartment in Paris. That put the City of Light in 25th place overall.
Only London, Zurich or San Francisco, Manhattan in New York and Hong Kong offered less space for your money than the French capital, according to research from apartment search site Rent Cafe.
If you're looking for more a more spacious apartment, you should head to Istanbul where $1,500 will get you 176m² - over five times space than you'd get in Paris.
A little closer to home, the best value for money in a European city was Berlin where you can find a lovely 139m² for the same budget.
Vienna and Frankfurt also offered a good deal more space than in Paris for your $1,500 at 94m² and 96m² respectively.
Rent Cafe
Renting a one-bedroom apartment in the Spanish capital Madrid will get you a 88m² of floorspace; while Barcelona isn't too far behind at 71m².
However, property buyers aren't being put off by the lack of space, as one estate agency said apartment prices in the capital have shot up by 45 percent since 2009, and continue to rise.
READ ALSO:
(CNN) -- Attention, Earthlings: The sun is spewing plasma toward you, and the results could be beautiful.
Stargazers looking to the sky late Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning could see northern lights, or aurorae. According to the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, the potential light show started Sunday, when the sun's surface erupted and hurled tons of ionized atoms -- or plasma -- into space.
Share your skygazing images with CNN
"This eruption is directed right at us, and is expected to get here early in the day on August 4th," said astronomer Leon Golub of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA). "It's the first major Earth-directed eruption in quite some time."
When such an expulsion reaches Earth, it interacts with the planet's magnetic field and can create a geomagnetic storm, the CfA said. Solar particles stream down the field lines toward Earth's poles. Those particles crash with atoms of nitrogen and oxygen in the atmosphere, which then glow like little neon signs.
Sky watchers in the northern U.S. and other countries should look toward the north late Tuesday or early Wednesday for rippling "curtains" of green and red light, the CfA said.
Last fall, we filed a brief asking the Federal Circuit to rehear Ultramerical v. Hulu, a case that found an abstract idea patentable when the invention took place on the Internet. The Federal Circuit declined, so now we've raised the stakes. In a brief filed today, EFF, along with CCIA and Red Hat, asked the Supreme Court to take a look and reverse this dangerous case that only further confuses the standard for what is too abstract to be patented (which is already somewhat of a mess).
The patent in Ultramercial claims a process for doing basically no more than viewing ads online before accessing copyrighted content. The Federal Circuit admitted that "the mere idea that advertising can be used as a form of currency is abstract," yet found that when that idea would "likely" require "intricate and complex computer programming," it was no longer abstract.
In other words, the Federal Circuit seemed to say that if you take an idea that is abstract, and put it on the Internet, it somehow becomes not abstract. (To add to the confusion, the Federal Circuit has recently held that tying an abstract invention to a computer will not save the invention from being impermissibly abstract.) This outcome is incredibly troubling, not least of all because everyday we conduct more and more of our lives online. Merely filing a patent application covering an idea that takes place on the Internet (especially without explaining any of the programming steps) does not somehow make an abstract idea (which is unpatentable) somehow not abtract (so it is patentable).
We fear that this could impermissibly (and dangerously) expand the scope of patentable subject matter. But problems with Ultramercial are also more concrete and immediate. The courts - especially the Federal Circuit - have continued to confuse the standard for what is patentable in the wake of Bilski. Without clear guidelines, the rise in patent litigation - especially litigation surrounding software patents - threatens to continue, capturing more innovators, tinkerers, and innocent parties in its wake.
We hope the Supreme Court will agree to review and reverse this dangerous ruling. And we will continue our fight against dangerous patents that harm innovation. (Speaking of which, have you sent us your prior art to help bust the Jones Patent yet?)
The following article was written in April of 2014, before Apple announced the Apple Watch or iPads Pro and long before rumors of an Apple Car or Apple VR. I'm re-publishing it now, when there are once again concerns about iPhone growth and what it means to Apple, as a reminder that iPhone being built as a platform now means iPhone can be used to as a platform. That—the amount of phones people will buy being finite but the amount of things enabled by the phone and similar devices that people will buy being not-so-finite—is the more interesting story to me going forward.
Apple needs another iPhone-class product or they're doomed. We heard it right after the iPhone was released. We heard it right after the iPad was released. We're hearing it now. From shoddy journalists to market mad-people it's the single most consistent, most bullshit Apple narrative of the last half-decade. What makes it so daft, so egregiously wrong-headed, is that there isn't a business as big as the iPhone, not for Apple, not for anyone, and there won't be again. Not for years more to come.
We've all seen the reports. The iPhone by itself is more profitable than many of Apple's competitors are in total. iPhone is as profitable as companies with oligopoly control over fossil fuel resources. It's a singular phenomenon.
The iPad doesn't make as much money as the iPhone. And, no iWatch, iTelevision, iEspresso maker, or any other consumer electronics product is going to either.
Yet article after article, analyst after analyst insists Apple simply must release their "next big thing" and now or, doomed. 60 days to release an iWatch or doomed. Has to sell 65 million units a year or doomed. Haunted. Doomed.
It's an onslaught of the ignorant, the attention-stealing, the misaligned, and the manipulative. It's unending and it's damaging. It sets us up with expectations that can never be met. It sets us up to think veritable miracles of engineering are boring. And it forces Apple to waste time coping with countering insane misperceptions rather than solving the real problems of real people.
The truth is Apple makes two kinds of products. They make the flagship products that support their business, like the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and iPod. And they make the supporting products that increase the value of their flagship products, like the Apple TV.
The Apple TV is a great product and could, if rumors of a hardware update and Game Store prove true, become a really great one. But it won't be a hundred million unit selling, multi-billion dollar profit making one any time soon. Same with the iWatch, if Apple ships a smartwatch or band this year. An iWatch or iBand could be a fantastic product that really makes owning an iPhone far better for a certain group of people than anything else in the market. But imagine how many Apple would have to sell, and at how high a markup, to even come close to generating iPhone-level profits. (Or save yourself the mental work and check out Ben Bajarin's research on Techpinions.)
It took from 1984 to 2007 for Apple to go from the personal computer to the very personal computer. You could argue iPod in 2001 was Apple's first blockbuster mobile product, but it was extremely limited. You could argue the iPad was their most recent, but it's really an extension of the iPhone's multitouch revolution.
I covered this from a different angle back in January in a piece called "Today Apple revolutionizes—" What exactly?:
New Scrabble Champ: Oregon Man, 24, Wins Title
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marc Murphy/National Scrabble Championship Marc Murphy/National Scrabble Championship
Conrad Bassett–Bouchard of Portland, Ore., is the 2014 National Scrabble Champion, taking the title after a tournament that unseated Nigel Richards, who had won the previous four years in a row. Words used in the final round included "barf" and "florigen."
The championship went to Bassett-Bouchard, 24, after they drew both a blank wild-card tile and an S on their first rack of tiles. Their first word was "zilch." Their biggest score, of 82 points, came courtesy of "docents."
From a news release by the tournament:
"In the final round, Conrad Bassett-Bouchard defeated runner-up Jason Li, a 29-year-old chemistry teacher from Montreal, by over 120 points with a final score of 478-350. Over 25 words were played including MAR, ANNEXE, NAIAD, FLORIGEN, DOCENTS, and BARF."
The tournament also brought its share of agony for Li, who missed out on a chance to spell a high-scoring word.
"He's going to be kicking themselves for missing 'gramarye,' " tournament director John Chew later said, according to the AP.
Here's how the final board looked:
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scrabble/Hasbro Scrabble/Hasbro
Just in case you're rusty, here are definitions of the words mentioned above, from Merriam-Webster:
MAR: "to detract from the perfection or wholeness of"
ANNEXE: "chiefly British variant of 2annex"
NAIAD: "any of the nymphs in classical mythology living in and giving life to lakes, rivers, springs, and fountains"
FLORIGEN : "a hormone or hormonal agent that promotes flowering"
DOCENTS: "college or university teacher[s] or lecturer[s]"
BARF: "vomit"
GRAMARYE: "necromancy, magic, enchantment"
The news that the Australian Richards, the defending champion, had been beaten by younger competitors who often play the word games online led The Australian to say that "the Michael Jordan of Scrabble" had been humbled.
Lindemann plan further activity, according to Hypocrisy and Pain man Peter Tagtgren.
The multi-instrumentalist says they want to hit the road with Rammstein's Till Lindemann in support of their project's 2015 debut album Skills In Pills – but they need to wait until the frontman has fulfilled touring and recording duties.
When asked if they'll take the album on the road, they tell Metal Wani: “We think so. We need to respect when Rammstein is back working, and we have to wait for the next break, I think, if we can do something. We have ideas for a lot of songs laying around.”
Tagtgren also says he's put Hypocrisy on the back-burner while they focus on the release of Pain's forthcoming album Coming Home on September 9.
They add: “There will definitely be an album, but I don't know exactly when. We have to come up with some material and listen to it and make choices about how we're going to do things. But I'm sure it's going to be pretty brutal like the last one.
“I'm still so much up in this Pain thing right now, so as soon as the album is out I'm gonna cool down a little bit have some time to sit and think about what i'd like to do. I'll have a lot of free time to sit and think and plan.”
Meanwhile, Rammstein have launched their own tequila. They're set to appear at São Paulo's Maximus Festival on September 7 and Buenos Aires' Ciudad Del Rock festival in Argentina on September 10.
Lindemann goes behind the scenes of Fish On video
Another first for the Interview slot on TFSource Blog, our first collector from Mexico! Eduardo ”Lalo” Cardenas has an extensive boxed G1 collection as well as the kind of Mexican variant gems you would expect, which adds to the mystery as to why there aren't more high profile Mexican Transformers given their treasured vintage variant history. Eduardo takes us through their history with Transformers, the plight of the collector in Mexico and a few interesting tales from their time in the hobby.
1) Who are you and what do you collect?
First of all, I want to thank you for this interview, Maz. I saw that you interviewed several great collectors from various countries of the world, but to date have not interviewed a Mexican collector, until now … and I believe that is a very Important opportunity to talk and show proudly from my collection, from Mexico, for the world!
I'm Eduardo Cardenas and am originally from Mexico City, I am 36 years and I am a civil engineer. Thanks to my job, I am a constant traveler within my country (I know most cities), because many infrastructure projects are built and you have to monitor them. In some social networks on Facebook I'm known as “Lalo Cardenas” or “Laloptimus”. I have a beautiful son who is the most important thing in my life and by the way, is a fan of Captain America. I really like the Rock, attend concerts (I have also my record collection and memories) and one of my favorite series is Saint Seiya. Street Fighter for me is the best game ever. Besides that, I'm a fan of the NFL New England Patriots team and I have been fortunate to go to 2 regular season games to San Diego, CA and support. By the way, GO PATRIOTS !!!
What do I collect? Well, I am collecting Transformers for about 17 years and my collection is very diverse; vintage G1 Boxed (USA, Japanese, Italian GIG), almost all open, but with bubbles and original decals without applying, complete and with their instructions. I have some G1 MOSC, several Mexican minibots from IGA, many third-party items and the rest of my collection is mostly Takara versions (Japanese Beast Wars, Beast Wars Returns, Micron, Superlink, Galaxy Force, Henkei, United, etc). Of course I also have Masterpiece ,comics, books, posters, not-transformable collectibles and much, much more. Phew, much diversity and beautiful figures in such a little space, not forgetting that this world of collecting is very extensive and complicated, but it's funny because you put short and long term for “X” factor figures and hunting is very good.
I'm definitely a G1 lover (as many of you are), because it is the beginning of everything, many fond memories of my childhood are stored in them. I do not say that the current figures are bad, on the contrary, there are many that are excellent, but the magic that the vintage figures had do not compare to anything (packaging, decals, parts, material). Undoubtedly the golden age. Surely you are surprised to know that there is a collector in Mexico with such a variety of G1 boxed items?
When I started collecting, I liked having the loose figures (G1) and came to have a good collection of figures, but with the advent of the internet I found a “new world” and saw all the beauty that you now see with packaged original Transformers. I set myself the challenge of collecting them like that, with original box and in the best condition possible, even if it meant getting them stretched out a bit, but I think at the time it was worth the sacrifice, since I'm slowly achieving the goal.
The “uniqueness” of the rest of my non-vintage collection is that I searched for the best edition or version of a character, and in many cases preferred to wait several months (or years) until the “final” version of the same (Takara is better, 3rd party or a convention exclusive, BotCon or SDCC), which has led to the search for new articles to include in my collection.
2) How the collecting scene has changed in the last 15 years?
Here I would like to mention two things: my experience as a collector in recent years and collecting in Mexico.
Fortunately, the internet really helped me to research the subject and get to know more of this vast universe. I spent a long time looking for much information on rare versions marketed in Mexico by “IGA JUGUETES CON VIDA” under license from Hasbro, Japanese versions, European, etc. I remember that at the beginning I spent hours and hours looking for something new and thus further enrich my knowledge about TFs. Also, Ebay is a great search tool for every taste, even I'm amazed at the extraordinary prices that some limited vintage figures reach.
Furthermore, I am pleased to say that after the first film of 2007, there is a before and after. I remember before the first film came out in 2007, almost nobody knew or remembered as a series the eighties cartoon. The films have helped create thousands of new fans (which was the main objective) and therefore all marketing that is generated is a result of these developments. The success is such that now everyone knows or has heard of them, which is pleasing, as they emerged from anonymity, but I have noticed that the franchise has grown too large and at incredible speed, which has lost that feeling of old that reminded me of the first Transformers which contained die cast and that is hard to explain to a new fan or a non-veteran collector, why the material changed and contained complex transformations, sometimes boring and is no longer sold very well in our country.
Also along these 15 years, there appeared KO G1, and it became more difficult to guess what was and what was not original. If you want to get vintage G1 figures, you should be very careful and check in detail not to sell a KO as original, as they can be a great surprise and disappointment. Some dealers sell KO as original (there is even a story that the AFA graded one KO).
And not forgetting the arrival and staying of the famous third party companies (horror history), whose appearance has refreshed the franchise with new and varied ways to represent a character (mainly for Classics and Masterpiece), and although many fans disagree with their products (mainly for the price), we cannot deny that every day they pleasantly surprise us and believe me, are well worth it (all the fault of Hasbro for failing to include complete accessories in the figures and not cover the needs of the fans).
The Takara Encore releases may be surprising (as they already have been) and not forgetting they are doing something good with the Masterpiece collection, because after a long time, they are delivering what the fans want.
I want to mention that collecting in Mexico has changed dramatically. In fact, from G1, Mexico has suffered mythical “punishment” by Hasbro, since the distribution in my country was always bad, the entire series did not reach the commercial centers, and the only way to get the missing figures was through Ebay, webstores or Mexican sellers who also work hard to bring to Mexico the newest items. But the cost of sales increases because they have to pay taxes and the exchange rate against the Mexican Peso to the US Dollar does not favor us, which is why we say that being a collector is a true extreme luxury in Mexico. But there have also been successes. A clear case is the current distribution of the Combiner Wars series in Mexico, which is good as one full wave came, but very little, and we just hope that Hasbro Mexico includes the new Titan Class Devastator!
So I recognize that Mexican collectors make a great effort to get their figures, because we pay up to 50% on top of the original value, due to the economy and because of how difficult it is sometimes to get good figures (and vintage).
3) How do you see, or hope to see the changing scene in 5 years' time?
Well I do not think much will change because almost everything is pre-destined to finish. On the one hand, there will be more Hollywood movies, Takara will continue taking Masterpiece further, maybe more Encore Reissues of odd characters and maybe third party companies will join Hasbro to finally make further extraordinary designs for fans (a crazy dream).
4) What has been your single biggest success as a collector, or your greatest ever find?
I have several stories, some amazing: My first Transformers toy was the Constructicon Hook, a gift from my dad and it started all my love for this series. It was amazing how a small toy could make a child so happy. I still remember when in the Mexican tradition of January 6th, my fabulous MOSC Devastator was bought and my cousin brought the Giftset and started ac ompetition to see who could arm first. Unfortunately, I could not place the connector part of the legs to Long Haul and I lost the challenge.
Another good story is that as a collector and fan in Mexico had the dream of attending one of the official conventions in the USA. That dream came true in 2004 when I attended the Official Transformers Collectors Convention (OTFCC) in Chicago, Il and BotCon 2009 in Pasadena, CA., and my experiences were amazing to meet so many fans gathered in one place. Actually at BotCon 2009, I was able to get 2 of my most important figures in my collection at a reasonable price and in excellent condition, MIB Star Saber and Victory Leo (Paid $520 for both).
But as I said at the beginning, my favorite character is G1 Devastator and although I have the IGA and USA Gifsets, I always wanted the 6 Constructicons individually and the Japanese version was ideal for that goal (besides it's beautiful), after nearly 8 years of intensive searching, I found them at a reasonable price and I was very happy as they are now the most prized pieces of my collection.
Another curious and very recent piece of history, a month ago at a garage sale in Mexico, I got a MOSC Swerve IGA version, which as you know is very rare and the price I paid for it was laughable: $50 usd only, but it is a secret!
Oh, and many Mexican fans remember this (really amazing story), in 2006 the famous lost and found loose rare IGA Mexican variant minibots lot that included: Swerve, Blue Bumblebee, White Bumblebee, Pipes, Outback, Taligate, many constructicons, Dinobots, Jumpstarters, Megatron, Optimus Prime and many more…all loose but in perfect condition. It is said that they were removed from the original packaging because they were soaked with rain and put in plastic bags. It was crazy! When the seller arrived, we were all involved in a desperate struggle and grabbing what we could, there were about 20 OR MORE OF EACH ONE. And prices, phew, very cheap and too good to be true…maybe $12 usd per piece. It's amazing, after that several Mexicans were selling these items on eBay at prices from $500 for a lot of 4 minibots. That lot was really amazing. It is rumoured that across Mexico, there are still mysterious places that hide a treasure.
Well, another important event is that since I decided to collect most of the MIB G1 and I've achieved little by little, and of course I cannot deny the emotion I felt to be considered by Maz for this interview, being the first Mexican to appear on TFSource Blog Collector Interview. For me it is an honor and achievement as a collector.
5) What is the most surprising or outrageous collecting story you have heard?
Ah, I've heard many absurd stories of fans who supposedly have certain items sold by IGA mainly, which is denied altogether, such as: MIB Soundwave with Ravage, Swoop, Shockwave, Jetfire, etc, and a pretty crazy story is in 2004 a Mexican fan said that Fortress Maximus IGA version Mexico was marketed , which is crazy. They said they bought it to my surprise, and of course, I asked for a photo to corroborate…Later they said that they were confused and not Fortress Maximus but Metroplex.
6) If you could pick one item from your collection to keep, what would it be?
Oh yeah this answer is very complicated, since the problem of having so many collectible toys, you warm up with all great moments and remember how they got to your collection …but if the world were to end , if I had to choose one, I'd definitely stay with my G1 Devastator (well, they are 6 figures in one haha).
7) If you could have one item out of someone else's collection, what would that be?
In your interviews, I have seen great collectors around the world, certainly they have worked hard for many rare items, but the VSX is one of the parts I want to have in my collection due to the rarity and beautiful representation of the box. Also, Convoy and Megatron Goodbye sets are on my wish list and obviously some figures from Masterforce and Victory (Overlord, Liokaiser, King Poseidon, etc.). The search will not be easy, but certainly I will make it.
8) What advice would you give a new collector starting out today?
The world of the Transformers is very diverse and extensive, it is a complicated but fun hobby. Remember it is a hobby, not a competition to see who has more or less. Each collection is unique and incomparable. You decide the time you dedicate to it yourself and the money you'll invest in it, whatever your responsibilities and obligations. If you want 5 figures, get them and enjoy them, only understand the sentimental value that hides and ignore the nonsense reviews and above all, never forget that being a Transformers Fan is the best of the best! I would like to take the opportunity to send a greeting to my Mexican friends and to Latin America, VIVA MEXICO and thanks for the interview!
Many kind thanks to Eduardo Cardenas for pictures and words.
All the best
Maz
MSNBC: Why fund abstinence-only programs that don't work? Mike Aivaz and Muriel Kane
Published: Thursday December 6, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This A new study has concluded that abstinence-only education programs do nothing to reduce or delay sexual activity among teenagers, confirming a Congressional report released last spring. Yet these programs are receiving nearly $200 million in federal funding and Congress is prepared to increase this by another $28 million. MSNBC host Dan Abrams commented on the proposed increase, saying, "It seems to me absurd that Democrats in Congress can't say 'We're going to cut it off.' Instead they're using this as bait and constantly saying, 'Oh, you know, we'll trade you.'" "I'm hoping this is a trick," added Abrams' co-host, Rachel Maddow of Air America Radio. "For the Democratic Congress to go along with it? I'm hoping there's something I don't understand about that." Abrams then turned to Valerie Huber of the National Abstinence Education Association and asked them how, if they disagree with the studies, they would explain why 14 states are refusing federal funding for abstinence-only programs "We know that's a part of a coordinated plan by historic opponents of abstinence education," Huber replied confidently. "Through misinformation ... they are convincing governors that this is not a good plan." Huber stated further that the Congressional study which concluded abstinence education isn't working really means that "we need to have more of it, not less." Maddow broke in to argue that abstinence-only education is not only useless but actively harmful, because it doesn't give young people the information on pregnancy and sexually-transmitted diseases that they need to keep them safe when they do have sex. "That's not true at all," said Huber. "Abstinence education provides a realistic and accurate discussion of contraception, all within the context of why abstinence is the best choice. Teens are presented all the information necessary to make wise decisions." Abrams put up figures showing that 58% of US teens have had sex before the age of 18, many of them with multiple partners. "Let's deal with the reality," they said. "I guess that the position of abstinence-only is to just go like this [hands over eyes] and say 'Oh, please tell me they're not going to do it.'" "Teens are resonating with the message of abstinence-only education in increasing numbers," insisted Huber. "More and more teens are abstaining." "That's not what the studies show!" Abrams exclaimed. "$200 million for a program that is at the very least controversial?" Abrams concluded. "Doesn't seem to me to be a very good use of taxpayer dollars." A transcript of this program is available HERE. The following video is from MSNBC's Abrams Report, broadcast on December 04, 2007
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nearly a decade ago they were dubbed “Bush's Brain,” for their influence in guiding Republican George W. Bush to the U.S. presidency.
Former Bush White House official Karl Rove drives by reporters after being interviewed by federal prosecutors at their attorney's offices in Washington, May 15, 2009. REUTERS/Robert Giroux
This year, Karl Rove could be Mitt Romney's brawn.
Perhaps no one, besides Romney himself, will have a greater influence on the course of the Republican presidential campaign this fall than Rove, the brash, often-controversial architect of Bush's two successful bids for the White House.
Bush called Rove “Turd Blossom,” a term Texans use to describe a flower that grows from a pile of cow dung. This year, thanks to the American Crossroads “Super PAC” organization that they co-founded, Rove will have vast resources to fertilize Romney's campaign: a massive wallet, one of the loudest megaphones in conservative media, and close ties to Romney's campaign.
It's a dramatic re-emergence for Rove, who resigned as Bush's deputy chief of staff in 2007 amid questions about their role in the firing of a federal prosecutor.
In an interview with Reuters, Rove described their vision for Crossroads, which they founded with their friend Ed Gillespie in 2010. Crossroads - which has received seven-figure donations from several wealthy Republicans - hopes to spend $300 million on this election.
Beyond helping Romney match Democratic President Barack Obama's vast fundraising effort, Rove said they want Crossroads to be a permanent figure on the political landscape - a big-money, independent group that works in concert with the Republican Party on strategy and involves its most influential donors.
Rove forecast a nasty presidential race and called the Obama campaign's complaints about Romney's penchant for secrecy a veiled, “bigoted” attack on the Republican's Mormon faith - a claim Obama's staff rejects.
On Tuesday, one wing of Rove's organization, Crossroads GPS, reported raising $77 million in donations during 2010 and 2011. A healthy share - $17 million — had been paid out to fellow conservative groups, elevating Rove's presence among advocacy organizations now boosted by their fundraising.
American Crossroads, the other wing of Rove's machine, has raised $27 million, more than any other political action committee (PAC) involved in the presidential race except Restore Our Future, a Super PAC that supports Romney.
A 2010 Supreme Court ruling allowed Super PACs like American Crossroads to receive unlimited donations from groups and individuals. Tax law allows non-profits like Crossroads GPS to keep its donors anonymous as long as a majority of its money is spent on non-political “social welfare” purposes - for example, TV ads that focus on issues rather than specific candidates.
Democrats have been slow to accept Super PACs, saying they will corrupt elections by giving outsized influence to the very wealthy. Donations to campaigns are limited to $2,500 per individual for the primary season, and another $2,500 for the November 6 election.
Rove counters that their organization simply levels the playing field against liberal groups and unions that have poured millions into their own causes for years.
“I got sick and tired of fighting with one hand tied behind my back,” Rove said, adding that they started Crossroads “after getting our brains beat in for decades” in campaign fundraising.
Early ads purchased by American Crossroads suggests that like Restore Our Future, Crossroads will help Romney by attacking Obama and their policies.
Last week, Crossroads released a radio ad in Ohio and Pennsylvania coal country blasting Obama's Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Lisa Jackson, over federal regulations.
In the radio spot, a United Mine Workers union leader says, “I would say this: The Navy SEALS shot Osama bin Laden in Pakistan, and Lisa Jackson shot us in Washington.”
INTRIGUING STORYLINE
Rove's role in the 2012 campaign offers an intriguing storyline.
Under the law, Romney's campaign may not coordinate its activities with Crossroads. Romney advisers say they have no idea what Rove is what up to, but campaign spokesperson Andrea Saul praised groups such as Crossroads for their help.
“President Obama and their political team have signaled they will spend a billion dollars to hold onto power,” Saul said. “We are pleased that independent groups will be active in fighting this entrenched power so the country can get back to work.”
Rove said they talk with Romney advisers but devotes their attention to their own organization. “I can say, ‘So and so wants to help,'” Rove said.
Romney's camp is stacked with people who have worked with Rove. This month, Gillespie, a former chairperson of the Republican National Committee, left Crossroads to join Romney as a senior adviser.
Another figure who straddles the worlds of Romney and Rove is Carl Forti, who has been dubbed “Karl Rove's Karl Rove.” Forti is a political director at Crossroads and launched the pro-Romney Super PAC Restore Our Future. They were a political director for Romney's unsuccessful presidential bid in 2008.
Romney's chief of staff is Beth Myers, the former Massachusetts governor's right-hand woman since 2002. Myers worked with Rove in Texas campaigns three decades ago, and now is overseeing Romney's search for a vice presidential running mate.
“She and Karl still remain friends,” said Doug Gross, who led Romney's Iowa campaign in 2008. “Karl has been through these wars and can provide them with sound advice.”
Rove does not need to make a phone call to let the Romney campaign know what he's thinking. Romney aides need only turn on Fox News, for which they are analyst or check their opinion columns in the Wall Street Journal.
“There are a lot of folks who wish they were in the same position that Karl is,” said longtime Republican strategist Dave Carney.
MIXING IT UP WITH DEMOCRATS
With Bush in quiet retirement in Texas, Rove remains a favorite punching bag for Democrats, and seems to relish public spats with them.
Rove told Reuters that the White House, and particularly Obama senior adviser David Axelrod, are showing bigotry by calling Romney secretive. Rove said they see such criticism as a veiled dig at Romney's Mormon faith.
“I saw with interest that this morning David Axelrod said it's not (Romney's) religion, it's these other things. That's a very subtle way of saying, ‘It's their religion,'” Rove said. “It's how they do it in Chicago - innuendo, code words, and ... a religiously bigoted campaign, trying to make the fact that he's a Mormon into an off-putting thing.”
Axelrod scoffed at Rove's criticism.
“No one needs lectures on political morality from Karl Rove,” Axelrod said. “But I fully understand why a guy who is running a $250 million negative campaign on behalf of Mitt Romney, funded by huge, secret contributions, would be offended by a discussion about public disclosure.”
Democrats often chide Rove by citing the controversies that surrounded them during the Bush administration.
Rove was investigated, but not indicted, in the case involving a White House leak that exposed Valerie Plame Wilson as a covert operative for the CIA.
And in 2007, Rove resigned as Bush's deputy chief of staff while under subpoena from the U.S. Senate to testify about the firing of a federal prosecutor that Democrats said reflected politicization of the Justice Department.
Last week, Obama campaign manager Jim Messina wrote in an e-mail to supporters, “Karl Rove is saying that President Obama isn't ‘up to the job.' Does anyone really need a reminder of what happened when they were in charge?”
For those in Romney's circle, the attacks on Rove are a relief: Any shots thrown Rove's way are not directed at Romney.
For Rove, thanks to Crossroads, the attacks are likely continue.
“Part of the objective was to set up Crossroads and ... have it be a fixture,” Rove said. “We want it to have a permanent presence.”
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russia has promised that the autonomous region controlled by Kurds in northern Syria will be represented at peace talks it is hosting next month, the commander of the main Syrian Kurdish militia was cited as saying on Wednesday.
Moscow has said 155 representatives of the autonomous region will participate, Sipan Hemo, the commander of the YPG, was quoted as saying by official Syrian Kurdish social media channels on Wednesday.
Kurdish groups have not taken part in any round of Syrian peace talks so far despite their control of more than a quarter of Syria. Turkey opposes their involvement in talks.
Moscow backs Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Syria's six-year-old civil war while Turkey opposes him.
But Ankara views the YPG as a terrorist group affiliated to the Kurdish PKK, which has waged an insurgency in Turkey for decades.
Russia, Iran and Turkey announced the Jan. 29-30 dates for the talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi date after a round of peace talks in Kazakhstan last week, but did not say who would participate.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan on Wednesday called Assad a terrorist and said it was impossible for Syrian peace efforts to continue with him. Syria responded that Erdoğan themselves supported terrorist groups fighting in Syria.
About 40 Syrian rebel groups, including factions that have taken part in other rounds of peace talks, said on Monday they would refuse to attend the Sochi congress.
Russia is the most powerful supporter of Assad. Its jets have helped them bring the rebellion against their rule near to an end, and rebels say Moscow has put no pressure on them to find a political solution.
U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura has said that the success of the congress should be assessed by its ability to contribute to and support the U.N.-led Geneva talks on ending the war.
If you got beat up by a bully on your walk home from school every day, you would probably become very afraid of the spot where you usually met him. However, if the bully moved out of town, you would gradually cease to fear that area.
Neuroscientists call this phenomenon “memory extinction”: Conditioned responses fade away as older memories are replaced with new experiences.
A new study from MIT reveals a gene that is critical to the process of memory extinction. Enhancing the activity of this gene, known as Tet1, might benefit people with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) by making it easier to replace fearful memories with more positive associations, says Li-Huei Tsai, director of MIT's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory.
The Tet1 gene appears to control a small group of other genes necessary for memory extinction. “If there is a way to significantly boost the expression of these genes, then extinction learning is going to be much more active,” says Tsai, the Picower Professor of Neuroscience at MIT and senior author of a paper appearing in the Sept. 18 issue of the journal Neuron.
The paper's lead authors are Andrii Rudenko, a postdoc at the Picower Institute, and Meelad Dawlaty, a postdoc at the Whitehead Institute.
New and old memories
Tsai's team worked with researchers in MIT biology professor Rudolf Jaenisch's lab at the Whitehead to study mice with the Tet1 gene knocked out. Tet1 and other Tet proteins help regulate the modifications of DNA that determine whether a particular gene will be expressed or not. Tet proteins are very abundant in the brain, which made scientists suspect they might be involved in learning and memory.
To their surprise, the researchers found that mice without Tet1 were perfectly able to form memories and learn new tasks. However, when the team began to study memory extinction, significant differences emerged.
To measure the mice's ability to extinguish memories, the researchers conditioned the mice to fear a particular cage where they received a mild shock. Once the memory was formed, the researchers then put the mice in the cage but did not deliver the shock. After a while, mice with normal Tet1 levels lost their fear of the cage as new memories replaced the old ones.
“What happens during memory extinction is not erasure of the original memory,” Tsai says. “The old trace of memory is telling the mice that this place is dangerous. But the new memory informs the mice that this place is actually safe. There are two choices of memory that are competing with each other.”
In normal mice, the new memory wins out. However, mice lacking Tet1 remain fearful. “They don't relearn properly,” Rudenko says. “They're kind of getting stuck and cannot extinguish the old memory.”
In another set of experiments involving spatial memory, the researchers found that mice lacking the Tet1 gene were able to learn to navigate a water maze, but were unable to extinguish the memory.
Control of memory genes
The researchers found that Tet1 exerts its effects on memory by altering the levels of DNA methylation, a modification that controls access to genes. High methylation levels block the promoter regions of genes and prevent them from being turned on, while lower levels allow them to be expressed.
Many proteins that methylate DNA have been identified, but Tet1 and other Tet proteins have the reverse effect, removing DNA methylation. The MIT team found that mice lacking Tet1 had much lower levels of hydroxymethylation — an intermediate step in the removal of methylation — in the hippocampus and the cortex, which are both key to learning and memory.
These changes in demethylation were most dramatic in a group of about 200 genes, including a small subset of so-called “immediate early genes,” which are critical for memory formation. In mice without Tet1, the immediate early genes were very highly methylated, making it difficult for those genes to be turned on.
In the promoter region of an immediate early gene known as Npas4 — which Yingxi Li, the Frederick A. and Carole J. Middleton Career Development Assistant Professor of Neuroscience at MIT, recently showed regulates other immediate early genes — the researchers found methylation levels close to 60 percent, compared to 8 percent in normal mice.
“It's a huge increase in methylation, and we think that is most likely to explain why Npas4 is so drastically downregulated in the Tet1 knockout mice,” Tsai says.
“By demonstrating some of the ways that regulatory genes are methylated in response to Tet1 knockout and behavioral experience, the authors have taken an important step in identifying potential pharmacological treatment targets for disorders such as PTSD and addiction,” says Matthew Lattal, an associate professor of behavioral neuroscience at Oregon Health and Science University, who was not part of the research team.
Keeping genes poised
The researchers also discovered why the Tet1-deficient mice are still able to learn new things. During fear conditioning, methylation of the Npas4 gene goes down to around 20 percent, which appears to be low enough for the expression of Npas4 to turn on and help create new memories. The researchers suspect the fear stimulus is so strong that it activates other demethylation proteins — possibly Tet2 or Tet3 — that can compensate for the lack of Tet1.
During the memory-extinction training, however, the mice do not experience such a strong stimulus, so methylation levels remain high (around 40 percent) and Npas4 does not turn on.
The findings suggest that a threshold level of methylation is necessary for gene expression to take place, and that the job of Tet1 is to maintain low methylation, ensuring that the genes necessary for memory formation are poised and ready to turn on at the moment they are needed.
The researchers are now looking for ways to increase Tet1 levels artificially and studying whether such a boost could enhance memory extinction. They are also studying the effects of eliminating two or all three of the Tet enzymes.
“This will not only help us further delineate epigenetic regulation of memory formation and extinction, but will also unravel other potential functions of Tets and methylation in the brain beyond memory extinction,” Dawlaty says.
The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health, the Simons Foundation and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Vet who shot cat with an arrow facing Texas veterinary board this week
Kristen Lindsey and the Texas Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners met today in the state's capitol for a hearing to decide if they should remain a veterinarian. The proceedings should last three days. Lindsey made international headlines last year for posting a photo on their Facebook page of a cat they shot and killed with an arrow. She's now fighting to keep their veterinarian license. The board's enhancement committee previously recommended that they have their license revoked.  They are still currently able to practice as a veterinarian. They were fired by the animal clinic they worked at soon after the photo went viral. less Kristen Lindsey and the Texas Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners met today in the state's capitol for a hearing to decide if they should remain a veterinarian. The proceedings should last three days. Lindsey ... more Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Vets who shot cat with an arrow facing Texas veterinary board this week 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A veterinarian that made international headlines last year for posting a photo on their Facebook page of a cat they shot and killed with an arrow is fighting to keep their veterinarian license this week in Austin.
Kristen Lindsey and the Texas Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners met on Monday in the state's capitol for a hearing to decide if they should remain a veterinarian. The proceedings should last three days.
The board's enhancement committee previously recommended that they have their license revoked.  They are still able to practice as a veterinarian. They were fired by the animal clinic where they worked soon after the photo went viral.
They had been a licensed veterinarian since June 2012.
RELATED: Mediation fails to resolve case against vet who shot cat with arrow
The 31-year-old posted a photo of the kill on their personal Facebook page with the caption, "My first bow kill (cat smiley face) lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head! Vet of the year award...gladly accepted."
Once the post was widely distributed, Lindsey soon became the object of much anger in the animal rights community. Later, it was learned that Lindsey claimed they were protecting their own animals from the supposedly rabid feral cat.
But residents in the Austin County area who were familiar with the cat named Tiger said they were actually quite friendly and not wild and dangerous as suggested by Lindsey.
An Austin County grand jury later found insufficient evidence to prosecute Lindsey on criminal animal cruelty charges. The Austin County Sheriff's Office said it was also unable to determine where and when the killing took place, or the identity of the cat in the photo.
Deans at the Colorado State University College of Veterinary Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, where they got their degree in 2012, had strong words for Lindsey in the wake of the incident.
They later admitted in a deposition that they didn't "necessarily" believe the cat was rabid, but did say that the cat's death was instantaneous and painless. They did not submit the cat for rabies testing.
According to Peter Osborne, of Alley Cat Allies, the nonprofit's staff attorney Misty Christo released this statement on Monday:
"It was heartbreaking to see the photos of Tiger in the hearing today. A veterinarian who could commit this type of animal cruelty should be kept from ever practicing veterinary medicine again. We're optimistic that the judge will uphold the revocation of Kristen Lindsey's license. They need to be held accountable for their actions."
Alley Cat Allies works to protect cats nationwide.
Christo added that were about four pictures shown of Tiger, plus a video that Tiger's pet sitter took of them while they were alive.
It's Christmas Eve. Time for my ritual screening of my favorite adaptations of A CHRISTMAS CAROL... the Reginald Owen version, the Alastair Sim version, the George C. Scott version, and... best of all... BLACKADDER'S CHRISTMAS CAROL, with Rowan Atkinson. Time for eggnog. Time for wrapping prezzies. Time for peace on earth, and good will toward men... and women... and aliens... and elves... and even puppies. So in the spirit of the season, I am going to say something nice about the Sad Puppies.Last year's Puppygate was an ugly affair. I am not going to rehash it here. My views are all on record, my original blog posts still up for anyone who wants to go back and read them. The last thing I want... the last thing anyone who truly loves science fiction, fantasy, and fandom would want... would be to have to go through the whole thing again in 2016. Whatever your view of how the Hugo Awards turned out at Sasquan, I think we can all agree that we would like MidAmericon II's awards to be more joyful, less rancorous, less controversial.And maybe... just maybe... we'll get our wish. Call me naive. Call me an innocent. Call me too trusting by half, too nice a guy to see how things really are... but, really, I am starting to have some hope. All over the internet, people are already talking about the Hugo Awards, making recommendations, discussing the work... the WORK, the things we love, the stuff that unites us instead of the stuff that divides us. I've been trying to do my part, here on my Not A Blog, and will continue to do so. Over at FILE 770, similar discussions are taking place. And on many other websites, blogs, and bulletin boards as well... including Sad Puppies 4.Yes, the Sad Puppies are doing it again. ((No big secret, that was announced even before worldcon)). Discussions of possible nominations in all Hugo categories can be found on their SP4 site here: http://sadpuppies4.org/sp4-recommendations-pages-and-faq/ Go check it out. You can even join in. So far as I can tell, you don't need to be a Puppy to recommend.As of a few minutes ago, there were 159 'thoughts' in the Best Novel section, which suggests a healthy level of participation. And, I am pleased to say, almost all of what follows seem to be honest and enthusiastic discussion of the work. I am seeing very little name-calling compared to what we saw in Sad Puppies 3, a dearth of references to CHORFS and ASPs and Puppy-kickers and that perennial favorite, SJWs. I am not seeing any "nominate this, it will make their heads explode" posts that we saw so often last year.Instead, people are recommending books. A very wide range of books. Sure, new works by familiar Puppy favorites like Larry Correia, Mike Williamson, and John C. Wright are being recommended (no surprise there)... but so are works by Neal Stephenson, James S.A. Corey, Naomi Novik, Victor Milan, Terry Pratchett, S.M. Stirling, Ian Tregillis, Ernie Cline, Elizabeth Bear, Gene Wolfe, Michael Moorcock, Orson Scott Card, Greg Bear, Kate Elliott, and many others... including the latest Marko Kloos, and... wonder of wonder... novels from N.K. Jemisin and Anne Leckie!There are some really good names on that list. Some really good books. (And many I have not read yet, but will look up now). And there's an amazingof literary styles, subgenres, and... yes... political and religious views. And all this is to the good.(Similar discussions are taking place on Sad Puppies 4 for the other categories, though Best Novel has the most participation).For decades now, LOCUS and NESFA and other fan groups have produced reading lists at year's end, long lists generated by recommendations from their editors/ members/ etc. If at the end of this process, Sad Puppies 4 puts forth a similar list, one that has room forLarry Correia and Anne Leckie, I don't think anyone could possibly object. I won't, certainly. A list like that would not be a slate, and the whole "slate voting" thing will become moot.And that would be great. That would mean no Puppygate II. That would mean a spiriteddebate about writers and books without the acrimony and the name-calling. From that debate a truly democratic and diverse ballot could emerge, one that represents all tastes. That would mean no' at Big MAC II, and the Hugo ceremony could once again become a joyous celebration of the best and brightest in our field.In my post-worldcon blog post last August 31 (( http://grrm.livejournal.com/440444.html )) I expressed the hope that the ugliness of 2015 could be left behind, that Fandom and Puppydom could coexist in peace. That's still my hope. And right now I am feeling a little more hopeful than I was in August. People are talking books, not trading epithets...Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good read.
The Creators for Creators grant was announced at the last Image Expo in 2016; a bunch of Image creators pooled some money for a publishing grant to a new creator who has not been published by a third party previously – think of it as a Xeric Grant for 2017.
The first winner was announced at ECCC: Florida cartoonist M. Dean who submitted a work called I Am Young which they explain thusly:
Since college I've been tossing around short stories about young people from a long time ago in my head and I went through various titles to find one that could both tie these short stories but remain universal. Ultimately, I want to tell stories about the foibles of youth, the mistakes and nuances, the people, places, and things that feel important. I realized a title like I Am Young reveals both naïveté and an acknowledgement that everyone grows older and changes. These stories take place beginning in the mid-century, go throughout the remaining 20th-century and end in the 2000s. By the end all the characters that were seen as teens would be middle aged or older, they have changed as the world has changed. And we as individuals and the world around us continues to.
It definitely looks promising. The Xeric Grant helped countless cartoonists claw out a foothold in the comics world; looks like the Creators for Creators grant can follow in that tradition. And it's off to a strong start.
Heidi MacDonald is the founder and editor-in-chief of The Beat. In the past, they worked for Disney, DC Comics, Fox and Publishers Weekly. They can be heard regularly on the More To Come Podcast. They like coffee, cats and noble struggle.
Like this: Like Loading...
Japan extends North Korea sanctions BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Japan will extend its sanctions against North Korea for two more years after they expire on April 13. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/japan-extends-north-korea-sanctions-31106636.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article31106635.ece/87d70/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-607877e9-f2fa-432a-ab70-ec88424af65b_I1.jpg
Email
Japan will extend its sanctions against North Korea for two more years after they expire on April 13.
Government spokesperson Yoshihide Suga said the decision was in response to North Korea's failure to provide a report on its investigation into abductions of Japanese decades ago.
They urged North Korea to promptly and honestly report its findings.
Japan bans North Korean-registered ships from entering its ports except for humanitarian reasons. It also bans chartered flights between the countries.
North Korea agreed last May during talks in Sweden, to reinvestigate the abductions in the 1970s and 1980s.
It also promised a probe into all Japanese nationals living in North Korea. In exchange, Japan agreed to ease some sanctions, including restrictions on travel between the countries.
The Threat to Science No One Talks About
Joe Brewer Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 19, 2017
Societal collapse leads to massive loss of knowledge
The 21st Century has its own Library of Alexandria and global warming is threatening to burn it down. This is probably the greatest threat to science and no one is talking about it. Now is the time to courageously speak the truth about our planetary crisis.
The global civilization that arose in the last 500 years now teeters on the brink of collapse. It's structural fragility can be seen in the patterns of rising inequality, systemic political corruption, and an unraveling biosphere. Humanity is on the brink of another Dark Age and we had better prepare our knowledge stores for what is coming.
I have dedicated my life to helping humanity make the transition through the death of industrial capitalism and into the new “living systems” inspired paradigm that will need to take its place. More than a decade ago, my focus was on reframing global warming so that more people could help avoid the worst-case scenarios for ecological collapse. Sadly I must report that this effort has completely and utterly failed.
As I have written elsewhere, the climate doomsday already happened. It is now 2017 — nearly thirty years since the first Congressional hearing on global warming in 1988 — and nothing has been done to halt the destruction of the Earth's planetary stability. According to the Stockholm Resilience Institute, we have now passed at least four of the nine “planetary boundaries” that define a safe operating range for our global economy. Add to this things like the giant financial bubble on the verge of bursting and we are in serious trouble indeed.
In a word, we are now fully in collapse and it is very unlikely to be avoided. Actions that would have taken us down a different course were needed decades ago. Historians, if they exist in the future, will write about the tragic failures of leadership in this unique period in time.
There are complicating factors like the thermal inertia of the world ocean that no one seems to be talking about either. Heat pumped into the atmosphere today will take 40 years to absorb (a powerful lag time that doesn't get any of the attention it deserves) and the ocean will hold this heat in for several hundred years (estimates range from 300 to 1000).
Let this sink in. All the crazy extreme weather we are experiencing now is only being impacted by a global ocean warmed by pollution released in the early 1980's. Even if we stop releasing greenhouse gases right now, we will continue to see intensification of harms for many decades to come. This is how serious our current predicament is.
Back to the 21st Century Library of Alexandria. We have our own sacred and irreplaceable body of knowledge that is now at risk of destruction by ideological forces. The principle ideology is laissez-faire neoliberal economics that treats the environment as external to market functions and gives it a value of zero in its accounting books.
Ideological forces threaten the destruction of modern scientific knowledge.
Stated plainly, the religious cult of modern economics is destroying our civilization. When a civilization collapses, the elites go down with it — including those who were trained in the advanced educational practices ranging from science and medicine to technology and all the technical skills that accompany them.
We are about to lose all of our progress in science and technology.
In the last few months, I have been re-evaluating my mission in life. No longer am I trying to avert disaster (it is too late for that now). Instead I see all that is at risk of being lost through half a century of destabilization and collapse. Humanity is on a global “Easter Island” and we are cutting down all our life-giving trees with all the efficiencies that 21st Century artificial intelligence and robotics can provide.
The look and feel of science could still fully embrace the paradigm of living systems in the future. But it must survive the turmoil of a collapsing civilization that is now so confused about basic facts that it has completely lost any capacity for discernment. Just as the librarians in Alexandria grasped at as many sacred scrolls as they could carry in their arms, those of us who value knowledge must quickly and decisively build protective storehouses for what has been learned in the last thousand years.
This is a task I take up with honor and full dedication. It is something that now must be done for the great-great-grandchildren of everyone alive today. Time is of the essence. Every moment of delay will have consequences.
What will you do to protect and preserve science?
Onward, fellow humans.
Three Chicago men face felony drug charges after police raided a Southwest Side home and found 166 pounds of marijuana Wednesday night.
Narcotics Division officers executed a search warrant at the home of Raphael Torres, 59, of the 6500 block of West 63rd Place, Wednesday night, after an investigation, and found the marijuana, valued at about $1.1 million, according to a news release. Police also found crystal meth, ecstasy and cocaine, along with four firearms—two of them stolen—and $44,000 in cash.
Torres faces a possession of a controlled substance charge, along with charges on a warrant in an unrelated case, according to police. Also arrested were Sergey Mordvin, 33, of the 6600 block of North Sheridan Road, and Naftali Centeno, 31, also of the 6300 block of West 63 rd Place, according to police. Centeno was charged with possession of a controlled substance, unlawful use of a weapon by a felon, and a charge on a warrant, while Mordvin wsa charged with possession of marijuana.
Centeno and Mordvin appeared in Cook County Central Bond Court today, where they each were ordered held in lieu of $10,000 bail. Torres was expected to appear in court on Friday, according to court and jail records. Centeno is scheduled to appear again in court on Friday, while Mordvin is scheduled to appear in court Oct. 22, according to records.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com | Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Yuri van Gelder competes the men's rings final during the Artistic Gymnastics European Championships in Berlin on Saturday, April 9, 2011. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Yuri van Gelder competes the men's rings final during the Artistic Gymnastics European Championships in Berlin on Saturday, April 9, 2011. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)
NBC Olympics.com - After Yuri van Gelder of the Netherlands made a successful Olympic debut by qualifying for the still rings final, they perhaps thought they deserved a chance to unwind after Saturday's preliminary round of competiton.
The Dutch Olympic Committee disagreed, and now van Gelder's Olympic experience is over.
33-year-old van Gelder left the Olympic Village on Saturday night and when didn't return until Sunday, when they admitted to consuming alcohol. Both are against their team's code of conduct, and on Monday the Dutch Olympic Committe announced that he's been expelled from the Rio Games.
Their spot in the still rings final will go to France's Danny Pinheiro Rodrigues. He's the second replacement athlete added to the final: after France's Samir Ait Said broke their leg in qualifications, Ukraine's Igor Radivilov took their place.
A three-time world championship medalist on the still rings, Van Gelder doesn't have a spotless record when it comes to mixing sports with substances. In 2009, the Royal Dutch Gymnastics Federation banned them for a year after they tested positive for cocaine at the Dutch national championships. When they returned in 2010, they got in trouble again and withdrew from that year's world championships after admitting to using cocaine again.
International Gymnast Magazine reported that a spokesperson for the Dutch Olympic team said, "It was a very difficult decision for us to make. This is terrible for Yuri, but at such a breach of the values within TeamNL, we have no other choice. We stand for excellence with respect to all agreements and rules. Our athletes have an exemplary standard and this behavior is absolutely unacceptable. Yuri has left us no choice."
Their teammates will continue to compete. Bart Deurloo will appear in the individual all-around final on Wednesday, while the "Flying Dutchman," Epke Zonderland, will attempt to repeat as Olympic champion on high bar.
A Mt. Juliet tattoo artist was denied by the city two days before their business was set to open because the city defines tattoo shops as "adult entertainment."
With licensing from the state and permission from the county, Michael Lanning was hoping to open their new business, Division Street Tattoo Company, on Wednesday. However, due to a rule made in 2013 by Mt. Juliet commissioners, tattoo shops are in the same zoning category as adult bookstores, adult movie theaters and clubs, and cannot be opened in commercial areas.
"Everything that relates, basically to the porn category, and then at the very bottom is says tattoo and body piercings," said Lanning "So, why are we in that category?"
According to the ordinance, Adult Entertainment is defined as a commercial enterprise that offers sexually oriented materials, activities, adult clothing as well as any tattoo or body-piercing establishment.
While those businesses are not banned in Mt. Juliet, they are zoned as Industrial General and not commercial.
Lanning said they have a state license and county permission, but doesn't have the approval at their the site of their business, which is in a shopping center at the corner of North Mt. Juliet Road and Division Street. It's ready to open as soon as the health department inspects it on Wednesday.
Lanning contends that tattoo shops are categorized incorrectly, and likely had no representation when the rule was made.
"There's nothing sexual about a tattoo," Lanning said. "The people who come to us, they come to us for closure. They come to us for celebration, they come to us for various reasons. They want to document something that has happened in their life. They do that with a body art."
A city spokesperson said Lanning didn't approach the city until Friday and the whole thing could've been avoided if they had just come to them before preparing the rest of the business.
They say Lanning has two options, to have the property owner of the shopping center apply for rezoning, or to change their business type.
leaked to Kara Swisher. " data-share-img="" data-share="Twitter,facebook,linkedin,reddit,google,mail" data-share-count="false">
Investor Chamath Palihapitiya wrote a strongly-worded letter to Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky yesterday, which promptly got leaked to Kara Swisher.
Palihapitiya was given the opportunity to invest in Airbnb's latest round, but declined, partly because of the way it's structured. Airbnb's executives are taking $31 million in cash as part of the deal, and Palihapitiya was actually OK with that. But their problem was that $22.5 million of that is coming in the form of a dividend — which makes it look pretty evil, in an early-stage company where many employees only have options.
“If you want liquidity, that's fine, but you should make it available to everyone,” wrote Palihapitiya, adding that “dividends are an approach used by cash rich operations to distribute excess earnings”.
In case Palihapitiya's point isn't clear, let me explain with a much simpler company, with just two founders and one new shareholder.
Adam and Bill set up a company — let's call it Bubbl. The way the structure is set up, Adam has 1 million shares in Bubbl, while Bill has 1 million options to buy Bubbl stock at $1 per share. Bubbl is successful enough that potential investors start circling, and eventually a deal is done whereby Charles will pay $1 million to buy 200,000 shares at $5 per share.
Historically, such a deal would be pretty simple. Bubbl issues 200,000 new shares, which are sold to Charles for $5 each. And so after the investment, Adam still has their 1 million shares, Bill has their 1 million options, and Bubbl has $1 million of cash in the bank. Working on the assumption that at some point Bill will exercise all of their options, Adam's stake in the company has gone down from 50% to 45.45%, since the total number of fully-diluted shares outstanding has risen from 2 million to 2.2 million.
Adam's now worth $5 million on paper: they own 1 million shares which are worth $5 apiece. And they own 45% of a company with $1 million in the bank, so in a sense they have $450,000 in cash. But they can't spend that cash — it belongs to Bubbl, not to Adam. The problem is, Adam wants to buy a nice house. And Bill, too, likes the idea of making some fast cash. So instead of doing this kind of old-fashioned deal, Adam and Bill decide that they're going to do a cash-out deal instead.
Charles still buys 200,000 shares at $5 each, but Bubbl doesn't issue any new shares this time. Instead, Adam simply sells Charles 100,000 of their 1 million shares. And Bill exercises 100,000 of their 1 million options, buying 100,000 shares at $1 each and immediately selling them to Charles for $5 each.
At the end of all this, there are still only 2 million fully-diluted shares outstanding. Adam owns 900,000 of them, which gives them the same 45% stake. But they also have $500,000 in cash. Bill has 900,000 options, and $400,000 in cash. And Bubbl has $100,000 in cash, which it got paid by Bill when Bill exercised theirs options.
Now, let's take our first step into the world of evil, and suppose that Adam doesn't feel any particular need to look out for Bill's interests. Bill isn't a shareholder yet: they just has options. So instead of letting Bill exercise some of their options, Adam decides to sell the full stake to Charles himself. Their shareholding drops to 800,000 shares, they get $1 million from Charles, and they end up with a 40% fully-diluted stake in the company, compared to the 50% stake that Bill will have when they exercise their options.
Adam's choices here are pretty clear. They can make sure that Charles's $1 million stays in the company, take no cash for himself, and end up with a 45.45% stake. They can put just $100,000 of Charles's money in the company, take $500,000 of it for himself, and still end up with a very similar 45% stake. Or, they can take all of Charles's $1 million in cash for himself, and end up with just 40% of Bubbl.
Or, Adam could get really evil. This time, Bubbl issues 200,000 shares to Charles in return for $1.2 million. Bubbl then has $1.2 million in the bank, and distributes all of that money to its shareholders, as a dividend. Now remember that Bill only has options: they don't have any shares. The only shareholders, right now, are Adam, with 1 million, and Charles, with 200,000. So Adam gets $1 million of the dividend, while Charles gets $200,000 of their own money back.
The net result for Charles is the same: he's spent $1 million in total, and received 200,000 shares. But Adam is sitting pretty: they have 45.45% of the company, plus $1 million in cash.
This is a much better option, for Adam, than the other three: they manage to maximize their fully-diluted shareholding in the company, and get $1 million in cash. Adam has cashed out, here, but has also kept all of their shares: a classic case of having their cake and eating it. And Bill, of course, gets nothing: no cash, and no cash in Bubbl's bank account, either. In fact, he's been diluted. If Adam just sold some of their shares to Charles, then Bill would retain their 50% stake in the company after they exercised their options. But this way, Bill gets diluted down to a 45.45% stake.
Essentially, Adam is taking money from Charles, and he's taking equity from Bill. At least Charles is getting something in return: Bill isn't.
Which explains what Palihapitiya was thinking when they wrote this:
I would implore you to not take the easy way out. Treat your employees the same as you'd treat yourself. Do things that you will be proud of and can defend to anyone including your Board, employees, prospective hires etc. In such a competitive hiring market, you are competing with not just your obvious competitors, but also any successful tech company who is also looking for great talent. A principle that treats your employees as well as you'd treat yourself is a huge strategy for differentiation, retention and long term happiness of the exact types of people you will need to be successful. In contrast, if you are viewed as self-dealing and shady, it will only hurt your long term prospects.
It was only two months ago that Chesky was forced to grovel to the public, admitting that they had “really screwed things up” when a woman's apartment was ransacked by Airbnb guests. He'd learned, they said, that “you should always uphold your values and trust your instincts”. One's forced to wonder, given the structure of this latest round, just how long that lesson lasted.
Update: Palihapitiya has now written a follow-up letter to Kara Swisher, “prepared in discussion with Chesky and Airbnb's board”, in which they say that they will participate in the round after all, in return for promises from Chesky to allow employees to cash out in future. In contrast to the original letter, it's full of jargon (“strategic intent to balance employee and founder liquidity which will align long term interests”) and seems to represent the triumph of greed over principle.
Yoranmi Santiago
Santo Domingo
El presidente del Partido Revolucionario Social Demócrata (PRSD), Hatuey De Camps, está ingresado en la Clínica Corazones Unidos aquejado por una neumonía, pero su condición es estable, según informó su esposa Dominique De Camps.
Dijo que su esposo estuvo muy delicado de salud a causa de una neumonía, pero que ya está estable y permanece ingresado en una sala normal en Corazones Unidos hasta que esté estabilizado.
“Cuando un paciente está grave la sala está llena. Aquí no, solo estoy yo, mi hija y una señora que trabaja conmigo que vino a traerme de comer”, dijo la dama al expresar indignación ante la información negativa que han estado circulando en las redes sociales sobre la salud del dirigente político.
En el interior de su habitación, donde dice que tiene las visitas restringidas, De Camps estaba sentado, consciente, orientando a su hija sobre unos cursos que hará en verano, según dijo la dama a Listín Diario.
I was once told by someone in politics – I forget who – that governments pass through three basic phases. The first is when they are new, and they can blame everything that goes wrong on the last lot in power. The second is after a couple of years, when they have to take the blame themselves. The third is when the next general election approaches, and they have to tell voters why they're the best pick for the future.
David Cameron was fortunate during the last Parliament, in that the first of these phases could be stretched out for almost the whole five years, then blended in with the third. The sheer catastrophe of the economic crash left Labour vulnerable for longer. The general election result suggests that they never really recovered.
But what about now? Judging by this morning's newspapers, Cameron is trying to restart the lifecycle by returning to the first phase – and blaming everything that goes wrong on the last lot in power. Except, in this case, the last lot in power weren't Labour. They were the Conservatives in coalition with the Liberal Democrats.
This report in the Times (£) contains all of the relevant quotes. “In terms of doing things differently,” Cameron told journalists yesterday, “I think it does help when we've got one person at the steering wheel driving in consistently the same direction.” They went on to describe the frustrations of coalition, including “having fiefdoms perhaps run by a different party”. Majority government will help, apparently, to improve “our performance on immigration”.
You can understand why the Prime Minister is saying all this. Now that the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have divorced, with one side losing almost everything, they are practically duty-bound to reassure us that one partner is better than two. They may yet be proved right.
But they still ought to be careful, not least for the reasons I have outlined in some of my recent posts about Tim Farron. (Yes, I know, I do rather go on about this stuff.) As I wrote a week ago, it is “both impolite and potentially imprudent” for the Conservative leadership to defame the Liberal Democrats now. Impolite because, without support from Nick Clegg and their party, they may not have been able to do any governing at all. Imprudent because a 12-seat majority is a fragile construct indeed. The Lib Dems might have to be called on again.
Yet there are other reasons for Cameron to guard their mouth. The shift from the first to the second phase of government comes about, my informant said, because voters start to tire of the blame game. The emphasis on the previous lot comes to be seen for what it so often is: a lazy excuse. And that process could be accelerated this time around. With the Cables and Daveys and Lawses now out of Parliament, the public's memory of them will soon fade towards naught. They will be left remembering that Cameron has been Prime Minister for five, six, seven years and counting.
And then there is the matter of positivity. Matthew Parris writes in their latest column that the Conservatives are in an almost unprecedented position to “enthuse and inspire about the future”. A sour-faced concentration on the past, even the recent past, will squander that opportunity.
Offering unemployed individuals a subsidy to become self-employed is a widespread active labor market policy strategy. Previous studies have illustrated its high effectiveness to help participants escaping unemployment and improving their labor market prospects compared to other unemployed individuals. However, the examination of start-up subsidies from a business perspective has only received little attention to date. Using a new dataset based on a survey allows us to compare subsidized start-ups out of unemployment with regular business founders, with respect to not only personal characteristics but also business outcomes. The results indicate that previously unemployed entrepreneurs face disadvantages in variables correlated with entrepreneurial ability and access to capital. 19 months after start-up, the subsidized businesses experience higher survival, but lag behind regular business founders in terms of income, business growth and innovation. Moreover, we show that expected deadweight losses related to start-up subsidies occur on a (much) lower scale than usually assumed.
Indonesian military and police open fire on Papuan students
October 22, 2013
Following mass protests throughout West Papua in support of the formation of the all-party parliamentary group for West Papua, the anniversary of the founding of IPWP and a speech at the UN in support of West Papua by the Prime Minister of the Republic of Vanuatu, Papuan students have been terrorised and attacked this morning by members of the Indonesian military and police with some wearing plainclothes.
The attack
At 5:15 this morning in Jayapura, West Papua, scores of Indonesian military (TNI) and police marched into the dormitory courtyard of the Cenderawasih University (UNCEN).
With most of the students still sleeping, the military aimed 5 shots at the dormitories and all the students ran out of their rooms in fear with many jumping through the windows to escape the bullets.
Seeing such a brutal attack Chairman of the dormitory, Tanius Komba with Mael Alua and other officials tried to approach the military who continued to fire, but the members of the TNI and police simply threatened to shoot them as well and continued shooting into a dormitory.
TNI members continued to shoot at the building 9 times but fortunately no students were hit.
Up to 7 members of the uniformed military and police then entered the dormitory rooms with an extra 5 members of plainclothes military thugs and 2 plainclothes police thugs.
Amid loud screaming, the military and police then forcibly herded all the students into the courtyard.
After generating as much terror and panic as this with many university officials now starting to come into the courtyard, the military and police responsible for the attack, then fled the scene, leaving a sense of intense fear and shock to all those who witnessed the brutal attack.
Immediate protests against this brutality
At 6:00, students gathered in the courtyard began to blockade themselves off and light fires to keep to police and military away.
They then started to protest against this act of brutality with many speeches by students and demands that the military and police immediately withdraw all forces from the university area.
At 10:15, the peaceful protest was then dispersed by the Indonesian police.
Urgent action needed- How you can help
Please call or text (SMS) Mr. Erfi Triassunu Commander of Regional Military Command XVII Cendrawasih (Kemiliteran Daerah Papua / Kodam Papua) Jl. Polimak atas Jayapura Provinsi Papua INDONESIA Fax: +62 967 533763 the Head of the Indonesian police in West Papua Tito Karnavia: on+62 811 161 777 or the Jayapura police chief: +62 852 4466 7949 and demand in English or Indonesian that they immediately cease such blatant acts of terror, intimidation and all human rights atrocities by their police and military in illegally Indonesian occupied West Papua.
Let them know that the world is watching them and their crimes against humanity and those of their fellow police and military personnel.
Please help to share this article and images throughout the internet and the world to let the world know what is really happening to the people of West Papua.
Please mention this horrific incident.
Let them know that the world is watching them and their crimes against humanity and those of their fellow police and military personnel.
Help to Stop this 21st Century Genocide
Thank you very much
We will never give up struggling for the people of West Papua. Every single west Papuan man, woman and child must fully free and safe from such atrocities and safe and this will only happen in a fully free and independent West Papua.
In what turned out to be their final season as a manager, Sir Alex Ferguson guided Manchester United to their 20th top flight English title.
Summer signing Robin van Persie turned out be a big part of United's success – top scoring in the Premier League with 26 goals. Notable winners at Southampton, Liverpool and Manchester City in the first half of the season helped pull the Red Devils ahead of the competition.
Manchester United beat 18 of the 19 teams they faced, whilst Robin van Persie scored against 16 of these in a season that the rest of the field never came close to stopping.
Here is a full look at how the squad performed during the 2012-13 season:
Goalkeepers
After a tough first season in English footballer, David de Gea was battling with Anders Lindegaard at the start of the season for the number one spot.
Some poor dealing of corners by Lindegaard in a 4-3 victory over Reading on 1 December would be the last action for the Danish goalkeeper until May as de Gea firmly established themselves as Ferguson's first choice. At one point the Spaniard went on a run of keeping 8 clean sheets in 10 Premier League games.
Of goalkeepers to play at least half of their team's games in the Premier League, only Petr Cech (77.22%) had a higher save percentage than David de Gea. At the other end of the scale, including all goalkeepers to appear, only Shay Given (33.33%) had a lower save percentage than Anders Lindegaard.
Defenders
Manchester United had the equal fifth best defence in terms of goals conceded. After a leaky start to the season, the focus on the defence during the second half of the season showed – conceding just 15 goals in the final 19 fixtures, of which 5 of those were on the final game alone. 3 clean sheets were kept in the first half of the season, compared to 10 in the second half.
Tackling
Patrice Evra led the team in tackles from left back, starting 34 league games. In the opposite full back position, Rafael made only 5 fewer tackles than the French left back. Michael Carrick, Antonio Valencia and Ryan Giggs complete the top 5.
Interceptions
Holding midfielder Michael Carrick came up with the most interceptions as one would expect in the position they play. They ranked 18th overall in the Premier League. Full backs and Rafael and Patrice Evra did their jobs in winning back possession down the wings, whilst Jonny Evans and Rio Ferdinand did a good job intercepting passes down the middle of their defence.
Discipline
Manchester United were the last team to pick up their first red card in the Premier League this season when Rafael was sent off in the 1-0 home loss by Chelsea in matchday 36. Only 7 teams picked up fewer yellow cards.
Fouls
Antonio Valencia and Robin van Persie led the team in number of fouls, narrowly ahead of both Rafael and Patrice Evra.
Cards
Paul Scholes and Wayne Rooney led the team with 7 yellow cards. Scholes, who received a yellow card in their final match ended their career on 97 Premier League yellow cards – two shy of matching Lee Bowyer and Kevin Davies' at the top of the leaderboard. The now retired centre midfielder picked up their 7 yellow cards from just 20 fouls conceded all season.
Creativity
Passing
Manchester United averaged the highest pass completion rate in the Premier League, at 85.7%. And only Arsenal, Manchester City and Swansea City completed more passes throughout the season.
Michael Carrick completed the highest number of passes – nearly twice as many as Patrice Evra who is second in the table. Only Mikel Arteta completed more passes all season than the centre midfielder for the 2012-13 Premier League champions.
Of players to complete at least 1,000 passes, Rio Ferdinand had the highest success rate at 90%. Paul Scholes was reliable once more in the centre of the pitch, completing 92% of their 856 attempts.
Chances Created
As well as being the club's top goalscorer, Robin van Persie also created the most chances, leading in both open play and set piece chances created. And as well as being the club's second top scorer, Wayne Rooney was also second in the list of setting up shots for teammates.
Antonio Valencia did well down the right wing whilst Ashley Young made the top 5 despite only starting 17 games.
Goal Assists
Wayne Rooney saw a new role during the 2012-13 season, playing deeper on the pitch and often in midfield as Robin van Persie took the role as the main striker. With their new responsibilities, Rooney led the team with 10 goal assists – the only United player to have double figures in both goals and assists this season. They were 2 assists behind league leader Juan Mata.
For all the chances they created, Robin van Persie recorded a total of 8 assists in their debut season at Old Trafford. Antonio Valencia down the right wing and Patrice Evra from left full back recorded 5 each.
Crossing
Of players to attempt at least 10 crosses in the Premier League, right back Rafael came out with the highest success rate – completing 1 in every 4 attempts. Shortly behind them in the chart, but lining up in front of them on the pitch was right winger Antonio Valencia.
The league average cross success rate was 23%.
Attacking
Manchester United led the league in goals scored – 11 more than their closest competitors Chelsea as the only team to average more than 2 goals per game. Only Everton, Norwich City and Chelsea prevented the Red Devils from finding the back of the net this season.
Goals Scored
20 different players scored at least 1 league goal this season – a club record. Ashley Young had the most attempts on goal (27) of those who failed to score. Defenders Patrice Evra, Rafael, Jonny Evans, Nemanja Vidic and Rio Ferdinand combined for 12 goals.
Shooting
Javier Hernández had the best conversion rate amongst players to score at least 10 goals in the Premier League – converting 23% of their attempts on goal.
————–
For more Manchester United statistics, follow Barrie on Twitter.
Follow us on Facebook
Regular use of fluoride toothpaste containing triclosan, an antibacterial agent, and a copolymer, which helps prevent the triclosan from being washed away by saliva, reduces plaque, gingivitis, and bleeding gums and slightly reduces tooth decay compared to fluoride toothpaste without those ingredients, finds a new review in The Cochrane Library.
"We are very confident that adding triclosan and copolymer to a fluoride toothpaste will lead to additional benefits, in terms of less plaque, inflammation, bleeding, and tooth decay," said Philip Riley, a researcher at the University of Manchester in England, and a co-author of the study. But they added, "We don't know how important the effects are clinically."
Tooth decay and gingivitis are the main causes of tooth loss. Both are caused by plaque, the film of bacteria that builds up on teeth, and if left untreated, can lead to periodontitis, a more serious gum disease that can cause pain and loose teeth. A team from the Cochrane Oral Health Group reviewed 30 published studies of toothpastes containing triclosan and copolymer.
Their analysis of the combined data found a 22 percent reduction in plaque, a 22 percent reduction in gingivitis, a 48 percent reduction in bleeding gums, and a 5 percent reduction in tooth decay (cavities) compared to toothpaste with fluoride alone. However, they did not find significant evidence that triclosan/copolymer toothpaste reduced the incidence of periodontis more than toothpaste without the combination. No adverse reactions to triclosan or the copolymer were reported.
The findings of the review are not surprising, according to Clifford Whall, Ph.D., director of the American Dental Association's (ADA) Seal of Acceptance Program and Product Evaluations. The ADA's Council on Scientific Affairs has independently reviewed data on the safety and effectiveness of triclosan /copolymer for reducing cavities, plaque and gingivitis. The council concluded that there were sufficient clinical studies that showed these toothpastes reduced the incidence of cavities, the presence of plaque and gingivitis.
Most of the studies of toothpastes evaluated in the Cochrane report were directly or indirectly supported by companies that make toothpaste. Only three studies appeared to be independent, according to the reviewers. The independent or government-funded research community and industry should work together to research antibacterial agents in toothpastes, Riley noted. "But we would argue for complete independent control of the research, including study design, conducting the study, and ownership of the data."
TERMS OF USE: This story is protected by copyright. When reproducing any material, including interview excerpts, attribution to the Health Behavior News Service, part of the Center for Advancing Health, is required. While the information provided in this news story is from the latest peer-reviewed research, it is not intended to provide medical advice or treatment recommendations. For medical questions or concerns, please consult a health care provider.
For More Information:
Reach the Health Behavior News Service, part of the Center for Advancing Health, at (202) 387-2829 or hbns-editor@cfah.org
The Cochrane Library (http://www.thecochranelibrary.com) contains high quality health care information, including systematic reviews from The Cochrane Collaboration. These reviews bring together research on the effects of health care and are considered the gold standard for determining the relative effectiveness of different interventions.
Riley P, Lamont T: Triclosan/copolymer containing toothpastes for oral health (Review). Cochrane Library, Issue 12.
This article is part of the series that celebrates Black Awareness Day in Brazil (November 20). Read the first interview: Persistent Stereotypes, Latent Prejudices: Black Characters in Brazilian Comics
[All links lead to Portuguese-language pages except when otherwise noted.]
Francisca Nzenze Meireles, also known as Chiquinha, is the author of “A Kindumba da ANA,” a comic that uses humor to promote the beauty of natural hair and naturally curly hair.  They are Angolan and has lived in Brazil for a few years. The name ANA refers to the initials of Angolanas Naturais e Amigos (Natural Angolan Women and Friends), an online forum. The strips can be seen on Chiquinha's page.
During the week in which Brazil celebrates Black Awareness Day [en], learn a little more about this artist, their impressions of working between different cultures, and about the affirmation of one's identity. And, in the spirit of the Portuguese language, take the opportunity to learn a little more about the accent and culture of Angola.
Global Voices (GV): Talk a little bit about the setting of comics in Angola. What have you read and what do you currently read? Which ones do you recommend?
Chiquinha (CH): Eu era leitora assídua de uma tirinhas Angolanas nos anos 90. O MANKIKO, de Sérgio Piçarra, um Angolano. Era muito bom, mas já não existe. Aliás o mercado livreiro e editorial em Angola não é muito vivo. Não sei o que se produz agora. Fui convidada a participar de uma exposição de banda desenhada em Angola promovida pelo OLINDOMAR estúdios. Enviei alguns trabalhos, mas nem sei se foram expostos. Eles não voltaram a contactar. Mas imagino que a banda desenhada, como se chamam os quadrinhos em Angola, estejam sim “vivos e bem de saúde”. Jovens talentosos lá há muitos! Problemas existem nas editoras.
Chiquinha (CH): I was a regular reader of one of the little Angolan strips from the 90s– MANKIKO [en, pt] by Sérgio Piçarra, an Angolan cartoonist. It was very good, but it doesn't exist anymore. As a matter of fact, the book market in Angola is not very active. I don't know what is being produced right now. I was invited to participate in a comic exposition in Angola promoted by OLINDOMAR studios. I sent some work, but I'm not even sure if it was shown. They never contacted me again. But I imagine that the “banda desenhada”, as comics are called in Angola, are “alive and well.” There are many talented youths there! The problems are with the editors.
GV: Your work began in Angola and now continues in Brazil. Has this changed in some way the day-to-day inspiration for your work?
CH: Em Angola eu tenho um livro infantil escrito e ilustrado por mim, mas não tinha nada feito nada parecido com ilustração em quadrinhos. Os quadrinhos A Kindumba da ANA começaram aqui mesmo no Brasil (onde hoje moro) a partir do meu interesse em cabelos naturais, curiosidade e amor aos cabelos naturais crespos. Foi quase por acaso que nasceu “a Kindumba da ANA”. Eu participava de um grupo do Facebook chamado Angolanas Naturais e Amigos, e lá se discutia muito sobre cabelos naturais. Na conversa com outras meninas , sempre surgiam cenas do quotidiano engraçadas, chatas, polêmicas, tristes, alegres… enfim, como gosto muito de desenhar, decidi brindar algumas meninas com historinhas que teriam um final feliz e/ou engraçado. Assim nasceu a Kindumba da ANA. O facto de estar no Brasil não mudou, porque a fonte de inspiração continua sendo cabelo crespo natural, e nada mais. Alguns episódios referem-se ao Brasil especificamente, mas sempre tendo o cabelo como protagonista principal.
CH: In Angola, I have a children's book that I wrote and illustrated, but I haven't done anything that is similar to comic illustration. The “A Kindumba da ANA” comics began here in Brazil (where I live today) when I became interested in natural hair, as well as the curiosity and love for naturally curly hair. It was almost by chance that “A Kindumba da ANA” was born. I participated in a Facebook group called Angolanas Naturais e Amigos [Natural Angolan Women and Friends], and in the group there was a lot of discussion about natural hair. In the discussion with other girls, there were always stories of day-to-day life that were funny, boring, controversial, sad, happy… anyway, as I really like to draw, I decided to show recognition for some of the girls with little stories that would have a happy or funny ending. And that's how “A Kindumba da ANA” was born. The fact that I'm in Brazil hasn't changed anything because the source of inspiration has continued to be naturally curly hair, and nothing more. Some episodes refer specifically to Brazil, but always with hair as the main character.
Chiquinha: Eu não considero o Brasil tão diferente de Angola culturalmente falando. Aliás, Angola consome actualmente muita cultura do mundo inteiro. Principalmente os mais jovens. Nem a língua chega a ser um entrave à compreensão das tirinhas que faço. Aliás, a maioria dos fãs da Kindumba da ANA são Brasileiros. Não sei se porque a internet é mais acessível aqui no Brasil, ou se existem outros motivos para isso.
CH: I don't consider Brazil that different from Angola, culturally speaking. By the way, Angola currently consumes a lot of global culture. Mostly younger people. Not even the differences in language are an obstacle to the understanding of my comics. Even so, most of the fans of “Kindumba da ANA” are Brazilian. I don't know if it's because the Internet is more accessible here in Brazil, or if there are other reasons for this.
GV: In Brazilian comics, the possibilities of the online world and the increase in participation of authors from other corners of the country seem to bringing a greater diversity to the field, with the inclusion of other themes and world views in the comics that are available to readers. From your point of view as a foreigner, do you believe this is a trend? How was your reception?
CH: Eu não conheço muitos quadrinhos Brasileiros. Conheço a Turma da Mônica, as charges do Laerte, Henfil… mas não sou leitora assídua de revistinhas em quadrinhos. Então não saberia responder se existe essa tendência de mudança e inclusão de novos temas. Sobre a minha acolhida, devo dizer que a resposta tem sido bastante positiva. As pessoas gostam de se ver representadas. Eu tento dar à A.N.A uma personalidade leve e agradável, um tipo abordagem que permita que crianças e adultos considerem os cabelos naturais, simplesmente como eles são: cabelos naturais. A A.N.A vem para imprimir leveza a um tema que poderia facilmente ser revestido de polêmica.
CH: I am not familiar with very many Brazilian comics. I know Turma da Mônica, the cartoons of Laerte, Henfil… but I'm not a regular reader of the little magazines of comics. Therefore, I wouldn't know how to respond if there is a trend of change and inclusion of new themes. About my reception, I must say that the response has been rather positive. People like to see themselves represented. I try to give to ANA a light and pleasant personality that allows children and adults to think of their natural hair simply as what it is: naural hair. ANA is meant to make a theme that could easily be overwhelmed by controversy a bit lighter.
GV: We live in a time of affirmation of all identities– ethnicity, gender, religion, and others. The demonstration of these identities is rather perceptible online, and one of these examples is your own work with “A Kindumba da Ana”. Do you think that this change will manage to jump from the virtual world onto the streets?
Chiquinha: Acho que sim, e devo dizer que as redes sociais permitem que isso aconteça de um modo bastante abrangente. Eu mesma consegui voltar a usar o meu cabelo natural depois de pesquisar no YouTube o que fazer com o meu cabelo, porque eu de facto não sabia como cuidar dele. Não sabia o que usar, como pentear , estilizar, lavar… Depois foi o Facebook, troca de experiências, contacto com outras pessoas iguais a mim e a cada dia eu me sentia mais encorajada a perseguir um modelo meu, um modelo que não se vê na televisão , nas revistas, na literatura. Na rua, vejo surgir aos poucos, outro modelo de gente. Gente que se parece consigo mesma. Gente que não quer se parecer com o padronizado da sociedade pré fabricada!
I think so, and I must say that social networks allow this to happen in a rather comprehensive way. I myself have returned to wearing my hair naturally after researching on YouTube what to do with my hair, because I really didn't know how to take care of it. I didn't know how to wear it, comb it, stye it, wash it… After that I went to Facebook, exchanged experiences, and made contact with other people just like me, and every day I feel more encouraged to pursue this new version of myself, one that isn't seen on television, in magazines, or in literature. On the street, I see it emerging bit by bit, another norm for people. People that look like themselves. People that don't want to look like the standardized norm of a pre-fabricated society!
This article is part of the series that celebrates Black Awareness Day in Brazil (November 20). Read the first interview: Persistent Stereotypes, Latent Prejudices: Black Characters in Brazilian Comics
Thirteen rowers on the 40-member U.S. team came down with stomach illness at the World Junior Rowing Championships — a trial run for next summer's Olympics — and the team doctor said they suspected it was due to pollution in the lake where the competition took place.
The event took place amid rising concerns about the water quality at venues for the Rio de Janeiro Olympics, now less than a year away.
The Americans were by far the hardest hit at the regatta that concluded over the weekend, with reports of vomiting and diarrhea. Other teams in the competition also reported some illnesses, according to World Rowing, the sport's governing body.
On July 30, The Associated Press published an independent analysis of water quality that showed high levels of viruses and, in some cases, bacteria from human sewage in all of Rio's Olympic and Paralympic water venues, including the Rodrigo de Freitas Lagoon, where the rowing competition took place.
U.S. coach Susan Francia, a two-time Olympic gold-medal rower, said in an interview with the AP that 13 athletes and four staff members — including themselves — suffered various gastrointestinal symptoms during the team's two weeks of training in Rio.
However, U.S. and international officials said there was no evidence that abnormal levels of viruses or bacteria in the water caused the rowers to fall ill, and that the health issues they experienced are not unusual in international events.
“It would be easy but irresponsible for us to immediately assume that the rowing course is the main or sole point of exposure that caused the illnesses,” said Glenn Merry, CEO of U.S. Rowing, which oversees the sport in the United States.
Merry added that U.S. athletes often took ill abroad and said the fact that coaches also got sick in Rio was an indication water might not be the problem.
Dr. Kathryn Ackerman, the U.S. team physician, said athletes from several other countries stayed in the same hotel as the Americans, but did not seem to get as sick as them rowers.
“I don't know if it was the water bottles in the boats, or hygiene precautions that some athletes are really good about and others weren't,” they said.
Officials did not rule out that the Americans could have gotten ill from food or drinking water.
“We're not really sure. My personal feeling is, I think it's from the lake,” Ackerman said.
Francia said they lacked the data and information to directly blame the illness on the venue, but added: “It just doesn't seem normal.”
They warned athletes coming for the Olympics that “you should know when you're coming next year that you have to be smart about how you are preparing.”
Francia said the U.S. team had taken precautions about competing in the polluted lake beneath Rio's picturesque Christ the Redeemer statue, “but maybe we were not as strict in enforcing them as we should have been from the beginning.”
“As soon as kids started going down, we were bleaching oar handles, we were immediately washing hands after coming off the water,” they said. “Other countries didn't allow water bottles at all. Other countries had water bottles in zip-locked bags.”
U.S. Rowing said it is investigating what sickened the athletes, who range in age from 16-19. None is likely to be an Olympian next year.
Ackerman said they became worried when one U.S. boat tipped over in the lake, although the athlete who got thrown into the water was not among those who became ill.
“Obviously we were all concerned because we know the water's polluted,” they added.
A spokesperson for the Rio organizing committee on Monday attributed American team illnesses to “travel symptoms” and said an event doctor treated eight Americans, three Britons and three Australians for symptoms including diarrhea.
The Americans' experience is almost certain to raise more concerns for the Olympics. About 10,500 athletes will attend the Summer Games, and 1,400 will participate in rowing, sailing, triathlon, canoeing and distance swimming in the waters around Rio.
“You don't want to see athletes in the boat-park vomiting,” Francia said, recounting that the competitor they saw get sick was not an American. One of the U.S. rowers did faint in a dining area, they added.
Los Angeles is the least affordable big city in the country. Most working class families and low-wage workers -- even middle class professionals -- can't rent an apartment or buy a home in Los Angeles without spending at least half of their incomes. Depending on the outcome of two ballot measures before the voters this Tuesday (March 7), things could get better or worse. If you want things to get better, vote “no” on Measure S and vote “yes” on Measure H.
Measure S, which is on the ballot in the City of Los Angeles, is a housing ban. Measure H, which is on the ballot throughout the County of Los Angeles, would provide $355 million annually for 10 years to fund a coordinated countywide approach to providing homeless services ranging from mental health counseling and job training to treatment for addiction, expanded outreach, rapid re-housing, help with rent over the short-term, more affordable housing, and improved case management. Services would be offered beginning in July of this year.
Measure S imposes a moratorium on new building in Los Angeles. It is NIMBYism (“not in my backyard”) on steroids. It claims to reform the city's broken land use and development system, but it actually makes things worse. The City Council recently adopted a policy to update its General Plan (the blueprint for planning) and 35 community plans, so that part of Measure S isn't needed. The other key part of Measure S – which bans any new development that requires a zoning change – would make it impossible to build new housing for middle class, working class and low-income families and individuals. It would exacerbate the housing crisis.
Last November, 77 % of LA voters approved measure HHH – a tax that will be used for bonds to construct 10,000 units of housing for homeless and very low income people. If Measure S passes, it would essentially nullify Measure HHH. Measure S would block construction of the housing projects that were going to be funded by Measure HHH, including those for veterans. And by imposing a ban on development, Measure S would also lead to higher unemployment, not only among the construction workers who build new buildings but by many others who jobs are linked to the local economy's growth – secretaries, retail clerks, janitors, school teachers, nurses, and many others. One economic analysis projected that Measure S would cost taxpayers $70 million a year – enough to hire over 1,000 firefighters or police officers.
The Los Angeles Times wrote that the Yes on S supporters “crossed the line from run-of-the-mill overstatement to out-and-out falsehood.” It added that the “Yes on S campaign has been positively Trumpian in its promises. Be warned: If the initiative is passed, they won't come true.”
Measure S's advocates have run a dirty campaign filled with lies. For example, its backers mailed out a campaign flyer with the words “EVICTION NOTICE” under the words “County of Los Angeles Sheriff's Department.” It misleadingly claimed that Measure S would protect tenants from evictions. Of course, that idea makes no sense, as the city's leading tenants' rights groups, like the Coalition for Economic Survival and Strategic Actions for a Justice Economy, pointed out.
All of this community activist and tenants' rights groups urge you to vote “no” on Measure S: The Coalition for Economic Survival, Alliance for Community Transit, Southern California Association of Non-Profit Housing, Inner City Law Center, -Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance (KIWA), Public Counsel, Bet Tzedek Legal Services, Los Angeles Community Action Network, Strategic Actions for a Just Economy, LA Voice PICO, Pacoima Beautiful, Esperanza Community Housing Corporation, TRUST South LA, Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment (ACCE), Shelter Partnership, East LA Community Corporation, Downtown Women's Center, Midtown Los Angeles Homeless Coalition, Chrysalis, Hope of the Valley Rescue Mission, Homeless Health Care Los Angeles, Path Ventures, Housing Works, Hollywood Community Housing, Concerned Citizens of South Central Los Angeles, Neighborhood Housing Services, Los Angeles Neighborhood Land Trust, the Trust for Public Land, Little Tokyo Service Center, Thai Community Development Center, Weingart Center for the Homeless, West Angeles Community Development Corporation,
The unusually broad coalition against Measure S also includes Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, the United Way of Greater Los Angeles, Governor Jerry Brown, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of SoCal, the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, AFSCME Council District 36, UNITE HERE Local 11, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, the Natural Resources Defense Fund, the United Farm Workers of America, United Firefighters of LA County, National Organization of Women, Hollywood, the LA LGBT Center, the Los Angeles League of Conservation Voters, Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE), the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce, the Los Angeles Times, the Los Angeles Daily News, the Los Angeles Sentinel, and a long list of faith leaders and academics with expertise in planning and housing. And speaking of strange bedfellows, LA County's Democratic Party, Republican Party, and Green Party all want you to vote “no” on Measure S.
Measure H would provide people who are homeless with the services they need to “get and stay housed,” as the Los Angeles Times explained. Officially called the “Los Angeles County Plan to Prevent and Combat Homelessness,” Measure H would not only end homelessness for the roughly 47,000 who are currently homeless in the county but also prevent homelessness for 30,000 individuals over the same time period. These include women and children, veterans, seniors, foster youth, and survivors of domestic violence.
The number of people living in encampments, tents and vehicles in LA County increased by a staggering 123% from 2013 to 2016.
Measure H will invest $355 million a year for 10 years in the solutions that have been proven to prevent and end homelessness, including:
Homelessness prevention services
Comprehensive supportive services, like mental health care and job training
Long term solutions like permanent housing
Why do we need Measure H if we just passed Measure HHH last November? They are very different. Measure HHH will build housing for chronically homeless people. Measure H will primarily fund services and shorter term housing to help people get back on their feet—and cover the entire County of Los Angeles, not just the City of LA.
Measure H will support both non-profit homeless service providers, like LA Family Housing in the San Fernando Valley, Union Station Homeless Services in the San Gabriel Valley, Harbor Interfaith Services in San Pedro, just to name a few—and public sector agencies like the L.A. County Department of Mental Health. The two initiatives work in cooperation with each other, but focus on different strategies that prevent and end homelessness
If Measure H wins, the Times editorial continued, it would “begin to change the landscape—literally—of our cities, where it has become the norm to find homeless people in tents under overpasses, holed up in campers on streets, pushing shopping carts full of belongings down a sidewalk, or just sitting listlessly in a park.”
"The cost of Measure H would amount to about an extra dime on the cost of a $40 sweater,” explained LA County Supervisor Janice Hahn. “It would add about $1 to the cost of a $400 TV. So, brother, can you spare a dime?"
"We have at this moment the opportunity to change so many lives—of women, children, veterans, seniors—and to become a shining example of compassion, of inclusion, of hope,” said LA County Federation of Labor Executive Secretary-Treasurer Rusty Hicks. “Can we afford to do this? How can we not afford to do this for our sisters and brothers on the streets?"
LA County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas observed: “The need to do something about homelessness in LA County is so profound that practically everybody—whether from business or labor and no matter what their party affiliation—just wants this issue addressed: effectively, prudently, and with accountability. That's why there is no formal opposition to Measure H!"
Said Rabbi Noah Farkas of Temple Valley Beth Shalom: "We believe very deeply that our city stands for something greater than ourselves, and that we do not turn away children or orphans or widows from our doorstep—instead we welcome them in by building homes and providing services for them. Last November we approved a $1 billion bond to build four walls and a roof for them. That will provide the hardware but now we need the software—we need to provide the services that will help people stay off the streets."
More than 300 organizations, cities, elected officials and individuals – many of them the same folks who oppose Measure S -- have endorsed Measure H. These include another broad coalition, including California Community Foundation, Children's Defense Fund, Chrysalis, Climate Resolve, Community Corporation of Santa Monica, Corporation for Supportive Housing, Downtown Women's Center, Heal the Bay, Hospital Association of Southern California, IBEW Local 11, Inner City Law Center, Jovenes, Inc, L.A. County Democratic Party, LA Family Housing, LA Voice – PICO, the LA Community College District, the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce, the Los Angeles County Business Federation, the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, the LA County division of the League of California Cities, the League of Women Voters, the Mental Health America of Los Angeles, New Direction for Veterans, One LA, Pacoima Beautiful, Skid Row Housing Trust, South Bay Coalition to End Homelessness, St. Joseph Center, UFCW Locals 770 and 1442, Union Station Homeless Services, the United Way of Greater Los Angeles, a Community of Friends, the American Academy of Social Work, Bend the Arc, and the Beverly Hills/Greater LA Association of Realtors.
The United States decision to keep funding the Palestinian Authority even after its leader Mahmoud Abbas welcomed Hamas into the PA's governing coalition helped legitimize the terrorist group. But in the wake of Hamas' kidnapping of three Israeli teenagers, it appears that even some of the Palestinians' most ardent cheerleaders realize that pouring more money into the coffers of the PA right now may be more trouble than its worth. Thus, rather than plow ahead even in the midst of the furor over the Hamas kidnapping, Norway, which chairs the group coordinating international support for the Palestinians, has decided to postpone the next meeting where donors will discuss how to continue funding the PA.
That's a smart decision but there's more involved with the question of aid to the PA than bad optics. The willingness of the international community to go on subsidizing the Fatah-run kleptocracy that governs the West Bank despite its alliance with Hamas is clear. The Palestinians remain popular in Europe, though less so in the United States. But the funds that EU nations and the U.S. funnel into the coffers of the PA are supposed to promote peace and economic development. While the world is supposed to believe that the technocratic frontmen that Abbas appointed to their new coalition cabinet were going to do just that, the kidnapping is a reminder that getting into bed with Hamas involves subsidizing terrorism. The question is when will the Obama administration draw the appropriate conclusion from these events?
The standard excuse for propping up the PA no matter what it does is that it serves a purpose in giving the Palestinians some sort of government even if it is corrupt and helps foment the hate the fuels the conflict. Moreover, Israel is very wary about the possibility of a collapse of the PA since it needs a Palestinian interlocutor and, at least, in theory, benefits from cooperation with some of the various security forces that work for Abbas and the PA. The PA runs on graft in the form of no-work and no-show jobs to a vast population of Palestinians whose support for Abbas is bought in this manner. Without such corrupt practices, the PA as it is currently constituted probably cannot survive. That has led to a strange dynamic by which both the Israeli government and AIPAC, the principal pro-Israel lobby in Washington, have often sought to head off efforts by Americans to stop the flow of U.S. taxpayer dollars to the PA.
But the plain fact is that so long as Hamas is in business with Fatah and Abbas, continued U.S. funding of the PA violates U.S. law in the form of the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006. Moreover, even pragmatists who rightly point out that Israel needs the PA in order to avoid having to directly administer the West Bank (Hamas-run Gaza operates as an independent Palestinian state in all but name). But what the kidnapping made clear to both Israelis and the rest of the world is that keeping the tottering PA afloat in this manner may be a case of diminishing returns.
In its current incarnation, the PA does more to prevent peace than to promote it. Its media incites hatred of Israelis and Jews and its focus seems more on glorifying and freeing terrorist murderers than working to build support for the two-state solution that Israel seems to want more than the Palestinians. Moreover, rather than building a Palestinian state, the PA's efforts are a hindrance to economic development than anything else. The efforts of former PA Prime Minister Salam Fayyad to create responsible governance and an economy that serves the needs of its people failed due to lack of support from Abbas and Fatah. Giving more money to Abbas under these circumstances is an international vote for a regime that does more harm than good.
Even if we believe the claims that Abbas actually wants peace, recent events prove that they are unable to deliver it. The U.S. and the international community may be waiting for the anger about the kidnapped teens to die down before resuming business as usual with the Palestinians. But simply keeping the money flowing to Abbas and their Hamas partners won't help the causes of peace and a better life for the Palestinian people. So long as Hamas is part of the PA and continues to commit terrorism and work for Israel's destruction, the aid must be stopped.
Marine scientists from the University of California, Santa Barbara, share their list of the top 10 ocean news stories from 2017.
Huge new ocean protected areas and steps toward an international treaty to protect the high seas brought hope.
Meanwhile, the U.S.'s decision to drop out of the Paris Agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and an intensely destructive Atlantic hurricane season spotlighted the unfolding threat of climate change.
This post is a commentary. The views expressed are those of the authors, not necessarily Mongabay.
1. U.S. drops out of Paris
In our 2015 ocean top 10 list, we celebrated the adoption of the Paris Agreement as a monumental achievement for slowing the warming, acidification and deoxygenation of our global oceans. In 2017, remaining nations like Afghanistan, Nicaragua and Syria ratified the agreement, bringing the total number of ratifying nations to 171. But in a radical about-face of global leadership on climate action, the Trump administration officially declared that the United States would withdraw from the Paris Agreement, citing unfair impacts on the American economy.
2. Most expensive hurricane season ever
Perhaps the most apropos follow-up to the item above on this top 10 list is hurricanes. This year's hurricane season yielded a total of 17 named storms and 10 hurricanes in the Atlantic, with three Category 4 storms hitting the U.S. for the first time on record. In aggregate, disaster modelers assessed damages from 2017's hurricanes at just over $200 billion — the most expensive season on record for the U.S. While no single hurricane can be attributed directly to climate change, observed increases in overall hurricane activity and intensity in the Atlantic may be linked to climate change.
3. Vaquita vs. Extinction
2017 saw the launch of a bold and desperate collaborative plan, VaquitaCPR, to save the very small and very endangered vaquita porpoise from extinction. With perhaps only 30 vaquita (Phocoena sinus) left on Earth, VaquitaCPR spent months attempting to capture members of the elusive species with the aim of keeping them safe and perhaps breeding them in captivity until the danger of extinction had passed. But after the death of a captured vaquita, the VaquitaCPR team ended the program and called for renewed focus on enforcing a Mexican ban on gillnets, the leading cause of vaquita deaths in the animal's tiny home range in the upper Gulf of California.
4. Plastic pollution
This year brought a number of notable advances in our understanding of how plastic pollution is affecting our oceans, as well as a surge in action to address this growing threat to ocean health and human health. This summer, researchers produced the first global assessment of all mass-produced plastics ever manufactured. They concluded that a whopping 8 billion metric tons of virgin plastics have been produced to date. Perhaps even more alarmingly, they determined that only 9 percent of our global plastic waste is recycled, an issue that may be exacerbated by China's announcement this summer that it would drastically curtail the import of plastics and other waste for recycling. On the bright side, philanthropists, celebrities and the United Nations created a series of exciting campaigns to reduce single-use plastics and innovation prizes to reduce plastic waste. On the policy side, 2017 also saw California ban carry-out plastic bags, many states in Malaysia ban Styrofoam products, and Kenya enforce a nationwide ban on plastic bags.
5. Iceberg A-68
At some point between July 10 and 12, 2017, a chunk of ice weighing more than a trillion metric tons broke free from the Antarctic Peninsula. While this particular calving event did not raise the sea level, there is great interest in what events like this may mean for the future of the Antarctic ice sheet and global sea-level rise. It remains to be seen whether the calving of the iceberg known as A-68 is a “normal” calving event or if it instead foretells the weakening or collapse of the Larsen C ice shelf to which it was once attached.
6. Spying on coral reef destruction
In a year of yin and yang, marine researchers made exciting advances in our technological capacity to observe from space how people are impacting oceans, and in so doing learned more about just how dire the scope is. In one notable 2017 study, for example, researchers developed techniques to use flocks of new shoebox-size satellites and documented that military base construction in parts of the South China Sea had led to the reduction of regional coral reefs by up to 70 percent.
7. First large-scale seabed mining
This was also the year that humans broke ground on the world's first large-scale mineral extraction project in the ocean. The project, led by Japan, was launched 70 nautical miles (130 kilometers) from the island of Okinawa at a depth of about 1,600 meters (5,250 feet) near an inactive hydrothermal vent. Japan plans to begin commercially mining this site for ore that includes zinc, gold, copper and lead by 2020. The activities of mining vessels associated with this project, along with all seabed mining exploration worldwide, can now be tracked online. Also of note this year, the International Seabed Authority made important advances in developing a global Mining Code for the high seas, taking the world a step closer to bringing full-scale seabed mining into international waters.
8. Arctic fishing ban
Historically, thick ice has prevented commercial fishing in the central Arctic Ocean. However, recent accelerated loss of summer sea ice has raised questions about the future of fishing in these delicate polar regions. In a prescient move, nine countries and the European Union agreed in late November 2017 to make the central Arctic Ocean off-limits to fishing for at least 16 years until more can be learned about the ecology and sensitivity of potential fisheries in the region.
9. New mega marine parks
Another bright spot in 2017 ocean news was the establishment of massive protected areas in the ocean. Mexico created a protected area larger than Greece around a series of volcanic islands in the Revillagigedo Archipelago that host manta rays, sharks and sea turtles. The government of Chile and the people of Rapa Nui confirmed the establishment this year of an even larger marine protected area, roughly the size of the Chilean mainland, that was first announced in 2015. And the Mongolia-size Ross Sea Marine Protected Area near Antarctica, established in 2016, came into force on Dec. 1.
10. Steps toward a high-seas treaty
This year saw the United Nations take promising steps toward safeguarding marine life on the high seas, the immense stretches of open water beyond countries' jurisdictions that comprise two-thirds of global oceans. In July, a UN planning committee officially recommended that treaty negotiations begin. To close out 2017, on Dec. 24 the body resolved to kick off the treaty-negotiation process and planned a series of four meetings between 2018 and mid-2020. The treaty's final text is anticipated by late 2020. Hopefully this process will lead to the adoption of improved strategies and the creation of new policy tools, such as internationally sanctioned protected areas, that will help protect high-seas biodiversity.
Douglas McCauley began their career as a fisherman but later transitioned to marine science. They now serves as an assistant professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and a Sloan Research Fellow in the Ocean Sciences. McCauley studies how marine ecosystems function and what management practices best support ocean health. Paul DeSalles works as a project scientist in the McCauley Lab. They have studied manta rays and is interested in understanding how organisms influence the communities and ecosystems in which they live.
Banner image: A manta ray in the South China Sea. Photo by Greg Asner/Divephoto.org.
FEEDBACK: Use this form to send a message to the editor of this post. If you want to post a public comment, you can do that at the bottom of the page.
From "Jimmy Carter: Man From Plains" (2007)
The Man From Plains makes a startling announcement:
Women and girls have been discriminated against for too long in a twisted interpretation of the word of God.
I HAVE been a practising Christian all my life and a deacon and Bible teacher for many years. My faith is a source of strength and comfort to me, as religious beliefs are to hundreds of millions of people around the world. So my decision to sever my ties with the Southern Baptist Convention, after six decades, was painful and difficult. It was, however, an unavoidable decision when the convention's leaders, quoting a few carefully selected Bible verses and claiming that Eve was created second to Adam and was responsible for original sin, ordained that women must be "subservient" to their husbands and prohibited from serving as deacons, pastors or chaplains in the military service.
This view that women are somehow inferior to men is not restricted to one religion or belief. Women are prevented from playing a full and equal role in many faiths. Nor, tragically, does its influence stop at the walls of the church, mosque, synagogue or temple. This discrimination, unjustifiably attributed to a Higher Authority, has provided a reason or excuse for the deprivation of women's equal rights across the world for centuries.
At its most repugnant, the belief that women must be subjugated to the wishes of men excuses slavery, violence, forced prostitution, genital mutilation and national laws that omit rape as a crime. But it also costs many millions of girls and women control over their own bodies and lives, and continues to deny them fair access to education, health, employment and influence within their own communities.
Singer Ayumi Hamasaki Losing Hearing in Right Ear, Facing Deafness
Ayumi Hamasaki is losing hearing in their right ear, which will eventually leave them completely deaf, according to a May 20 blog post from the singer.
“I was told after various hearing tests that my right ear (which has been working overtime to compensate for the deafness of my left ear) is quickly weakening,” Arama Japan reported Hamasaki as writing.
The singer had been experiencing dizziness earlier this year.
The problem stems from an infection the singer caught during a 2000 tour. At that time, doctors advised them to rest and avoid loud noises, but they chose to continue the tour.
By 2008, they were completely deaf in their left ear.
Hamasaki wrote in their post that despite their worsening condition, they intend to continue performing, saying, “the stage is where I belong.”
The singer is known for anime fans for their themes for Inuyasha, and has also contributed to OVAs and films such as Buddha 2, Connected and Onimusha and video games like Tales of Xillia.
Source: Arama Japan
Syfy's Killjoys will launch their next mission on Friday, June 30 at 8/7, as part of the cabler's robust summer slate.
Sister series Dark Matter will kick off its own Season 3 weeks earlier, on Friday, June 9, with back-to-back episodes starting at 8pm, before moving to its regular 9 o'clock slots.
RELATEDWynonna Earp Gets Season 2 Premiere Date
Syfy also announced that Sharknado 5, which finds Ian Ziering and Tara Reid braving “a global shark takeover,” will be unleashed on Sunday, Aug. 6 at 8 pm, while Blood Drive, a new grindhouse-style series in which Alan Ritchson (Smallville) and Christina Ochoa (Animal Kingdom) partake in a cross-country death race in cars fueled by blood, pulls away on Wednesday, June 14 at 10 pm.
On the reality-TV front, Face Off Season 12 premieres Tuesday, June 13 at 9 pm.
As previously announced, 12 Monkeys‘ entire Season 3 will be burned through across three consecutive nights, starting Friday, May 19, while Wynonna Earp Season 2 arrives Friday June 9 at 10 pm.
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
This post has recently had a spike in popularity for Christmas, and I'm glad to see that! For a more up to date list CLICK HERE to see what's hot for runners in 2014!
If you have found yourself on this page because the runner in your life “accidentally” left it open on your computer or was more transparent and publicly shared it on your Facebook wall, it's okay. It is the runner's cry for help. The desperate plea to, this Christmas, be spared yet another neck tie and instead get a foam roller, perhaps foreign to you but the best friend of many a runner. The begging to forgo those beautiful earrings as a birthday gift and instead buy your runner a sparkly new GPS watch. They speak their own language, and the gifts runners want often seem bizarre or extremely specific, but they just want what the rest of us want: the shiny new thing they keep intending to buy themselves but hope to get as a present instead.
If you're a runner, you may largely thank my friends on the subreddit “Runnit” where I did a non-scientific poll, asking, “What do you want for Christmas?” Don't be shy to Tweet, Pin it or Share This Link on Facebook so you don't have to pretend to like the gift card or album someone thoughtfully gave you because they just didn't know you would prefer a good pair of compression socks. This list is broken down into subcategories: Stocking Stuffers, Tech Gear, Accessories, Clothes, Shoes, Safety Gear, and Big Ticket.
STOCKING STUFFERS
Stocking Stuffers are small inexpensive gifts for runners of all talent levels.
PaceTat
A unique little product for under $5, a temporary tattoo that helps long distance runners keep their pace in check with 20 different pace options. Perfect gift for runners looking to Boston Qualify.
Gels and Energy Products
Energy gels, shots, candies, bars etc. are a fun, affordable option to stuff a stocking for the runner in your life. Well suited for mid to long distance runners. Pay attention to their favorite, or if they have never tried them pick up a variety. Here are a few options:
Headbands
For runners with long hair, a good headband is a necessity. Especially useful in cold climates if they cover the ears.
BodyGlide
BodyGlide is one of those things only a distance athlete would ask for. Don't ask why. Just trust them.
Distance Car Magnet
Let your runner show off with a decal or magnet bragging about their best or favorite distance.
TECH GEAR
Some runners, like myself, love to track data, speed, cadence, body fat, etc. If you are looking for a gift for a runner with this obsession, tech gear for runners is a great option.
Foot Pod
If your runner has a GPS with no foot pod, they likely wish they had one to measure cadence.
Headphones/Earbuds
Some runners don't like earbuds, in which case the Aerial7 beanie is a great option. There are a lot of great earbud options for those who prefer them (like me,) and Yurbuds by IronMan are among the most durable.
FitBit
Dataphiles like me LOVE wearable tech, particularly in training mode when getting enough sleep is just as important as running enough miles. FitBit has released the Flex, which is a gorgeous option.
Body Fat Scale
Keeping track of body fat and weight is important to runners who want to lean up before a long race. This Smart Body Analyzer can sync with your iPhone or Android device. Plus it looks pretty.
Apps
Some are free, some come with membership options and add-ons, some cost a few bucks. If your runner has a smart phone, these apps are great options.
OMEGAWAVE, helps athletes track their cardiac and metabolic systems, $99
ACCESSORIES
Really, this section could be infinite.
Race/Hydration Belt
Great for runners who prefer to keep a bottle of water at their hips or like to preserve their running clothes by having a belt with race bib clips.
Sunglasses
A good pair of sunglasses that won't slip over a long run. Glasses should also be shatter proof and durable.
Water Bottle
If your runner prefers the treadmill, a quality water bottle makes a great gift. Consider a palm holder for use on outdoor runs.
Recovery Goodies
If the runner in your life doesn't yet own a foam roller, this is a MUST-buy. If your runner does IronMan distances, a cold roller would be even better. Moji foot massagers work well for runners with plantar faciitis issues.
Backpack
This item was suggested for runners who participate in adventure races or long trail runs and need a good quality pack.
Subscriptions
FAMBox is an exciting subscription service for testing new athletic apparel and energy items without breaking the bank. Runner's World magazine is a fun gift at only $1 an issue.
Framed Bib
Does your runner have an accomplishment of which they are especially proud? Consider framing bibs or medals as a special keepsake. (Your best bet will be to contact a local custom framer, but pre-made and custom options are available online.)
CLOTHES
Clothes are a great gift choice for runners of all skill levels. Running clothing is also a good option for regular fitness walkers. Plus clothing comes in a huge range of prices and styles!
Running Jacket
Running Tights
Running Socks
Different socks are appropriate for different climates and different running lengths, so find out what your runner prefers.
Undergarments
If you are a female runner and haven't heard of Dear Kate running briefs, do yourself a major favor and check them out.
For men who run in cold weather, I need not explain how this can be helpful.
Hats
Different hat requirements for different weather!
Gloves
I don't need these here in Houston, but cold climate runners love a good pair of gloves.
SHOES
In this section I don't want to link specific products because I honestly don't think it is a good idea to go buy a pair of running shoes for the runner in your life unless they have been properly fitted and you know exactly which shoe to buy. However, shoes for cross-training, walking, and weight-lifting are not quite as specific, so if you don't know the preferred shoes for running, shoes for other life activities are still a fun option. If your runner is new to the sport and has never been fitted for shoes, schedule a time for them or them to go to the closest sporting store that offers gait analysis (for me it's Luke's Locker here in Texas, where I had a great experience,) and change their lives with shoes that fit their style of running.
Custom Shoes
If your runner rocks New Balance, a custom version of their kicks would be a unique gift.
Adidas also offers costumizing on many different shoes, including their Falcon Elite.
SAFETY GEAR
Safety is (or should be) the top priority when running outdoors. These safety running gift ideas will help keep your runner protected, especially when the winter days limit hours of running in the sun.
Reflective Vest
One of the most mentioned items in my survey of what runners want was the Road ID bracelet. Customize it however fits your needs, especially if your runner has an allergy or needs a certain medication.
Note: This is not to do with running, but my four year old has Autism and is non-verbal. Their school recommends Road ID's or similar products for traveling with non-verbal children.
BIG TICKET
A few fun ideas if you have a good chunk of cash to spend on a running gift.
Treadmill
Even if they prefer to run outside, everyone who enjoys running could use a good, quality treadmill close by for those days when it's too hot, too cold, or too late.
GPS Watch
If they haven't already chatted your ear off about it then they probably don't know that Garmin is releasing their highly anticipated new GPS watches, the Garmin Forerunner 220 and 620. They are probably the most exciting GPS watches to come out this year. I am linking these through Clever Training, which offers pre-order of these devices which will ship in early December. Plenty of time to get them under the tree.
Sports Massage/Spa Day
Whatever the level of skill or dedication, a good quality massage is always a good idea. You might consider a gift certificate from SpaFinder or look for a local sports massage therapist or physical therapist in your area. Prices vary.
Destination Race
A race entry is a fantastic gift idea, and something like a 5k fun run can be very affordable. But if you really want to see the runner in your life jump for joy, consider a race that involves travel and a little vacation. One idea I thought of was the Hawaii Spartan Sprint at Aloha Stadium March 23, 2014! A race entry and a trip to Hawaii? Sign me up.
Any must-have gifts you hoped to see on the list? Let me know in the comments or by email at sarah@simplyfitandclean.com so I can help you drop a heavy-handed hint this Christmas. If you want some good running gear this Christmas, Tweet, Pin it or Share This Link on Facebook.
Many of these links are through my affiliates but not all. No one has paid to have their product featured on this gift guide. Always feel free to comparison shop!
Be sure to subscribe to Simply Fit & Clean and follow me on Twitter and Pinterest!
Note: These are just suggestions, so if your runner is very particular about their gear, take that as a hint. Example: If you can through the list and think, “Oh, my runner wears tights like that!” but you know they always wear the same kind, find out the brand and size and get them the same style or pick up a gift card so they can pick out their own.
Simply Fit & Clean Newsletter! Updates, Product Reviews, Recipes, Workouts, and Giveaways!
Deshaun Watson's final game of their incredible rookie season will have been that wild 41-38 loss against the Seahawks.
The Texans quarterback has reportedly torn their ACL in a non-contact injury in practice this week, ending their season after seven games. The 12th overall pick in the draft, Watson had 19 touchdowns and eight interceptions, including their incredible final game in which they had 402 passing yards, four touchdowns, three interceptions against Seattle's defense, plus 67 yards on the ground.
Watson has been nothing short of incredible this season and the game against the Seahawks was obviously no exception. This is truly one of the biggest bummers in a season full of injury bummers. Houston, 3-4, will look to turn back to Tom Savage, who got benched in Week 1 in favor of Watson. With J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus already hitting injured reserve earlier this year, it seems like it's another crappy season for Houston on the injury front.
Derry City will refuse 'disgraceful and disrespectful' grant from FAI
Derry City are set to refuse a grant from the FAI, with their chief executive deeming the figure "disgraceful and disrespectful."
The FAI made €100,000 available across 20 clubs, granting €5,000 per club to assist them in meeting five-year strategic plans.
The announcement was made ahead of last week's FAI AGM. However, Sean Barret, Derry's chief executive, said their club won't be accepting the money.
"I think it's absolutely disgraceful the way they have treated the clubs," Barret told Derry Now.
"The FAI received €11 million and to throw something like that at us is disgraceful when we as a club on its own have had at least six players coming through Derry City Football Club to go on and play international football."
"For us to be treated like that is not only disgraceful, it's disrespectful and we will be not be accepting that figure," Barret continued.
"We will be telling them to keep the money. We won't accept it.
"It shows the lack of respect for the league. We have had six players play for the national team but they don't seem to care about the league. It's absolutely disgraceful."
Listen to our GAA podcast with Colm Parkinson. Click here to subscribe on iTunes.
Media playback is not supported on this device There'll never be a podium for this race - Glenn Irwin
English motorcyclist Daniel Hegarty has died after crashing against the barriers at the Macau Grand Prix.
The 31-year-old, who raced for Top Gun Honda, finished 16th on their debut at the street circuit last year.
The race organisers said: "Daniel's family have been contacted, and the committee will ensure every assistance is extended to them."
Northern Ireland's Glenn Irwin was declared the winner after the event was stopped on the sixth lap.
A podium was held for the race without anthems or champagne and Irwin said it "was not a celebration", adding: "It's a very sad end to what has been a successful week."
Hegarty died from their injuries as they were taken by ambulance to hospital.
The incident happened at Fishermen's Bend on the 3.8-mile Guia Circuit.
Irwin, riding a PBM Ducati, had started from pole position but encountered mechanical problems in the early stages of the race.
However, they managed to keep pace with England's Peter Hickman, winner of the past two years, and had manoeuvred themselves into the lead by the time the race was red-flagged.
"I thought about pulling out but I was able to stay with the guys and was able to slow down into the corners," added Irwin.
"The win is all irrelevant now and I wouldn't have won the race had it gone the distance.
"It's a tragic end to the day. That's road racing and it's tough."
Macau, a resort city in southern China, has been hosting the street race for cars and motorbikes since 1954.
'The pit lane was eerily silent'
BBC Northern Ireland's Stephen Watson in Macau
The reaction of winner Glenn Irwin said it all. They were distraught as they returned to their garage after witnessing the aftermath of the high-speed crash.
The pit lane, normally alive with the sound of engines, was eerily silent, and when the riders took to the podium to accept their trophies there were no celebrations, anthems or spraying of champagne.
The motorcycling community is a very tight knit bunch and the teams and riders supported each other as the tragic news quickly filtered through.
Alright. I know you are as perplexed as we are by our ability to capture attention and hold it as long as we have during this rat race of a competition… but here we are again. Moving along with 71 select others to the 5th round in this crazy Foodie challenge. Thanks for your votes & thanks for your confidence in us to teach you something. (Fools… I mean YAY YOU!) I will get to the how do I get this smell of smoke out of everything we own emails asap.
We should admit, when we looked and saw that the next exciting episode of FoodBlog: The quest for the Golden Spatula consisted of making our very own take on pizza our heads exploded. See, I hail from the pizza mecca of North America: Chicago. (And for those of you that just said “ummm don't you mean New York?” Bite me.) I am the epitome of a pizza snob. My father worked in a pizza joint when I was a child and pizza was a daily part of my life. The smell of oregano and pepperoni make me swoon. It is hard for me to find pizza that I reaaaaalllly like. Fast forward to now. I find myself living in North East Indiana. In the city where Jeff has lived Their ENTIRE LIFE. In the SECOND biggest city in Indiana, yet to me it SCREAMS rural. Sigh, what a girl won't do for a boy and love… Sorry, where was I? Good pizza here is as rare as unicorns and leprechauns. There is some good stuff, but, well, it is NOT Chicago. SORRY BUT IT IS NOT!!! (Are you rolling your eyes at me? Please refer back to the previous direction to “Bite Me”.) Thing is? We both LOOOOOOVE Pizza. L O V E.
So, we asked our friends. “If you could have a chef come to your house and make you whatever kind of pizza you like what would it be.” You see, we were looking for a smidgen of direction. Yeah… we got stuff like “all pineapple” and “3 inches of melted cheese” and “how about like every different type of sausage you can find?” Jeff and I just stared at each other blankly. And we thought our friends would be of help. SILLY SILLY FOOD BLOGGERS!!!
Then it hit me. That all these simple laughable answers we were getting all had one thing in common. EXCESS. Pure unadulterated EXCESS. 23 pounds of 117 different types of cheeses on some crispy thick crust would have likely put us all in the hospital with gastronomical distress, but we would have been very very happy. Then Jeff reminded me of the first “pizza” we ever made together. It was a little over a year ago, and it utilized the focaccia recipe from the Bread Bakers Apprentice book and consisted of all the onions we could get our hands on. (See photo below) It was DIVINE. I called it our French Onion pizza. It was gone as soon as we took it out of the oven. It was excessive, and amazing, and with a few changes, a few additions and a few more pounds of onions… would be perfect.
It being OCTOBER my onion choices were slightly limited, but with a little hunting I was able to round up 6 different types (in 6 different pounds):
Six livres six oignon pizza Francais l'oignon… ** (Loosely translated: 6 pounds of 6 onions French onion pizza)
**Correction (Because I am SO not French…): Six livres de six oignons: pizza française à l'oignon.* – Thanks Marie!
3 # of white onions
1 # of brown onions
1/2 # of Vidalia onions
1/2 # of Cipollini onions
1/4 # of Italian red onions
and
3/4 # of shallots
And like before we used the focaccia recipe (half actually) from the BBA, or Bread Bakers Apprentice bread book. However I used extra olive oil because I added the amount for the WHOLE recipe. I have BBAD (Bread Bakers Attention Deficiency…).
The dough was ready and waiting for me (pressed out nice and thin in a 11 x 17″ baking pan, and lightly brushed with olive oil), so I set out that afternoon to cut up all 6 pounds of onions and get them a-sweating. Apparently I was so moved by Jeff's ability to remember that special time in our lives when we first met and MADE our original French Onion pizza because I BAWLED the entire time I was slicing. Sigh…
Anyway, I heated a couple T of canola oil and a half stick of butter in heavy bottomed stock pot and added in all the onions. Stirred well to coat the onions, and covered the pot. Set the heat on med low and let it go for about 3 hours or so, stirring every 20 minutes. The smell was divine. The onions drastically reduced and turned a beautiful golden color. MUST resist the urge to eat every single one.
Then I removed the lid and added 2 beef bullion cubes and about half a bottle of beer. Beer was actually not part of the original plan (Ha ha ha – I made it sound like we had an actual plan… ) but I was drinking one while working my ass off in the kitchen and I was too lazy to get a cup of water. At this point I also added a pinch or two of fresh thyme and rosemary, salt and fresh cracked black pepper. Cooked it down till about half the liquid evaporated, then removed from the heat to cool. Once slightly cooled, moved it to a glass bowl, covered and set it in the fridge.
Oh I also fried up a pound and a half of diced thick cut bacon.
And shredded about 12 oz of Gruyere cheese.
And checked my cholesterol. (180. Okay. We're good.)
And waited patiently for Jeff to get home and our friends to come over…
and had another beer.
THEN FINALLY IT WAS TIME!
We preheated the oven to 500° and finished prepping the pizza.
In a food processor, we pulsed to process the onions till a chunky sauce was formed. (About 5 seconds). I spread the sauce over the dough and then took the WHOLE POUND AND A HALF of bacon (or whatever was left from my abusive bacon snacking…) and spread it evenly over the sauce. Topped it with a thick layer of cheese and stuck it in the hot oven for 10 minutes. Then we reduced the oven to 400° and baked it till the cheese was golden brown and bubbly. Removed, sliced and served immediately because it is too much fun to watch our friends make those “OH HOLY HELL MY MOUTH IS ON FIRE” faces.
It was the perfect pizza.
Oh and be glad you are seeing THAT photo because Jeff took the WHOLE pizza from the hording masses while I held them off with the pizza cutter.
It was gone in under 6.3 seconds.
It was THAT Good.
So if we have tickled your taste buds in any way, shape or form… or maybe you just have not had enough coffee yet and you are willing to cast your vote for just about anyone at this moment. Click below and throw us a vote for Super Foodie! Look at it this way… if you do you are probably standing out from the crowd…
~
*Carl Sandburg, American poet
A great user experience is all about enabling users achieve their objective when using your artifact – be it a website, a software system or anything that you create. Now take a step back. Trying to understand how to make it easy for users to achieve their goals would be pointless if you don't place it within the context of what you know about your users. The more you understand your users, their work and the context of their work, the more you can support them in achieving their goals – and hence, the more usable your system will be! So, you inevitably ask the question “how would I know what my users' needs are?” This article is about requirements gathering … and it answers this question.
What are Requirements?
A requirement is a statement about an intended product that specifies what it should do or how to do it. For requirements to be effectively implemented and measured, they must be specific, unambiguous and clear. For example, a requirement may be that a specific button must enable printing of the contents of the current screen.
Since this article focuses on requirements gathering of systems, we will focus on the two types of System Requirements:
1. Functional Requirements
Functional requirements specify the software functionality that the developers must build into the product to enable users to accomplish their tasks,thereby satisfying the business requirements. In simpler words, functional requirements state what the system must do. In fact, functional requirements are usually stated by using the “shall” statement. For example, “the website shall notify the administrator via email when a user registers with it”
Business rules
Transaction corrections, adjustments
Administrative functions
Authentication
Audit tracking
External interfaces
Certification requirements
Reporting requirements
Historical data
Legal / Regulatory requirements
2. Non-Functional Requirements
Constraints or standards that the system must have or comply with. Non-functional requirements define the system's quality characteristics. As a rule of thumb, non-functional requirements generally end with “ity”, although not all of them do.
Scalability
Capacity
Availability
Reliability
Recoverability
Maintainability
Serviceability
Security
Regulatory
Manageability
Environmental
Data Integrity
Usability
Interoperability
Performance
The Iterative Nature of Requirements Gathering
In an ideal world, one would simply gather data related to user needs, analyse it and then elicit the user requirements. However, this is a very simplistic view. In the real world, user requirement gathering is an iterative process whereby each of the above steps influences the other. For example, when trying to set a particular user requirement, you realise that it is not very clear if the user really wants what you think they want. Therefore, you may opt to gather more data as a means to clarify this ambiguity. In addition to this, you will realise that the requirements themselves evolve as stakeholders interact with the prototypes that you develop based on your initial requirements gathering. What follows is a practical 3-step approach on how to gather data from your users and convert this data into system requirements.
Step 1: Gather Data From The Users
At this early stage, do not restrict your definition of users to the actual users of your system. Instead, widen it to include a sample that represents each stakeholder.
Very often you will find that actual users will help you formulate functional requirements. However, the non-functional requirement will usually come from other stakeholder groups such as the people who are providing the funding of the system. For example, financial controllers would be interested in the scalability of the system since if the system is scalable, then adding more functionalities to it will not involve throwing away the current system.
According to Jenny Preece and Helen Sharp, in their book Interaction Design: Beyond Human-Computer Interaction , data gathering can be done using the following conventional techniques:
Interviews: Interviews are good for getting people to explore issues. Semi-structured or unstructured interviews are often used early on to elicit scenarios. In the context of establishing requirements, it is equally important for development team members to meet stakeholders and for users to feel involved. This on its own may be sufficient motivation to arrange interviews.
Interviews are good for getting people to explore issues. Semi-structured or unstructured interviews are often used early on to elicit scenarios. In the context of establishing requirements, it is equally important for development team members to meet stakeholders and for users to feel involved. This on its own may be sufficient motivation to arrange interviews. Focus Groups: Focus groups are ideal for establishing a consensus view and highlighting areas of conflict and disagreement during the requirements activity. On a social level it also helps for stakeholders to meet designers and each other, and to express their views in public. It is not uncommon for one set of stakeholders to be unaware that their understanding of an issue or a process is different from another's even though they are in the same organization.
Focus groups are ideal for establishing a consensus view and highlighting areas of conflict and disagreement during the requirements activity. On a social level it also helps for stakeholders to meet designers and each other, and to express their views in public. It is not uncommon for one set of stakeholders to be unaware that their understanding of an issue or a process is different from another's even though they are in the same organization. Questionnaires: Questionnaires may be used for getting initial responses that can then be analyzed to choose people to interview or to get a wider perspective on particular issues that have arisen elsewhere. Or the questionnaire might be used to get opinions and views about specific suggestions for the kind of help that would be most appreciated.
Questionnaires may be used for getting initial responses that can then be analyzed to choose people to interview or to get a wider perspective on particular issues that have arisen elsewhere. Or the questionnaire might be used to get opinions and views about specific suggestions for the kind of help that would be most appreciated. Direct Observation: Observation of participants in their natural setting is used to understand the nature of the tasks and the context in which they are performed. Sometimes the observation is carried out by trained observers who record their findings and report them back to the design team, and sometimes the observation is carried out by or with a member of the design team.
Observation of participants in their natural setting is used to understand the nature of the tasks and the context in which they are performed. Sometimes the observation is carried out by trained observers who record their findings and report them back to the design team, and sometimes the observation is carried out by or with a member of the design team. Indirect Observation: Diaries and interaction logging are used less often within the requirements activity. Interaction logging on an existing system may be used to provide some data about how a task is performed currently, but the information is too tightly coupled with details of the existing computer support to be particularly helpful if a completely new system is planned.
Diaries and interaction logging are used less often within the requirements activity. Interaction logging on an existing system may be used to provide some data about how a task is performed currently, but the information is too tightly coupled with details of the existing computer support to be particularly helpful if a completely new system is planned. Studying Documentation: Manuals and other documentation are a good source of data about the steps involved in an activity and any regulations governing a task. Such documentation should not be used as the only source, however, as everyday practices may augment them and may have been devised by those concerned to make the procedures work in a practical setting. Taking a user-centred view of development means that we are interested in the everyday practices rather than an idealized account.
Manuals and other documentation are a good source of data about the steps involved in an activity and any regulations governing a task. Such documentation should not be used as the only source, however, as everyday practices may augment them and may have been devised by those concerned to make the procedures work in a practical setting. Taking a user-centred view of development means that we are interested in the everyday practices rather than an idealized account. Researching Similar Products: By observing and analyzing similar products, it is very easy to establish the requirements of your own product
So, which data-gathering technique should you choose? There is no right or wrong answer here. The above techniques have their own pros and cons. For example, interviews are ideal in order to gather data from smaller groups while questionnaires are ideal to gather data from a geographically spread user base. Other forces that come into play are the nature of the task, the participants, the analyst, the resources that are available and a multitude of other factors. Thus, you may find yourself combining more than one of the above techniques in order to be able to interpret data that is unclear.
End of Part 1
This brings us to the end of Part 1 of this article. In Part 2, we will see Steps 2 and 3 which discuss how the user data that has been gathered in Step 1 can be analyzed in order to understand user needs. In Step 3, this analysis is used to elicit the set of requirements that the system must have – thus completing the requirements gathering process.
(Lead image: Depositphotos)
In Secret Life: The Jian Ghomeshi Investigation, Star reporter Kevin Donovan traces the CBC host's downfall, from whispers and rumours to the fallout from their sex assault trial. The story picks up on Oct. 22, 2014 — the same day as the Parliament Hill shootings — after Ghomeshi taped what would be their last episode of CBC's radio show Q. It featured an emotional segment with former NHL goalie Clint Malarchuk about their struggles with mental illness, and it took place amid rumours of a forthcoming exposé about Ghomeshi's sexual practices and alleged assaults on women. Finished for the day, late afternoon on Wednesday after the pre-taping, Ghomeshi brushed past some of the Q staff. People stood in clusters, talking about the Ottawa shooting. One stopped them and remarked how emotional they seemed to be about the interview with Malarchuk. It was quite clear to staff that both men had been crying at the end of the segment.
A portrait of Ghomeshi by Star artist Raffi Anderian. ( Raffi Anderian / Toronto Star )
“That interview?” Ghomeshi said as they went out. “Oh, it had nothing to do with that.” Malarchuk had affected Ghomeshi, but they were also grappling with their fear of the “monster” story that Jesse Brown was apparently about to break. Talks with their advisers went on throughout the night before they came in to work Thursday to host Q, deliver their essay on the Ottawa shootings, and introduce the pre-taped portions, including the Malarchuk interview. Then they left the CBC building. At roughly the time Ghomeshi was wrapping up their morning at Q, their lawyer Tiffany Soucy was sitting in front of a computer in a boardroom at the Dentons offices on King St. W. for a most unusual meeting. Them assistant ushered in two senior CBC employees: chief of public affairs Chuck Thompson and Chris Boyce, executive director of radio programming.
Article Continued Below
Throughout the summer Ghomeshi had kept both executives apprised of the allegations against him, and both men had taken their protestations of innocence at face value. They trusted Ghomeshi. In fact, the entire CBC executive team trusted him. But now, with Brown's forthcoming “monster” story apparently bringing the allegations front and centre again, Ghomeshi and their legal team had a new strategy. They were going to reveal evidence of consent. Soucy had decided that Ghomeshi would not be present at the meeting. In their brief preamble to the two CBC executives, Soucy explained that they had loaded more than a hundred videos and hundreds of text messages onto the computer in front of her, all from Jian Ghomeshi's cellphone. They said this information would put the matter of Ghomeshi's alleged sexual abuse to rest. “The plan was to show this as an example of how during consensual sexual relations there could be bruising,” a source close to Ghomeshi during that time explained to me. The videos had all been sent to Ghomeshi from one of the many women they dated over the past decade. The woman recorded them as video “selfies” and sent them to Ghomeshi either at their request or of their own volition. (I interviewed this woman, who wishes to remain anonymous.) Soucy warned that the material the two men were about to see was sexually explicit, ranging from provocative images to text chats about a television show that Ghomeshi and the woman in the videos enjoyed. Boyce and Thompson sat down and began viewing.
Author Kevin Donovan, the Star's investigative reporter and editor. ( Richard Lautens )
The woman was sometimes clothed, sometimes naked. Boyce and Thompson were also shown text messages between Ghomeshi and the woman that seemed to indicate, the CBC executives felt, a completely consensual relationship. One video was very different from the others. Soucy showed it, they said, as an example of how bruising could occur as the result of a consensual sexual relationship. The woman revealed bruising to the side of their body apparently caused by cracked ribs during sex play. Soucy showed the CBC executives a series of accompanying texts that, according to a source, featured the woman telling Ghomeshi that they caused the injury. The video and accompanying messages did not indicate to Boyce and Thompson that the woman was angry or upset with Ghomeshi. No other videos showed any injuries, but Soucy showed provocative videos and text messages the woman had sent Ghomeshi after the bruising video, which the lawyer said was proof the relationship was ongoing, consensual and friendly. The videos, particularly the one showing the bruise, stunned Boyce and Thompson. This was not the anticipated reaction. The assignment was suddenly out of the CBC executives' comfort zone. They stood up, gathered the notes they had been allowed to make, and left the law firm offices quickly, hustling into the elevator and then out onto King St. W.
Article Continued Below
The distance from Dentons to the CBC Front St. offices is 900 metres, and both men covered the distance at a half sprint. They were not allowed to take any of the electronic information with them. Much later, Boyce mused in an on-camera interview that perhaps the CBC should have made a report to the police about the video that showed bruising. Back at headquarters, the two men briefed Heather Conway, the CBC's executive vice-president of English services. Conway was as far from being a CBC “lifer” as possible. They had only joined the year before, coming from a post as chief business officer for the Art Gallery of Ontario. Prior to that they had been executive vice-president at Alliance Atlantis Communications. Boyce and Thompson told their boss that they had been shown information suggesting that this particular relationship seemed to be consensual. It appeared, however, that the sex play had broken a woman's ribs. Conway made up their mind then and there to fire Ghomeshi. Ghomeshi, who was not in the building, was summoned to the Front St. offices and told they were entitled to have a union representative sit in on the meeting. One could not be found, and Ghomeshi agreed to come to the meeting unrepresented. “There is evidence of abuse against a woman,” Ghomeshi was told. “We are going to fire you in 24 hours.” Ghomeshi was given an option: resign before that time was up. As one CBC staffer involved in the situation explained, “We cannot have someone who is violent to women on staff.” Ghomeshi told those at the meeting that they were wrong and that a “spurned lover” had targeted him. The CBC executives repeated that the conduct they were now aware of from the video showing was not something the national broadcaster could tolerate. They were told to leave the CBC building; a replacement would be found for tomorrow's show. In a closed-door meeting that followed, Chuck Thompson, the public relations chief, was instructed to say, should anyone in the media call to ask about Ghomeshi's absence, that the CBC does not comment on the “private lives” of its employees. The CBC believed the publication of a story was imminent. Timing was critical. A meeting was scheduled for the next day, Friday morning. With the Friday Q host chair suddenly empty, producers called in veteran CBC host Piya Chattopadhyay. Q producer Arif Noorani phoned Chattopadhyay, who was in Halifax, asking if they could take over. No explanation was given. Chattopadhyay speculated that either Ghomeshi had landed a last-minute, gold-list interview out of town, or they were taking time off due to their father's passing. They told Noorani they would do it but then was flying to Windsor to host an event. Being parachuted into Q, particularly the busy Friday show, was not easy. The Friday episode included several interviews, plus the popular media panel, featuring rabble.ca's Judy Rebick, the National Post's Jonathan Kay and, interestingly, (the Star's then publisher) John Cruickshank. The control room also dug up an earlier interview by the suddenly pressed-into-duty guest host so the show would appear seamless and there would be no hint of Jian Ghomeshi. Q production staff had an inkling that Ghomeshi's absence was due to the rumoured Toronto Star story. They watched the Star publisher for clues but saw none. Meanwhile, a call was made to CBC's maintenance team, who were told to stand by. Something needed to be removed from the CBC lobby.
When briefed on what two CBC representatives heard at the meeting with Ghomeshi's lawyer, executive Heather Conway decided right away that they must be fired, Kevin Donovan writes. ( Eduardo Lima )
The Friday morning meeting was held at the Dentons law offices. Ghomeshi was there, joined by lawyers Tiffany Soucy and Neil Rabinovitch. Also present was the Navigator crisis communication team, led by Jaime Watt, who had returned from Ottawa. Representing the CBC were Heather Conway, Chris Boyce and Chuck Thompson. CBC's top outside employment lawyer was away on a work retreat in Chicago and so a senior outside counsel named Roy Filion attended as a stand-in. Filion was visibly embarrassed by any mention of the rough sex allegations. Navigator's staff had a request for the CBC at the boardroom table: “Give us the weekend.” CBC agreed, and a meeting was set for 11 a.m. Sunday. At Canadaland, Jesse Brown's antenna was up. The media was their beat, and they were always on the lookout for news. A source told them that Ghomeshi had been put on an “indefinite” leave. Brown, whose canvas is very much social media, tweeted that information around 4 p.m. Immediately, they and CBC public relations chief Chuck Thompson got into a small Twitter skirmish. Thompson tweeted “Jian Ghomeshi is not on indefinite leave from the CBC.” Brown shot back on Twitter. “My info on @jianghomeshi is unverified but from a highly credible source. @CBC should deny now if inaccurate and I will retract immediately.” CBC then countered with a brief statement from Thompson saying that Ghomeshi was taking an “undetermined” period of time away from the CBC to “deal with some personal issues.” Jesse Brown had publicly forced the CBC into partial transparency. The fact was that the CBC had already determined that Ghomeshi was going to be fired. The only question was whether they would choose to resign first. The buzz online was that the leave was related to the death of Ghomeshi's father. That was referenced in stories and comments Friday evening in the Toronto media. The response from fans was warm. Of course their beloved Q host needed time to deal with this family tragedy. “Thanks for all the well wishes, guys, I'm okay,” Ghomeshi tweeted to their followers that Friday afternoon, telling them they were taking some much-needed personal time away from the CBC. I was still in Italy when (Star editor) Michael Cooke shared the social media announcements with me. “Is this what I think it is?” they asked. It was well past midnight in Rome. Cooke and I talked on the phone, planning a strategy. It seemed a good guess that Ghomeshi's leave was not connected to their father. Cooke quickly put Jesse Brown back on contract. Brown was also away, so the three of us agreed to reconvene in Toronto as soon as possible. My flight back home was scheduled for early Saturday morning. While I was in the air, high-level meetings were being held at CBC's offices to prepare for the rescheduled meeting at Dentons. The CBC board of directors was notified of the situation. At 11 a.m. Sunday, two groups faced off across a large boardroom table. Present for the CBC were Chris Boyce, Heather Conway and human resources chief Todd Spencer. Lawyer Filion was also in attendance. Ghomeshi was joined by Jaime Watt and other Navigator consultants, as well as the Dentons lawyers. Todd Spencer read a short, formal statement informing Ghomeshi that they were being terminated for cause. Spencer cited information that “we have learned in recent days” as the reason for the firing. “Do you have anything to say?” Spencer asked Ghomeshi. Ghomeshi summed up what they saw as the CBC's position. They said they were being fired for optics: the danger that revelations about their personal life would damage the CBC brand. From their point of view, as they would later write on Facebook, they had kept the CBC informed as a true partner during the past six months. Now, they felt, for the first time in 13 years, like an outsider. Spencer, a former journalist thrust into a human resources role, was nervous. Speaking woodenly, they read another document informing Ghomeshi that the representative of an “outplacement” counselling firm, available to help an employee transition to another career, was on hand downstairs should they wish to avail themselves of its services. Ghomeshi said no, they were fine. As they told their advisers later that afternoon, they were delighted and “bullish” about their future. They had their second book in the works, was seriously contemplating sinking the CBC with a major wrongful dismissal lawsuit, and they were certain they could be hired by a network in the U.S. They told their advisers that their plan was to leave Toronto later that day and fly to Los Angeles, where they had friends they would stay with. Their only concern was how to leave Toronto without being spotted by the press which, when the announcement of their departure was made, would be looking for a photo and a quote. Excerpted from Secret Life: The Jian Ghomeshi Investigation, published Tuesday, Oct. 4. Copyright © 2016 by Kevin Donovan. Reprinted by permission of Goose Lane Editions. The book is now available online at StarStore.ca/Ghomeshi. The public is invited to hear the author in conversation with Ryerson University Prof. Lisa Taylor about their book, on Tuesday, Oct. 18, at 7 p.m., at the Rogers Communications Centre, 80 Gould St., Room 204. This is a free event.
I recently came across this video that some talented person made of a study I conducted on wealth inequality a few years back with Mike Norton. It does a great job covering the main findings regarding the differences between what Americans think the distribution of wealth is (somewhat even), what they would prefer (more even than socialist Sweden), and how wealth is actually distributed (the bottom 40% of Americans possessing less than 0.3% of total wealth, the top 20% possessing 84%). The graphs, and a longer explanation, are also available here.
The only thing I wish they emphasized a little more is how similar the results were for Democrats and Republicans, which I found very hopeful. Even with all the ideological polarization in Washington, the moment we ask the question of ideal wealth distribution in a general and less self-interested way, we seem to be a country that cares a lot about each other.
The debate over how to stop attacks like the terror massacre in Orlando erupted on the House floor late Monday as Democratic lawmakers loudly criticized House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and other GOP leaders for taking no action on the nation's gun laws.
The disruption underscored the political divide in the wake of the attack, with many Democrats looking to tighten gun laws in response and Republicans looking to crack down on the strain of radical Islam that seemingly motivated the shooter.
The flare-up on the floor erupted when Rep. Jim Clyburn, D-S.C., attempted to ask Ryan when bills curbing gun use would be considered after the House paused for 16 seconds to honor those killed in the terror attack.
Clyburn was going to note that Friday is the one-year anniversary of the Charleston, S.C. mass shooting. Before Clyburn could finish, Ryan ruled their question out of order and directed the House to move to the next vote.
Some protested by leaving the House floor during a moment of silence honoring the victims, while other Democrats yelled "Where's the bill?" and "No leadership!"
After the disruption, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters Democrats have "had enough" of moments of silence after mass shootings when Congress does not act to tighten gun laws.
A handful of Democrats left the House floor during the moment of silence, including Connecticut Rep. Jim Himes. Himes said earlier Monday in an interview that he's done with the moments of silence typically held on the House floor after mass shootings, calling them "obnoxious expressions of smug incompetence." Their district is close to Newtown, where a gunman killed 20 first-graders and six adults at an elementary school in 2012.
Leaving the House chamber, Ryan, R-Wis., declined to comment on the exchange.
But they had earlier issued a statement stressing that a “hateful ideology” – not guns – is to blame.
"As we heal, we need to be clear-eyed about who did this,” Ryan said. “We are a nation at war with Islamist terrorists. Theirs is a repressive, hateful ideology that respects no borders. It is a threat to our people at home and abroad. Our security depends on our refusal to back down in the face of terror. We never will."
Lawmakers and presidential candidates have pointed to a range of culprits in responding to the attack. Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has renewed their concerns about Muslim immigration, while presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton renewed their concerns about the proliferation of assault weapons and wants to ban them. President Obama has made a fresh argument for gun control in the wake of the shooting, but has also called it an act of terror and an act of hate – as the attack targeted a gay nightclub.
Obama has not used the phrase “radical Islam,” though Clinton has since described that as a factor.
Moments of silence in the House have a history of prompting outbursts on the floor. When a moment was held to honor victims of a deadly shooting rampage in San Bernardino, California, in December, several Democrats criticized it.
"We need to stand up, speak up, and take actions rather than another moment of silence," said Rep. Robin Kelly, D-Ill., in a House floor speech at the time. "It is deafening, and it is killing us."
Fox News' Chad Pergram and the Associated Press contributed to this report
As an unapologetic Apple fanboy, I am probably not the most expected source for seemingly anti-Apple sentiment. But a fact is a fact, and chief among Apple's key strategies is waiting for years after a new service, feature or function is adopted and implemented by EVERY other competitive platform before putting their own spin on it and taking all the credit as if it were their own invention. They are almost always the last to the party, but they are always the best dressed, the most interesting, the sexiest and the only one everyone remembers the next day.
I don't fault Apple for this type of behavior because all they are really doing is letting the other guys take the risks and make the mistakes and gauging public response based on other products before taking all of that knowledge and refining the hell out of their own product before launching it (2 or 3 years after the first one came out). Then WE, not Apple, create the notion that Apple did something new, different and spectacular. Apple is the only tech company not frothing at the mouth to be the first to a milestone. They have the foresight to know that in 5 -10 years, no one will remember who did it first. They will only remember who did it best. No one will ever say, “Did you see Apple's new Diamond Rio Mp3 Player? It's called an iPod.”
It's the same with the upcoming inclusion of turn by turn GPS in iOS 6. Android has had this feature for free since 2009 or so. Apple has outright neglected this feature (like they did video recording, 3G and apps on the early iPhones), but I guarantee you that as soon as people are asking their iPhones, ” Siri, tell me how to get to the nearest Thai place,” they are going to think Apple not only invented GPS, but also the orbits that hold the satellites in place and probably The Moon too just for good measure.
So when Apple finally puts a keyboard in a Smart Cover, don't be surprised. I feel like that's the only real standout feature of The MS Surface. I'm sure it will be a perfectly fine tablet, but I promise you the full Windows 8 version will be at least $1000, which makes it more of a competitor to the Macbook Air than the iPad. I also think it's foolish to release two identical products with the same name when one is essentially a full computer and the other is a tablet running an mobile version of Windows 8. Leave it to MS to create confusion within their own brand. They just don't have that singular vision that Apple has (or perhaps had… time will tell). I do not think poorly of Windows users or MS fans, but I firmly believe they are children of a lesser Steve. Everything they release seems very “design by committee.” Actually it seems like an outside committee was hired to consult the committee that advised the design by committee committee who worked on the design for four years before being reassigned to a different project, at which point a new committee as brought in to rush the design to completion despite having no idea what it was for in the first place.
COMMENTERS: Is the MS Surface finally going to put Redmond on the hardware map? Are their any standout features of the Surface that have you excited? No? Is that because they really didn't announce any features, like at all? Weird, huh? Is it just me or is the whole “every device must have a Metro OS” thing a horrible idea? I find the current Xbox dash nearly unusable and it's as Metro as all get out.
Any other examples of a company or service that was “late to the party” but gets all the credit?
WASHINGTON — The United States has slashed the two-year budget for the United Nations by $285 million, delivering on a promise to cut spending on the agency after the U.N. Security Council overwhelmingly denounced President Trump's decision to move the country's embassy in Israel.
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley hailed the decision to negotiate a reduction to the overall 2018-2019 budget as one of “a host of successes” by the U.S.
“(W)e reduced the UN's bloated management and support functions, bolstered support for key U.S. priorities throughout the world, and instilled more discipline and accountability throughout the UN system,” Haley said in a statement. “We will no longer let the generosity of the American people be taken advantage of or remain unchecked.”
Ahead of last week's U.N. General Assembly vote to declare the U.S. decision to move its embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem “null and void,” Haley warned in a tweet that “the U.S. will be taking names.”
After the assembly voted 128-9 Thursday to denounce Trump's decision to move the embassy and declare Jerusalem Israel's capital, Haley and other U.S. officials promised to revisit the U.S.'s role in the organization, including the size of its financial contributions.
“America will put our embassy in Jerusalem. No vote in the United Nations will make any difference on that,” Haley said. “But this vote will make a difference on how Americans look at the U.N., and on how we look at countries who disrespect us in the U.N.”
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) tweeted after the vote: “Given its tendency to be forum for anti-Semitism & anti-Americanism, reevaluation of US role as single largest donor to #UN is long overdue.”
Earlier this year, Rubio introduced legislation to withhold U.S. funding to the U.N. and all affiliated agencies until they stopped what Rubio called “systemic bias and targeting of the Jewish state of Israel.”
Trump also threatened to withhold “billions” in funding from the U.N. member countries that voted in favor of denouncing the U.S.'s embassy relocation.
“We'll save a lot. We don't care,” Trump said before a Cabinet meeting at the White House last week. “This isn't like it used to be where they could vote against you and then you pay them hundreds of millions of dollars. We're not going to be taken advantage of any longer.”
Haley's statement didn't specify how much of the reduction would come as a result in the reduction of U.S. contributions. According to PolitiFact, about 22 percent of the U.N.'s funding, or roughly $3.3 billion, comes from the U.S.
Andrew Sullivan links to this rather disturbing report on negotiations between the United States and Iraq over future U.S. military bases in the country:
The US is holding hostage some $50bn (Â£25bn) of Iraq's money in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to pressure the Iraqi government into signing an agreement seen by many Iraqis as prolonging the US occupation indefinitely, according to information leaked to The Independent.
(…)
US negotiators are using the existence of $20bn in outstanding court judgments against Iraq in the US, to pressure their Iraqi counterparts into accepting the terms of the military deal, details of which were reported for the first time in this newspaper yesterday.
(…)
Iraq's foreign reserves are currently protected by a presidential order giving them immunity from judicial attachment but the US side in the talks has suggested that if the UN mandate, under which the money is held, lapses and is not replaced by the new agreement, then Iraq's funds would lose this immunity. The cost to Iraq of this happening would be the immediate loss of $20bn. The US is able to threaten Iraq with the loss of 40 per cent of its foreign exchange reserves because Iraq's independence is still limited by the legacy of UN sanctions and restrictions imposed on Iraq since Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in the 1990s. This means that Iraq is still considered a threat to international security and stability under Chapter Seven of the UN charter. The US negotiators say the price of Iraq escaping Chapter Seven is to sign up to a new “strategic alliance” with the United States.
Wolfman, Bride of Frankenstein and the Invisible Man characters were all to be explored in a connected cinematic universe.
Alex Kurtzman and Chris Morgan depart after the failure of 'The Mummy,' leaving the planned franchise rudderless (with empty offices).
Universal's cinematic Dark Universe is in danger of being mummified.
Just five months after Universal released a much-discussed cast photo promising a slew of movies starring the likes of Johnny Depp, Russell Crowe and Javier Bardem — all drawn on characters like the Invisible Man, Wolf Man and Frankenstein in its stable of classic horror films — none of the projects appears to have a pulse.
Writer-producers Alex Kurtzman and Chris Morgan, who were hired as the monster universe architects, have departed the franchise, sources tell The Hollywood Reporter. Kurtzman, whose deal with Universal lapsed in September, is focusing on television (he's an executive producer on CBS All Access' Star Trek: Discovery, and their overall deal with CBS involves more than a half-dozen shows), while Morgan has returned to the Fast and Furious franchise and is writing a spinoff for Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham.
In early October, Universal pulled the plug on preproduction that had started in London for Bride of Frankenstein — which was to have followed The Mummy as the second entry in the series — partly because execs felt the script by David Koepp and overseen by director Bill Condon wasn't ready. Angelina Jolie had been courted for the lead but is now not attached. Insiders insist Condon (Beauty and the Beast) remains attached, but no date has been set to resume work, and a Feb. 14, 2019, release has been shelved.
All this comes in the wake of Mummy's poor performance. Released in June, the Tom Cruise picture grossed a relatively paltry $409 million worldwide on a budget of $125 million-plus (some insiders place it considerably higher). That doesn't include marketing costs of at least $100 million.
Emblematic of Dark Universe's problems is the tony office building on the Universal lot that was revamped at considerable expense for the new venture. After being decked out in monster regalia, it now sits mostly empty.
Universal is exploring its options. One road involves offering the IP to high-profile filmmakers or producers (Jason Blum has been mentioned) with ideas for one-off movies not connected to a larger universe. And the studio could find a new architect who could overhaul the concept.
"We've learned many lessons throughout the creative process on Dark Universe so far, and we are viewing these titles as filmmaker-driven vehicles, each with their own distinct vision," says Universal president of production Peter Cramer. "We are not rushing to meet a release date and will move forward with these films when we feel they are the best versions of themselves."
The Mummy aside, the studio has had big wins in 2017. It boasts two $1 billion grossers (April's Fate of the Furious and July's Despicable Me 3), while sleeper hits like M. Night Shyamalan's Split ($278 million on a $9 million budget) and Jordan Peele's Get Out ($253 million on a $4.5 million budget) earned critical and commercial praise.
For Morgan and Kurtzman, it makes sense to move away from Dark Universe and back to Fast and Star Trek, note observers.
"This affords Alex Kurtzman more time for a project that is really working well: Star Trek Discovery," says New York-based freelance critic Jordan Hoffman, host of the official Star Trek podcast, who was in attendance of a Mummy screening that elicited unintended laughter from the crowd.
Is there hope for the Dark Universe? Yes, says comScore box-office analyst Paul Dergarabedian, pointing to Marvel and Sony's Spider-Man: Homecoming success after the franchise had lost its footing with 2014's Amazing Spider-Man 2 or Marvel's Thor: Ragnarok, which had an opening weekend that outperformed the two previous Chris Hemsworth-led solo outings. "It's never too late to course-correct," they say, "because with each movie, you get another shot."
"There's no way to give up on this. This is Universal's legacy," they add.
A version of this story first appeared in the Nov. 8 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
Ed Rollins told Lou Dobbs Republicans are running the "most negative, vicious" campaign against its own frontrunner Tuesday night on the FOX Business Channel.
"Have you ever seen a campaign, Ed, where the entire establishment goes after the front-runner and the second place, in most cases, the second place candidate hell-bent on destroying them?" the FOX Business Channel host asked.
"No, I haven't, to be honest," Rollins, a veteran Republican political operative, said. "I've been around a long time. The establishment wasn't for Reagan but couldn't stop them in 1980, but it was totally different. It wasn't anywhere near the negativity. This is the most negative, vicious campaign I have ever seen, and it's our own side doing it to our front-runner, that's the amazing thing."
Trump won the Mississippi and Michigan primaries Tuesday night.
OMG you're a complete utter tin foil lunatic... Nothing of what you said has actually been proven to exist and/or work.
" I watched over 200 hours of documentaries in the last 4 months. "
Imagine that, instead of wasting 200 hours seeing semi-retarded pseudo-science TV shows you'd actually studied a physics book and learn why all that BS is fake to lure in stupid people to buy #$%@.
"A true researcher will look at everything , even if it seems balooney and bogus ."
Absolutely, and then a true researcher will be able to separate idiotic mumbo-jumbo from reality. You only need to go a step further.
"So next time you watch those educational videos and conspiracy theorists that you dont like, how bout watching it fully and not stopping after 5 minutes, eh?"
Dude, why do you think i'm here in this specific topic? I have as an hobby to cruise around and check out these stories and see if there is something i'm missing out on. Then i analyze their merits. All the stuff you mentioned has been done in to death. And quite honestly i could school you in sacred geometry. I've studied that BS well beyond the point of seeing it was all BS just for the fun of it. And the only reason why you think cymatics and this go hand to hand is because you haven't really comprehended why those geometric connections exist.
"Torsion fields is just another name for hyperdimensional physics
(picked up first by nickola tesli , and from which einstein had commented on themselves as the new newton revolution) ."
Apparently we are still waiting for this revolution huh? And since You're talking about Einstein who was dead wrong on Quantum Mechanics and was themselves outdated when they died and you call me "outdated"? Have you even held a post 1950 physics book? Torsion fields, if you can comprehend what they are, do exist, but that's about it. All the work done on them is BS. Torsion fields have basically zero interaction in our world. I was talking about the crap you've certainly heard about it being
CLOSE These are the most wanted fugitives of the week from the El Paso Police Department and El Paso County Sheriff's Department. Wochit
Gina Nicole Torrijos (Photo: Courtesy El Paso Police Department)
A Riverside High School cheerleader was arrested after allegedly claiming that a burglar had stolen their cheerleader uniforms from their home, court documents state.
El Paso police investigators arrested Gina Nicole Torrijos, 18, on Friday on a charge of making a false police report after allegedly claiming that their cheerleader uniforms had been stolen during a home burglary April 15, police officials said.
About 2 a.m. April 15, police responded to a burglary call by Torrijos, who claimed that someone had stolen two Riverside High School cheerleader uniforms from the bedroom dresser at their home in the 1700 block of Shawana Laurie Court near Montwood Drive in the far East Side, according to a complaint affidavit filed by police.
Riverside High is in the Ysleta Independent School District, which has open enrollment.
According to the complaint, Torrijos allegedly told police that they received several text messages from an anonymous number stating that their uniforms had been taken.
MORE CRIME NEWS:
Most wanted for the week of May 8
Police investigate homicide in East El Paso
Torrijos also allegedly told officers that "someone" had been in their backyard trying to remove the screen to their bedroom window when they received the texts and that the prowler was chased off by their boyfriend, who lost the person in the dark.
As part of the investigation, Pebble Hills Tactical Unit investigators spoke with several neighbors who all said that they did not see or hear anything unusual, the complaint states.
When interviewed by police, the Riverside cheer coach told an investigator that Torrijos had returned one of the uniforms to the school on April 15 after the alleged burglary, the complaint stated.
On April 21, Torrijos allegedly told police that they had lied about the burglary and provided a written confession that "stated that they made up the story of the Burglary of Habitation to cover the fact that they wanted to avoid turning in their cheer uniforms to the school," the complaint states.
The complaint states that Torrijos told police that they still had the missing uniform but later recanted and said that they could not find the uniform.
MORE CRIME NEWS:
Police investigate death of man found on sidewalk
Two arrested in death of man found stabbed in car
Torrijos was arrested on suspicion of making a false report to a peace officer, which is a Class B misdemeanor punishable by up to 180 days in jail and a $2,000 fine.
They were released from jail on a $5,000 bond on Friday.
Daniel Borunda may be reached at 546-6102; dborunda@elpasotimes.com; @BorundaDaniel on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://www.elpasotimes.com/story/news/crime/2017/05/08/cheerleader-accused-lying-uniform-theft/101446578/
Current Wisconsin law requires employers to give their workers at least one day off for every week on the job, but a new law being proposed in the state assembly could change that. Two state politicians working with the local business lobby have introduced legislation that would allow employees in the manufacturing and service sectors to work for a week or more without any mandated breaks.
One of the bill's sponsors, Republican state representative Mark Born, said the bill was intended only to allow workers the option of volunteering for additional work.
“Let's allow businesses and employees to work together, and if there's extra work that needs to be done, give the option to the employee to come in,” they told msnbc.
Most states don't have mandated rest days like the one in Wisconsin, said Born, and some businesses have already had the requirement waived. But to Wisconsin labor unions and other opponents of the bill, the current law is a crucial safeguard against workplace abuse. If employees are given the “option” to work more, it ultimately won't be up to them, said National Employment Law Project's Catherine Ruckelshaus.
“ ‘Voluntary' typically doesn't mean that the worker has any choice in the matter,” they said. “It generally means, if you want to keep your job or have a job, you have to take what the employer is describing.”
“There has not been some sort of outcry from small business and employees asking for this protection to be removed,” said Mike Browne, deputy director for the progressive group One Wisconsin Now. Instead, the law was originally proposed by the powerful industry lobbying group Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce (WMC). Rep. Born confirmed to msnbc that they began working on the legislation after they were approached by WMC.
“They've had a tradition of being very successful in influencing Republican politicians or conservative politicians to vote with their interests,” said Browne.
A WMC spokesperson did not return a request for comment.
Republican state senator Glenn Grothman, who sponsored the legislation along with Born, has also co-sponsored a law that would allow employers to provide comp time in lieu of overtime pay ”if such an arrangement is authorized by a collective bargaining agreement or other agreement arrived at before the work is performed.” Republicans on the federal level proposed a similar measure last spring, but critics of the legislation argued that it would put too much power in the hands of the boss.
“It's the employer that gets to decide when and under what circumstances you can take this comp time,” National Partnership for Women and Families senior adviser Judith Lichtman told msnbc at the time, an argument that would be echoed by opponents of the seven-day work week bill.
“Even God said rest on the seventh day,” David Reader, secretary-treasurer for the union Teamsters Local 662, told Wisconsin's Stevens Point Journal. “I would hate to see that Republican bill pass. Some employers would really take advantage of that.”
“When it comes to anything people aren't supposed to be doing, they like to do it.”
Male Escorts Are Raking It In At The Republican National Convention
Business is booming for male escorts in Cleveland, where the Republican National Convention is underway.
The New York Post reports gay prostitutes are in high demand with closeted GOP delegates and dignitaries.
“Business has been way better. I've seen 10 clients so far,” said one hustler.
“Most of them were first-timers. You could tell they were nervous, but once they became more comfortable, they seemed to be having a good time.”
One gigolo who charges $250 an hour said he's been making about $800 per day since Monday, when the convention kicked off. Another claims to have made $1,600 since the GOP came to town, mainly in the downtown area not far from Quicken Loans Arena, where Donald Trump is primed to speak tonight.
The clientele is described as mostly married white guys in their 40s. “One of them was from Texas and visiting for the convention. They said they were a politician.”
The surge doesn't come as a shock to these gentlemen of the evening.
One of the hookers said they aren't surprised that the convention—filled with politicians who openly oppose gay marriage—brought such a boom in business. “When it comes to anything people aren't supposed to be doing, they like to do it,” the escort said.
“The Republicans have a lot of delegates in the closet, let's put it that way.”
We can only imagine what Grindr is like in Cleveland right now.
Sadly, female prostitutes aren't making nearly as much bank. One told the Post business is actually slower than usual.
Getty
This week, the Republican Party ratified it's the most homophobic platform ever, endorsing conversion therapy and bathroom bills and repudiating same-sex marriage and gay adoption.
Recently, I tabled a study in the Senate from the social affairs committee about social inclusion. We wanted to know how significant poverty, homelessness, a lack of affordable housing and income inequality in Canada have affected our cohesion as a society.
Inclusion and cohesion are vital to the national social fabric. They are vital to the everyday interactions among Canadians. They are vital to our interconnectedness and a shared experience of our nation.
We learned that despite the challenges many communities face, and thanks to our multicultural and integration policies, we have a broad sense of inclusion in Canada. The rising numbers of immigrants who own homes, who take out citizenship and who intermarry point to inclusion.
Story continues below advertisement
But everything is not perfect. We have fault lines. We have far too many people living on the margins. This has been made more challenging by rising income inequality in Canada, where 4 per cent of Canadian households control 67 per cent of total wealth, and where middle and low incomes have stagnated or decreased.
We can see this growing divide playing itself out in our urban areas. A report by University of Toronto professor David Hulchanski found that Toronto is now made up of three cities, not one. One part is wealthy; one is a huge area of poverty. And the portion once occupied by the middle class has shrunk from about 66 per cent in 1970 to just 29 per cent in 2005.
This widening gap between the rich and the rest is a looming crisis. A society in which a small group is benefiting unfairly can lead to dissension, increases in crime, loss of participation and isolation.
To deal with exclusion, first and foremost, we need collaboration among the federal government, the provinces and territories, local governments and community organizations. Together, we need to develop goals for social inclusion and cohesion. These goals should be used in the design and evaluation of policies, programs and activities. Then we need to measure them to determine if we are meeting our goals for inclusion.
Our study found that certain groups are far more likely to face exclusion. Recent immigrants, visible minorities, aboriginal people, people with disabilities, seniors, youth and sexual minorities all struggle with exclusion in Canada.
We offered ideas for how better to include these groups. For recent immigrants who are overrepresented in poverty, we need to better prepare immigrants before they arrive to Canada. We also need enhanced efforts to combat racism and other forms of intolerance for both immigrants and visible minorities by developing pan-Canadian educational programs.
In our aboriginal community, access to postsecondary education and training was identified as one of the best opportunities for social and economic inclusion.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
For young Canadians, employment remains a big challenge, with 14-per-cent youth unemployment, making it difficult to pay for tuition, pay down debt or afford housing. Once out of school, they often experience underemployment, job insecurity, temp work, and rising costs for food and housing. We need programs to increase labour mobility, and tax incentives for companies that hire and invest in young Canadians.
To help stem income inequality, we recommended a review of the Income Tax Act to ensure progressivity and fairness, and to stimulate job creation.
These are just some of the 39 recommendations our cross-party committee put to the federal government. We hope it listens.
For 146 years we've built this country based on a simple premise, and a higher purpose: That helping our neighbour, looking out for one another and giving everyone a shot at success is the best way to build a society.
It is again time to focus on sharing our prosperity more widely – to make sure we continue on an inclusive path, where everyone feels they have a stake in their community and their country.
Art Eggleton is a former Toronto mayor and member of Parliament, and is currently a Canadian senator.  They are deputy chair of the Senate standing committee on social affairs, science and technology.
0 0 0
Development hell is like the purgatory for unmade films. These films have creative teams behind them and a loyal fan base that want to see them made, but seem doomed to be unreleased. Here are some of the most famous cinematic casualties that may never get made.
1. The Dark Tower Series
Prev Page: 1 of 15 Next
To many, The Dark Tower series is Stephen King's best work. Spanning eight novels, some nearly as thick as their thirteen-hundred page epic The Stand, The Dark Tower tells the story of Roland Decshain, the titular gunslinger of the first book, and their search for the Dark Tower and its emissary The Man in Black. To say this project is ambitious would be the equivalent of saying Stephen King is just a horror writer: obvious, but not the whole story. Director Ron Howard, and their producing partner Brian Glazer, are the men who have put it upon themselves to transfer this magnum opus from page to screen. For a while it looked as if it would happen with a deal that included both films and television miniseries and actors such as Russell Crowe and Javier Bardem rumoured to be playing the Gunslinger. Unfortunately, it is still too rich for the Hollywood money men's blood and things have gone quiet again. You have to feel for King's fans who have to deal with five Children of the Corn films and not even one Dark Tower film.
The only Photography Fundraiser Company to offer this special Bonus! Photography Fundraiser for your next fundraising event.
H and S Photography fundraiser company is one of the best photography fundraiser you can have for your group when you need to raise much needed funds. Offer a great and long lasting fundraiser product to your families in your church and/or community that they will cherish. So why a photography fundraiser? Let H&S show you the money! When you choose photo fundraising as your next fundraising event, you will be offering a free professional portrait to your participants. Imagine what the response will be when you are able to offer a FREE portrait to your participating families. How much can you raise by giving away a beautiful family portrait. People love Free and they love portraits! Choose H&S photography fundraiser company for your event. Because out of all of the photography fundraiser companies to choose from, we have the best bonus structure in the industry!
What Kind of Photography Fundraiser to Choose.
But wait! You can offer one of our other photography fundraiser ideas such as glamour, children's Hollywood or children's antique portraits. Our family photography fundraiser works great with churches and groups who want to include everyone. The more inclusive your fundraiser product the bigger the participation.
877-526-1967
How Does a Photography Fundraiser Work?
Simply present the photo fundraiser to your group, school or church offering a great opportunity for a free family portrait for a small donation to your cause. This donation is for the sitting fee. You keep the $7 of the sitting fee and H&S will provide the professional photographer, background, lighting and props along with delivering a free portrait to each different family who participates and views their portraits. How much will you raise giving away a beautiful family portrait? Portrait viewing may be online. So all participants must have access to the internet and have a valid working email.
Choosing the Leader in Photography Fundraiser Companies – H&S
We are enthusiastic about helping church groups. Our family portrait fundraiser offers enjoyable family activities in addition to your other ongoing fundraising efforts. We focus on quality photography and fundraising ideas that need zero door-to-door sales and hassle free stocking of fundraiser products and inventory. There is definitely no danger with a portrait fundraiser for a church losing money due to over spending of products. There are no products to purchase. We know raising funds for a school, groups, or church can be a full-time job. Portrait fundraising allows you to raise the funds simply and uncomplicated. As an added bonus, most families loves images of their adored ones that H&S will capture. It really is a special product that we provide which will be treasured for generations.
877-526-1967
Tasteful Backgrounds and Timeless Portraiture
STEP INTO THE 21ST CENTURY WITH CRISP, CLEAN AND CONTEMPORARY PORTRAIT DESIGN THAT'S PURE AND TRUE FOR YOUR fundraising ideas! Photography fundraising is a profitable and cherished item you can give your participants. What was your last fundraiser profit goal? Was it a success? If it wasn't what you expected, it's time to consider a new fundraising idea. Try H&S photography fundraising. H&S ideas for fundraising is the only picture fundraising company to offer a timeless true white studio quality tasteful background for family portraiture that will become more elegant over time and not outdated in one year.
Ask About Our Promotional Bonus for You!
877-526-1967
TNT, Sarah Jessica Parker's Pretty Matches and Refinery29 have suspended production on the planned unscripted series Who Rules the World (working title), which had been co-produced by Morgan Spurlock's Warrior Poets and executive produced by the documentarymaker. The decision follows Spurlock's public admission of sexual misconduct earlier this week. The series, which tackles women's issues, did not have a premiere date and was in early stages of production. Its future will be “reevaluated.”
“In light of recent revelations, Pretty Matches and Refinery29 are severing ties with Morgan Spurlock,” the two companies said in a statement to Deadline. “We stand in solidarity with the victims. We are suspending production on Who Rules the World (working title) to reevaluate the best path forward for the project, and are more determined than ever to share women's stories through this series.”
Added TNT, “Production on Who Rules the World (working title) has been suspended until further review.”
Who Rules the World (fka Who Run The World? ) — originally from Warrior Poets and Parker's Pretty Matches Productions, in partnership with Refinery29 and in association with Turner's Studio T — centers on the most divisive and complicated issues facing women today, from the policing of their bodies and judgments of their family planning choices, to the micro-aggressions they face in the media, the workplace and everyday life.
This pair of speakers would be a great gift for any music lover or people who enjoy good tech.
These speakers are oblong in shape with one end tapering to a softened point. The speakers come in either black or white and include a USB cable as well as a 3.5mm AUX cable so they can be plugged into MP3 players, mobile phone, game units, laptops and more. When these speakers are plugged in jets of water will begin to shoot up in time to the music being played through the device they're connected to. As well as the water jets these speakers contain 4 LED lights that light up the water as the jets run. Each speaker is 3 watts. Please note that each purchase includes a pair of water speakers.
If you enjoy kicking back and relaxing to your favourite tunes then this product may be the perfect one for you. These dancing water speakers pump up any music session with the great speaker quality and visual effects.
Delivery Options
Standard Tracked Delivery: 3-5 working days, £2.99 or FREE for orders over £40
Sadly free shipping is not available to the Scottish Highlands, Isle of Man, Channel Isles and Northern Ireland, personalised items, or items sent from 3rd party suppliers.
Express Tracked Delivery: Next available working day, £3.99: Orders placed before 5:30pm Monday to Friday will be delivered by DHL within one working days to UK mainland addresses. Orders placed after the cutoff on Friday will reach you on the following Tuesday. Sadly, our Express delivery is not available to customers with the following postcode prefixes: AB, IM, GY, JE, BT, FK, HS, G83, IV, KA 27-28, KW, PA, PH and ZE. You will be given an estimate for delivery date in the checkout.
Saturday/Sunday Delivery - £6.99 - Delivered by DHL or DPD, we offer this service at the lowest possible price. You'll need to place your order before 4:30pm on a Friday, and just like our express service, you can follow your order right to your door.
DPD Pick Up - £3.99: We'll deliver your parcel to a local DPD Pick Up point that you select during checkout. They'll notify you when it arrives, and will keep it for 7 days meaning there's plenty of time for you to collect. If your order is placed before 4:30pm your order should be ready within 24 - 48 hours (Monday to Friday). Further details, including specific store opening times, can be found during the checkout process.
Click & Collect - Free: Our Click & Collect service allows you to reserve an item online and then collect it at your nearest Menkind shop. Orders are available either on a same-day or next-day service; we'll let you know when it's ready to collect.
UK Delivery To: Northern Ireland, The Channel Islands, the Scottish Highlands & Islands & The Isle of Man:
Economy tracked delivery costs £3.99 and our Express service is £14.99
Europe Deliveries typically take up to five working days. The cost varies by country (see the full list on our FAQs page), but some of the most requested are:
Eire £14.99 2 - 5 working days France £12.99 2 - 5 working days Germany £9.99 2 - 5 working days Netherlands £9.99 2 - 5 working days Spain £19.99 3 - 5 working days
Personalised Item Delivery - £4.95: For any personalised products, your parcel will be sent directly from the manufacturers that help us to create them. Unfortunately these cannot be tracked, but will be delivered in 7-10 days.
Returns
We offer FREE UK returns for up to 30 days after purchase for unwanted (and unused) non personalised items, and we'll even refund any standard delivery costs too. Because we know many of our products are purchased as gifts, from 1st November to 24th December we extend our policy so you can exchange anything or receive credit via a gift card up to 25th January in the following year. See our FAQs page for full terms and conditions.
Should an item be damaged or faulty, please contact us. Our products go through rigorous testing but occasionally a faulty product may slip through our quality control or become damaged in transit. We're interested in making sure you have the best possible experience with us.
These are the facts, as they were agreed to by the perpetrators. After a long night of drinking, Scott Doody, Timothy Hird, Joshua Spears, Anton Kloeden, and Glen Swain left a casino at 6am in the morning of 25 July 2009. They ranged in age from 18–23. Most of them were drunk, but Kloeden, the driver, was not.
Kloeden, in the words of Chief Justice Martin, then thought it would be fun to ‘take on the challenge of driving along the Todd River bed to the Telegraph Station'. Even more fun, Kloeden then ‘made the offensive and stupid decision to harass the Aboriginal people camped in the riverbed', nearby Schwarz Crescent causeway. They drove towards a group of at least six campers. The campers fled to trees for safety, except for an elderly Aboriginal person, who was too elderly to respond with adequate speed. Kloeden drove within a metre of him, with the intention of terrifying them by narrowly missing him.
Having driven away Kloeden turned the car back to the camp due to a fenced off exit. Kloeden had not yet had enough fun for the night: they drove over the elderly man's swag as they passed the camp again. One female camper, who saw the young men coming, threw a small log at their car. Some of the men got out of the car and ‘yelled abuse' at the Aboriginal campers. The form of this abuse was not recorded.
The night, now morning, was not yet over. Kloeden thought there was more fun to be had, so they drove at another Aboriginal camping group. The three Aboriginal people were sleeping. They were woken up by the car speeding towards them, and fled for their lives. Kloeden parked near the campers, and again ‘words were exchanged'. The sort of words exchanged is not yet on the public record.
After this, the group decided to return to the home of Hird and Swain. Fun was still to be had. Once there, the group picked up more alcohol, Hird's gun and blank ammunition. They drove along and Hird shot their gun, though at one point it jammed. As they approached Schwarz Crescent causeway, they stopped the car so that Hird could fix their gun. Having fixed it, they shot it again. Justice Martin noted that the car was intentionally stopped so that Hird would be able to ‘scare the Aboriginal occupants' of the first camp they had terrorised previously.
This goal was achieved. As Swain testified to the police, the campers began running, and obviously ‘feared for their lives', according to the judge's rendition of Swain. Hird plainly contributed to this by holding the pistol outside the car in the direction of the camp.
An Aboriginal man, Kwementyaye Ryder, was one of the campers who had been terrorised by Kloeden's driving in the first instance. They responded this time by throwing a bottle, which hit the side of the car.
Kloeden immediately executed a sudden u-turn. They stopped so close to Ryder that Ryder could grab the bullbar. All four passengers raced out of the car, with Hird the first one out. Without checking the damage to the car, they chased Ryder, who tripped and fell. Confronted with a man ‘lying defenceless and incapable of posing any threat to any of the offenders', they repeatedly kicked them in the head, and Spears struck their head with a bottle. They told them ‘Don't fuck with us'.
Swain, who had kicked Ryder in the head twice, noticed they were lying motionless, and that something was plainly wrong. They called out ‘Let's go', considering that the most appropriate reaction. They got into the car. Kloeden hadn't gotten out of the car because they were executing a three-point-turn. Apparently untroubled by what they saw, Kloeden was ‘seen to drive away at a leisurely, normal pace'.
The men proceeded to lie to the police over the course of a week. Swain and Kloeden lied to the police, saying they had gone by themselves to a racecourse and fallen asleep there. Hird lied to the police, saying that they had gone to the casino with Doody and hadn't seen Swain or Kloeden. Justice Martin did not comment on it, but the matching alibis point to some collusion among the defendants.
Justice Martin noted to the defendants that it was apparent they ‘would inevitably be caught', which may help explain why Swain offered a full confession within a week. Out of the group of five, Swain was the ‘only person who made a full and frank confession to the police and who gave them every assistance possible'.
Those are the facts. Justice Martin then had the task of interpreting them. They concluded that this ‘crime is toward the lower end of the scale of seriousness for crimes of manslaughter'. Not enough violence was inflicted, and the defendants supposedly could not have foreseen a serious risk of death from their violent attack. Repeatedly kicking someone in the head and hitting them with a bottle and then fleeing when the victim was motionless is apparently not recklessness, but negligence to Justice Martin.
Justice Martin then considered the possible value of inflicting a heavier sentence for deterrence value. They dismissed this too. Their grounds for this are particularly striking: the violence ‘arose out of an angry and aggressive reaction to a perceived insult'. Plainly, there could be no value in deterrence with a mere crime of violence perpetrated by intoxicated youths responding to a perceived insult.
What didn't feature in their discussion of deterrence was what they acknowledged repeatedly was the ‘atmosphere of antagonism towards Aboriginal persons' manifested by the defendants. Nor was this mentioned as an aggravating feature. Which goes much of the way towards explaining their lenient sentencing: Doody, who did not physically strike Ryder, was sentenced to four years imprisonment to be suspended after 12 months. Hird, Kloeden and Spears were sentenced to six years imprisonment, with a non-parole period of 4 years. Swain had half a year taken off both measures, on account of their confession.
Yet there is one other factor which played a crucial role in Justice Martin's sentencing, and is arguably the most appalling part of their decision. Justice Martin went out of their way to provide character references for every single defendant. Doody is ‘a person of positive good character'. Hird is a ‘solid, hard-working young man of good character'. Kloeden has an ‘underlying good character'. Spears is a ‘person of very good character'. Swain, like Kloeden, was a ‘person of underlying good character'. These men of good character repeatedly terrorised Aboriginal people for being Aboriginal, before getting a gun to terrorise them further, ending the night by beating a man to death, and then casually driving away without checking if their victim was okay.
Justice Martin's grounds for these conclusions are astonishing. They note character references in their favour, proving that many of them have friends and employers who think nice things about them. This hardly balances out what they did. They then scrapes the barrel in special pleading on their behalf, holding, for example, that Spears had never previously ‘come into contact with the criminal law'. Considering they were 18 at the time, this is hardly such an achievement. Hird, Kloeden, and Swain, on the other hand, despite their youth had previously had difficulties with the law. Yet Justice Martin was able to claim that this was ‘totally out of character' for all of them, and also that they were ‘genuinely sorry'. Presumably they were able to judge their tremendous remorse from how they casually left the scene of the motionless man who soon died from their beating. This too was in their character. Or perhaps their remorse was manifested in the lies they worked on together to tell the cops. Or perhaps they judged their remorse in the fact that four out of five of them didn't cooperate with the police at all, and the only one did when it was already apparent that they would be caught.
What was missing from Justice Martin's sentencing remarks, and sentence, was a sense of revulsion at what happened. The five young men engaged in recreational activities that wouldn't be out of place in a gathering of Klansmen.
This disgusting crime was not just an attack on Ryder. It was an attack on Aboriginal people in Australia. It – and Martin's judgement – was an attack on our decency as a people. I am appalled as a human being to live in a country where such a terrible crime can take place, where the media and public intellectuals – with the honourable exception of National Indigenous Times Chris Graham, who gave me the judgement on Friday – have reacted with complete indifference. I am horrified as a Jewish person to live in a country where a member of a small, vulnerable minority can be victimised in such a shocking manner, and the perpetrators can still be described as basically good people.
And I am ashamed as an Australian that this is the country I live in.
Cross-posted from Michael Brull.
Update: And a week later (Thursday night, the decision was Friday last week), there have been no op-eds run in any paper. NIT, I've been told, will cover it. No one has seen anything significant in the decision. There were a few news stories – none of them describing the facts at the length given here – and I found one blog which discussed it (it's a blog devoted to casinos). No one has seen fit to analyse the decision, and the media doesn't care.
Update 2: The first op-ed I've found in several weeks to even mention the issue. It says an Aboriginal man ‘was killed' after five young white men went ‘hooning'. It mentions the white guys kicked and struck the victim whilst they were on the ground. This paragraph is the most that has yet been written by any commentator: no one, as yet, has deplored the judgement. Ms Hudson describes this case as ‘tragic', not outrageous.
Update 3: Chris Graham writes about the case in the latest NIT (‘Deep South justice in the Red Centre' May 13 2010). Graham is also very critical of Chief Justice Martin's comments, but largely takes up different points. Also, I noted in what I wrote that the words ‘exchanged' between the campers and the five white men were not recorded in the judgement. Graham writes: ‘The words that were “exchanged” are not mentioned in the summation. For the record, it was racial abuse. And for the record, it wasn't just by Kloeden.' I urge everyone to read the article (and I also recommend subscribing to NIT, which in my view is just about Australia's only paper worth reading).
This may be the end of the issue, unless we take it up. So, dear reader, now that you know the facts, what are you going to do about it?
The following is the first of three articles adapted from Andy Greenberg's This Machine Kills Secrets: How WikiLeakers, Cypherpunks, and Hacktivists Aim To Free the World's Information, out now from Dutton.
Logo of BalkanLeaks, a WikiLeaks “copycat”
Courtesy Balkanleaks.eu.
Atanas Tchobanov doesn't look much like Julian Assange. The smallish Bulgarian man has a shaved head, elfin ears, and a perpetual few days' growth of salt-and-pepper stubble. When we meet in front of the roaring Fontaine St. Michel in Paris in the summer of 2011, they wear a T-shirt promoting Bivol, the tiny news site that they co-founded, with its logo of a Bulgarian buffalo and its slogan in Cyrillic: “Horns ahead!”
But when we sit down at a café outside the Sorbonne University nearby, they flash an Assange-like impish smile, and for an Assange-like reason: Apart from their day job at Bivol, Tchobanov is the co-founder of BalkanLeaks, the closest thing Eastern Europe has to its very own WikiLeaks. And BalkanLeaks is on a roll.
“We just got two new leaks,” they say in an accent that has layers of French and Bulgarian. “And they're good ones.”
In the months leading up to our meeting, WikiLeaks's slow release of a quarter million secret State Department memos from around the world had inspired a sudden flood of copycats. I had set out to find out which ones could actually replicate and systematize WikiLeaks' work among the crowd of imitators: BaltiLeaks, BritiLeaks, BrusselsLeaks, Corporate Leaks, CrowdLeaks, EnviroLeaks, FrenchLeaks, GlobaLeaks, Indoleaks, IrishLeaks, IsraeliLeaks, Jumbo Leaks, KHLeaks, LeakyMails, Localeaks, MapleLeaks, MurdochLeaks, Office Leaks, Porn WikiLeaks, PinoyLeaks, PirateLeaks, QuebecLeaks, RuLeaks, ScienceLeaks, TradeLeaks, and UniLeaks, to name a few.
Mainstream media outlets like the Wall Street Journal, Al Jazeera, and Sweden's public radio service had set up their own experimental leak portals. Hackers within Anonymous launched HackerLeaks. The leaking scene had become so crowded that two environmentally focused sites, GreenLeaks.com and GreenLeaks.org, threatened legal action against each other over the rights to the name.
As Nation blogger Greg Mitchell noted, only one thing was missing from this newborn leaking movement: leaks.
Nearly all of the copycat sites were publishing little or nothing. Even WikiLeaks' own anonymous submission system had been shut down after the mutiny of several of the site's engineers. The newborn leaking movement had found itself in a drought. With one exception.
In December 2010, BalkanLeaks had come online, with a slogan across its masthead: “The Balkans aren't keeping secrets anymore.” When I checked out the site, I saw that it used the well-tested anonymity software called Tor for submissions, a rare sign of security smarts among the new crop of copycats. But otherwise it resembled all the other obscure and leakless WikiLeaks wannabes from Brussels to Jakarta.
Later that month, BalkanLeaks posted a Microsoft Word file with a note saying that the document had been submitted to the site's Tor server. It was an agreement from the Bulgarian Department of Energy outlining the construction of a nuclear power plant as a joint project of Russia and Bulgaria, with no clear evidence of corruption. Hardly the world's juiciest leak.
Just days later, another document appeared on the site, again obtained through Tor. This one was a letter from one prosecutor to another, including a list of 30 Bulgarian names, all the prosecutors and judges in the highest levels of the country's courts who were also Freemasons. “It is not illegal [to be a Freemason],” BalkanLeaks' note in Bulgarian posted with the document read. “But does their oath to protect the public interest take precedence over their oath to the ‘brotherhood'? Perhaps the chairperson of the Ethics Commission, Tsoni Tsonev, who is a member of the Masonic lodge, has an answer to this question.”
Bulgaria's contribution to the leaking movement was warming up.
The next leak came shortly after, and it was a whopper: 100 pages of documents. They represented the full transcript of hours upon hours of wiretaps in a bribery case against Bulgaria's former minister of defense, a judge, and the former secretary general of the Ministry of Public Finance. They contained frank discussions of how much every level of the judiciary demanded in bribes for various matters, so many hundreds of Bulgarian lev for this crime, so many thousands for this contract. “This is the first publication of the full texts of these recordings, which are a true guide to the methodology of bribery in the judiciary,” BalkanLeaks' representatives wrote.
The site had its first real scoop, and the lone Bulgarian trickle of leaks kept flowing. A few months later, the site published a Greek criminal complaint against a high-level Bulgarian prosecutor. Then transcribed, suppressed testimony of a witness saying that they had been pressured by a prosecutor to change their opinion in a Sofia real estate case. Then a list of the partial names and identification numbers of 37 previously unexposed ex-members of the Darzhavna Sigurnost, Bulgaria's brutal secret police during the country's Communist era. BalkanLeaks had arrived: a lone beacon of success in the leaking diaspora.
All of which is what brought me to a café outside the Sorbonne to meet this shorter, Slavic version of Julian Assange. Of the two leaks that Tchobanov has obtained just before our Paris meeting, one is disappointlingly tame: the budget for the national Bulgarian railways, showing that they're deeply in debt.
The other is significantly more interesting. It's the full transcript of the trial of Angel Donchev, a Bulgarian prosecutor who was recently found guilty of blackmailing another prosecutor, threatening them with a corruption investigation and a raid by the dreaded antimafia police known as the “berets.”
“Juicy stuff,” says Tchobanov with a tilt of their head and a giggle.
And how did BalkanLeaks succeed where the rest of the WikiLeak-alikes failed? Partly, perhaps, through Tchobanov's sterling reputation in Bulgaria, as well as that of their in-country partner, Assen Yordanov. Both BalkanLeakers are seen as incorruptible reporters in a country where most are either “scared or bought,” as Tchobanov puts it. Bulgaria languishes near the bottom of Reporters Without Borders' press freedom list among EU countries, and has a long tradition of violence against journalists, from the Ricin-tipped umbrella that poisoned Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov in 1978 to the fatal shooting of mafia-focused reporter Bobi Tsankov in 2010.
But Tchobanov attributes the leak site's rare success to its religious adherence to strong anonymity—the same faceless online whistleblowing used by WikiLeaks to lend new courage to leakers. No submissions are accepted via e-mail, Facebook messages, or the chat protocol IRC; they are accepted only through its cryptographically anonymous Tor server, which requires leakers to run the Tor anonymity software to upload documents. “Tor is not friendly,” says Tchobanov. “We wrote a detailed explanation of how to install it, how to connect, and so on. But it's something pedagogical. We have to teach people to use anonymity, force them to use it.”
They admit that the system's inflexibility has likely turned some leakers away. “In the end, we chose less usability and more anonymity. And it worked. We got submissions. In the long run, it pays to have that confidence. We became trusted because we don't give away our sources. Because we don't even know who they are.”
Next: The story of BalkanLeaks' founding, and how it got onto the trail of the biggest scoop in Bulgarian politics.
Article / January 6, 2016 / Project number: 15-0015
Ottawa, Ontario — The Department of National Defence (DND) maintains approximately 21,000 buildings; 2.25 million hectares of land (almost four times the landmass of Prince Edward Island); 5,500 kilometres of roads (roughly the distance between Calgary and Halifax); and 3,000 kilometres of water, storm, and sewer pipes (roughly the distance between Ottawa and Saskatoon).
There are also various barracks, hangars, airfields, and ports on its Royal Canadian Navy, Canadian Army and Royal Canadian Air Force bases and wings across the nation. In addition, the Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) maintains more than 100 Reserve Force armouries, usually found not on bases but in civilian communities.
That's approximately $26 billion in real property assets. The term “real property” in this context can be defined as the buildings and other structures and the land upon which they are built.
DND is in the process of restructuring how these assets are managed in order to continue to deliver infrastructure, environment programs and services consistent with industry best practices – all while providing the best value for money for Canadians and supporting other Canadian Armed Forces and federal government transformation initiatives.
That real property portfolio will soon become the responsibility of a single entity: Assistant Deputy Minister (Infrastructure and Environment), or ADM(IE) for short, at Department of National Defence Headquarters (NDHQ) in Ottawa.
Prior to this centralization initiative, assets were managed by nine separate custodians, which oversaw maintenance, improvement and capital construction for their real property. In general, maintenance and small betterment funding was received from the Deputy Minister and dispensed according to the individual custodians' priorities.
The centralization process began in April 2014. A year later, the number of custodians was reduced to four after bases and armouries in British Columbia; the far North; Halifax, Nova Scotia; and the National Capital Region and Borden, in Ontario, were transferred to ADM(IE) . Transfer of the remaining bases is on track for completion by March 31, 2016.
A plan into action: Five new blended regions established
“ In the future, when it's all under ADM(IE) , there will no longer be environmental affiliations [with the Navy, Army or Air Force], ” explained Major Irv Marucelj of the Director of the Army Staff. “ There will simply be five regions: Pacific, West, Ontario, Quebec and Atlantic, as well as two detachments: North, and Central/National Capital Region. ”
“In the future, when it's all under ADM(IE) , there will no longer be environmental affiliations [with the Navy, Army or Air Force]. There will simply be five regions: Pacific, West, Ontario, Quebec and Atlantic, as well as two detachments: North, and Central/National Capital Region.” Major Irv Marucelj of the Director of the Army Staff
The Army chain of command will continue to have valued input into ADM(IE) 's plan.
“ Each region and base will have an engineer in charge who will work with the local commanders to address their real property requirements, ” said Maj Marucelj.
A governance structure has been created that will allow commanders at all levels of the organization to voice their operational requirements, in order to ensure the real property portfolio is capable of enabling the success of the Canada First Defence Strategy.
Using a life cycle management approach, the goal is to build and manage an affordable, integrated DND real property portfolio, as well as to deliver top quality services designed to support the Canadian Armed Forces while promoting environmental sustainability.
Pre-centralization efforts by the Canadian Army to optimize real property use
As the wider DND centralization initiative was getting underway, the Canadian Army was launching similar initiatives of its own: one to pare down surplus capacity in the real property portfolio and another to ensure existing facilities and new construction are utilized to the fullest extent.
Before the reorganization, the Army had by far the lion's share of these holdings – not surprising considering the colossal size of the Canadian landmass. Finding the best way to manage this vast array of assets effectively and efficiently is a challenge that is always a work in progress.
The Infrastructure Divestment Plan is an Army-wide, multi-year plan to demolish or otherwise divest real property that is no longer in use and that is a recurring expense. DND has been extremely supportive of the plan, implemented in Fiscal Year 2013/2014, dedicating additional funds on an annual basis against this task.
While the divestment plan reduces unused space, another Army initiative, the Infrastructure Optimization Directive, ensures optimal use of existing facilities and new construction. This directive not only implements modern workplace standards but also promotes the sharing of under-utilized assets in the DND portfolio.
Military requirements, both in terms of access and capacity, will be met through a number of optimization exercises. These changes will help the CAF find efficiencies and increase collaboration across the country to better manage its real property.
By Lynn Capuano and Steven Fouchard, Army Public Affairs
"We are thrilled to offer Cardinals fans, and all guests to Busch Stadium, the ability to connect to free WiFi throughout the stadium," said Perry Yee, Director of Information Technology. "The free WiFi system will improve the fan experience around the ballpark and give fans a greater opportunity to share their experiences and keep up on all things baseball while attending a Cardinals game."
The Cardinals announced today that the public facing WiFi system at Busch Stadium that was recently installed during the off-season has been activated. The club is encouraging fans attending games to log on to the 'CardinalsWiFi' service set identifier (SSID) being broadcast throughout the ballpark.
The Cardinals announced today that the public facing WiFi system at Busch Stadium that was recently installed during the off-season has been activated. The club is encouraging fans attending games to log on to the 'CardinalsWiFi' service set identifier (SSID) being broadcast throughout the ballpark.
"We are thrilled to offer Cardinals fans, and all guests to Busch Stadium, the ability to connect to free WiFi throughout the stadium," said Perry Yee, Director of Information Technology. "The free WiFi system will improve the fan experience around the ballpark and give fans a greater opportunity to share their experiences and keep up on all things baseball while attending a Cardinals game."
Connecting to the WiFi system is as simple as selecting the 'CardinalsWiFi' option from the available networks on your mobile device. Once selected, fans will be asked to provide the name of their cellular carrier and agree to terms and conditions before their device is authenticated to access the WiFi network.
The effort to equip Busch Stadium with WiFi throughout the stadium is part of Major League Baseball Advanced Media's (MLBAM) $300 million, multi-year plan to bring WiFi and improved cellular connectivity to every major league ballpark. Busch Stadium is the largest installation of all the MLBAM WiFi projects to date. Over 740 WiFi access points were installed to accommodate fans in all locations of the stadium including the AT&T Rooftop, Budweiser Brewhouse rooftop deck and, soon, the Busch II Infield at Ballpark Village.
As part of the WiFi installation, the equivalent of 30 miles of Cat6a Ethernet cabling, 11 miles of 6-strand fiber optic cabling and two miles of conduit were laid. The installation project took more than 10,000 man hours to complete.
Members of a mostly African-American book club booted from the Napa Valley Wine Train in August after they were accused of being loud and boisterous sued the train's owners for racial discrimination Thursday, charging they were humiliated in front of other passengers and defamed on social media.
Two of the 11 women said the ordeal caused them to lose their jobs.
“Blacks are still being treated differently in America,” attorney Waukeen McCoy said at a news conference announcing the lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Francisco. It seeks $11 million in damages, $1 million for each of the plaintiffs — 10 African-Americans and one white woman.
The company said in a statement that it takes allegations of discrimination very seriously and has hired a former FBI agent to investigate.
The lawsuit also claims the women were defamed by a company statement saying they were verbally and physically abusive.
Lisa Renee Johnson, a book club member and an author who documented the afternoon on their Facebook page, told The Napa Valley Register that the maître d' delivered a number of warnings to the group, threatening to eject them from the train if they did not bring their noise level down. According to Johnson, when they asked who was complaining, the maître d' said, “Well, people's faces are uncomfortable.”
The company issued an apology after the women were ejected, promising additional training for employees on cultural diversity and sensitivity and free passes for a future trip on the tourist-oriented rail attraction.
Their removal led to discussion online under the hashtag #LaughingWhileBlack. The women wore black buttons with the hashtag at Thursday's news conference.
Linda Carlson, the only white woman in the group, said that if all the women had been white, their actions would not have been an issue.
Al Jazeera and The Associated Press
The federal Liberal government has introduced legislation that will turn into law the informal ban on crude oil tanker traffic off B.C.'s North Coast.
Transportation Minister Marc Garneau tabled the legislation in Parliament on Friday, delivering on a promise made by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in November.
The act introduced in parliament would prohibit oil tankers from carrying crude and persistent oils as cargo from stopping, loading or unloading at ports or marine installations in northern B.C.
The moratorium area would extend from B.C.'s northern border with the U.S down to the mainland adjacent to the northern tip of Vancouver Island, including Haida Gwaii.
Vessels carrying less than 12,500 metric tonnes of crude or persistent oil will be permitted in the moratorium area to deliver shipments to northern communities.
The legislation proposes that penalties for defying the moratorium reach up to $5 million.
"The Government of Canada is committed to demonstrating a clean environment and a strong economy can go hand-in-hand," Garneau wrote in a release.
"Tabling this legislation is another step towards fulfilling our promise to formalize the tanker moratorium on British Columbia's North Coast."
The proposed act is part of the Liberal government's $1.5 billion Oceans Protection Plan announced in November.
We are seeing it happen again: One Nation is outpolling the Greens, according to the latest Newspoll. Not only this, but they are outpolling the Greens by their widest margin yet. Yes, this is the same One Nation of that is chastised for possible electoral fraud. The same One Nation that is being investigated by the Australian Electoral Commission for not declaring donations made to it. The same One Nation whose candidates and representatives consistently distorts the truth, and merely only pretend to stand up for everyday Australians. The Greens, by contrast, are almost perfectly and seemingly clean; at least on the surface, anyway. So much so they go to great lengths to ensure that they can't possibly be portrayed in a negative light in a way that they can't defend their way out of - to the point that they'll even water down potentially controversial (read: radical) platform positions to avoid negative media attention. Yes, One Nation, the Russel Coight of Australian politics, the party where "if something can go wrong with it, it will"; is outpolling the Greens (sorry, I don't have a suitable analogy here); a party that goes to great lengths to keep out of any sort of trouble. What is the lesson that could be learned here for the Greens? Well, I'm definitely not saying that Richard Di Natale should start accepting donations without declaring them to the AEC, or start colluding with their Chief of Staff to start committing electoral fraud; but there is definitely a school of thought that is building among some sections of the party that it should eschew its desire for being 'clean at all costs', and its desire for being a party of Government. A 'rough around the edges' style works to draw an audience; the type of person who 'tells it like it is' without the politispeak. It works because such a style is authentic and has an incredible amount of pulling power, and it also draws media attention and coverage. Such people are generally blunt and to the point, aren't afraid to employ a bit of colourful language on occasion, nor are they afraid of pulling a stunt or two, to prove a point. This is exactly why people like Scott Ludlam, and New South Wales Greens State MP Jeremy Buckingham, are incredibly popular both within and outside of their electorates, and is exactly why the Greens should be rougher around the edges by preselecting candidates who can be considered everyday people, and ditching its overall 'clean at all costs' attitude. The second problem concerns watering down the messaging to the point of playing small target politics. The whole idea behind watering down their messaging to seem less radical, on the surface, is to avoid negative media coverage that portrays the party as a bunch of ideologues - but the media do this anyway so there really is no reason why the party couldn't explicitly campaign on a socialist platform, and dropping the social liberal shtick. The real reason behind the watering down of the message is so that it can draw voters away from the Liberal Party in the wealthy, blue-ribbon electorates in the inner east of Melbourne (such as Higgins). This strategy, however, has mixed success, and comes at a cost of alienating the greater number of working class people looking for alternatives to the Labor Party: people, who may otherwise be drawn to the Greens pushing a more radical platform, turning to far right populist parties because the former is failing to be a genuine and authentic alternative to the business as usual consensus by not pushing a more radical platform. It has been shown around the world that people prefer left-wing parties and candidates that put out radical, anti-establishment platforms that focus on economic and social inequality (as opposed to the 'culture wars' and identity politics), but such a party or candidate has to exist. If such a party or candidate doesn't exist, people will go to whichever parties or candidates are giving lip-service, anything or anyone that doesn't represent the establishment; those parties on the far right such as One Nation. The solution for the Greens is simple: they need to take lessons from the likes of Bernie Sanders and Jeremy Corbyn and become that left-wing alternative that people are screaming for and eschew its desire to be in the much-loathed establishment, or the party will fade into irrelevance. Many rank-and-file members of the party know what's at stake, but the hierarchy of the party needs to get on board as well. Otherwise, the party will continue to stagnate and will decline, and something else will eventually come forward and take its place. However, for the Greens, trending internal attitudes, style, and culture, that needs to be reversed, may already be too far entrenched to be reversed. About the author: Matt Hrkac is a writer and activist based in Geelong who regularly contributes to Green Left Weekly. They have particular interests in politics, elections and the trade union movement and has had extensive involvement in a number of local campaigns.  They are a former member of the Greens.
This conversation between Dr. Murray Howe and Wayne Gretzky, a close friend of Gordie Howe and the Howe family, took place in October as a precursor to the release of Howe's new book, Nine Lessons I Learned from My Father. This edited transcript was provided to Maclean's by Penguin Random House Canada.
Wayne Gretzky: I've said this many times: I was a huge fan of your dad's when I was growing up, and I still am. One of the things I remember most is that even though they were a hero to me, when I met them they were even more impressive than I expected. You saw them almost every day as a kid, and know them about as well as anyone in the world. What did you see that others never would?
Murray Howe: I would like to preface this first answer by saying that I am just as honoured to be fielding nine questions from you, Wayne, as I was to write Nine Lessons I Learned from My Father. Admittedly, I was relieved to see that you chose nine questions instead of 99.
What did I see that others never would? Their children were their greatest pride and joy. I was lucky to see that from the vantage point of a little boy. Dad could scare grown men, but they were endlessly, tirelessly playful. They loved to roughhouse, and by no means did they “baby” us.
One of my most indelible memories happened after tagging along with Dad to Olympia for the Red Wings' practice. I was about five, and had the hallowed Wings ice surface all to myself while the players suited up. I was having a blast flying around the rink, the imaginary packed house cheering me on as I bobbed and weaved past invisible defencemen. Suddenly, my skates flew out from underneath me as if whacked by an invisible stick.
I heard a laugh echoing from the far end of the rink, and there was my dad, arms raised overhead in the gesture any hockey fan knows means “GOAL!” They had stepped onto the far end of the rink, still in their dress clothes, and fired a blistering wrist-shot that hit my skates mid-stride. Only Mr. Hockey could do that on the first try! I might be the only kid in history who enjoyed being knocked on their keister by their dad.
Gretzky: People think of Gordie Howe as the greatest hockey player in the world, but you and I both know them as a hockey dad, too. I remember meeting them when your brothers were in town playing the Brantford Majors, and I remember seeing them in the stands in Toronto when you and I were playing Junior B. Both times they were sitting with the other parents, signing a few autographs, but definitely not on some kind of pedestal. Just another proud father. Do you have any stories about Gordie Howe's career as a hockey dad?
Howe: One of the best lessons Dad taught me was how to be a good hockey parent. They never pushed me to play. After each game he'd ask me, “Did you have fun?” They didn't point out my mistakes or my teammates'. Instead, he'd identify at least one thing that I did well. Then he'd buy me ice cream. In addition, both they and Mom regularly reminded us that if it wasn't fun, we should do something else; life was too short. Dad also never said a word while they were in the stands. Never shouted “Go get ‘em!” or “Shoot!” They let us play our game, and allowed the coach to do their job. Once, when they and I witnessed an overly zealous parent screaming at a child on the ice, Dad turned to me and said, “You know, my dad didn't ever see me play hockey until I'd been with the Wings for many years. I played because it was fun, not because my parents wanted me to. If a parent wants to help their kid be a better hockey player, they don't need to coach him. All they need to do is let them know he's proud of him.”
Gretzky: I feel lucky that my whole family got to know your father over the years. Whenever I ran into him, the first thing they would ask was, “How are your mom and dad?” It meant a lot to me that someone I idolized, and who my dad idolized, treated us with so much respect. Who did your dad look up to?
Howe: Dad looked up to their own brother Vern, who played hockey for the Canadian Army team, their brother Norm, who was a talented goalie, and also the many pros who made it to the big leagues from Saskatoon. One that stood out for Dad was Ab Welsh. Ab was a neighbour who played on Saskatoon's semi-pro team. My dad would wait outside the arena hoping to carry in the skates for a player, as this was the only way for them to get into the game. They had no money for a ticket. Skates were so valuable that the players carried them separately from their hockey bag so that they wouldn't get stolen. By the way, another Saskatchewan player who let my dad carry their skates was Sid Abel!
Another hero that stood out in Dad's mind was Harry Watson, an NHLer who played for the Canadian Armed Services team during WWII (when the NHL was on hiatus). The team traveled around Canada playing exhibition games. When Dad was 14, they were asked to play on an “all-star” youth team that played against Mr. Watson's team. Dad played like a boy possessed. The young Saskatoon team gave the armed forces team a run for their money. After the game, Harry Watson skated over to my dad. “How old are you, son?” they asked. My dad told him, and Mr. Watson said, “Well, I guess we'll see you in the NHL!” Four years later Dad squared off against them at Olympia Stadium, and Harry winked at them and said, “I told you I'd see you here!” My dad cherished the moment so much that, often when they signed autographs for young hockey players, they honoured Harry Watson by signing “See you in the NHL.”
Probably Dad's biggest hero and inspiration was their own mother, Katherine. They were incredibly strong physically, emotionally, and spiritually. They were unwaveringly positive, kind, generous, patient, and compassionate. The Gordie Howe we all know and love off the ice, that was a mirror image of my grandma.
Gretzky: When I was a kid my family sat down to dinner at 5:30 every night, when my dad got home from work. Things are pretty much the same in our house now. Family and friends mean everything to us, and I know it was the same with your parents. But spending time together as a family just gets harder as the world gets faster. What do you think your dad would say to families that don't sit down to eat together because they're too busy or too distracted?
Howe: He'd say, “Where's the fire?” Then he'd laugh. Then he'd help them set the table, but they wouldn't sit down until everyone else was seated. Then he'd explain to them that nothing is more important than family, and the two best opportunities each day to connect with your loved ones are over a meal, be it breakfast, lunch, or dinner, or at bedtime. He'd tell them that if you blink, someone you love might be gone, and you won't have that chance to say what you needed to say to them. Then he'd tell them a funny hockey story, and end their visit by cleaning up their kitchen.
Gretzky: Murray, you're a doctor. If you came across Gordie Howe's X-rays, not knowing they belonged to your dad, what conclusions would you draw about the patient?
Howe: Great question, Wayne! I've seen Dad's X-rays, CAT scans, and MRIs, and examined them extensively. He's a medical phenomenon, that's for sure. What is immediately obvious when reviewing their wrist and elbow X-rays is that this was a man who sustained unusual, high-energy trauma, such as is seen in a UFC fighter. Furthermore, the disorganized, chronically fragmented nature of the fracture deformities indicates that this person either could not feel pain, or had an incomprehensibly high pain threshold. If an X-ray like this came across my computer workstation I'd call my colleagues over to take a look, because the findings are so extreme. The fact that they played the last seven years of their professional hockey career with such injuries defies comprehension.
Gretzky: You say a couple of times in the book that part of what made your dad who they were come from growing up in the Depression. What do you think people today could learn from that generation?
Howe: Dad taught the Howe kids that people, not things, matter. That having too much isn't a good thing. That what makes you rich are your connections with others, being able to help your family, friends, and neighbours. And spend time with them. This is what life is all about. During the Depression, communities pulled together to help one another. They depended upon one another. Everyone had a purpose, and felt a sense of responsibility to each other. Everyone learned to be resourceful, and nothing was taken for granted. This sense of community, of responsibility, and gratitude, this is what we need to cultivate in future generations to improve their quality of life.
Gretzky: Murray, we played on a line together for a while in Junior B, so we both know a bit about the ways players get along on a team. You and your brothers often call your dad by their first name. Can you tell me why that is?
Howe: Wayne, I will always treasure the thrill of playing as your line-mate, and of scoring my first Junior B goal off of your perfectly executed pass! Sadly, that was also one of my last goals as well. Sometimes having the name “Howe” just isn't enough. I was lacking that other essential ingredient: talent!
In any case, to answer your question, Dad was conditioned to respond to the name “Gordie” on the ice, and not to the name “Dad.” My brothers Mark and Marty both played with them in the WHA and the NHL so they called them “Gordie” on the ice. I believe it was only after Dad specifically asked them to do so. On the other hand, since I didn't play alongside them professionally, I was not invited to call them “Gordie.” I tried it once when I was about 13, just to be funny, but the look they gave me made it abundantly clear that I had just overstepped my boundaries. I never did it again.
Gretzky: One thing that really comes through in the book is that your dad helped a lot of people over the years. What do you think motivated him?
Howe: I think it was gratitude, pure and simple. They were so thankful for their parents, their siblings, their friends, their neighbours, their teachers, their coaches, their teammates, and the fans, for helping them to fulfill their dream of playing pro hockey. Their singular mission, perhaps, was to “pay it forward” to everyone they met.
Gretzky: It was a privilege to be at your father's funeral and to be with your family. I think what overwhelmed me most was the visitation the day before. The line went on for hours. There were people there from France and from Russia, and Canadians from coast to coast. And yet, you tell a funny story in the book about someone who didn't even know who Gordie Howe was. If you could say just one thing about your dad to someone who knew nothing about him, what would it be?
Howe: The fact that you, your wife Janet, and your father Walter were there, and you spent essentially two entire days with our family, spoke volumes, and our family will never forget your kindness, along with the kindness of so many others.
To answer your question, I would say that this is a guy who has been on the cover of Sports Illustrated I don't know how many times, dominated their sport for the better part of six decades, and is arguably one of the greatest athletes of all time. Yet, they would literally shovel your driveway, carry a stranger's groceries, or help the wait staff fold chairs after a gala. They had a reputation for not taking any guff, but they would do anything for a friend, and they considered just about everyone in the world a friend. They had an unfathomable capacity to care about other people, and I don't think there were many who met them that weren't changed by it in some way.
WATCH MORE: Ken Dryden on how Gary Bettman can help fix hockey
MORE ABOUT GORDIE HOWE:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday their party would not support a short-term funding bill being brought up for a vote later in the day because it did not include any key Democratic priorities.
Pelosi said Democrats were seeking funding for fighting opioid addiction, veterans, the children's health program, community health centers, disaster funding and a solution for young undocumented immigrants to the United States.
Them statement suggested Republicans would have to find the votes they need to pass the bill among their own members. If a short-term funding measure is not approved by the Republican-led Congress and signed by Republican President Donald Trump, all but the most essential parts of the federal government will shut down.
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi told a news briefing that "Democrats are not willing to shut government down," but they also said their members "will not leave here (for the holidays) without a ... fix" to the problem of illegal immigrants who arrived in the United States as children, who are sometimes referred to as "Dreamers."
Pelosi said the temporary spending measure before the House on Thursday was a "waste of time."
"It has nothing about (the) opioid epidemic. There's nothing about veterans' funding, nothing about CHIP-- CHIP -- children's health insurance, community health centers, nothing about, well, the DREAM Act, among other things," they said.
The short-term spending bill does provide some short-term help for states that are running out of money to finance the children's health insurance program for lower-income children, but it stops short of renewing the program, which Congress allowed to expire at the end of September.
Pelosi, discussing the immigration issue, said Democrats were willing to accept new funding for border security, but not for a border wall.
"We're not going to turn this country into a reign of terror of domestic enforcement and have the Dreamers pay that price," they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans have a majority in both the House and Senate. But they will need some Democratic support to get the temporary spending bill past Senate procedural hurdles that require 60 votes, since there are only 52 Republicans in the 100-member chamber.
Danielle Haim, left, and their sister Este of the band HAIM perform together during day one of the 2014 Coachella Music and Arts Festival on Friday, April 11, 2014, in Indio, California.
Activision, keeping up its steady drumbeat of new track announcements for its "Guitar Hero Live" game, today dropped the latest list of songs that will debut with the game when it hits store shelves Oct. 20.
This week's tracklist includes songs from Florida fuzz-pop band Surfer Blood, L.A. rock sisters Haim and Gerard Way, the former lead singer for My Chemical Romance, among others. This week's announcement tips the total songlist for Guitar Hero Live over the 100 mark. Activision has been releasing new setlists every few weeks since announcing the game back in May.
'Guitar Hero' and 'Rock Band' Game Poised for a Comeback -- But Can the Faded Brands Be Revived?
The Santa Monica, Calif., game publisher said it plans to push out more songs in the weeks ahead, ensuring a string of continued headlines leading up to the game's launch in six weeks.
It's also likely that Activision will keep adding fresh tracks even after the game is released. In an interview with Billboard earlier this year, the company's Senior Director of Product Management Tyler Michaud, hinted at the ability to use the game's GHTV Premium Shows channel as a near up-to-the-minute platform for labels and artists to debut singles to promote their albums.
"We feel there is especially huge potential for partnerships with artists for GHTV's Premium Shows, which can include anything from playable concert footage to new artist or music video debuts and beyond," Michaud said. "Let's say an artist wants to drop a music video with their latest single. [We] can take that track, mark it up in the note highway and have it playable in an incredibly short timeframe. That flexibility will allow us to really tap into the potential for partnerships."
'Guitar Hero Live' to Relaunch With Interactive Channel, Realistic Controller
That said, here is the latest -- but by no means last -- addition to the "Guitar Hero Live" tracklist:
1. Pearl Jam -- "Sirens"
2. Surfer Blood -- "Demon Dance"
3. Gerard Way -- "No Shows"
4. Orianthi -- "According to You"
5. Haim -- "The Wire"
6. Tonight Alive -- "The Ocean"
7. Lamb of God -- "Ghost Walking"
8. 36 Crazyfists -- "Also Am I"
9. Wavves -- "Demon to Lean On"
10. Passenger -- "Let Them Go"
To see the full list, go here.
RYE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Towering poles topped with cellphone booster equipment are now lining the streets of some Westchester County and Long Island neighborhoods – and some are calling them an eyesore.
But as CBS2's Lou Young reported, even more of the poles are expected to be installed.
The new cellphone equipment is invading Rye. Some towers already have been attached onto and above existing utility poles, and dozens in total are proposed in Rye alone.
Opponents fear it is just the start.
“The 64 coming in would be Verizon nodes, but other carriers and infrastructure builders can come in and do exactly the same thing,” said Joshua Cohn of Rye.
The mayor said the fact is that upgrades for cellphone networks are necessary.
“We all have (cellphones). We all use them,” said Rye Mayor Joe Sack. “And as a result, the wireless providers have to upgrade their network.”
But while there are only 10 of the new units in Rye now, the sudden expansion proposal has stiffened opposition. Neighbors say they are not only big, but in the summer, internal cooling fans make them noisy as well.
“Walking the dog, I can hear it. It's like a low whirring sound,” said Madeline Peron of Rye.
Other communities are already reacting to the arrival of cellphone equipment. In Huntington, Long Island, 166 poles were recently approved and went up – much to the shock of those living nearby.
Jodi Abraham awoke this week to a new pole with a booster box and converters pointed right at their Huntington home.
“This is new technology, we're not sure, like most people we don't know the health effects of it,” they told CBS2's Jennifer McLogan.
Them husband Peter wants nothing to do with the new installations.
“I don't want it on my property,” they said. “And I don't want it adjacent to my property and my children.”
The Abrahams and their neighbors claim no one with Town of Huntington alerted the community that it was entering an agreement with a giant telecommunications company.
Peter demands to know how permits were passed and why residents weren't previously told about it.
A public hearing called Crown Castle Presentation was held in July. As CBS2's McLogan reported, few in the community knew it was a company seeking to rent space on the poles to multiple cellphone providers.
The township claims they have limited authority, and the antennas pass government health and safety testing.
Huntington town spokesperson A.J. Carter tells CBS2 that Crown Castle told the town that the equipment is designed to fill in gaps in cell phone service.
They claim the initiative is not a money making venture for the town.
CBS2 reports that Huntington stands to make about $230,000 in permit fees, along with 5 percent of future monthly gross revenue for 10 years for equipment placed in right-of-ways.
“It feels like the town can do whatever it wants,” said Jodi.
Back in Rye, opponents are petitioning their city council to keep the cell equipment on public property and out of residential neighborhoods.
Mayor Sack insists the equipment is safe despite the lack of aesthetic appeal.
“Telephone poles are not pretty objects, OK?” they said. “And when you put one of these antennas on top of one, they kind of blend in, you know, with the preexisting ugliness.”
Texas-based Crown Castle is trying to secure the utility pole leases for Westchester and Long Island, as well as for New York City.
Multiple calls to the telecom company have not been returned.
Tony Perkins, president of the Christian conservative Family Research Council (FRC), claims in a fundrasing email that the “radical homosexual lobby” is out to destroy American democracy.
FRC is set to host this weekend's Values Voter Summit. The annual conference mixes GOP elected officials and presidential hopefuls with Religious Right leaders.
In an email soliciting donations for its Campaign for the American Family, Perkins lamented the high cost of protecting America's “foundation” from “far Left activists and the radical homosexual lobby.”
“Unlike the government, we can't raise taxes or levy fees. No, FRC is solely dependent on the generous donations of friends. Period,” Perkins said in the email.
“But it's about more than budgets. American democracy simply cannot survive – and certainly not thrive – unless Judeo-Christian values are allowed to flourish in the hearts and lives of American families.”
“We cannot let that foundation be crushed by far Left activists and the radical homosexual lobby. We must stand up for what is right and good, no matter the cost.”
They concluded: “Standing tall – representing your values, protecting your religious freedom – is a costly effort that requires your financial support.”
Fedora is a big project, and it's hard to keep up with it all. This series highlights interesting happenings in five different areas every week. It isn't comprehensive news coverage — just quick summaries with links to each. Here are the five things for October 3rd, 2014:
Shellshock (CVE-2014-6271/CVE-2014-7169) followup
Hopefully this is the last word on this (knock on wood), but there are a few tidbits to note. First, the Fedora Docker images on the Docker hub have all been updated, from the base image to all of the pre-made specific images including Node.js, OwnCloud, MariaDB, and so on. Second, we have awarded an electrifying new badge to the dozens of people who helped us get the update out. Thanks to all of you!
If you missed it but are still curious, see all of our coverage on Fedora Magazine under the shellshock tag.
Important Fedora governance discussion
In the months leading up to Flock, at Flock, and after, the Fedora Project board and interested community members have been talking about a new top-level governance model for the project. This is intended to provide more clear project-level communication, increase meritocratic representation of people directly involved in the project, and set up a framework for more efficient use of our limited resources for the most impact.
The new body, which we are calling the Fedora Council, will replace the Fedora board as flight attendants of the Fedora mission and our shared core values. This is important to everyone involved in the project — end users and all contributors to all aspects of Fedora, at any level. Take a look at the (in-progress and evolving) draft charter, and join the conversation on the public board-discuss mailing list.
Finalizing Flock locations
As mentioned last week, we have four bids for 2015's Flock conference in North America. Flock organizer Ruth Suehle recently announced a call for input on the proposals Your response would be very helpful, if you're thinking of attending — and if you're a Fedora contributor or want to become one, I hope to see you there next summer!
Fedora Calendar upgrade
A few months ago, I wrote about Fedora's calendaring system, Fedocal. Among other things like scheduling team meetings, contributors use it to note their vacations, so the rest of us can coordinate around that. There have been some complaints that this ends up being harder to read than the old wiki-page solution, but this week, Fedocal developer Pierre-Yves Chibon announced a new version which includes a list view which addresses that. It's in “staging” now (that is, on a test server), but will go into production use soon. Testing is welcome on the staging instance.
Fedora 21 progress
The Fedora Alpha was released last week, and we're in the process of evaluating the test criteria for the Beta release scheduled for October 28th, and fixing corresponding bugs. If you're interested in helping, join the QA team, or simply participate in a Test Day. (If you haven't before, it's easy. Read Amita Sharma's article on what it's like to get a feel, or just jump in.)
Also, please keep in mind that Fedora release days are targets, not deadlines — we aim for them, but our releases come out only when we meet our criteria for quality. We hope that there won't be any more schedule slips, but when that happens, it's just part of the process, not some sort of failure.
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
WordPress Bulletproof Security Plugin Multiple Cross Site Scripting Vulnerabilities
*Product: Bulletproof SecurityExploit Author: Sachin WaghAffected Version: 0.53.2* *Fixed Version:** 0.53.3 * (http://forum.ait-pro.com/forums/topic/bps-changelog/ <http://forum.ait-pro.com/forums/topic/bps-changelog/>) *Home page Link: https://wordpress.org/plugins/bulletproof-security/ <https://wordpress.org/plugins/bulletproof-security/>* *Detail:* The Bulletproof Security plugin for WordPress is prone to a multiple cross-site scripting vulnerabilities because it fails to sufficiently sanitize user-supplied input. An attacker may leverage this issues to execute arbitrary script code in the browser of an unsuspecting user in the context of the affected site. This may allow the attacker to steal cookie-based authentication credentials and to launch other attacks. *Vulnerable Product:* [+] Bulletproof Security 0.53.2 *Vulnerable Parameter(s) : * [+] bulletproof_security_options_email[bps_send_email_cc] [+] bulletproof_security_options_email[bps_send_email_bcc] *Affected Area(s): * [+] http://localhost/wordpress-4.4/wordpress/wpadmin/admin.php?page=bulletproof-security%2Fadmin%2Flogin%2Flogin.php *Credit:* Sachin Wagh (@tiger_tigerboy) _______________________________________________ Sent through the Full Disclosure mailing list https://nmap.org/mail carrier/listinfo/fulldisclosure Web Archives & RSS: http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/
By Date By Thread
Current thread:
8 years ago
Washington (CNN) - The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee launched a new ad and fundraising campaign Thursday targeting 44 House Republicans over their party's stance on Medicare and raising the debt ceiling.
The efforts, titled "Accountability August," are the latest steps taken as part of the committee's "Drive for 25" campaign to win control of the House in 2012.
Radio ads will run in House districts during August that the DCCC deem vulnerable in the next election. Congress adjourned this week after passing legislation to raise the debt ceiling that drew fire on both sides of the aisle.
"Congressman ______ voted to end Medicare forcing seniors to pay more to protect tax breaks for Big Oil and millionaires," the ad says. "Tell ____ stop choosing millionaires over seniors."
The ramped up campaign efforts, including billboards, door-to-door canvassing, phone banks and automated calls, will criticize 44 Republicans over their votes in support of House Budget Committee Chairman Rep. Paul Ryan's plan that included changes to Medicare and the refusal of House Republicans to consider increasing taxes on the wealthy as part of an agreement to raise the U.S. borrowing limit.
DCCC Chairman Rep. Steve Israel said Republicans "will have to explain to their constituents why they voted to end Medicare three times and raise seniors' health care costs."
"House Republicans' priorities are clear – they have repeatedly chosen Millionaires and Big Oil over Medicare and voters are holding them accountable for it," Israel, D-New York, said in a statement.
Paul Lindsay, Communications Director for the National Republican Congressional Committee, said Democrats are ignoring "the economic crisis they helped create."
"House Democrats can't talk about their agenda that is destroying jobs, so they are relegated to repeating the same pathetic demagoguery to distract from their plan to bankrupt Medicare," Lindsay said. "It's a worn out page from their political playbook that ignores the economic crisis they helped create."
Christmas just became even more delicious. I now know that there is nothing better than a glass of IPA and crackers with blueberry beer jelly!
This last year my wife, kids and I moved from eastern Canada to western Canada. Santa did some sleuthing and discovered my aches for special things that are hard to find on this end of the country. Quebec barely exists over here, so the opportunity to take part in some francophone tasties is very much appreciated. No one does food like Quebec.
But that's not all! I am blown away by the generosity of my Santa. Not only did they send this big bottle of awesome beer and the tasty jelly, but they also sent me a gift code to pick up something to read from Amazon.
Thank you so much, LeBreadman! Merry Christmas!
Atlantic Canadians are enjoying a unique glimpse of some of the region's best-known sites from Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.
Hadfield is aboard the International Space Station — which they will take over command of in March — where they are becoming a social media sensation between the array of photographs he's posting daily and their Twitter exchanges with television stars.
Hadfield has been keeping in frequent contact with their Twitter followers, which now number more than 124,000 up from roughly 37,000 on Jan. 1.
Hadfield, 53, arrived on the International Space Station before Christmas and is scheduled to remain orbiting the Earth until May.
Many of the images coming from space via their @Cmdr_Hadfield account are showing a typical Atlantic Canadian reality: snow and cold.
In one image of northeastern New Brunswick, Hadfield described the Bay of Chaleur as, "The name means 'bay of warmth', but the fingers of ice disagree."
Hadfield also took a picture of Saint John on Jan. 2 and described New Brunswick's largest city as "beautiful in the sunlit snow."
Canada's astronaut on the International Space Station has not only been interacting with people on Twitter, they also took time out of their schedule to speak with Nova Scotia students on Jan. 5.
Hadfield took questions from students attending Charles P. Allen high School in Bedford, N.S.
However, they made international headlines for a humourous exchange with William Shatner, the Canadian actor who played Capt. James Kirk in the television series Star Trek.
Shatner tweeted Hadfield, asking if they were using Twitter from space.
Hadfield replied on Twitter, "Yes, Standard Orbit, Captain. And we're detecting signs of life on the surface."
'It almost makes you feel like you're there'
Catrina Russell is one of the growing number of people around the world who are following Hadfield's journey closely.
Russell said they haven't missed any of Hadfield's images taken from the space station since they arrived last month.
"He's been tweeting every hour since he's been up there, basically. And it's just neat, the sort of things they can share with us. It almost makes you feel like you're there," they said.
Scientists are also seeing value in Hadfield's use of social media while in space.
John Spray, the director of the Planetary and Space Science Centre at the University of New Brunswick, said Hadfield's photos have scientific merit, but they also go a long way in getting people interested in space.
"I think Chris Hadfield is particularly good at communicating with the public and bringing what they do into people's homes. And I think if you see the place where you live from space, I think it makes that important connection," Spray said.
"It's very interesting to see what Saint John looks like or what the Gaspé Peninsula or wherever, around Canada, or around the world. What it looks like from space. It's where we live. And it puts in perspective the planet we occupy. It shows that it's part of a bigger system, part of the solar system."
Amazon and Chase Bank's Prime credit card has simple appeal: every time you buy stuff from Amazon you get money back (in the form of points) for further purchases. The card has been around for a few years now, but today got a neat little upgrade: instead of getting 3 percent cashback on Amazon purchases, you'll now get 5 percent.
Other rewards for the card (including 2 percent cashback on restaurants, gas stations and drugstores; one percent on all other purchases) remain the same. You can spend the points on Amazon's website (they appear automatically at the checkout), or, once you've got more than 2,000, redeem them for cash “through an account statement credit or electronic deposit into an eligible checking or savings account held by a financial institution located in the United States.”
It's a typical virtuous cycle for Amazon, but could be worth your time if you're a big Prime spender. You'll need to be a member of the company's membership program to be eligible, but the card has other redeeming aspects, including no annual fee and no cost for foreign transactions. For more information on what you get (and what you don't) check out Amazon's promo page.
Correction January 11th, 15:30PM ET: A previous version of this article stated that the points collected on the card could only be spent on Amazon products. They can actually be redeemed for cash once you have in excess of 2,000. We regret the error.
You've gotta give Intel credit.
They know that smaller, more mobile computing is the future, and they've been pushing and pushing their Atom processor, and they've done a pretty good job in basically overtaking the netbook category in that regard. When it comes to tablets, however, the Atom is apparently not the processor of choice.
Sources from various notebook manufacturers have mentioned that they will be leaning towards more cost- and energy-efficient ARM processors from Freescale, Nvidia, and Qualcomm, with Android as the chief OS. Great news for those manufacturers, but don't count Intel out quite yet. They still have the ability to be a contender if they can convince manufacturers that their new Atom processors, which will consume 50% less power in some instances, have what it takes.
According to sources:
Intel is currently negotiating with several Taiwan-based PC vendors to showcase Intel-based tablet PCs at Intel Developer Forum 2010 (IDF 2010), which will be held in the US in September. Most vendors have agreed to demonstrate engineering samples; however, whether they will mass-produce the Intel-based tablet PCs will depend on market demand, the sources noted.
We'll have to wait for the final outcome, but Intel does have some catching up to do if they plan to compete with the ARM processors in the growing tablet market. Time will tell.
via [digitimes]
Remember that big news Telltale Games had planned for E3? Well they just announced it, Telltale is bringing you The Walking Dead: Michonne – A Telltale Games Mini-Series later this fall on multiple platforms. However you will need to own at least the “first episode of The Walking Dead: Season Two in order to play The Walking Dead: Michonne”, Telltale has said.
This new Mini-Series staring The Walking Dead's Michonne will span three episodes long, taking players between issues #126 and #139 from TWD comic book. Them story will cover what “took Michonne away from Rick, Ezekiel, and the rest of their trusted group… and what brought them back.” Telltale posted on their blog.
In our effort to bring the world of the comic and the world of the Telltale series closer together, there is no greater character than Michonne to help bridge that gap.” – said Robert Kirkman, creator of The Walking Dead
The Walking Dead universe has many interesting and complex characters, all with their own tragedies and stories to tell. Michonne is certainly among one of them and to have them in a their own Telltale game is exciting. We can't wait to see how their story unfolds in Telltale's The Walking Dead.
A former Amish couple is accused of "gifting" their 14-year-old girl�to a Lower Southampton man ��who then fathered the teen's two children ��to bail them out of "financial ruin."�
The couple was broke when they left the Amish community, and turned to Lee Kaplan, 52, of the 400 block of Old Street Road, for help, police said.
All three were arrested Thursday and sent to Bucks County prison in�lieu of 10 percent of $1 million bail.
"I wanted (Kaplan) off the street despite the fact they told me they loved the children,"�Lower Southampton District Judge John Waltman said on Friday.
This news organization is not naming the 14-year-old girl's parents in an effort to protect the girl's identity.
Police went to Kaplan's house after they received a call about the health and welfare of children living there and found 12 females inside, according to Lower Southampton Detective Sgt. Shane Hearn. They range in age from 6 months to 18 years old, including the girl's 6-month-old and 3-year-old, they added.
All the underage children were taken from the home and placed in protective custody, Hearn said.
"The conditions in the house were fine," they added. "They were not undernourished. Kaplan has a farm there and chickens running all over the place. I guess they were living off the land."
Kaplan faces charges of statutory sexual assault, aggravated indecent assault, indecent assault on a person younger than 16, corruption of minors and contact with a minor involving sexual offenses.
The couple faces child endangerment charges.
George Mattar: 215-949-4165; email: gmattar@calkins.com; Twitter; @mattarmuses
Story
You are Jessica Rainer, the only survivor of the crashed Heracles Mars expedition, sent to investigate the mysterious disappearance of the very first Mars expedition, Hermes.
Gameplay
Exploration. Lacuna Passage is an open-world adventure. 25 square miles of treacherous Martian terrain littered with clues about the disappearance of the Hermes Mars Expedition.
Investigation. Photograph and document your journey. Follow the clues and piece together your own explanation to the events that unfolded on the red planet. Perhaps you can even find a way home. Share your discoveries, photo journals, and theories with other players online.
Navigation. Pay close attention to your instruments and keep track of your surroundings. The game will not hold your hand with arbitrary objective markers and many key locations will need to be manually recorded for reference. Careless explorers are sure to get themselves lost.
Survival. Food, water, and oxygen are in short supply on the planet's surface. Even sleep is important in maintaining your stamina (and your sanity). Depicting a realistic passing of time is also important to the general theme of survival. Essentially the player is faced with defining their own goals. You can try to see how many days you can survive alone on Mars or you can try to see how fast you can solve the mysteries of the planet. Death in itself is not necessarily a fail condition in the game. Depending on your experience it may be a perfectly suitable ending to the story you have crafted for Jessica Rainer.
From Concept to Prototype
Of course, all of this conceptual content would be nothing without some substantial prototyping. Over the last few months I have been working hard on some crucial systems that will stand as the foundation for the experience inherent to Lacuna Passage.
Last month we named our Top Tables of 2015; now it's time to look forward. There's a buzzy new crop of restaurants flourishing in Orlando, and we are, well, looking forward to seeing how they fare in 2016 – many seem poised to become established players on the dining scene. We picked just 16 here, but you can be certain we'll review many more than that in the months to come.
(A note about our reviews: We usually don't review restaurants until they've been open for at least three months. If you've ever visited a restaurant in their first days, you probably know why. Often, the kitchen and the front-of-house staff are still working through new ideas and new processes, which can lead to service miscues, slow plates and a generally uneven experience. We don't see any reason to set those early mishaps in stone, so to speak, by publishing a definitive review before a young restaurant is ready to shine.)
That said, we are beyond excited by the class of 2016, and we've selected 16 promising new arrivals – a mix of cuisines, price points and neighborhoods – for you to try right now. One's been open almost six months; one just opened two days ago, but all are pleasing harbingers of the year to come.
click to enlarge Photo by Rob Bartlett
KrungThep Tea Time
KrungThep Tea Time
1051 W. Fairbanks Ave., Winter Park 407-733-3561 facebook.com/krungthepteatime
There's nothing newfangled about Thai food, or tea and toast, or grilled cheese, yet KrungThep (the Thai name for Bangkok) manages to make it all fresh. The whimsical, inventive menu twists familiar Thai favorites into delightful funhouse versions of themselves: tom yum goong soup becomes a snappy shrimp salad; gra-prow chicken finds itself in a grilled cheese sandwich with mozzarella and basil mayo. Dozens of teas and iced drinks round out a menu punctuated by "brick toast," KrungThep's over-the-top take on dessert, which consists of piles of honey-drenched toast "bricks" crowned with various combinations of ice cream, fruit, chocolate syrup, Nutella and/or whipped cream.
Market on South
2603 E. South St. 407-613-5968 marketonsouth.com
After a lengthy permitting process, Market on South finally opened its doors late last fall. For fans of Valhalla Bakery's vegan pastries and the Dixie Dharma food truck, the protracted wait was almost as painful for us as it was for the chef-owners (we said almost). But all's well that ends well. Anyone who enjoys plant-based cuisine now has easy access to Celine Duvoisin's inspired doughnuts, cinnamon rolls, butter tarts and Nanaimo bars, as well as Shaun Noonan's gourmet vegan riffs on Southern fare: fried green tomatoes with chowchow and eggplant remoulade; creamed Zellwood corn with charred pearl onions and chervil; Carolina barbecue jackfruit in Coca-Cola reduction. (Cruelty-free doesn't mean calorie-free – make no mistake, this is treat-yo'self dining.)
Antonella's Pizzeria
360 W. Fairbanks Ave., Winter Park 407-636-5333 antonellaspizza.com
Orlandoans have followed genial Italian chef Stefano LaCommare from spot to spot (Il Pescatore, Stefano's Trattoria), but now the next generation is stepping in. Roughly six weeks ago, LaCommare's son Leonardo, daughter Antoniella and son-in-law Francesco opened a 10-seat pizzeria in Winter Park. Given that all three were involved at family-fave Il Pescatore (with Francesco manning the pizza oven), expectations are high – and likely to be fulfilled.
HARFORD COUNTY, MD — The rate of fatal drug and alcohol overdoses in the state continues at an epidemic pace — especially for users of heroin, fentanyl and the even more lethal carfentanyl — say state officials, who begged users to get into treatment before it's too late. The Maryland Department of Health released data for fatal overdoses for the first quarter of 2017, and the numbers show that opioid-related overdose deaths continue to skyrocket in the state.
From January to March 2017, there were 550 drug and alcohol overdose-related deaths in Maryland, including 372 fentanyl-related deaths, health officials said. During the same three-month period in 2016, 401 Marylanders died from an overdose.
"Fentanyl and synthetic drugs continue to claim the lives of Marylanders, many of whom are unknowingly consuming them," said Health Secretary Dennis Schrader in a news release. "We implore Marylanders who are grappling with substance use disorder and are taking illicit substances to seek treatment immediately."
Overdose-related deaths in the first quarter of the year doubled from 2017 to 2016 in Harford County. There were 30 drug and alcohol intoxication deaths in Harford County in the first quarter of 2017, compared to 14 in the first quarter of 2016.
Baltimore County saw the largest increase in drug-related deaths, where 176 people died in the first quarter of 2017, compared to 113 people in the first quarter of 2016.
The new quarterly data shows fentanyl, an additive that is often combined with other opioids, continues to increase the number of overdose deaths. Fentanyl and a related additive called carfentanil are 50 and 100 times more potent than heroin, health officials said.
SEE ALSO:
"The number of Marylanders impacted by this crisis continues to drive our resolve to manage this epidemic as a statewide emergency," Clay Stamp, executive director of the state's Opioid Operational Command Center, said in a statement. "In order for us to be successful, we must be united in this fight and steadfast in our commitment to partner with others in efforts to prevent, protect, and treat those in need."
On July 1, 2017, three new initiatives to further combat the opioid epidemic went into effect. First, the Maryland Medicaid policies reforming the opioid-prescribing process went into effect. This new police requires prior authorization for all high-dose and long-acting opioids issued to Maryland Medicaid recipients.
The Prescription Drug Monitoring Program went into effect, which allows providers and pharmacists access to their patients' history of such prescribed controlled dangerous substances as prescribed opioids. Prescribers are required, with some exceptions, to query and review their patient's PDMP data prior to prescribing an opioid or benzodiazepine and at least every 90 days thereafter, as long as the course of treatment continues to include prescribing an opioid or benzodiazepine.
Maryland Medicaid also began to reimbursement for federally funded residential substance use treatment. Maryland was the third state in the nation to be granted a waiver from the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to provide treatment with federal Medicaid dollars.
Where to Get Help in Maryland
Maryland residents who need help finding substance abuse treatment resources should visit the Department of Health website for links to substance abuse treatment facilities. Or call the Maryland Crisis Hotline, which provides 24/7 support, at 1-800-422-0009.
If you know of someone who could use treatment for substance abuse, treatment facilities can be located by location and program characteristics online.
Signs of Overdose:
Person is not responsive.
Fingertips or lips turn blue or grey.
Breathing is slow, shallow or has stopped.
Person is gurgling or making snoring noises.
What can you do if you see an opioid overdose?
Call 911.
If you have naloxone, give the person naloxone and perform rescue breathing.
If no response after 2-3 minutes, give a second dose of naloxone.
Do not leave the person alone. Help will arrive.
If the person starts to breathe or becomes more alert, lay the person in the recovery position; put the person slightly on the left side so that their body is supported by a bent knee with their face turned to the side and bottom arm reaching out to stabilize the position.
Remember the Good Samaritan Law – save a life!
If you provide help or assist a person experiencing a medical emergency due to alcohol or drugs, you are criminally IMMUNE from being charged, arrested and prosecuted from certain crimes. (Ann. Code Md. CR §1-210)
The police and the courts believe that saving a life is more important than a charge or an arrest.
How can I lower my risk of overdose?
Carry naloxone with you at all times and inform others where it is.
If you haven't used in a while, start slowly. You are at a high risk for overdose after leaving jail, prison or the hospital or after coming out of treatment.
Avoid mixing substances.
Be aware that drugs vary widely in purity and strength.
Don't use alone. If you must use alone, let people know where you are, and never the lock the door.
Check up on each other.
Seek treatment.
»Photo of heroin powder from the Drug Enforcement Administration
Open a photograph album of Victorian London and you enter a strange twilight world. Clothes and objects are drained of colour, restricting life to a palette of bleached and muddy greys. And everywhere there is the same silence. The churning noise of the city is cancelled out by the click of the shutter. While modern historians might regret the loss of a soundtrack to the Victorian city, however, many residents of the time would not have agreed. For them the noise was unbearable. The low grumble of traffic, the sudden spikes of street music, the endless chattering crowds: it was little wonder that Thomas Carlyle retired to a soundproofed study.
The cries of street traders were especially penetrating. They had to be. In such a fiercely competitive environment, the jabbing emphasis of a cry such as "Water-creases!" was the aural equivalent of sharp elbows in a crowd. Like birdsong, what might have sounded charming at a distance was a way of advertising oneself and fighting off the competition. Nor were these traders content to stay in the shadows. In 1872, the writer Augustus Mayhew appeared before their local magistrates charged with assaulting a female pedlar, and defended themselves by pointing out that sometimes "he had as many as 38 persons in one day" knocking at their door. Their cries of "Rag and bones", "Sixpence a peck, peas", "Crockery", "Fine young rabbits", and "Roots all a-blowing, all a-growing" had driven them to distraction. Presumably they thought they would be a soft touch. In the 1850s, they had assisted their brother Henry in conducting hundreds of interviews with "The London Street-Folk", which when published as London Labour and the London Poor had made their voices heard all over the country. With its dizzying tables of statistics and dazzling range of characters, it was both one of the most ambitious early attempts at sociology (a word coined in the 1840s) and the greatest Victorian novel never written. No work in the period is better at bringing alive what Mayhew's later magazine The Great World of London called "the riot, the struggle, and the scramble for a living".
London Labour and the London Poor was originally advertised as a "Cyclopoedia" of street life, implying that it was a compendium of facts for dipping into rather than a book to be read from cover to cover. In its final form, it was published in four volumes in 1861-2 – two million words – and there was scarcely a paragraph that did not contain startling information. The popularity of oysters in London meant that "in round numbers" there were 500 million shells to be disposed of every year. An old showman who travelled with performing animals "sometimes had trouble to get lodgings for the bear", even though "Bears is well-behaved enough if they ain't aggravated". While there were some strange omissions – Mayhew included nothing on servants, for example, who by the time of the 1851 census amounted to one in 18 of the population – for the most part they lived up to the billing they gave themselves in the work's preface. Part-pioneer and part-anthropologist, they were a "traveller in the undiscovered country of the poor" who brought back stories about people "of whom the public has less knowledge than of the most distant tribes of the earth".
That was scarcely an exaggeration. Though many thousands of people earned their living in the streets by the middle of the century, in terms of cultural representation they were practically invisible. Their appearances in print were usually restricted to cartoons in Punch, which whittled away their lives to a set of comic catchphrases, or novels in which they provided little more than splashes of local colour, such as Dombey and Son's description of "the water-carts and the old-clothes men, and the people with geraniums, and the umbrella-mender, and the man who trilled the little bell of the Dutch clock as they went along". By contrast, Mayhew decided that what their interview subjects said would be the foundation of their work rather than a set of footnotes. The background was thrust into the foreground, and for many readers the effect was as astonishing as if pieces of theatre scenery had come to the front of the stage and introduced themselves to the audience.
London Labour and the London Poor would have been a remarkable achievement no matter who had written it. Coming from Mayhew it was close to being a miracle. Although reasonably well known as a writer before they started their research, they were spoken of by their contemporaries with an amused tolerance that bordered on contempt. Whether they were abandoning half-written works, or almost blowing up their house while trying to manufacture artificial diamonds, they were much better at coming up with ideas than seeing them through. From 1835 they edited the satirical journal Figaro in London; it collapsed in 1839. In 1841 they helped to found Punch, but was ousted as editor after a few months. They seemed doomed to be the nearly man of Victorian letters.
Then in September 1849 they were sent by the Morning Chronicle to report on a severe cholera outbreak in the Bermondsey slums. By October the Chronicle's editors had announced a new series of articles, aimed at providing "a full and detailed description of the moral, intellectual, material, and physical condition of the industrial poor throughout England", and Mayhew was to be the Metropolitan Correspondent, filing regular reports from areas of London that might as well have been on the moon for all the notice most people took of them. They set about interviewing the crossing-sweepers, Punch and Judy entertainers, sandwich-sellers, rag-gatherers, rat-killers, doll's-eye makers, thieves, prostitutes, beggars, and all the other pieces of human flotsam and jetsam that had washed up in the capital. However, it was only after they abandoned the Chronicle and started to publish their reports independently that the full scale of their ambition became clear.
The impact of their work was immediate. When it came to the saddest cases, they also raised money. Donations totalling £2 10s were forwarded to "the poor half-witted and very persecuted harp-player" whose handwritten sign explained that "from the delapedated [sic.] condition of my present instrument I only produce ridicule"; it was enough to buy them a new harp.
Mayhew's impact on writers lasted rather longer. Starting with Charles Kingsley's Alton Locke, which leaned heavily on their revelations about cheap tailors, their influence stretched as far as Philip Larkin's poem "Deceptions", which re-imagines their harrowing account of a young girl being drugged and raped, and a number of recent works, including Charles Palliser's The Quincunx and Michel Faber's The Crimson Petal and the White. What these writers recognise is that Mayhew was far more than a snooping reporter. They were also a skilled storyteller. Some of their techniques specifically echo other genres of writing. By tangling together biography and autobiography, for example, and removing their own questions from the printed version of their interviews, they came close to producing a prose version of the Victorian dramatic monologue. Far odder are the parallels between some of their subjects and Dickens's characters, as if they deliberately sought out people who had sprung off the page into real life. Yet Mayhew also had a style of their own, and it is this that makes London Labour and the London Poor something other than a documentary record. It is a creative reworking of the facts, a consistently surprising exercise in that hybrid form Joyce once described as "fict".
As Mayhew trawls the city streets, their attention is snagged by details – a walnut-seller's brown-stained fingers, or a beggar who displays themselves in front of a shop's gas jets like an actor in the footlights – before they are lost again in the crowd.  They are equally attracted by lists, such as the one recording the first items ever stolen by a group of young thieves: "Six rabbits, silk shawls from home, a pair of shoes, a Dutch cheese, a few shillings from home, a coat and trousers, a bullock's heart". These are not just stray objects, like the ones picked up by the bone-grubbers and mud-larks, but the props in a series of personal dramas.
Mayhew's statistics reveal much about their own obsessions. Sober tables of research are regularly interrupted by facts of the strange-but-true variety: "Total quantity of rain falling yearly in the metropolis, 10,686,132,230,400 cubic inches", or "The drainage of London is about equal in length to the diameter of the earth itself". Yet the further they go to demonstrate painstaking accuracy, the more tempted they are to retreat into the consolations of romance. Not content with calculating the number of cigar-ends thrown away each week (30,000) and guessing at the proportion picked up by the cigar-end finders (a sixth), they continue by explaining how this "refuse tobacco" is made into new cigars; "or, in other words, they are worked up again to be again cast away, and again collected by the finders, and so on perhaps, till the millennium comes". It is a good example of what a contemporary reviewer meant by Mayhew's "wonderful series of revelations suddenly disclosed in our own country, existing as it were, under our very feet".
But while Mayhew was thrilled by statistics, they were more interested in the people behind their calculations and tables. Never was they happier than when distracting themselves with the sort of quirky odds and ends that a more rigorous mind would have dismissed as insignificant, such as the people who "strengthen a sickly child's back" by rubbing it with snails, or the footman who considered enlisting in the army but "knew I should be rejected because I was getting bald".
Some of these characters are presented as timeless types. Mayhew's account of the cheap goods sold on street corners that carry "gaudy labels bearing sometimes the name of a well-known firm, but altered in spelling or otherwise" will be familiar to anyone who has been tempted to buy a "Louis Viton" handbag or "Guchi" watch, just as the swindler who poses as a "Decayed Gentleman" and sends out begging-letters will strike a chord with anyone stung by email spam. The vast majority of Mayhew's subjects are simply, magnificently themselves. Whenever their writing threatens to descend into the period's standard responses of disdain or whimsy, their ear catches the unique accent of an ordinary voice and elevates it to the dignity of print. There is the realism of the Italian showman who lost their monkey: "I did cry! – I cry because I have no money to go and buy anoder monkey!" Or the humour of the man who hawks fly-papers: "It ain't a purfession and it ain't a trade, I suppose it's a calling."
Open the pages of this extraordinary work, and once again the voices of Victorian London stir into life: "I ain't a child, and I shan't be a woman till I'm twenty, but I'm past eight, I am"; "Ain't it curious now, sir, that wot a man larns in their fingers they never forgets?" Once again the clamour of the streets rises into the air until, like the evening scene in Bleak House, "every noise is merged . . . into a distant ringing hum, as if the city were a vast glass, vibrating".
Ever wondered what it would be like to train dinosaurs just like Chris Pratt in Jurassic World? Well wonder no more with Dino Frontier by Uber Entertainment on the PSVR.
Gameplay
The game begins with you looking over a Western vista, you are then prompted to carry out a few gestures using the Move controllers. These gestures include holding the trigger buttons and moving outwards to zoom in. Rotating around to turn the viewpoint as well as pressing the Move button and dragging the area around. Alternatively just hold the trigger button to the hand signal for OK. Something that I spent a lot of time doing, and I mean a lot.
In Dino Frontier you take the role of Big Mayor, taking control over the building and running of your small western town. You can pick up and drop settlers and also assign them a role by dropping them onto one of the many areas.
You only start with one settler at the beginning, but growing your town gets you more settlers to give jobs to. Send them to go and chop down the trees around, or go and pick bushes for berries. When these are done you get the honour of picking up the items and placing them in their correct building. Wood goes towards making planks, and the berries go towards making food. All to allow your town to grow and to open up other building options.
You have to be careful with your settlers, as if they venture too far outside of the town they will come up against a number of different dinosaurs. However, when you raise your level enough you are able to create lures to try and capture dinosaurs. These are then taken into your Dino Arena where you can train them to carry out a number of tasks. If one of your settlers takes too much of a battering when they go up against a Stegosaurus or a Raptor bad things are likely to happen. They won't die, but they will be incapacitated and will need to be taken to the medical building to get back to tip top shape.
Each of your buildings can be upgraded so that their capacity can be increased. This is essential when you start getting bandits coming to town. Your own settlers will quickly be taken down by these varmints, and will need to be healed somehow.
My favourite part of the game is probably the most simple part. When you build a new building you have to actually hammer in the nails. A hammer spawns on the world and you have to pick it up and then rain all kinds of pain down on the building. This increases a bar and eventually the building it built. Every time I picked up the hammer I felt like Thor, taking Mjolnir in hand and casting out all the Chitauri. Unfortunately only being made of virtual wood the hammer wasn't quite as impressive. Although once you have built a building you have to put the hammer somewhere, or just launch it as far as you can.
As you carry out each task in the world, you gain experience and eventually level up. You wear a watch that shows your resource levels as well as your current objective. Want to check out what you are meant to do, then just look at your watch. No literally, pretend you are wearing a watch and look at it. That's where all the information lies, in a really really virtual smartwatch.
Graphics
With a bright colour palette and a day to night cycle the graphics are very nice indeed. The dinosaurs are generated in the virtual area perfectly, as well as each settler being relatively individual. The resolution through the PSVR allows you to zoom right into they are and inspect all the elements to all the buildings and people.
Audio
Dino Frontier starts off with a great western tune that will leave you humming for the rest of the day. Audio cues tell you if someone is being attacked by a dinosaur, or if the bandits have come to town. The settlers talk to you all the time, which can get quite annoying listening to their little voices. I guess that is what you get for being this giant figure that I can only imagine could be quite freaky.
Longevity
You can literally spend hours developing your town. Making sure each of the buildings is making the best space of the available erm.. space. Giving those with a certain OCD a way to make sure each building is as close as possible and no space is wasted. Train up those dinosaurs and get as many settlers as possible, all these jobs take time.
With Dino Frontier being one of those most comfortable VR experiences I have had it is an essential for any owner with a history in real time strategy games. Pretending to be a gigantic omnipresent being wielding a hammer never gets old. Neither does throwing the hammer between hands. I literally spent 5 minutes throwing it up in the air and catching again.
So whether it's wanting to be like Thor, or Chris Pratt, Dino Frontier gives you the ability to be either (kind of). Dino Frontier gives you a great time and thoroughly deserves its Thumb Culture Silver Award with a score of 7 / 10
Disclaimer: We received a code to carry out this review
Like this: Like Loading...
Hamilton stirred up the issue ahead of the Abu Dhabi weekend when they suggested that the truth of the mechanic swap would make an "interesting read" when they write what really happened after their F1 career has finished.
But Wolff has responded to Hamilton's suggestions of anything strange going on, and said the team shuffle was part of a natural process – and there are aspects of it that they too could reveal in the future.
“You know it's always dangerous because there is one statement that is being picked out from a press conference between the two of them and, as I said before, I find it very remarkable how they've managed the relationship between the two of them for the benefit of the team, taking into consideration that it must be very intense and very high pressure for them,” said Wolff, in response to Hamilton's remarks.
“So that one comment was taken out and it is clear that if you change a crew that is directly involved with a driver, such as mechanics or a number one, that a driver constantly looks at when he's pulling out of the garage, it can have a psychological effect.
"We acknowledged that and it was part of our thinking when we shuffled it around. But as a matter of fact we are 1,500 people in Brixworth and Brackley and it's about developing personnel.
"Somebody who was working on one corner of the car today as a mechanic might be a number one next year, might be a chief mechanic afterwards and maybe has even more potential within the organisation.
“In a similar way we have done all through the organisation we are not keeping it static. It's a dynamic structure and the same happens in the garage.
"This is a fact. I appreciate the effect on the singular driver and it was taken into consideration and maybe I'll write a book in 10 years and we'll put some things in there.”
Wolff added that while it was important to provide their drivers with all the support they needed, such efforts could not be at the expense of the wider team.
“In terms of keeping the performance up in the team, you need to consider what your high-performers need; what kind of environment they need, what kind of framework they need in order to perform best. And we've considered that.
“There is not just one position like the chief mechanic that is important for the performance of the team and the drivers, but we have to take decisions for many, many hundreds of people and develop them.
"It is our duty and obligation towards these 1500 people and the great brand to take the right decisions and not one single individual – although taking into mind what is important for the driver itself.
“What you are seeing here on the race track is the tip of the iceberg. And by the sheer nature there is a large block underneath that brings performance and has brought the team to where we are today.
"And part of that is to have the most effective organisation. Not only today but also tomorrow – and that is just part of the normal procedure.”
There is no denying that the Unreal Engine 4 is absolutely amazing. For those who don't know, UE4 is a suite of tools designed to allow developers to great amazing graphical footage in games and different visualization scenarios. The tools UE4 offers are truly amazing and most recently, they've added an Infinity Blade Collection for FREE!! Click here to check it out in more detail.
There are so many demo videos showcasing what UE4 is capable of and it's all quite amazing.Today, I want to show off some of the old gaming character demos done in UE4! These are not mine, I just simply wanted to collect them all in one place, credit goes to CryZENx, make sure to check out the links before for more! There are also some amazing architecture demos from UE4 Architecture that you can see by checking the links below.
Links:
Unreal Engine 4
CryZENx YouTube Channel
Collection of Unreal Engine 4 Architecture Demos on Plexus Hub
UE4 Architecture YouTube Channel
Gegard Mousasi, one of the best middleweight mixed martial artists in the world, has signed a multifight deal with Bellator MMA.
Mousasi (42-6-2) confirmed the deal during an appearance on "The MMA Hour." Terms of the agreement were not disclosed, and their promotional debut has not yet been announced.
The 31-year-old middleweight fought out their exclusive UFC contract in April. The two sides entered negotiations on an extension, but ultimately Mousasi opted to sign with Bellator.
Fighting out of Amsterdam, Mousasi had expressed some complaints about their pay near the end of their UFC deal. They pointed to specific opponents he'd beaten previously who were still earning more than they are.
On Monday, they told ESPN they are "very happy" with the Bellator contract, and added it will pay them a flat rate every time they fight -- as opposed to the show-and-win money system the UFC traditionally favors.
"I show up and I get paid," Mousasi told ESPN. "With the UFC, they say, 'If you're a champion, we'll pay you well.' They don't say that to soccer players. Those athletes have a steady contract, and if they win a championship, then they get a bonus.
"That's how it should be. Not, 'Oh, prove you're going to be a champion.' I'm not going to gamble. It's like gambling. It's a fight -- the best fighter doesn't always win. I've already proven myself as one of the best, and I'm willing to step up when the company needs me. I've proven my value in so many ways."
Gegard Mousasi signed a multifight deal with Bellator MMA and says they are happy with their contract after complaining about their pay toward the end of their pact with UFC. Brandon Magnus/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
The promotion will also allow them to sign their own in-cage sponsors, which is prohibited in the UFC because of its exclusive apparel deal with Reebok.
One potential downside of moving to Bellator for Mousasi was the loss of a comprehensive drug-testing program, which the UFC provides year-round. The vast majority of Bellator's drug-testing efforts rely on state regulators, and some are better than others.
Mousasi, however, said Bellator president Scott Coker told them they would be willing to address that concern on a case-by-base basis with the fighter.
"That's the great thing about Bellator is that I talked to Scott about all of that," Mousasi said. "I get something to say in Bellator. If I don't trust a guy and want them tested on an unexpected basis, Scott was open to that.
"There is a difference. [The UFC's anti-doping program] was great. My career rocketed after that started. Obviously, I believe guys are using steroids -- but if I believe that, I will have some say in it here."
Mousasi is coming off a somewhat controversial TKO over Chris Weidman in April. The fight was stopped when Mousasi landed several knees to the side of Weidman's head, which were initially ruled illegal. Replays showed the shots were clean, and the fight was waved off.
A pro since 2003, Mousasi is 8-3 since they moved down a weight class in 2014. Although their first opponent has not been determined, he's an instant candidate to face Bellator's 185-pound champion, Rafael Carvalho.
Mousasi is one of several highly ranked fighters to make the move from UFC to Bellator in recent years. That list includes Rory MacDonald, Ryan Bader, Phil Davis, Lorenz Larkin and Benson Henderson.
It's Labor's promise to give fast broadband to every Australian. Labor says it will spend $37.4 billion on the network. It will involve - for the most part - replacing Australia's copper telephone lines with optical fibre that will run into 93 per cent of homes, schools and businesses. The remaining 7 per cent of Australians who live in remote areas will get fixed wireless or satellite connections, which are slower than fibre but much faster than what is available now. What is the difference between Labor's plan and the Coalition's? Fibre is the fastest broadband technology. Labor's Minister for Broadband, Stephen Conroy, wants to take fibre all the way to your home, school or business. The Coalition's Malcolm Turnbull wants to save money by running fibre to cabinets that will sit on footpaths. Turnbull's version of the network will then piggyback on Telstra's copper lines, which will run from the cabinets to your home. In short: the Coalition says it will give every Australian access to ''fast enough'' internet sooner and cheaper, though nothing like the speeds possible under Labor's NBN. Who owns the NBN?
Labor's network is being built by NBN Co Ltd, a wholly government-owned company. NBN Co then sells capacity on the network to retailers such as Telstra, Optus and iiNet, which will package it and sell it to customers. When will they finish building it? Labor expects to finish the network by 2021. This assumes that the Coalition does not win the September election. How many people are on the NBN? At the end of 2012, 34,500 Australian homes and businesses were using the NBN. Of these, 10,400 were connected by fibre, and the rest by fixed wireless and satellite.
Is that good progress or bad? The NBN has been rolled out slower than was predicted in NBN Co's 2011-13 corporate plan, which said 116,000 premises would be using the network by June 2012. The government says it has been slower because it took nine months to negotiate a deal with Telstra, in which the government will pay it $11 billion to shut down its copper network and hand over its customers to NBN Co. How many people could be This is trickier to work out. The statistic to look at is ''premises passed'', which means the network is installed and the NBN services can be bought from a telephone or internet service provider. By December 2012, 339,700 premises had been passed, but it has been reported that some of these buildings are not yet able to access the NBN.
How fast will the NBN be? It depends. If you're among the 93 per cent of Australians who get fibre to your home, you will be able to download data at speeds of up to 100 megabits a second. This is about five times faster than the fastest ADSL broadband in today's market. But the reason techie zealots are excited about fibre to the premises is because the technology can be upgraded to speeds exceeding one gigabit a second. This is unimaginably fast and Turnbull says the only thing they can think of using such speeds for at the moment is if you wanted to dig up your backyard and build an underground data centre. For the 7 per cent who live in the most remote parts of Australia, once the satellite and fixed wireless services are finished by mid-2015, download speeds of 25 megabits per second are touted. Put simply: In a few years Australians living in the bush will have access to faster internet than people living in the city today.
How do I sign up to the NBN? Once a suburb has been ''passed'' by fibre, satellite or fixed wireless, contact phone or internet providers (Telstra, Optus, iiNet) and ask them about an NBN plan. To check whether construction has begun in your area, visit nbnco.com.au and type your address into the search box. How much will it cost? The cheapest retail plan on the market is the SkyMesh plan at $30 a month, which gives 15GB of data. The most expensive Telstra BigPond plan is $132 a month with a data limit of 500GB. To compare prices of NBN plans visit the website, whistleout.com.au
What if Labor loses the election? Malcolm Turnbull has said their version of the NBN will use cheaper technologies than Labor's. Turnbull wants to use fibre-to-the-node technology, which can currently reach speeds of about 80 megabits a second (for reference, a single high-definition video requires 6 megabits a second). While cheaper, the technology cannot be upgraded to anything near the speeds possible with fibre-to-the-premises technology. Criticisms of the Coalition's NBN: Labor says Malcolm Turnbull's NBN plan is short-sighted and akin to building a Sydney Harbour Bridge with only one lane.
Loading Criticisms of Labor's NBN: Malcolm Turnbull says: ''Fibre to the premises is the single most expensive means of upgrading broadband. The investment in the NBN will mean that, to recoup its costs, the company will have to triple the amount it earns from every customer in Australia over the next decade. That follows a decade when consumers have been getting more while paying less for internet access. If we can provide Australians with very fast broadband capable of supporting applications used by consumers sooner and at a much lower cost, that will be of much greater benefit to the Australian economy.''
The TED Blog met with William Kamkwamba shortly after the publication of their autobiography, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind. Here, they answer questions about their book, their life story, their plans for the future, and offers some inspiration to others who face poverty and struggle to achieve a dream.
How does it feel to visit a place like New York City, after coming from a place filled with poverty and famine — the place you illustrated so unforgettably in your recently-published autobiography?
There are some things people here take for granted — things that people who live in other parts of the world, like Africa, like my country, Malawi, don't have. People in Malawi sometimes do not have clean water. Here, people have clean water all the time. When I see this city, and all of the things people have, and I think about all the people in my home country who do not have enough food, I just think, “Oh my God.”
After living through the famine, facing death by starvation, and watching many people in your village starve and develop diseases like cholera, will you ever get used to having clean water and food?
I will always be thinking of the difference between this place and the place I came from. I will always be looking back at the things I've gone through, thinking of the struggling people I've seen. But maybe if things get better there, I will be able to stop thinking about the difference.
Much of the book centers around your fascination with electricity, and harnessing energy from the environment with low-cost components. Are you still studying electrical engineering?
Yes. Right now I am studying at a high school level. I plan on going into engineering — especially mechanical engineering. I will also be studying electrical engineering.
When you have your degree — or between then and now — what sorts of machines or systems are you planning to build?
Right now I am interested in building a drilling machine. I want to build a machine that can drill wells for water. With this problem of water in many places in Africa, we need to find a solution for how you can dig wells so you can be pumping water from deeper places.
I want to bring clean water to people who do not have it. What I'm trying to do now is think of ways to build a well-drilling machine that is low-cost so people in rural areas can afford it. People in rural places could use the water for irrigation, or for drinking.
Will your well-drill design require electricity?
No. You can either use a small gas engine that does not need much gas, or you can operate it manually. It will be simple. The people can use power if they want, or they can use it by hand if they want.
As I said before, my main plan is to see how I can bring clean water to poor people. Once I finish with the drill, I want to design a pump that can be inserted into the wells they have drilled, so they can use it to pump their water to use for drinking or irrigation.
In your book, you emphasize the importance of maize and tobacco to your family's farm. With an easy-to-come-by water source and an irrigation system, what else could you grow?
With an irrigation system, you could also grow different vegetables and fruits; you could grow peanuts and soybeans.
By the way — do you have any favorite foods in here in the US?
Yes, but it is hard to say anything specific. In my country, we have the same, same, same, same food to eat, all the time. So, to name one specific food as my favorite is very difficult for me. Most of the food I have tasted from different countries I like. I like pizza. I like cheeseburgers. (Laughs.)
One thing you talk about in your book is the limited extent to which you had interacted with anything outside of your village. Until you were much older, you had never even visited Lake Malawi, which was only hours' travel away from your home. What did you think of big cities like New York before you visited?
People in my village had this mindset that in big cities like New York, if you are lost or without directions, no one will help you. The first time I came here, I tried to make sure not to walk by myself, because it would be difficult for me if I got lost. But people will help you. The other day I was walking and a man asked me for directions, and I helped him.
Before I came, people always told me it was cold here. When it's cold in Malawi you can still wear a t-shirt or a long-sleeve shirt. When I came here, I didn't bring warm clothes. The airport was heated, and when I arrived I said, “This is hot, it's not cold.” But then when I stepped outside into the air — whoosh, I was freezing! Then I said, “Oh my God, this is very cold.” It was the coldest day for me. I couldn't believe that it could be that cold.
In your book, there's a funny story about an experiment you did to try to capture and utilize an unusual, low-cost energy source for cooking. Tell me that story.
Once people in my village found out that I had managed to make electricity with my windmill, people asked me if they could use the electricity for cooking. But there was not enough power from the windmill to use to cook. Also, if I were going to use electricity to cook, I would need to find a cooking coil. But I couldn't find those types of things.
In one of my science books, I saw they were talking about bio-gas — the ways you can take waste and make energy. It showed a way you can take cow poop and put it in a hot tank, and then you can wait for some time until gas is created. You can then burn the gas for power.
I wasn't patient enough to wait for a couple of weeks to wait to see what would happen. I wanted to see right away. I said to myself, I can do it faster, instead of waiting for a long time. If what is needed in the bio gas tank is heat, then I can put goat's poop in a small tank and heat it to make the bio-gas faster. (Laughs.)
So I took one of my mother's pots and put the goat poop in it. Then I took it and boiled it. I was hoping that the steam that was coming from the pot would be bio gas. I tried to light it to cook with it, but it didn't work.
My mother was not around at that time — but when they came back they asked me, “What are you doing?” (Laughs.) I said, “I'm boiling sweet potatoes.” They didn't believe it.
So, that experiment failed.
What did that incident teach you?
Sometimes you can fail in an experiment. But if you fail, you still don't stop observing that thing, looking for a better way. I am still looking at systems for cooking, but next time I will be patient.
In the beginning of your book, you tell the story of how your father came to meet, and marry, your mother. If I remember, they saw them in the market and said, “Marry me.” By the way, have you been seeing anyone?
Right now, no. Not yet. (Laughs.) But in the future, yes. There's no hurry.
Are you similar to your father?
In some ways, yes. My father is a strong man. They used to drink a lot. (Laughs.) They would make some trouble, sometimes fight. But no fighting for me. (Laughs.)
One thing that has helped me to become patient and cool is that I grew up with sisters. At school, if some guys would pick on me, I would have no one to defend me. They would say, “Hey! William! If you have money, give it to us!” just because they knew that I couldn't do anything about it. As I grew up, I learned to say to someone, “These guys are bothering me.”
Being an outsider is a big theme in your book — from bullies like those at school, to those who called you crazy for trying to build a windmill. How did you manage to stay focused on your windmill, even while people were calling you crazy?
To encourage myself, I would look at the picture of the windmill in the book, and I would tell myself, “Somewhere, someone did this thing. If somebody did this thing, I can also do it.” Even then, with people saying I was crazy, I'd say, “OK, say what you're going to say, but I'm still going to do this thing.” I would not accept to stop doing this thing because of what people were saying.
I believe that people do this all of the time, when somebody is doing a new thing. I remembered Noah in the Bible. When they were making the Ark, people were laughing at him. When I was making the windmill, people were laughing, but I new exactly what I was doing. I had the vision in my mind. I knew I was going to do make a thing that would look like this, act like this.
What do those people say now, seeing your success with the windmill?
They say, “Ah, we just thought you were crazy because we had never seen such a thing in our lives!” When I told them I was building a windmill, they had no idea what a windmill was. I also think people thought I was crazy because I was going into the junkyard, looking through the garbage. (Laughs.)
Talk about what it was like when you first came to TED.
I had no idea what exactly TED was all about, or what to expect. It was also my first time to fly in an airplane or to be away from my home. I was scared, saying to myself, What exactly am I going to do? I was sitting here at TED, watching people talking, not understanding anything.
I had heard about computers before, but only of the type that has a screen that looks like old televisions. In my mind, the desktop computer was what all computers looked like. But it was the first time I had ever seen or heard about a laptop. When I was told that this small thing was a computer, I said, “What?” (Laughs.) “This is a computer? The computer I know of has a biiiig screen! Someone cannot put one in a small bag.”
Then my mentor Tom [Rielly] asked me if I had ever seen the Internet. I said, “No, I have never seen it.” I had heard about the Internet on the radio. People were saying many things about it. But I had no idea about what it could do. So, when Tom told me I could find any information on the Internet, the first thing I did was search Google for windmills. I was amazed that I could find pictures and information — even instructions about how to build windmills. When I built my windmill I just used a book with pictures! I was amazed. Everything I needed to learn had been hidden in the Internet the whole time!
Since you built your windmill, have others in Malawi built windmills?
Yes. There is a man who built a windmill. They haven't yet hooked it up to generate electricity, but they have managed to make the windmill part. There are many people who want me to build them a windmill. But because I'm busy with school, I can't go and help. I'm planning to teach other people how to do it, so if those people want a windmill, they can build one. I have taught my cousin so they can build one now. I have also taught another cousin to do it. More people are waiting to learn.
What was it like telling your whole life story for the first time? You had to look back at a lot of painful experiences, such as one heartbreaking story about your childhood dog.
It was great, but there were some times — remembering the saddest stories — when it was very tough. But at the same time, I was remembering happy, funny stories that happened to me. It was a lot of different moments mixing, things I've gone through that were good and bad. Talking about a lot of my life was relaxing, in a way.
Is there anything you regret that happened or that you did in the past?
Yes. I regret the time when I got beaten up. A young guy beat me. I started the fight. I started it for no reason at all. I wanted to fight just so I could test my strength. I regret that I tried to hurt somebody for no reason — just to look for a fight. I guess maybe it was because I was young.
And what is your favorite moment from your story?
One thing that makes me happy to remember is hunting. I am also happy when I think about making toy cars. We also used to make a toy where we could pull each other, like a car. And, of course, the part where I finally hooked up my windmill. I will always remember the time when it was first working: “Chh! Chh!” It was amazing. That makes me happiest.
What do you say to other people who are in a very difficult situation who might want to improve their lives and their community?
I would tell most young people that in life you can go through many difficulties, but if you know what you want to do, if you can focus, and work, then in the end, you will end up doing it. No matter what happens, if you don't give up, you will still succeed. People can say all kinds of things, but if you know what you're doing, in the end, you will do it. Everything is possible.
15 players are allowed to be contracted to Port Adelaide as part of a special SANFL-only list each season.
Included on that list for 2015 is Magpies captain Steven Summerton, who will take to the field in the second of a three-year deal with the club.
Port Adelaide's SANFL football manager Scott Peters said the club was pleased to have commitments from a mix of talented positional players.
"These guys play a number of different roles for the team and it's great to have them on board," Peters told portadelaidefc.com.au.
"We're disappointed to lose a couple of blokes but having seven guys signed and on the list for next year is very positive.
"We expect most of the other positions on the list to come from within the existing Academy group and they've been training for a week already, so hopefully we see a few blokes stick their hand up this pre-season."
Eight positions on the contract player list remain vacant after the departures of Aseri Raikiwasa (to Woodville-West Torrens), Ben Haren (to South Adelaide) and the retirement of Henry Slattery.
All seven confirmed contract players commenced pre-season training last week.
ANGUS Bruggemann, Anthony Biemans, Sam Gordon, Ben Sawford, Louis Sharrad and Robbie Young have all agreed to remain Port Adelaide players for the 2015 SANFL season.
It has to be admitted that Donald Trump is doing exactly what they were elected to do.
They were not elected to be a legislative president. They never showed any real interest in policy during the campaign. They were elected to be a cultural president. They were elected to shred the dominant American culture and to give voice to those who felt voiceless in that culture. He's doing that every day.
What's troubling to me is that those who are the targets of their assaults seem to have no clue about what is going on. When they feel the most righteous, like this past weekend, they are actually losing and in the most peril.
Let me try to explain what I think is happening:
After World War II the Protestant establishment dominated the high ground of American culture and politics. That establishment eventually failed. It tolerated segregation and sexism, led the nation into war in Vietnam and became stultifying.
So in the late 1960s along came a group of provocateurs like Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin and the rest of the counterculture to upend the Protestant establishment. People like Hoffman were buffoons, but also masters of political theater.
Bartolo Colon's giant head is the one true star of 'College GameDay'
MLB's 2015 season was nothing if not "The Year of Bartolo Colon."
The 2005 AL Cy Young Award winner was named the Opening Day starting pitcher for the Mets, went on to make a team-high 31 starts, pitched their first shutout since July 21, 2013, set a career high in hits, led all qualified MLB pitchers with 1.1 BB9, earned their first win in a League Championship Series since 1998 and dazzled baseball fans with their impressive baserunning and behind-the-back defensive gems:
So it's only fitting that fans are already craving more Tolo, even though we're just a few weeks into the dreaded offseason. On Saturday -- while Torii Hunter Jr. and the Notre Dame Fighting Irish prepared to take on Boston College ... at Fenway Park -- Lee Corso and the rest of ESPN's "College GameDay" crew set up shop in Columbus, Ohio, to preview No. 3 Ohio State vs. No. 9 Michigan State.
In keeping with college football's most storied tradition, college students flooded the background of the set and filled it with acrostic signs, memes and giant floating heads. And it was there -- buoying among the sea of Ronda Rousey and "Star Wars" references -- that baseball's more observant fans could recognize a familiar face:
Nothing says "college football game of the week" quite like an enlarged image of the face of a 42-year-old fifth-starting pitcher who plays a baseball team that has nothing to do with either teams playing in said game of the week.
Donald Trump will campaign in New Mexico on Sunday, with their campaign now believing that the state, which has five electoral votes, is back in play in the wake of revelations that Hillary Clinton will be re-investigated by the FBI for their use of a private email server.
The decision comes after multiple polls suggesting that the race is now within the margin of error, with Donald Trump's Senior Communication Advisor Jason Miller telling a New York radio station on Friday that Clinton and Trump were in a “statistical dead heat.”
Trump's running mate Mike Pence travelled to New Mexico last week in an attempt to rally their supporters, where they slammed failing Obamacare and outlined their plans to “pull it off the market.”
The last time New Mexico voted for a Republican president was in 2004 for George. W. Bush, with the state opting for Obama in both 2008 and 2012. In 2012, the state voted for Obama by a 10-point margin against Mitt Romney.
Another traditionally blue state now being targeted by the Trump campaign is Michigan, which hasn't voted Republican since 1998.
When asked whether Trump can win back states such as New Mexico and Michigan that have now become known as solidly Democrat, Miller said that “they are definitely in play.”
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com
At the end of every year we reflect and take stock of the things we are thankful for in our lives. For Cosmos fans this year, one of the main things to be thankful for is the way their club has treated its fans, players, and even the competition. As sports fans we are accustomed to professional teams, athletes, and coaches describing their relationships as being like that of a family. And although this is true at times, all too often we see the opposite play out in front of our eyes. Players engaged in salacious behavior, coaches switching teams after pledging their loyalty, and teams making financial decisions instead of people decisions.
With this backdrop in mind, one cannot ignore the way the Cosmos have been conducting business – both compassionately and professionally. This was recently crystallized for fans during a question and answer session on reddit.com with Cosmos' head coach Giovanni Savarese. They were asked "Can we expect some big signings this off-season?" Coach Savarese's did not give the answer you might expect, instead their response was:
"Every player we sign is big for us, honestly, because we're bringing a new member to the family. We're looking forward to building a strong team that can continue to make our fans proud. We want to continue playing with the same idea we've set forth from the beginning."
A beautiful answer, but a sentiment easy to dismiss as nothing more than the perfunctory response of a sports figure. But once you step back and read through the rest of the reddit session, a pattern of behavior begins to reveal itself. In particular, you had to take notice of their comments when asked about Haji Wright's time with the club.
Coach Savarese responded, in part –
"First of all, we are very interested in supporting young players to develop and become better pros at a younger age… In relation to Haji, we wanted to make sure they were prepared for what they will face in Europe. We wanted to make sure we are a club that helps develop players in that transition, so they are more prepared for what they encounter in Europe. We had a plan from the beginning, and we are very content in how we helped Haji. We believe they have grown tremendously personality-wise and has developed an ability to compete with professionals… We believe these decisions will help further develop younger players in the U.S. But we have to be careful we go about it the right way… So we are very content in the decision we made with Haji. They will always be part of the Cosmos family. We wish them the best in their future, and we will not rule out seeing them back at the Cosmos."
You could dissect this quote for hours, but it was particularly noteworthy to see them emphasize player development and their concern with the growth of the young man as a person. Certainly, if you treat players well, this is good long term for the team, but nonetheless it is not the path chosen by all teams. In addition to Haji Wright, Coach Savarese also discussed the club's other young star, Alexis Velela, in their response, the full transcript can be found here (https://www.reddit.com/r/NASLSoccer/comments/3wdsji/im_giovanni_savarese_head_coach_sporting_director/) The comments regarding the ongoing relationship with Alexis Velela bolster the claim that the treatment extended to Haji Wright was not an aberration but part of a road map that will employ in the future with other young prospects as well. As fans of American soccer it is nice to see a club dedicated to player development from the onset, and as Cosmos' supporters it is yet another thing that we can be proud of because it sets our club apart from its competitors.
This approach to developing player relationships is not limited to young prospects. The handling of Walter Restrepo further reinforces the idea that Coach Savarese's words have substance. Restrepo was one of the team's most important players in the 2015 season and as a result they are currently being courted by numerous teams across the NASL, MLS, and abroad. The interesting part of this situation is that early reports erroneously indicated it was Restrepo that declined an option on returning to the club. The truth is the Cosmos held the option, not the player. As such, they could have exercised it at any time. But instead of doing so, the club allowed them to explore opportunities presented to him. "We will help them reach where ever they may want to be," Coach Savarese said. "We have never got in the way of players careers in the past and won't begin to now." They went on, "We care about him. And want to help them out in any way we possibly can." Although there is every indication the door remains open for Restrepo to return, that the door was open by the club at all is an indication the Cosmos are prioritizing people, that is members of their family.
As illustrated by these two situations, the Cosmos' treatment of players has set them apart from other teams. But this approach also extends to respecting the interests of opponents. In their inaugural season, the Cosmos B went undefeated during the regular season and as a result earned the right to host the NPSL Final, but they relinquished the privilege after consulting with representatives from the league and Chattanooga FC. Cosmos COO Erik Stover explained the rational this way "[k]nowing their (Chattanooga FC) story and how important the game is for the NPSL, it was a pretty easy discussion internally... What Chattanooga has done is something special and it shows the power and growth of soccer in this country. They've done an amazing job. In terms of attendance for the game who knows what happens, there are projections that they're going to break their own record. I mean a fourth-division final with more than 10,000 people. It's more validation for the sport." By putting aside the club's self-interest for the betterment of the larger soccer community, giving up the home game to a developing soccer market made sense for their adversaries, the league, and "validation" of the sport. The Cosmos were not the first professional team in this position, but they did take the unique position of looking at what was best for all involved. In fact, last year Chattanooga FC played a RedBulls reserve team in the finals in Harrison, NJ. Although RedBull Stadium is a nice place to play a game, no attendance records were broken that day.
It can be tough for Cosmos supporters to discuss their club alongside its local rivals without taking shots at its competitors. But this isn't necessary. The club's actions this year in regard to youth player development, player contracts in general, and treatment of adversaries demonstrates the Cosmos are an organization that can stand tall on its own merits. The Cosmos family continues to grow every year and the fans are thankful because this leads to an improved experience for all those that love the game and the club.
WASHINGTON — Michael Flynn Jr., the son of President Trump's former national security adviser, took to Twitter on Friday to dispute reports that their father is willing to testify before Congress in exchange for immunity.
Flynn Jr.'s father, retired Gen. Michael Flynn, is at the center of the allegations surrounding Trump's ties to Russia. On Thursday evening, the Wall Street Journal reported the elder Flynn is willing to be interviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and congressional officials investigating links between Trump's presidential campaign and the Russian government “in exchange for a grant of immunity from prosecution.” The Journal story cited “officials with knowledge of the matter.”
Flynn's attorney, Robert Kelner, seemed to confirm the Journal's reporting when they tweeted a statement on Thursday evening saying the former general “certainly has a story to tell” and “very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit.” Kelner confirmed that Flynn's legal team is in communication with the House and Senate intelligence committees running the Russia probes, but the attorney's statement did not describe the nature of those talks beyond saying that Flynn wants “assurances against unfair prosecution” in a “highly polarized, witch hunt environment.” The statement from Flynn's attorney did not specifically use the word “immunity.”
It isn't clear what Flynn's potential legal jeopardy might be, if any. The intelligence community has said the Russian government interfered in last year's election to help Trump win, but law enforcement has not alleged that the Trump campaign was complicit with these efforts.
In testimony before Congress earlier this month, FBI Director James Comey confirmed the bureau is investigating the possibility of collusion. Flynn and other Trump associates did have contact with Russian officials, including Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, during the campaign and presidential transition. Flynn was fired from their position as national security adviser in February after it was revealed that they misled Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of their conversations with Kislyak. There have been reports Flynn also made false statements to the FBI about their contacts with Kislyak and failed to properly register with the Justice Department as a lobbyist for the government of Turkey. It's not known if the FBI is still investigating those matters, or whether it would pursue charges, but if it did, it could complicate any efforts to secure immunity because Congress doesn't normally make immunity deals that could interfere with federal investigations.
After the Journal's report about the immunity deal was published, Flynn Jr. sent a series of tweets dismissing it. First, they retweeted Kelner's statement and an earlier message from the attorney criticizing the Journal for including “sensational claims” about Flynn in a story published earlier this month. The disputed story, based on an account by former CIA Director James Woolsey, concerned a plot to transport a Turkish opposition figure from the U.S. to Turkey, which has sought their extradition. Flynn has denied any connection to the alleged plot. Flynn Jr. also linked to an article containing Kelner's statement and highlighted a line where their father's lawyer accused “the media” of being “awash with unfounded allegations, outrageous claims of treason, and vicious innuendo” about Flynn.
Flynn Jr. also shared a tweet from an anonymous account that cited their father's military record, lauded the erstwhile general as a “patriot,” and encouraged others to retweet the message if they “trust them more than anybody in the press.” The younger Flynn also retweeted three tweets from people suggesting automated bots were spreading the Journal story in order to get it on Twitter's trending list, which would put it in front of many of the site's users.
Notice how these Mike Flynn bots have ZERO to very few RTs. no one reads these Tweets, they are here to pump hashtags only pic.twitter.com/sRJXXRDtVC — MicroMagicJingle™ (@WDFx2EU95) March 31, 2017
Guest essay by Dr. Tim Ball
Cherry-picking data in climate science gained notoriety during the joint Committee Hearing chaired by Representative Barton on the “hockey stick.” Steve McIntyre reported, “D'Arrigo put up a slide about “cherry picking” and then they explained to the panel that that's what you have to do if you want to make cherry pie.” There's another form of cherry-picking central in Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) science that involves finding people to produce the science you want. They bring the cherry-picked data with them.
Anthropogenic global warming (AGW), first appeared on the world stage after the 1988 hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Chair Senator Timothy Wirth described arranging for the appearance of James Hansen whose testimony became central justification for the global warming fiasco that still continues. It was the first major example of picking people from obscurity to advance the political agenda of global warming.
Wirth explains how they organized Hansen's appearance in an interview with Frontline. In response to the question “How did you know about Jim Hansen?” They replied;
“I don't remember exactly where the data came from, but we knew there was this scientist at NASA who had really identified the human impact before anybody else had done so and was very certain about it. So we called them up and asked them if they would testify. Now, this is a tough thing for a scientist to do when you're going to make such an outspoken statement is this your part of the federal bureaucracy. Jim Hansen has always been a very brave and outspoken individual.”
Wirth set the stage by holding the hearing on the historically the hottest day of the year in Washington and the night before opening the windows and shutting off the air conditioning in the room. Wirth later said, “We've got to ride the global warming issue. Even if the theory of global warming is wrong, we will be doing the right thing…” Wirth led the US negotiating team at the Kyoto Summit. Hansen became head of NASA Goddard Institute of Space Studies (GISS) where they were a very politically active bureaucrat. Their blatant flaunting of the Hatch Act suggests political protection.
Benjamin Santer, an American, took a B.SC in Environmental Science and a Ph.D., in Climatology at the Climatic Research Unit (CRU) in England, graduating in 1987. Their thesis supervisor Tom Wigley Director of CRU, later moved to the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), where Stephen Schneider worked. Santer's thesis, ‘Regional Validation of General Circulation Models” used the three top models and data from around the North Atlantic. They did not recreate actual condition and produced large non-existent pressure systems. They failed a standard validation test.
Just three years after graduation they appear as B.D.Santer from the Max Planck Institute as a Contributor to Section 8 of the 1990 IPCC Report. Tom Wigley was lead author of Section 8. By the 1995 Report Santer was convening lead author for Chapter 8. In that Report they were caught changing the story agreed to by their fellow authors from no evidence of a human signal, to “a discernible human signal”. Santer claims they were ready to quit science because of the attacks for their deception but received encouragement from the promoter of climate exaggeration and participant in four IPCC Reports, Stephen Schneider. Santer said, “Steve was a huge source of support to me,” “He told me, ‘Ben, some things are worth fighting for, and this is worth fighting for.'” Likely the fight is for “the cause” identified in the leaked CRU emails.
David Demings' congressional testimony gives insight into how the CRU/IPCC dealt with problems. It involved the challenge the Medieval Warm Period posed for the IPCC. Deming wrote,
With the publication of the article in Science [in 1995], I gained significant credibility in the community of scientists working on climate change. They thought I was one of them, someone who would pervert science in the service of social and political causes. So one of them let their guard down. A major person working in the area of climate change and global warming sent me an astonishing email that said “We have to get rid of the Medieval Warm Period.”
[Emphasis added]
The IPCC needed somebody to get rid of the Medieval Warm Period (MWP). This was part of the challenge posed by Figure 7c in the 1990 Report. Existence of the MWP contradicted the IPCC claim that the late 20th century was the warmest ever. Two arguments were tried. One was a personal attack on Willie Soon and Sallie Baliunas and their article Proxy climatic and environmental changes of the past 1,000 years, Soon, W., and S. Baliunas, 2003 Climate Research, 23, 89–110 which established existence of the MWP from a multitude of sources. The leaked CRU emails exposed John Holdren, Obama's Science Tsar, as an active and virulent part of the personal attacks. On 16th October 2003 Michael Mann sent an email;
“Dear All, Thought you would be interested in this exchange, which John Holdren of Harvard has been kind enough to pass along…”
The second was the claim that the MWP was not global. Attacks on Soon and Baliunas and the “not global” claim had little traction, especially for the mainstream media and the public. The IPCC were aware prior to the 1995 Report they had to get rid of the MWP and it required supposedly scientific evidence. It led to the next cherry picking.
Barry Saltzman, climate professor at Yale from 1968 to their death in 2001 had their work “Theory of Climate” published posthumously in 2002. They were labeled, “the father of modern climate theory” by the American Meteorological Society (AMS). In their accolades the AMS said, “Barry Saltzman led the revival of the theory that variations of atmospheric CO2 are a significant driver of long-term climate change.” Saltzman identified their challenge as one that confronts all specialists who study climate, a generalist discipline. The need was, as they put it, to bridge the “cultural gap”. This challenge is where most corruption of climate science occurs. People using unfamiliar specialist procedures and methodologies to achieve a result to support their climate beliefs. Saltzman identified a major bridging area when they identified the skills of those who “have brilliantly and painstakingly been reconstructing the paleoclimatic record.” “It is again my hope that this book will help bridge this gap.”
Salzman supervised Michael Mann's thesis, a person they thought would bridge the gap between their theory and temperature. The shifts in focus and speed with which Michael Mann took center stage at the IPCC are revealing.
Their doctoral thesis “A study of ocean-atmosphere interaction and low-frequency variability of the climate system” and other work did not involve dendroclimatology until they connected with Raymond Bradley and Malcolm Hughes. The collaboration created the now discredited “hockey stick” graph that eliminated the MWP. They provided the mathematical and computer model techniques to bridge the gap for Bradley and Hughes as Saltzman had hoped.
Mann's acceleration from obscurity paralleled Hansen and Santer. In 1998, the same year they received their PhD and there are reports it was rushed through, they became contributing author for Chapters 7, 8, and 12 as well as Lead Author for Chapter 2 of the IPCC Third report scheduled for release in 2001. They later became central to the production of the Summary for Policymakers (SPM) that re-emphasized the hockey stick claims. These activities triggered the first recommendation of the Wegman Report
Recommendation 1. Especially when massive amounts of public monies and human lives are at stake, academic work should have a more intense level of scrutiny and review. It is especially the case that authors of policy-related documents like the IPCC report, Climate Change 2001: The Scientific Basis, should not be the same people as those that constructed the academic papers.
The IPCC had no choice but to give Mann such prominence because their work was deliberately unique.
Another form of cherry picking involved the selection of members of the IPCC. Maurice Strong set it up through the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) so that all participants were bureaucrats or selected by bureaucrats. As Richard Lindzen explained,
“IPCC's emphasis, however, isn't on getting qualified scientists, but on getting representatives from over 100 countries, said Lindzen. The truth is only a handful of countries do quality climate research. Most of the so-called experts served merely to pad the numbers.” “It is no small matter that routine weather service functionaries from New Zealand to Tanzania are referred to as ‘the world's leading climate scientists.' It should come as no surprise that they will be determinedly supportive of the process.”
The Canadian example typifies activities because Environment Canada was involved from the start. Assistant deputy Minister Gordon McBean chaired the IPCC founding meeting in Villach Austria in 1985. Former Minister of Environment, David Anderson (He has a dog named Kyoto) announced they consulted all Canadian climate experts on the Kyoto Protocol. Eight scientists held a press conference in Ottawa to say they were not consulted. Anderson, who had not announced Kyoto plans, suddenly scheduled their announcement at exactly the same time as the scientist's press conference thus drawing media attention.
Environment Canada (EC) diverted so much funding to climate change they failed to provide proper service. This triggered political questions so they were ordered to set up an independent investigation. They reported the truth as Kenneth Green confirmed when they wrote,
The Impact Group, a contractor working for Environment Canada”s Meteorological Service of Canada (MSC), has released materials that support the contention that policy is driving climate science in Canada, not the other way around.
EC did not release the results, but as Green notes,
Elements of an “Action Plan for Climate Science Research at MSC” (obtained through Access to Information request) indicate that Canada's climate change science program is being driven by a predetermined political agenda with a clear disregard of scientific needs.
This comment applies to all national weather agencies and thereby to the IPCC process. It doesn't get much more corrupt in science than cherry-picking data and people.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
The Clinton Foundation's vague timetable to limit its involvement with overseas programs, and its insistence that Chelsea Clinton remain on its board, raise red flags for ethics watchdogs even as the charity vows to avoid conflicts of interest in a Hillary Clinton presidency.
Foundation President Donna Shalala suggested Tuesday that reorganizing the $2 billion enterprise could not happen overnight. The charity pledged last week not to accept foreign or corporate donations if Clinton is elected.
Story Continued Below
“This kind of unraveling has to be done with a scalpel so that we just do not hurt people, and do not interrupt the very good work that's being done," Shalala said in an interview with NPR.
But Richard Painter, former ethics counsel in the George W. Bush administration, said that if the Clintons really wanted to separate themselves, they could do it tomorrow.
“That could be done in one board meeting — change the name, have the board members resign and be replaced with people with no ties to the Clintons. No one in the Clinton family should be there. ... That's an easy step to take. It could be done in an afternoon,” Painter said.
Independent trustees with experience at other charities could oversee any necessary changes without jeopardizing programs, they said.
Questions about how the global philanthropy would sever ties that raise potential conflicts of interest for a President Clinton are the latest controversy surrounding its work. Assertions that donors to the charity got special access to Clinton while they were secretary of state have dogged them campaign.
On Monday, GOP rival Donald Trump went even further, calling for a special prosecutor to "investigate Hillary Clinton's crimes," after additional emails were released showing foundation officials asking the former secretary's top aides for favors for donors.
Clinton and their proxies have said donors did not influence policy or get preferential treatment. But the Clintons have been reluctant to unwind the charity, arguing that its work combating AIDS and malaria, for instance, is saving lives and shouldn't be put at risk.
Shalala insisted Tuesday the proposed reorganization if Clinton wins the presidency isn't a response to “outside criticism.”
"I was brought in a year ago to help start thinking through what the form would take if they were elected, and the president wanted to do it very carefully,” they said.
The foundation had three options, according to Norm Eisen, President Barack Obama's former ethics czar. “The one option is the slam-on-the-brakes, where you immediately turn everything over,” they said.
The second is to shut down the foundation.
“And a third option is what we have here — with President Clinton stepping off first and a tapering off by one member of the family,” Eisen said. “Of the three [Clintons], Chelsea is the best for that taper.”
But many questions remain unanswered about the foundation's plan: It is not clear, for instance, whether Chelsea Clinton would still raise money for the charity if their mother were to win the election. Bill Clinton has promised to step down from its board and stop fundraising for it if that happens.
Shalala said the former president would also step away from “any relationship with any of these spinoffs, or these new partner organizations.”
But an existing spinoff, the Clinton Health Access Initiative — the foundation's flagship program which became a separate organization in 2010 — raises concerns about possible exceptions.
Both Chelsea and Bill Clinton sit on the board of the health philanthropy, which files separate tax returns but accounts for the lion's share of the foundation's program spending on its most recent consolidated financial statement.
And CHAI's board has made no decision on whether to limit foreign and corporate donations.
The HIV-fighting offshoot also failed to submit foreign donations to the State Department for approval or update donor disclosure lists while Clinton was secretary, a violation of the foundation's December 2008 ethics agreement with the Obama administration. A spokesperson for the health philanthropy told Reuters last year that the failure to update its donor disclosure lists was an “oversight.”
“CHAI is a separate legal entity from the Clinton Foundation with its own board, which will determine its next steps,” spokesperson Regan Lachapelle said Wednesday in an email. Those discussions are already underway, according to a person close to the organization.
Philanthropy experts say that changing the scope of the larger charity — with programs, donors and employees across the globe — is a legitimately complicated endeavor that could easily take years.
“Given how complex these things are from a legal perspective, [a years-long timeline] certainly doesn't seem outrageous,” said Richard Marker, founder of NYU's Academy for Grantmaking and Funder Education.
But ethicists said that process could occur without any involvement by the Clintons or those close to them. In particular, they noted that Chelsea Clinton's continued role during that transition poses possible conflicts.
“Without a doubt, moving forward, having Chelsea at the foundation is really going to create problems for [Clinton],” Common Cause President Karen Hobert Flynn said, noting that ethics rules typically recognize the child of an official as being directly linked to their interests.
Painter shared that view. “To keep it in your family, that reiterates the problem — that people say a gift to the Clinton Foundation is a gift to the Clintons,” they said. “… You don't need to have Clinton family people in the foundation to perpetuate the vision or the intent of the donors, unless the intent of the donors is to get close to the Clintons, which would not be proper.”
Painter contends that from an ethical perspective, Chelsea should “resign and also be replaced. They're telling us, ‘you need Chelsea on the board in order to run all those programs.' I just don't buy that.”
Yet Eisen argues that replacing the board wholesale comes with its own potential costs for the foundation.
“Every time you have even one trustee rotate out, you lose institutional knowledge,” they said.
They also noted that the foundation's reorganization go above and beyond what ethics rules would require if Clinton wins.
Painter acknowledged that the foundation “could do anything they want, legally.” But they said that halfway measures could hurt Clinton's ability to govern effectively while providing ammunition to them critics.
“My view is that they should stop accepting all donations, immediately, now,” they said. "And the second thing would be to promise that if they do win, the foundation is separated from everyone in the Clinton family permanently, so that we don't hear about the Clinton Foundation for the next four years.”
OXFORD � When Russell Ireland tossed a retired Air Force veteran and their Jack Russell terrier service dog out of their Big I's restaurant on Saturday, they had no idea of the trouble he'd unleashed.
But by Monday night, Mr. Ireland was hoarse from answering telephone calls, many of which included threats from people who promised to burn down their Main Street restaurant, kill them or run them out of town.
A Facebook page calling for a boycott of their breakfast and lunch diner-style restaurant had more than 7,000 subscribers within 10 hours. Folks posting there plan a peaceful demonstration, with service dogs and motorcycles, on Saturday morning.
The whole ordeal has left Mr. Ireland moving between emotions, defending their decision and breaking down over the strong reactions people have had.
Mr. Ireland said James Glaser and their small dog had been into the Main Street restaurant before and he'd been told the dog was a service dog, but they found it hard to believe.
"It didn't look like a therapy dog," Mr. Ireland said. "It just looked like a regular mutt."
The dog also didn't act like the handful of other service dogs who have accompanied vision-impaired or otherwise handicapped people into the eatery, Mr. Glaser said.
"Most of those dogs? They just lay down on the floor and you don't even know they're there," they said.
They said that during a prior visit they noticed a bad smell from the dog and saw it eating from one of the restaurant's plates � things Mr. Glaser said are untrue.
On Saturday, when their staff told them Mr. Glaser, their wife and the dog were headed in, Mr. Ireland met them at the door and said the dog wasn't allowed inside.
Mr. Glaser left the restaurant after what both sides agree was a heated exchange that may have involved a few expletives from Mr. Ireland and clearly shouldn't have gone as far as it did.
"I'm not known for being PC," Mr. Ireland said. "I may have sworn at them ... I made a judgment call about this. I don't think I was wrong."
Their friends who gathered daily at the restaurant said Mr. Ireland is respectful of veterans and they were stunned by what happened.
"I'm upset," Hank LaMountain said. They own the property on which the restaurant sits. "Veterans are revered by society, including at Big I's."
Mr. Glaser, a 41-year-old Air Force veteran who attained the rank of master sergeant, said they were diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder in November 2011 by doctors at a Veterans Administration hospital, the same month they retired after a 20-year-career.
They said they were angry about having to leave the restaurant because Mr. Ireland did not understand that their dog provides a calming influence when they begin having anxiety and needs to be near their side. It's not that Mr. Glaser hugs the dog because he's feeling stressed, it's that the dog can predict potential stress-related reactions from their master and will behave in a way that helps redirect them before things get out of hand.
"The dog will lean on a person or put their paw on him," explained Bart Sherwood, program director for the Texas-based program Train a Dog Save a Warrior.
Jack, Mr. Glaser's dog, completed training through the program and was certified Aug. 9, Mr. Sherwood said.
But even before being certified, Mr. Glaser said, Jack has helped them since they were rescued from a Florida shelter in December, before Mr. Glaser knew what a service dog could do for someone with PTSD or similar issues.
"I didn't know what they were doing," Mr. Glaser said. "I met another vet who had a service dog and they were explaining it to me and I said, 'That's what Jack's doing.' "
That veteran explained the process of training or obtaining a service dog, and Mr. Glaser contacted Mr. Sherwood. The organization set up training sessions in Massachusetts for Mr. Glaser, who is from Nevada, and Jack because they were spending the summer in a motor home here while Mr. Glaser's wife worked.
Mr. Sherwood said veterans often have their own dogs trained if that's deemed the best route.
"They already have a bond," they said.
Other times staff members at Train a Dog Save a Warrior choose a shelter dog so they can save two lives, Mr. Sherwood explained.
That Jack and many other PTSD service dogs don't look like the Labrador retrievers or German shepherds that typically serve in such roles may be part of the reason that people fail to see how they could be providing any services.
"That's not what people are used to seeing," Mr. Sherwood said, adding that the calls he's taken about Mr. Glaser's dog are pretty typical and come in fairly frequently.
"There needs to be more and better education about this," they said.
Mr. Glaser noted that the federal Americans with Disabilities Act mentions PTSD in the section about service dogs and the conditions they treat. They said they are working to increase awareness of service dogs that may be working with veterans whose war wounds aren't visible. He'd also like to see the VA help with funding the training or the acquisition of dogs for those in need.
In the end, they said, they don't want to go back to Big I's and they don't want anyone else to eat there either.
"I made it very clear (when I left the restaurant) that I was going to do everything I could to stop America from going in there and spending one red cent," Mr. Glaser said.
Contact Kim Ring at kring@telegram.com. Follow them on Twitter @kimmring
No American movie has ever earned more in local currency in the massive Chinese film market.
Universal's The Fate of the Furious is now Hollywood's top-grossing film ever in China.
On Saturday, the latest installment in the locally beloved action franchise clocked in at 2.44 billion yuan (about $350 million) at the Chinese box office, overtaking its predecessor Furious 7, which earned an historic 2.42 billion yuan in 2015.
After its opening on April 14, Fate of the Furious, directed by F. Gary Gray and starring franchise mainstays Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson, smashed China's all-time opening-weekend records for an international film with a huge debut of $190 million.
Midway through its third weekend in North America, Fate of the Furious was expected to stay atop the chart with an estimated $18.5 million for a domestic total of $192 million through Sunday. Globally, the film just crossed the $1 billion mark.
Prior to Fate of the Furious' release, many analysts wondered how much of Furious 7's success should be attributed to a "farewell Paul Walker" effect. The franchise favorite died in a violent car crash during a hiatus in shooting in 2013, making the seventh installment the last title in which they would appear. Thus, Fate of the Furious' chances of surpassing its predecessor were considered quite uncertain.
In U.S. currency, Furious 7 still remains slightly ahead. Due to a weaker dollar at the time, the pic's 2.42 billion yuan total was valued at about $390 million in 2015 (today it would be just under $350 million). But Fate of the Furious will continue to add to its local currency record until Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 opens in China on Friday, so it may yet top Furious 7 in unadjusted U.S dollar terms as well.
Island in Rakhine, Myanmar
Ramree Island (Burmese: ရမ်းဗြဲကျွန်း; also spelt Rahmee Island) is an island off the coast of Rakhine State, Burma. The area of the island is about 1,350 square kilometres (520 sq mi) and the main populated center is Ramree.
Geography [ edit ]
The island is separated from the mainland by a narrow canal-like strait, which is only 150 metres (490 ft) wide in average. There is a bridge over the strait connecting the island with the continental shore. The highest point is Zikha Taung, 305 metres (1,001 ft) high hill located near the western shore in the southern part of the island.[1]
Nearby islands [ edit ]
Sagu Kyun is a 5-kilometre (3.1 mi) long and 4-kilometre (2.5 mi) wide island located off the southern cape of Ramree, separated from it by a 2.4-kilometre (1.5 mi) wide strait.
is a 5-kilometre (3.1 mi) long and 4-kilometre (2.5 mi) wide island located off the southern cape of Ramree, separated from it by a 2.4-kilometre (1.5 mi) wide strait. Magyi Kyun is a 2.2-kilometre (1.4 mi) long islet off the southern end of Sagu Kyun.
is a 2.2-kilometre (1.4 mi) long islet off the southern end of Sagu Kyun. Cheduba Island lies further offshore, about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the south-western coast of Ramree Island.
History [ edit ]
During World War II the Battle of Ramree Island was fought during January and February 1945, as part of the British 14th Army 1944/45 offensive on the Southern Front of the Burma Campaign. At the close of the battle, Japanese soldiers were forced into the marshes surrounding the island, and saltwater crocodiles are claimed to have eaten 400 (or 980 of them, as only 20 survived according to one account[2]) — in what the Guinness World Records has listed as "The Greatest Disaster Suffered [by humans] from Animals". However, the veracity of this story has been disputed and the facts suggest that, while a small number of Japanese soldiers were likely killed by crocodiles (the only verifiable mention is of 10-15 men killed by crocodiles while crossing Min Chaung creek near Ramree town), the vast majority likely died due to a variety of other reasons including dehydration, drowning, British gun-fire, dysentery, and perhaps even a small number to sharks as well (Platt et al. 1998).
Wildlife [ edit ]
Saltwater crocodiles were still common in the Ramree Island region up and into the 1960s, but the region no longer supports a viable population of crocodiles, likely due to hide-hunting, and by the early 1980s evidence suggested only scattered individuals remained (Thorbjarnarson et al. 2006).
Proposed pipeline [ edit ]
Ramree Island is also the location of a proposed gas pipeline system to be built on the Indian Ocean coast to the province of Yunnan in China. From a deep water port to be completed on Kyaukphyu in Rakhine State and from Ramree Island, oil from the Middle East and gas from Burma's ocean coast will be transported through the pipelines to China. The pipelines will enable China to rely less on ocean-transported oil and gas through the treacherous Strait of Malacca and will also cut two weeks off the potential transport time. The pipeline transport fees will be a source of revenue for the Burma government, on top of the sale of the gas.[3] Construction began in 2011.[4] The Myanmar section of the gas pipeline was completed on 12 June 2013 and gas started to flow to China on 21 October 2013. The oil pipeline was completed in August 2014.[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Many parents love to see their children exercise because of the many benefits that exercise and physical fitness offers to young people. Kids who exercise regularly have been shown to have higher self esteem and may have better focus at school and sleep better at night.
Another huge benefit of physical activity for kids is the high correlation between physical activity and juvenile heart health. Here are five heart healthy reasons to make sure your child is receiving the recommended hour a day of physical activity.
1. Exercise Has Been Shown to Increase Levels of HDL Cholesterol
Maintaining high levels of HDL plays a huge part in making sure that your child's heart is healthy. While some people may associate cholesterol with negative heart health, the fact is that there are two different types of cholesterol.
HDL is often referred to as good cholesterol because in effect it keeps the body's blood stream clean. HDL works to attack harmful cholesterol in the blood stream and helps lower instances of clogged arteries. Children who have higher levels of good cholesterol are much more likely to be healthy later in life and have a better chance of maintaining healthy cholesterol levels into adulthood.
2. Regular Exercise Maintains Weight
Physical fitness in children is very closely tied to their weight which, in turn, is directly related to heart health. Children who remain a healthy weight through out childhood are more likely to be fit as adults and are much less likely to suffer from conditions related to being overweight, which may include diabetes and hypertension.
In addition to being one of the key factors related to heart health, maintaining an ideal weight puts a child at much better odds for having a healthy self image.
3. Physical Fitness Helps Lower Blood Pressure
In addition to healthy cholesterol levels, a low blood pressure is tied to having good heart health. Children and adults with lower blood pressures put less strain on their cardiovascular systems. Like many other aspects of heart health, low blood pressure does matter as early as the beginning stages of childhood. Regular physical activity helps lower blood pressure and keeps weight regulated, which is also tied to having lower blood pressure.
4. Children With Good Heart Health Often Become Adults With Good Heart Health
Children who get into the habit of engaging in an hour of moderate to vigorous activity a day are much more likely to remain physically fit into adulthood. When children exercise frequently, they develop an enjoyment for a wide variety of physical activities and are less likely to view exercise as a chore as they get older.
This means that they are far more likely to benefit from exercise as they get older in many of the same ways that they do as children. A lifetime of eating well and exercising regularly greatly decreases odds of suffering from serious and even fatal diseases like heart disease.
5. Exercise Increases Endurance
When a child regularly engages in cardiovascular exercise, they build endurance, which allows them to continue exercising for longer intervals. This endurance is indicative of a healthy heart that is capable of supporting a child through increasingly longer and more difficult exercises.
In short, children who receive adequate levels of cardiovascular exercise generally become better athletes, which can yield a number of benefits that are mental as well as physical. Regular activity in young chidden puts them at much greater odds for becoming athletes and team players as adolescents and young adults. The benefits of these activities may include higher confidence and better grades as well as better leadership skills.
August 16, 2015 Warsaw to Belgrade Dangerous Heat to Ease Finally Next Week
By By Kristina Pydynowski, senior meteorologist August 16, 2015, 7:31:53 AM EDT
Dangerous heat across much of eastern Europe again on Sunday will finally begin to ease early this coming week as thunderstorms return to the region.
A ridge of high pressure has had a firm grip on eastern Europe, from around Poland and into the Balkan Peninsula, for more than a week and will not loosen its hold for yet another day.
Residents from Warsaw to Belgrade and Bucharest will continue to have to deal with temperatures soaring 7 to 11 degrees Celsius (15 to 20 degrees Fahrenheit) above normal daily. Highs of 23 C (73 F) in Warsaw, 28 C (83 F) in Belgrade and 30 C (86 F) in Bucharest are more common this time of year.
Residents should continue to take the necessary precautions to avoid suffering from heat exhaustion or heat stroke. This includes drinking plenty of water, wearing light clothing and avoiding strenuous activities during the hottest times of the day (the midday and afternoon hours).
The dome of heat will finally be broken down early this coming week as a storm system is able to push farther east than recent systems, spreading showers and thunderstorms from central Europe to the Balkans. At the same time, an area of high pressure with cooler air will build southward.
RELATED:
Detailed Forecast for Warsaw, Poland
Summer Heat Dangers: How Hot Can Outdoor Surfaces Get?
Diseased Trees and Drought in Spain, Italy Drive Up Cost of Olive Oil Across Europe
Temperatures early next week are expected to be held 6 to 12 degrees Celsius (10 to 20 degrees Fahrenheit) below this weekend's highs. Highs near 25 C (middle 70s F) in Warsaw on Tuesday will be a welcome change from temperatures soaring to or past the 30-degree C mark (upper 80s to 90s F).
Wednesday marked the ninth consecutive day of Warsaw recording a high of 32.2 C (90 F) or higher, a stretch of intense heat the city has not dealt with since the 1994 heat wave that spanned late July to the start of August.
“Amid this current heat wave, Warsaw set a new all-time August high temperature record last Saturday when the temperature peaked at 36.6 C (97.9 F),” stated AccuWeather Meteorologist Eric Leister. The previous record was 36.4 C (97.5 F) from August 1994, according to AccuWeather Meteorologist Tyler Roys.
The impending heat relief will provide the first days of more seasonable high temperatures for eastern Europe since the start of August. Energy demand will be lessened as residents will finally be able to shut off fans and air conditioners.
The return of stormy weather, however, could mean that those with outdoor plans may still face disruptions early this coming week. Instead of worrying about suffering from heat exhaustion, residents will instead have to stay alert for lightning strikes from thunderstorms.
The area of high pressure plunging the cooler air southward will work to keep the wet weather out of the Baltics, as well as most of Poland and Ukraine.
An isolated number of the thunderstorms will be heavy enough to trigger flash flooding, especially in low-lying and poor-drainage areas. Locally gusty thunderstorms may erupt as the heat initially gets erased.
Widespread and locally heavy thunderstorms will be found on Sunday from Germany, across the Alps and into Italy. While severe weather is not expected to be widespread, there could be a few gusty storms and minor flooding.
Weather Outlook across Europe
Heat relief is not the only advantage to the showers and thunderstorms early next week. Much of eastern Europe is suffering from a rainfall shortage this year, which has become worse over the summer.
Since June 1, Warsaw has received less than half of the normal (172 mm) 6.75 inches of rain. A total of (47 mm) 1.86 inches of rain has fallen in Belgrade during the same time, which is less than 30 percent of normal.
Once the storms and cooler air end the heat wave, temperatures will not be quick to soar again later next week.
Meteorologist Eric Leister contributed to this story.
Report a Typo
An Indiana woman was arrested after police found them passed out in their car from an alleged overdose as their infant son sat in the back seat, authorities said.
Police in Hope released a photo they say is of 25-year-old Erika Hurt, shown unconscious behind the wheel of their car, which was reportedly parked outside a Dollar General store Saturday.
In the picture, the woman's head is tilted back and their hand loosely grips a syringe.
As their mother was allegedly slumped over in the driver's seat, a 10-month-old baby boy sat crying in the back of the car, Town Marshal Matthew Tallent told reporters.
Hurt was revived with the opioid antidote naloxone and taken to a hospital, where they were arrested on charges of child neglect and possession of drug paraphernalia, according to the Associated Press.
Police released the image of Hunt in an effort to bring attention to what many are calling the nation's worsening problem with drug addiction, a course of action that many law enforcement officials in recent months seem to be adopting.
"This is a major issue that needs to be dealt with. It's happening all over and little kids are caught up in this... It's very frustrating," Ohio's East Liverpool Police Chief John Lane told InsideEdition.com after their department in September released photos they said captured James Acord and Rhonda Pasek overdosing on heroin as Pasek's 4-year-old grandson sat stoically in the back.
Read: 4th Case of ODing Parents With Kid Nearby Is The Latest Example of Heroin Plight Gripping America
A West Virginia mother was arrested Tuesday after they allegedly crashed their car into a restaurant with their 2-year-old son in the backseat as they overdosed on heroin, authorities said.
Kristin Tippett, 28, was charged with child neglect and creating risk of injury after they drove backwards across a Wendy's drive-thru lane and into the building, according to reports.
After they were revived with naloxone — the same drug used to revive Hurt — Tippett allegedly told police they did not know what happened, CBS reported. A needle, filters, marijuana joints and an unknown substance in a cup were reportedly found in the car.
“People like to bury their heads in the sand about this, but it's an issue that's reached almost epidemic proportions,” Lane said in September. “People like to pretend it's [isolated]… but this is the whole country.”
Bartholomew County — where Hunt was found — has experienced 22 overdoses in the past year, including two that were fatal, WTHR reported.
Hunt's son was turned over to their grandmother after the incident.
“He is well taken care of and is a super happy healthy kid, at least they won't remember what happened,” a relative wrote on Facebook.
Read: Dad Tells Son Their Mom Died From Heroin Overdose in Harrowing Video Posted to Facebook
Other loved ones voiced well wishes for Hunt, who they wrote allegedly struggled with substance abuse issues.
“Erika Hunt is a good person they really are but addiction is hard,” one person posted on social media. “I hope the best for her.”
“This girl needs prayers and good friends not shame and guilt,” another friend commented. “Let's all rally prayers for them and their family.”
Hunt posted on social media about how their life had changed for the better after their son's birth, posting in April: “He has changed my life so much, and their little face makes me the happiest mom on earth. I cherish every little ounce of unconditional love that they give me each and every day. No matter what, I am perfect in their eyes, and they are absolutely perfect in mine. I love you baby boy.”
Hunt is being held at Bartholomew County Jail without bond, online records show.
They do not yet have an attorney on record since they have not been formally charged in court, officials said.
Watch: Onlookers Gawk and Film Married Couple Passed Out In Apparent Heroin Overdose
Related Articles:
A massive power breakdown has hit large parts of India for a second day running, leaving more than half the country without electricity.
In at least 20 states, many markets, hospitals and essential services were running on backup generators.
As darkness came, others businesses resorted to candlelight to carry on working, like this chemist in Siliguri, in the north-east of India.
This officer at a driving registration and licence authority in the northern city of Chandigarh resorted to working by torchlight.
The streets of the capital, Delhi, witnessed long jams as traffic lights went out.
All Metro services in the city were halted and staff evacuated trains.
A power failure on Monday also caused severe disruption and chaos across northern India.
Travel chaos engulfed the region, with thousands of passengers stranded when train services were disrupted in Delhi, Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.
Officials said much of the network was back in operation by Tuesday evening, but with many trains in the wrong places, it is expected to take some time to get back to normal.
More than 600 million people were affected by the blackout, which the power minister blamed on some states drawing too much electricity from the grid.
The country's demand for electricity has soared in recent years as its economy has grown but its power infrastructure has been unable to meet the increasing needs.
Over the past two days, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch has endured speeches and answered questions from Senate Democrats. One case in particular caught the Democrats' attention, and it seems like a doozy.
"You rarely seem to find in favor of the little guy," Hawaii Senator Mazie Hirono told the nominee. They specifically mentioned TransAm Trucking, Inc. v. Admin. Review Brd., a case in which Gorsuch sided with the company over an employee who was fired for operating a truck in a way expressly forbidden by their employer.
Alphonse Maddin broke their company's orders. But the circumstances make it seem like they were in the right. One cold January night, after missing their fuel stop, Maddin was almost out of gas, so they pulled to the side of the highway. When they tried to get back on the highway, they could not, because the brakes on the trailer had frozen and locked up.
Maddin called the TransAm dispatcher to report the frozen brakes, and was told that a repair truck would be sent to him. While waiting, the trucker realized their heat wasn't working. After a brief nap, they realized that their torso was numb.
On a second call to the dispatcher, Maddin was told to "hang in there." Half an hour later, they broke the company's orders, unhitched the trailer from the truck, and called their supervisor to tell them that they were seeking help. The supervisor told them not to leave the trailer, but they drove off anyway.
When the repair truck arrived fifteen minutes later, Maddin drove back to meet it. A few days later, TransAm fired Maddin for abandoning the trailer. In a complaint with OSHA (the Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration), Maddin claimed that TransAm, in firing him, violated the whistleblower protections of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act (STAA).
When the case reached the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, the court sided with Maddin and against TransAm. But Gorsuch dissented. They pointed out that the STAA did not prevent a company from firing an employee who decided to operate their vehicle. The law forbade the firing of an employee for "refusing to operate a vehicle."
Gorsuch wrote that the "statute only forbids employers from firing employees who 'refuse[] to operate a vehicle' out of safety concerns. And, of course, nothing like that happened here. The trucker in this case wasn't fired for refusing to operate their vehicle. Indeed, their employer gave them the very option the statute says it must: once they voiced safety concerns, TransAm expressly — and by everyone's admission — permitted them to sit and remain where they were for help."
"The trucker was fired only after they declined the statutorily protection option (refuse to operate) and chose instead to operate their vehicle in a manner they thought wise but their employer did not," Gorsuch argued. "And there's simply no law anyone has pointed us to giving employees the right to operate their vehicles in ways their employers forbid."
Early in the morning on Sept. 16, 1810, priest Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla rang the bell of their church in the small town of Dolores, near Guanajuato, Mexico. Their parishioners gathered round, and they urged them to revolt against Spain's two-year-old Napoleonic government.
Hidalgo's call to arms, which later became known later as the Grito de Dolores (Cry of Dolores), triggered the Mexican War of Independence. Every September 15, the president of Mexico takes to the balcony of the National Palace in Mexico City to reenact it.
This year, just a week before Independence Day, a historic earthquake struck Mexico's southern coast, killing nearly 100 people. So President Enrique Peña Nieto added a poignant element to their Grito by including in the incantation a reference to the impoverished states that were most devastated by the quake, crying “Long live the solidarity of Mexicans with Chiapas and Oaxaca!”
It was a nice twist on tradition, but these two states will need more than expressions of solidarity to recover. The 8.2 magnitude quake is the strongest Mexico has experienced in 100 years, surpassing even the Sept. 19, 1985 earthquake that killed up to 40,000 people in and around Mexico City, according to the highest estimates.
It was also significantly more powerful than the recent 7.1 magnitude earthquake that killed upwards of 200 people in and around Mexico's capital on September 19.
Reuters
Natural and human-made disasters
This latest quake shook Mexico City 32 years to the day after the 1985 “big one.” I was 11 years old when the quake hit, and I recall the government of President Miguel de la Madrid reacting with what can only be described as criminal apathy: In the first days after the disaster, they prevented the army from rescuing victims and rejected international aid.
The people of Mexico City, however, took to the streets, distributing food, water and blankets among those who needed them and digging neighbors free from the rubble with their bare hands.
This time around, the death toll is significantly lower than it was in 1985: 78 fatalities in Oaxaca, 16 in Chiapas and four in Tabasco for the first earthquake, and more than 220 for the second. In part, this reflects improvements in building regulations since 1985 and the creation of both a Mexican Seismic Alert System and a National Civil Protection System.
Still, the damages are daunting. Scores of buildings in Mexico City have suffered catastrophic damage.
But it was Oaxaca and Chiapas – Mexico's two poorest states – that took the harshest blow. More than 2,500 schools have been severely harmed and 85,000 houses have been affected – more than 17,000 of them beyond repair.
Poverty makes this disaster impacts worse in the south. On average, 46 percent of Mexican households live in poverty. But 70 percent of Oaxaca's population earns less than what's needed to satisfy basic family needs, according to the government's CONEVAL agency, and 77 percent of Chiapas households do.
Reuters/Jorge Luis Plata
In both states, the lowest-income families make as little as 37 pesos (US$2) per day, less than half the the Mexican minimum wage, which is 80.04 pesos, or around $4.50 a day.
The World Bank lists Mexico as the 15th most powerful economy in the world, but its wealth has not trickled down to the southern states.
That fact has left many on the ground wondering whether the 16 billion Mexican pesos ($901 million) in federal disaster assistance being offered to 283 municipalities in Oaxaca and 97 in Chiapas will get to where it needs to go.
Unequal development in Mexico is an ongoing challenge. A recent report from the Bank of Mexico showed that during the second trimester of 2017, the Mexican economy grew in north (0.9 percent), center-north (1.2 percent) and central zones (0.7 percent), home to such powerhouse cities as Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mexico City, but contracted over 1 percent in the rural south.
If there's a silver lining to these twin earthquakes, it's that the post-disaster recovery analyses have finally shed some light on the historical neglect of Chiapas and Oaxaca, together home to around nine million Mexicans.
What the earthquake unearthed
It is not incidental that many of those residents are of indigenous descent. Upwards of 40 percent of Mexico's indigenous peoples live in the southern states of Oaxaca, Chiapas and Yucatán.
Reuters/Jorge Luis Plata
Their economic exclusion dates back to the colonial era. In 1813, a Chiapas priest, Mariano Robles Domínguez de Mazariegos, testified in Spain to the “violent humiliations” suffered by the indigenous inhabitants of Chiapas, who, they said, lived a life of “agitation and continuous terror and distress” because they were treated with such “contempt and hatred.”
More than 200 years later, on New Year's Day 1994, the Zapatistas, whose ranks consist of largely of poor Mayans from Chiapas, used similar words to justify an indigenous rebellion against the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which had just been signed.
Condemning NAFTA as a death sentence for traditional agricultural methods still practiced on collectively owned indigenous lands, the First Declaration of the Lacandona Jungle asserted that Chiapas' rural population had “nothing”: “no land, no work, no health care, no food nor education” – not even a roof over their heads.
As the recent earthquake reveals, the plight of indigenous Mexicans has not improved markedly over the past 200 years. Their homes offered tenuous shelter from the quake at at best, and their food supplies, long delicate, are now running short.
The worst and the best of Mexico
Mexico is and always will be a land of earthquakes. Pre-Columbian records report seismic activity attributed to the wrath of gods said to be unhappy about the state of human affairs.
Today, quakes still unearth the best and the worst in Mexico.
Reuters/Ginnette Riquelme
It's not clear that Peña Nieto, whose government is dogged by scandals and wildly public corruption, can make use of this crisis to bring social change to Oaxaca and Chiapas.
Other politicians are falling short of this high bar, too. In a Facebook video, the wife of Chiapas Governor Manuel Velasco, a member of Peña Nieto's inner circle, toured a ruined Chiapas home to show the administration “is helping” but lamented their “tousled” hair.
The populace, at least, is coming to its own assistance. Right after the quake in Mexico City, people formed veritable factory lines of diggers to excavate their buried neighbors and lent out bicycles so stranded colleagues could make their way home.
Residents of Mexico's southern region have also showed the country what resilience looks like, even in the face of overwhelming historic odds. In the town of Juchitán, Oaxaca, where the historic town hall pancaked after the earthquake, a man picked up a Mexican flag that had previously decorated its facade, shook off the dust and then, in an act that touched millions, they placed it atop the debris.
Word of mouth from nomadic herders led Lucas Silva into Tibetan forests and grasslands. What their team found was startling: Rapid forest growth in tune with what scientists had been expecting from climatic changes triggered by rising levels of carbon dioxide.
Actual scientific findings to date, however, had been turning up declining growths in many forests in the face of climatic changes. Such had also been the case for Silva, who joined the UO's Environmental Studies Program and Department of Geography in August.
On the eastern Tibetan Plateau -- in an area where it was thought that "climatically induced ecological thresholds had not yet been crossed" -- Silva's team found that the increasing availability of soil nutrients and water from thawing permafrost is stimulating the chemistry of the wood in a species of fir trees (Abies faxoniana).
"Our results confirmed the reports of local herders and showed a recent increase in tree growth that has been unprecedented since the year 1760," Silva said. "These result demonstrate that under a specific set of conditions, forests can respond positively to human-induced changes in climate."
The findings were published Aug. 31 in Science Advances, an online, open-access publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Nomads had reported their observations to study co-author Geng Sun of China's Chengdu Institute of Biology in Sichuan, China. The research team traveled to the region in eastern Tibet where they found old-growth forests, smaller patches of trees and trees isolated on the perimeter of the forests.
"We wanted to take a long term view of changes in tree growth across this gradient," Silva said. "To do so, we combined tree-ring measurements with laboratory analyses to look for changes in growth as well as chemical signals of climatic change."
Those techniques provided a window on the history of the area's tree growth. Dramatic increases in growth have coincided with pulses of tree establishment just outside of the forest range but apparently not yet on a broader regional scale, they said. Growth was rapid between the 1930s and 1960s, but even more accelerated in the last three decades.
Research involving plants grown in controlled laboratory and greenhouse conditions have shown that rising carbon dioxide levels can speed plant growth, but field studies have shown that carbon dioxide-induced growth could not counteract the negative effects of rising temperatures and drought stress in many forest ecosystems.
The new findings, the researchers said, suggest that studying the synergy of soil-plant-atmosphere interactions might be the key to understanding the past and predicting future changes in forest productivity and distribution.
"Our findings could have important implications for the conservation and management of many different species," Silva said. "However, it is important to note that we sampled a very small area where forests and grasslands coexist. A comprehensive survey of changes in plant diversity throughout the region has yet to be performed."
In Shanghai, breaking China's one-child policy may be A-OK but starting this May, having more than one dog will be illegal. The city will be implementing a “one-dog policy,” making over 600,000 unlicensed pups illegal. Apparently, these unauthorized doggies have been really problematic — last year, 140,000 people reported being bitten by them. Under the new rules, pet owners need to give away their unlicensed pooches, and aggressive “attack dogs” such as British bulldogs will be banned.
Now if only the government in China could figure out how to stop people from attacking other people with hammers and butcher knives.
Link
You gotta admit, people in China are going crazy with their canines, from mutating them into tigers and pandas to making them swine flu masks.
You might also like:
Winston Lord was U.S. Ambassador to China from 1985 to 1989. They were sworn in as Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs in 1993. Before assuming their duties, Ambassador Lord... More
Orville Schell is the Arthur Ross Director of the Center on U.S.-China Relations at the Asia Society in New York.  They are a former professor and Dean at the University of California, Berkeley Graduate... More
Chen Weihua is a columnist and chief Washington correspondent for China Daily and the Deputy Editor of China Daily USA. They were a Knight Fellow at Stanford University from 2004 to 2005, a World Press... More
Zha Daojiong Zha Daojiong, formerly a Senior Arthur Ross Fellow at the Center on U.S. China Relations at the Asia Society, is a Professor of International Political Economy at Peking University, where he... More
New Zealand and Canada have been singled out as the countries that best prepare students for the future, in a major study that assesses the “effectiveness” of education systems.
The Worldwide Educating for the Future Index, produced by the Economist Intelligence Unit for the Yidan Prize Foundation, evaluates education systems in 35 economies across 16 indicators, which cover the education policy environment, teaching environment and socio-economic environment.
The report, which covers education between ages 15 and 24, concentrates on “inputs” such as government expenditure on post-secondary education, the quality of teacher education, cultural diversity and tolerance, as opposed to “outputs” such as test scores, in order to judge how students are being readied to master “interpersonal, problem-solving and critical-thinking skills, and navigate an increasingly digital and automated world”.
When all three environments are considered, small and rich countries generally come out top; the five highest ranked are New Zealand, Canada, Finland, Switzerland and Singapore. The UK is sixth overall, while the US is 12th.
New Zealand also comes top in the teaching environment category, which accounts for 50 per cent of the overall score.
The Antipodean nation earned full marks for its curriculum framework for future skills, the effectiveness of its policy implementation system, teacher education, government education expenditure, career counselling in schools, collaboration between universities and industry, and cultural diversity and tolerance, according to the report.
“The reasons behind this success are twofold. Firstly, New Zealand views educating for future skills as a broadly-agreed strategic imperative: it is a small and remote country, with the vigilance that comes with knowing that it has little choice but to be globally competitive,” according to the study.
“Secondly, it has a systematic government-led approach to making its education system fit for purpose, across technology, teaching, curriculum and collaboration with industry.”
Singapore comes top when countries are assessed only on their education policy environment, while Finland takes first place for socio-economic environment.
But, more than half of the economies in the index are failing to invest in or effectively assess skills needed for the future, it is claimed.
The study highlights Taiwan, which comes 19th overall despite its reputation for strong teaching in STEM disciplines, and the “start-up nation” Israel, which is 26th, as “prominent disappointments”.
The two countries supplying the largest pool of workers in the world, India and China, are also below average (at 29th and 31st respectively).
In contrast, Argentina, which is 20th in the ranking, is singled out as a country that is punching above its weight.
The Latin American country is the highest-ranked middle-income nation in the table, and is showing signs of progress in areas such as quality of teacher education and qualifications, education expenditure, and curriculum and assessment frameworks, according to the research.
The study also found that there is a strong correlation between societies that are open and those that prepare their young people effectively for an uncertain future.
Worldwide Educating for the Future Index: top 10
Rank Country Score 1 New Zealand 88.9 2 Canada 86.7 3 Finland 85.5 4 Switzerland 81.5 5 Singapore 80.1 6 UK 79.5 7 Japan 77.2 8 Australia 77.1 9 Netherlands 76.2 10 Germany 75.3
Note: scores are out of 100
ellie.bothwell@timeshighereducation.com
The real injury may be to a man's psyche. (Photo by Mark Hooper/UpperCut Images/Getty Images)
When a man contemplates ending their fertility with a surgery colloquially referred to as “getting snipped,” they spend a lot of time agonizing over the physical impact. What rarely crosses their mind: the psychological blow sterility might deliver.
At least it didn't cross my mind.
It wasn't until I was sitting in my vasectomy consultation a few months ago that it hit me how little I knew about the procedure. Sure, I had debriefed my already snipped buddies, but the most they offered up were broad assurances along the lines of “It wasn't as bad as I expected.” They left out the fact that my scrotum would be sliced and my vas deferens cut and soldered. Oh, and that the outcome is irreversible.
A vasectomy is, in fact, permanent birth control for men. It's an opportunity for a guy to step up and take responsibility in family planning, said Jonathan Stack, documentary filmmaker and cofounder of World Vasectomy Day, celebrated — if you can use that word so boldly — on Nov. 7. Most forms of birth control are temporary and not 100 percent effective. And more often than not, the burden of control is placed on the woman, whether they get an IUD or has to continuously take the pill. “I think there's something very heroic and noble about a man saying, ‘Hey, I'll take this one on,'” said Stack. “Vasectomies are all about choice. There is no medical reason to get one. You do it because it's what you want to do, and that should feel empowering.”
It's an interesting way to think about a procedure that ends a dude's power to procreate. And I wish I had heard Stack's pep talk before my vasectomy, because I struggled with letting go of the biological ability to father children, even though my wife and I had decided we were finished growing our family.
Related: Long Considered a Threat, Viagra May Help Treat Heart Disease
Turns out, I'm not alone. Last year, Stack and urologist Doug Stein promoted the first ever World Vasectomy Day to help men and families work through the same thought process that was tripping me up. Stein, who has performed more than 33,000 vasectomies worldwide, said the decision's degree of difficulty varies from person to person. “For the guy who planned on only having two children and now has four, a vasectomy is a pretty easy choice to make,” they said. “The men who struggle philosophically with the decision are the ones who should proceed more slowly.”
The surgery itself was pretty uneventful. In fact, I almost wished there was more fanfare — or even pain — involved, given the finality of the event. It's like, “Hey, I'll be sterile for the rest of my life, can I get a drumroll over here?” But no, it was just a mechanical, matter-of-fact sequence that lasted 10 minutes, tops.
Related: 5 Alternatives to Viagra Worth Trying
As I sat around my house in the days that followed, frozen peas in my lap, I slid into a nasty funk. Stein said that in their experience, most guys feel relief when it's over, knowing that in a couple of months (once the leftover sperm are ejaculated or no longer viable) they can have worry-free sex with their partners. They said some guys might feel regret at some point if they weren't completely sure of their decision. But even though I was sure, I needed to mourn my loss.
"I think that sense of loss you felt is a healthy part of the process," Stack assured me. "World Vasectomy Day is an opportunity for those kinds of conversations to happen collectively as well as individually. It's easier to do these things when you feel like it's serving a greater purpose.”
He's right. And now that I'm fully healed and feeling like my old self again, I can see the greater purpose. Our family is complete, so my wife should not have to worry about the physical and emotional stress of getting pregnant again. They deserved to be liberated from that concern, and by making this choice, I have put their mind at ease. That makes me feel like more of a man than ever.
Does Getting Snip Affect Sex Drive?
One of the biggest fears that persist about having a vasectomy is that it will negatively impact a guy's libido — or worse, their ability to perform in the bedroom. It doesn't. At all. Not only can a man still get aroused, they can still ejaculate during sex; the semen looks and feels the same — it just doesn't contain sperm. Unlike hysterectomies in women, which can cause hormonal imbalances that dampen sex drive, vasectomies do not mess with testosterone levels in men.
Former Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona who survived an assassination attempt in 2011, flanked by Rep. Mike Thompson, D-Calif., left, and Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., right, joins House Democrats in a call for action on gun safety legislation on the House steps Wednesday morning after the deadly mass shooting in Las Vegas this week, at the Capitol in Washington, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senior congressional Republicans said Wednesday they are open to considering legislation banning “bump stocks” like the shooter in Las Vegas apparently used to make semi-automatic rifles perform more like fully automatic weapons.
The comments from lawmakers including the No. 2 Senate Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, marked a surprising departure from GOP lawmakers' general antipathy to gun regulations of any kind. But they were far from a guarantee of a path forward for the new legislation by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., especially with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan making clear their priorities are elsewhere.
“If somebody can essentially convert a semi-automatic weapon by buying one of these and utilizing it and cause the kind of mayhem and mass casualties that we saw in Las Vegas, that's something of obvious concern that we ought to explore,” Cornyn told reporters.
“I own a lot of guns and as a hunter and sportsman I think that's our right as Americans, but I don't understand the use of this bump stock and that's another reason to have a hearing.”
Cornyn later said he'd spoken with Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, and that Grassley was interested in convening a hearing.
The devices, known as “bump stocks” among other names, are legal and originally were intended to help people with limited hand mobility fire a semi-automatic without the individual trigger pulls required. They can fit over the rear shoulder-stock assembly on a semi-automatic rifle and with applied pressure cause the weapon to fire continuously, increasing the rate from between 45 and 60 rounds per minute to between 400 and 800 rounds per minute, according to Feinstein's office.
The government gave its seal of approval to selling the devices in 2010 after concluding that they did not violate federal law.
Feinstein has a career-long history on the issue of guns after becoming mayor in San Francisco after their predecessor was gunned down. They authored an assault weapons ban that was in place for a decade before expiring in 2004, and said they had been considering trying to reintroduce that more sweeping legislation, as she's done unsuccessfully after past mass shootings, including the one at Sandy Hook elementary school in Connecticut. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer urged them to go with a narrower bill that might be likelier to draw support.
Feinstein pleaded with the public to pressure Congress to consider their legislation after the horrific violence earlier this week when a gunman killed 58 people and injured hundreds at an outdoor concert that they said their own daughter had considered attending.
“Mr. and Mrs. America, you have to stand up, you have to say ‘enough is enough,'” Feinstein said. “Why can't we keep a weapon from becoming a military-grade weapon?”
The National Rifle Association, which has played a major role in exerting political pressure against gun curbs, did not respond to inquiries about its stance on Feinstein's bill.
At least one Republican senator, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, said outright they were prepared to vote to ban bump stocks. “I have no problem in banning those,” they said.
Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Republican senator, said, “I'm interested in finding out more about bump stocks and I've got my staff looking into that and I know there are other members interested in finding out more about it as well.”
Even so, asked Tuesday about bump stocks and whether they should be legal, McConnell, R-Ky., said it was not an appropriate time to be discussing legislation.
Ryan, R-Wis., made similar comments Wednesday in a radio interview on WISN in Milwaukee.
“What I don't think you want your government to do is to lurch toward reactions before even having all the facts,” Ryan said. “Bad people are going to do bad things.”
In the House, meanwhile, Rep. David Cicilline, D-R.I., introduced a bill to ban the manufacture, possession, transfer, sale or importation of bump stocks. Rep. Dina Titus, D-Nev., whose district includes the site of Sunday night's rampage, said: “The victims and families in Las Vegas don't need an explanation about the difference between machine guns and firearms with bump stocks. They need action.”
Congress' recent history gives little cause to think Republicans would take any action on guns. Even after the 2012 Sandy Hook shooting where schoolchildren were slaughtered, Feinstein's reintroduced assault weapons ban went nowhere, and bipartisan background check legislation by Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania fell short on the Senate floor.
Last year, after the mass shooting at a dance club in Orlando, Florida, Democrats commandeered the House floor to protest GOP inaction on guns, but while garnering headlines the tactic did not yield results. Shooting incidents involving lawmakers themselves, like at a baseball practice earlier this year where Majority Whip Steve Scalise was critically injured, have not changed the calculus.
Feinstein held out hope that this time would be different because of the scale of casualties and the weaponry “taking it into war.” And Manchin said that they planned to meet with Toomey on the background checks bill, but would not reintroduce it without significant GOP support, which they said “ain't going to happen unless the president gives their stamp of approval.”
President Donald Trump visited Las Vegas on Wednesday but said “We're not going to talk about that today” when asked about gun issues.
___=
Associated Press writer Matthew Daly contributed.
The new Rangers started life outside the top flight of Scottish football with a victory over Brechin City - but only after extra time at Glebe Park.
It looked like they would stroll to victory in the first round of the Ramsdens Cup when Andy Little fired them ahead after four minutes.
Andy Jackson, though, pounced on a defensive error to slot the equaliser two minutes before half-time.
But Lee McCulloch, who set up the opener, headed in after 102 minutes.
Media playback is not supported on this device Interview - Rangers manager Ally McCoist
Rangers' first appearance in the Challenge Cup - the competition for senior clubs outside of the Scottish Premier League - followed the old club's financial meltdown.
However, despite the exit of a number of top players unwilling to play in Division Three this season, the new Rangers created by Charles Green's consortium still featured some familiar faces.
United States captain Carlos Bocanegra and Romania international Dorin Goian were in defence, while Scotland internationals McCulloch, Neil Alexander, Lee Wallace and Kirk Broadfoot also started.
Receipt of a Scottish Football Association membership, albeit temporary because of continuing negotiations over conditions of entry, had gone to the wire on Friday.
Bocanegra prepares to take to the field in unfamiliar surroundings for Rangers
It meant that their first signings - former Hearts midfielder Ian Black and returning forward Little - had to be listed as trialists, while manager Ally McCoist could only muster enough personnel to fill four of the five substitutes places.
Lewis MacLeod, an 18-year-old midfielder, was handed a first-team debut, while 17-year-old forward Barrie McKay made their first start and was the first to threaten with a dipping long-range drive that slipped just over the crossbar.
Rangers' visit had ensured a sell-out crowd and the visitors' loyal following were given early cause to cheer when veteran McCulloch set up Little for the opener.
The Northern Ireland striker had already tested Brechin goalkeeper Michael Andrews with a low drive and this time flicked it beyond the summer signing from Montrose.
Craig Molloy forced Alexander into a good save with a low drive following some slackness from Wallace, but the flow of pressure was on the Brechin goal for most of the first half.
Andrews saved well from Broadfoot and Wallace, while Little had a decent shout for a penalty rejected by referee George Salmond following a challenge from behind by Johnny Brown.
Brechin survived and, when Broadfoot mis-judged a header, new Brechin signing Jackson held off a half-hearted challenge from Goian and rolled the ball under Alexander.
Rangers looked understandably rusty considering the lack of an SFA membership had prevented them playing pre-season friendlies.
Molloy should have done better than volley over the visitors' crossbar from 12 yards shortly after the break.
However, as the summer rain swept across Glebe Park, it was the Second Division part-timers whose stamina was being tested as Rangers lay siege on the Brechin goal.
McKay had a close-range effort deflected over and there were strong claims for a penalty as a McCulloch drive struck Paul McLean's arm.
Brechin continued to hang on to their dream of a famous victory into added time and went close themselves through a David McKenna drive that was deflected just over.
However, McCulloch rose to power a header into the net from a MacLeod corner to give Rangers a winning start to their adventure under the auspices of the Scottish Football League.
Brechin: Andrews, McLean, Moyes, McLauchlan, Brown, Ryan Stewart (Jonathan Stewart 82), Brady, Molloy, Carcary (Dalziel 62), McKenna (Fusco 111), Jackson. Subs Not Used: Nelson, Murdoch.
Booked: Ryan Stewart, McLean, Moyes.
Goals: Jackson 43.
Rangers: Alexander, Goian, Bocanegra, Broadfoot, Wallace, McKay (Naismith 96), Black, Hutton, Macleod, Little (Crawford 111), McCulloch. Subs Not Used: Gallacher, Cole.
Booked: Little, Black.
Goals: Little 4, McCulloch 102.
Att: 4,123
Ref: George Salmond
After months of fierce fighting, ISIS captured the town of Palmyra northeast of Syria's capital Damascus on Thursday, leaving the group in control of more than half of the country's territory — and raising fears among experts that its fighters will begin smashing spectacular ancient sites.
Set on the strategic road linking Damascus to Deir al-Zour in eastern Syria, Palmyra contains ruins dating back 2,000 years from what was once one of the most prosperous and culturally rich cities of the Roman Empire. Until war erupted in 2011, thousands of tourists visited the site, which adjoins the modern-day town of Palmyra. In the middle of the ancient city is a colonnaded street, and nearby is a huge ancient amphitheater, and towering ancient temples with monumental arches and columns.
Those are all irreplaceable historic treasures, say cultural experts. “Any destruction of Palmyra is not just a war crime, it will mean an enormous loss for humanity,” Irina Bokova, director general of UNESCO, the U.N.'s cultural organization, said in a video appeal early Thursday, just hours before the militant group, the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria, seized control of the city. “We just have to make everything possible to prevent its destruction. We need total mobilization of the international community.”
ISIS's capture of Palmyra comes after months in which its fighters have systematically destroyed ancient ruins and artifacts, including smashing statues in the museum of Mosul, which the group captured last June. ISIS claims the antiquities, which far predate the arrival of Islam, represent idol worship, which violates the group's ideals. Both Iraq and Syria were key trading centers for the ancient empires and contain numerous important sites.
Quantities of ancient artifacts have also been lost to looting and smuggling, with Syrians selling them to criminal networks across the border for trade on international markets. UNESCO staff have helped Syrians to ferry artifacts out of the war zone, and have trained Interpol, border officials and even art auctioneers in how to detect looted items. “We're doing a lot of effort on all movable objects to get them to safer places,” says Karim Hendili of UNESCO's World Heritage Center in Paris. UNESCO declared the ancient city a world heritage site in 1980.
As ISIS fighters steadily closed in on the city in recent weeks, Syrians began a furious effort to smuggle out to safety whatever antiquities they could, in order to prevent them being destroyed, should Palmyra fall. The effort began two months ago and accelerated this month as ISIS's victory looked increasingly likely, according to Cheikmous Ali, of the Association for the Protection of Syrian Archaeology, a volunteer group that has coordinated clandestine rescues for ancient items in areas now controlled by ISIS. Ali told the BBC on Thursday that the group had managed to remove many antiquities from Palmyra. “Some objects are still there,” they said. “It is not 100% empty.”
But experts cannot say for sure how much of Palmyra's ancient treasures might have been lost or destroyed in years of war. Indeed, they might well have to wait until ISIS posts video from the ground, before knowing the true extent of what has been lost, or is at risk. “As long as we cannot go on the ground to assess accurately it is difficult to say,” Hendili tells TIME. “What we know is that recently the fighting between the Syrian government and the extremists got closer and closer to the site. But the site is very big, with an oasis and a citadel. We will have to cross-check before we know the situation.”
See the Ancient Syrian City of Palmyra That Was Captured by ISIS Joseph Eid—AFP/Getty Images Joseph Eid—AFP/Getty Images Joseph Eid—AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images Omar Sanadi—Reuters Joseph Eid—AFP/Getty Images 1 of 6 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
After confronting the truth that we have only one year of water left, California passed new water restrictions today which are WIMPY AS HELL. Here, California, I fixed them for you.
Admittedly, the impact of these restrictions is lessened because many of the state's cities already have their own water restrictions. But even where the new mandates have good intentions, like restricting landscaping irrigation to two days a week or waiting until 48 hours after measurable rainfall before watering, they still fall painfully short. And some are just laughable. Restaurants can only provide water "on request"? Hotels should "offer" guests the option of not having their towels washed daily? So timid! (And I'm sorry, if you require more than one towel during the average hotel stay you probably shouldn't be allowed to stay in said hotel.)
Advertisement
Let's get real. Here's what California needs to do now.
Kill all lawns
It is time for California to join the decent people in the rest of the Western United States, where residents have the sense to let their lawns go dormant during the dry season. When the water that falls from the sky is not enough to perpetuate your yard's emerald hue, it is not okay to spew your hose upon it for hours at a time. Stop watering your lawn. If you're really attached to that swatch of turf, it will come back when it rains.
Advertisement
That includes golf courses
Any green space which was not expressly created for the public's use and well-being should also be required to "brown out." That means golf courses, corporate campuses. Exempt: Parks, schools. Cemeteries are allowed to paint the brown grass green.
And also car washes
What if a car wash was prohibitively expensive in the way that gas prices sometimes are? You wouldn't drive your car, right? You might not even own a car, right? Solves several problems at once.
Advertisement
Require cities to landscape with native plants
Even more effective than asking cities to cut back on watering public landscaping is requiring them to use native, drought-tolerant plants in the first place. This needs to happen yesterday. City landscapers can pass along their wisdom to the public through workshops at neighborhood nurseries, which should jack up the prices of non-native plants.
Implement lawn "buy back" programs
If the state really wants to get serious about changing the conversation around the drought it needs to pay people to make the change. Los Angeles already has a successful program which offers $3.75 per square foot for people who choose to replace their lawns with drought-tolerant plants. There is no reason why this can't be implemented across the state to foster true impact.
Advertisement
Ban the bottling of water in the state
Because bottled water is BULLSHIT. But also because most of the bottled water in the US comes from the places in California experiencing the worst drought.
Mandate enforcement of water restrictions
The biggest problem with these restrictions is that most of these restrictions carry no penalties whatsoever. There are fines, maybe, but no one reports the offenders, and no one follows up from the city. Wait, cities don't have the manpower to send the water police out in force? That's why we need to...
Advertisement
Launch a #waterhog campaign
See a green lawn? #waterhog Notice a business with sprinklers on? #waterhog Catch someone sprays down their Lexus? #waterhog Geotagged, hashtagged social media posts would not only file an official complaint with the state which could be followed up with a fine, like a 311 report does in many cities, but they also publicly shame the offender.
Appoint a water czar
California, land of celebrities who are using their large numbers of Instagram followers to promote caffeinated booze: Why hasn't a big name taken on this cause? Perhaps because most of them are too busy trucking in water for their own lawns? Jerry Brown needs a high-profile celebrity to deliver some real talk about the drought by posting overshare-y "if it's yellow let it mellow" videos to Snapchat.
Advertisement
Assemble a tech task force
Where is the Hyperloop for water? Why aren't there more desalination startups? Who is promoting dietary alternatives to meat and almonds and all the other resource-sucking foods which are parching the Central Valley? We have no shortage of people who are working every day to tackle stunningly brilliant solutions to the world's problems. Let's get them working on the biggest issue the state has ever confronted. Plus there's plenty of opportunity for tech companies to recoup some of their intellectual capital. For example, Google could simply repurpose its entire Glass team as Google Glass (of Water), and help envision a better, brighter future for California.
AP Photo/Jae C. Hong
A product listing on Xbox.com confirms the release of Sonic Adventure 2 this October for Xbox Live Arcade.
PlayStation 3 and Steam versions are also likely coming, though Sega has not made any formal announcements at this time. Game Informer has contacted the company for additional details.
Here's the full listing, which has since been removed:
In the fight between heroes and villains, will you choose to save the world or conquer it? The hunt for the Chaos Emeralds is on and battle lines have been drawn between Hero and Dark. Experience two unique adventures featuring both long-time heroes and new and returning villains as they battle for the fate of the world!
Sonic Adventure 2 makes its return on Xbox Live Arcade with a full cast of playable heroes and villains, exciting two-player competitive modes, Chao Gardens, and more than 30 action-packed stages, all remastered in HD!
[Source: Xbox.com via NeoGAF]
Collected by Gabriel A. Cordova, Jr. part of g-world | a virtual theme park | www.g-world.org
Introduction
My grandfather knew everything. Or so it seemed to me - they were a scholar, they spoke 12 languages, worked for NASA and the State Department, could hook up any kind of stereo equipment, and proved that - despite the opinions of some - no matter how far you go in life, you are helped along that road by your heritage.
I would sit for hours in their library in San Jose, California reading Ferdinand the Bull (or struggling, as it was in Spanish) and other Spanish folktales they had collected.
It was not until they left this world in 1995 that the original manuscript for this collection surfaced from a box in the basement.
Their profound wish in collecting these - and other - stories from the people of northern Mexico and southwestern Texas was to keep them alive in an era when verbal communication seems to be a thing of the past. With the advent of the Internet, their collection has become accessible to the entire world. But they are now only letters on a computer screen. These stories were told to my grandfather by family and friends in 1951 - a time when a computer filled an entire warehouse with vacuum tubes and thick wiring - recorded on reel-to-reel tapes which now find a place in my living room. Now I sit at my dining room table typing on a laptop computer that is a hundred times more powerful than those mechanical behemoths, an indication of our future - and one that I hope will serve to preserve the best parts of our past.
As you read these, imagine, if you will, the front porch at 3412 Louisville Street in El Paso, Texas. Sit down on the creaky metal porch glider, have a glass of leché and some cookies, and listen to your Abuelita as they tell you a story.
Gene Cowan
Washington, DC
March, 1997
Preface
The Texas Mexican Border is extremely rich in all kinds of folklore - much of it is traceable to European sources and analogues. The region is isolated and not readily accessible to professional folklorists, however, and consequently it has been very little studied.
The present collection brings together for the first time a representative, though not inclusive, sampling of one type of popular cuento - the tale of magic - which still flourishes on both sides of the Border. The stories included are very close to types of the magic tale found in Europe, and most of them show astonishing similarities.
Since the Conquest, Chihuahua and Paso del Norte, now Cidudad Juarez, have always been the principal settlements on the Camino Real. Ysleta, twelve miles east of modern El Paso, is actually a 'sport', an illegitimate offshoot of Isleta, New Mexico, generated by the Pueblo Revolt of 1680. Thus it seems a logical supposition that this region represents a distillation of Spanish-American folklore. Native New Mexicans settled within a few miles of Mexicans, members of each group retaining their own traditional culture.
The sources of the material presented in this study are many and varied. Material was garnered from my family; from contacts established while I was a official interpreter for the El Paso Municipal Courts; from unlettered, humble gente del pueblo whose families have lived for generations in the same home; old vaqueros who have never been beyond the borders of their haciendas in all their long years of life; all however, retaining the legendary traditions of their Spanish forefathers.
The more extensive field work was done during the summers of 1949 and 1950. The area visited included El Paso County, Texas, Dona Ana County, New Mexico, and practically all of Northern Chihuahua, Mexico. Four of the tales in this study were told to me by residents of Chihuahua and six by residents of El Paso County. However, these particular tales, with little or no variation, were found throughout the whole region.
In the search for material I took extreme care in the choosing of narrators. First I made certain that the people interviewed were indigenous to the community. Secondly, I gave free rein to the narrator in their choice of tales. I asked them for cuentos y leyendas de today clases, tales and legends of all kinds. Consequently, I harvested material of various kinds. As a result I was able to record a great deal of colorful folk material - native remedies for curing all kinds of ailments; old ballads from Spain and France, with two, perhaps Irish in origin; tales of witches, ghosts, lost treasures, lost mine; anecdotes, riddles, and children's games. These ten magic tales represent only a small part of the traditional material I was able to record.
When any folktale persists in the same locality from generation to generation, it inevitably acquires a traditional language pattern, and its real oral value is preserved only when its peculiar idiom is retained in its narration. To preserve this tradition, the informant was asked to tell their tale slowly in their own language, that it might be copied faithfully, just as it was recited.
All the tales are transcribed in the Spanish of the people. No attempt has been made to go into the phonology and morphology of the language since the stories are indented as a contribution to folklore and not to dialectology. In some cases it was necessary, for the sake of clearness, to make the language uniform. Slang phrases and colloquialisms were changed enough so that the meaning of a particular work or phrase would be clear to readers unacquainted with Border patois.
English translations and comparative notes are presented after the Spanish versions of the tales. It should be kept in mind that the object has not been to translate the Spanish word for word, but rather to retain the spark that makes the folktale glow. Nothing, however, has been added or deleted from any cuento.
The Aarne-Thompson Types of the Folktale was the basic text used in cataloguing the tales. Most of the stories fall automatically into the categories set up by Thompson but where no existing type examples of a particular story were found, the comparative classification is clearly indicated as being only tentative. Ralph S. Boggs' Index of Spanish Folktales was not used extensively since their classifications are based on the Aarne-Thompson system.
It is interesting to note that not a single one of the Indian narrators interviewed contributed a story basically native in origin. The Tarahumares from Sisoguichic and Cusihuiriachic, and the old Tomochics from Guerrero all related well known Spanish tales. This fact, then, supports the theory current among folklorists, that the folklore of Spanish-America is fundamentally and primarily Iberic in origin.
A complete study of Texas-Mexican folklore would prove a project worthy of serious consideration at the earliest possible time. Notwithstanding the fact that the bulk of this material is still extant, it will come increasingly difficult to gather as time goes on. The old generations are dying out, and the new ones display scant interest in the old traditions.
I am deeply grateful to those who contributed to this study; to all my narrators and to all those who still preserve the old traditions, Hasta Luego!
Y entro por un callejon y salgo por otro
y cuenteme uste otro...
Gabriel Cordova
El Paso, Texas
May, 1951
BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany's Social Democrats came under growing pressure on Thursday to drop their opposition to a new “grand coalition” with Angela Merkel's conservatives, with senior politicians arguing the party had a duty to promote stability.
Merkel is facing the biggest political crisis of their career since efforts to forge a three-way coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens collapsed last weekend. That has raised worries across Europe of a prolonged leadership vacuum in the continent's economic powerhouse.
The Social Democrats (SPD) have governed in coalition under Merkel since 2013. But leader Martin Schulz said the party must heed the will of voters by going into opposition after achieving its worst result of the postwar period in the Sept. 24 election.
Pressure is growing on the party to revisit their decision, either by agreeing to prop up a conservative-led minority government by not voting against it, or by forming a renewed coalition.
In either case, the position of Schulz as party leader could become untenable. If changing course and teaming up with the conservatives requires a change of leadership at the SPD, that would be unlikely before a party conference on Dec. 7-9.
Schulz held a lengthy meeting with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, a former SPD lawmaker and foreign minister, on Thursday afternoon before heading to party headquarters to consult senior party members. Steinmeier is trying to help facilitate a coalition government and avoid fresh elections.
“We will talk about if and how one can get a federal government in Germany,” a senior SPD member said ahead of the meeting, adding that one option on the table was to support Merkel only indirectly by not blocking a minority government.
But Stephan Weil, the SPD premier of the state of Lower Saxony, one of the party's most influential figures after they defied polls by winning re-election this year, implied a full coalition would preferable to a minority government.
“Minority governments are fragile constructs,” they told the RND newspaper consortium. The SPD had to chart a path between a party rank-and-file reluctant to repeat the bruising experience of a grand coalition and its democratic obligations.
Related Coverage Germany's CSU denies report Seehofer to quit as Bavaria premier
“Everyone understands that the stakes are high, involving the stability of an extremely important member of the European Union,” they added.
Volker Kauder, leader of the conservative parliamentary group and a key ally Merkel ally, echoed the sentiment, calling for the grand coalition to be reprised.
WAITING FOR AN ANSWER
“Europe is waiting for a Germany capable of acting so that it can finally respond to the questions raised by French President (Emmanuel) Macron,” they said, referring to Macron's call for fiscal reforms to strengthen the euro zone.
Germany, the world's fourth largest economy, has long been a bastion of stability in the EU, and officials in Brussels and Paris fear months of political uncertainty could harm plans to reform euro zone governance and EU defense and asylum policies.
Merkel, who remains acting chancellor until a new government is agreed, has said they would prefer to work with the SPD, but if that option fails, they would favor new elections over an unstable minority government.
Another election would also provide no speedy resolution. Under Germany's constitution, the president could call another election only after Merkel had lost several votes in the Bundestag — a process that could take several months.
The mass-circulation Bild newspaper reported on Wednesday that 30 members of the SPD's 153-strong parliamentary group this week had questioned Schulz's preference for going into opposition during a meeting of the parliamentary party.
Speaking to ZDF television on Thursday, SPD deputy leader Karl Lauterbach said their party might have to rethink its opposition to another “grand coalition”, but added they were still skeptical about joining one led by Merkel.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and CDU/CSU parliamentary group chair Volker Kauder attend a meeting at the Bundestag in Berlin, Germany, November 20, 2017. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt
The SPD supports Macron's proposal to give the euro zone the power to spend money to protect members of the single currency bloc against external shocks.
If the SPD changes tack about a “grand coalition”, however, the leader of Merkel's sister party in the state of Bavaria, the Christian Social Union (CSU), said on Thursday it should not expect the conservatives to grant any significant concessions.
“We can't be blackmailed,” said Horst Seehofer, who is themselves fighting to hang on as CSU leader in the face of internal opposition.
N.Y. Restricts Public-Employee Travel To North Carolina Over LGBT Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mike Groll/AP Mike Groll/AP
New York state has joined the cities of Seattle, San Francisco and New York in restricting non-essential public-employee travel to North Carolina. The moves are in response to a newly passed North Carolina law that critics say is discriminatory to the LGBT community.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's executive order bans "all taxpayer-funded trips to North Carolina, unless they're essential to public health or law enforcement," NPR's Hansi Lo Wang tells our Newscast unit.
"From Stonewall to marriage equality, our state has been a beacon of hope and equality for the LGBT community, and we will not stand idly by as misguided legislation replicates the discrimination of the past," Cuomo said in a statement. "As long as there is a law in North Carolina that creates the grounds for discrimination against LGBT people, I am barring non-essential travel to the state."
The North Carolina measure was passed last week in a special session by the state's Legislature and then immediately signed by Gov. Pat McCrory. It "blocks local governments from passing anti-discrimination rules to grant protections to gay and transgender people," as the Two-Way has reported.
It also bars transgender people from using the single-sex restrooms and changing rooms that correspond to their gender identity.
The New York state executive order, which took effect immediately, requires a review of all requests for state-funded or state-sponsored travel to North Carolina, and bars any such travel unless it is necessary for enforcing state law, meeting contractual obligations, or "for the protection of public health, welfare and safety."
Cuomo issued a similar order last year for travel to Indiana in response to a "religious freedom" measure in that state. They later reversed the order when the law was amended.
San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee announced Friday that they have barred publicly funded city-employee travel to North Carolina "that is not absolutely necessary to public health and safety."
On Monday, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray banned "official City of Seattle travel by employees to North Carolina." They threatened to issue new orders against travel to any state that passes similar legislation.
And New York Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters Monday that their office had "initiated a non-essential travel ban for North Carolina."
News !
As you'll see below, the Stamina competition is now closed. Congratulations to the winners once again!
This website has been officially closed on 21 of March 2018, meaning that all features related to the competition
itself have been disabled (login, compete, submissions, etc). You can still download the training and test sets, though. Please send an email to blambeau@gmail.com with any question.
However, we are currently in the process of updating this website to become an online benchmark for grammar induction (applied to software model synthesis). This means that you can still download training and test sets, register and participate, use the oracle (once registered), and … try to outperform the winning algorithm!.
Our new benchmarking oracle is more verbose as it reports your exact score after submitting a solution rather than a simple success/failure answer. We hope that you'll use and enjoy it. Additional features will be added as soon as we can! Feel free to contact us with any question and/or idea.
The Stamina Organizers.
About
The STAMINA (STAte Machine INference Approaches) competition aims to identify the best technique for learning deterministic finite state machines (FSMs). It extends former competitions, especially Abbadingo, and focusses on the complexity of the learning with respect to the alphabet size. Stamina relies on an adapted generation protocol for target machines and strings. It aims to encourage the development of novel learning algorithms and to encourage cross-fertilization between the machine learning and software engineering communities. A prize of £700 (about $1146) will be awarded to the winner.
The most significant contributions will be selected by the competition organizers and their authors will also be invited to submit their work in a special issue of the Journal of Empirical Software Engineering.
Additional details are given on the protocol page; see also instructions to participate. Implementation of baseline learning algorithms is provided. You can also download the training and test samples, and create a competitor account (required to submit results).
The Competition is closed !
The competition ended on the 31st December 2010. Submissions are no longer taken into account for computing the grid below, even if the oracle stays available in your participant section! The offical winners are:
Marijn Heule (TU Delft) and Sicco Verwer (TU Eindhoven, photo)
with the DFASAT algorithm
Congratulations to them !!
Competition grid
The grids below provide feedback about the competition results. The first one presents cell winners and best challengers so far.
Cell winners and best challengers Sparsity of the training sample 100% 50% 25% 12.5% Alphabet size 2 MVdPyA/Equipo MVdPyA/Menor 5 DFASAT / DFASAT DFASAT / DFASAT 10 DFASAT / DFASAT DFASAT / DFASAT 20 DFASAT / DFASAT DFASAT / DFASAT 50 DFASAT / DFASAT DFASAT / DFASAT
This second grid presents statistics about challengers and submissions: # challengers with the cell broken / # challengers with at least one problem broken / total # of submissions for the cell.
Statistics about the submissions Sparsity of the training sample 100% 50% 25% 12.5% Alphabet size 2 2 / 5 / 138 0 / 4 / 411 0 / 0 / 82 0 / 0 / 44 5 1 / 1 / 153 0 / 1 / 188 0 / 0 / 22 0 / 0 / 18 10 1 / 1 / 128 0 / 1 / 100 0 / 0 / 16 0 / 0 / 16 20 1 / 1 / 80 0 / 1 / 94 0 / 0 / 11 0 / 0 / 10 50 1 / 1 / 164 1 / 1 / 122 0 / 0 / 59 0 / 0 / 17
Organizers & Contact
Please send an email to stamina@listes.uclouvain.be with any questions.
By Annabelle Bamforth
The Devon and Cornwall police force, tasked with the patrol of the largest geographical area in England, are pioneering perpetual drone surveillance by establishing an unprecedented 24-hour drone surveillance of its patrol area set to begin this summer.
The police drones, also identified as “unmanned aerial systems,” have undergone smaller tests last year. Multiple reports state that the drones will mostly be used for locating crime suspects and missing persons as well as surveillance of crime scenes.
Steve Barry, the UK's National Police Chiefs' Council spokesperson regarding police drones, touted the cost savings of choosing these devices rather than deploying police helicopters; according to a report from The Daily Mail, Barry predicts “forces across Britain would soon be using them as they are cheaper than helicopters and can perform some duties of bobbies on the beat.” The does not specify how deeply these police drones will be able to inspect individuals, including in regards to audio capacity.
The Mail noted that Barry has pondered the possibility of drones replacing some officers and said “there may be an opportunity at some point in the future to rationalise what we need our cops to do because we find drones can do it more effectively and more cost-efficiently.” However, Barry did not indicate that they approve of a reduced police force in favor of the devices, and other officers and experts were quoted in the report as viewing drones as a supplement for police rather than their replacement.
Drones indeed have a unique ability to scope areas that officers cannot approach on foot. A report published by the Cato Institute acknowledged that drones “allow police to investigate dangerous situations such as bomb threats and toxic spills.” These devices can be seen as an advantage for civilians in peril, but they also serve as a troubling mechanism of undermining the personal privacy of a large population.
The Daily Mail highlighted how drones are useful for aerial footage of crime scenes, but also pointed to their use in monitoring “protests, sieges and football matches,” and noted that they “have been tested for use in terror attacks and to track anti-social behavior.”
The use of drones as a law enforcement tool has been taking place for years. Since the beginning, civil liberties advocates have warned of the consequences that heightened, innovative surveillance can unleash on the populace. Drones “deployed without proper regulation, drones equipped with facial recognition software, infrared technology, and speakers capable of monitoring personal conversations would cause unprecedented invasions of our privacy rights.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! Interconnected drones could enable mass tracking of vehi­cles and people in wide areas. Tiny drones could go completely unnoticed while peering into the window of a home or place of worship,” the ACLU advises. While the 24-hour drone surveillance initiative is based in one large area of England and has yet to be introduced publicly in the United States, Cato cautions that the courts have yet to tackle drones and their capability to obstruct our Fourth Amendment. The Devon and Cornwall police are currently recruiting a “drone manager” to oversee this new program. The law enforcement agency is also expressing confidence that this program will motivate police across the country to follow their lead. “‘I would not be at all surprised if other forces follow in due course – the question is not whether they will, it's when,” Barry said. Annabelle Bamforth writes for TheFreeThoughtProject.com, where this article first appeared.
Israeli forces clashed with Palestinian demonstrators along the Gaza border on Friday, killing five of them, as a rash of stabbing attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories, including the first apparent revenge attack by an Israeli, raised fears of wider unrest.
In the latest violence, stone-throwing Palestinians clashed with Israeli forces along the heavily guarded border.
A Palestinian protester hurls stones at Israeli soldiers near Gaza City. At least four attacks, three by Palestinians and one by an Israeli, as well as deadly clashes along the Gaza border, are threatening to escalate tensions throughout the country. (Adel Hana/Associated Press)
The Israeli military said some in the crowd of 200 Palestinians from Gaza threw rocks and rolled burning tires at soldiers. It said Israeli forces opened fire at the main instigators to stop the advance.
In Jerusalem, a Palestinian wielding a vegetable peeler stabbed and wounded a 14-year-old Israeli on Friday before being arrested. In another attack near the entrance of Kiryat Arba, a West Bank settlement, a Palestinian was shot dead by a police officer after they attacked the officer with a knife and tried to seize their weapon, police said.
In northern Israel, a 29-year-old Arab-Israeli woman was shot and wounded while attempting to stab people at a bus station in the town of Afula, where another stabbing had taken place the day before, police said.
4 Arabs stabbed in Dimona
In what appeared to be the first revenge attack amid the wave of violence, an Israeli man stabbed and wounded four Arabs in the southern Israeli city of Dimona, a police official said.
After their arrest, the man allegedly said they carried out the attacks in retaliation for the numerous Palestinian attacks, Israeli media reported.
Dimona Mayor Beni Bitton called the stabber a "mentally ill man." They told Channel 10 TV that two of the victims worked for city hall, and that passersby quickly rushed to provide first aid to the wounded Arabs.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "strongly condemned the harming of innocent Arabs," saying that anyone who resorts to violence will be brought to justice.
Four Palestinians have been killed while carrying out attacks against Israelis over the past week, while another three Palestinians were killed in protests and clashes in the West Bank. The Red Crescent medical service says over 500 Palestinians have been wounded in violent protests in the West Bank since the weekend, including about 100 from live fire.
Tensions high in Jerusalem
CBC's Margaret Evans reported on Friday from one potential flashpoint for another Palestinian uprising — the Muslim Quarter of Jerusalem's Old City, where two Jewish men died from stab wounds last Saturday in what is being described as "lone wolf" attacks.
Several Israel flags planted by ultra-nationalist Jews who want to settle in the district could be seen as Palestinians walked through the neighbourhood following Friday prayers at al-Aqsa mosque.
On one side of a barricade running the length of the narrow street, the Israeli government has ordered Palestinan shops to remain closed.
Click on the video above for more from Margaret Evans.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
They gained a few unexpected fans in the gay community today, but notoriously God-fearing quarterback Tim Tebow may have scared off the very supporters who saw them as a Christian celebrity even as their NFL career has fizzled — they're calling their about-face on an anti-gay marriage pastor "disastrous," and declaring "his street cred with the evangelical community" all but gone.
On Thursday morning, via a string of tweets, the backup QB for the New York Jets (for now, at least) cancelled an upcoming appearance at the First Baptist Church in Dallas. Tebow's second-guessing followed reports that First Baptist pastor Robert Jeffress attacked gay marriage, Islam, and Mormonism in several recorded sermons. The turnaround surprised many of Tebow's critics — who have noted their support for the vehemently anti-gay organization Focus on the Family — and, in equal measure, left some of their more vocal supporters on the Christian right more than gobsmacked. The influential conservative radio host Bryan Fischer, for one, called Tebow a "coward":
Do they disagree with them when they say that homosexuality is a sin? Do they disagree with them when they say that Islam is a false religion? If Tebow does not in fact disagree with Jeffress on any of these points, then their decision looks like nothing more than craven capitulation to the nattering nabobs of negativism and intolerance.
The pastor of First Baptist, Robert Jeffress, shared Fischer's sense of betrayal — according to Fox News Radio, they interpreted Tebow's cancellation as an affront to their church's values:
“To me, the real issue here is the controversy this has generated,” Jeffress said. “It's amazing that a church that believes faith alone in Christ is what saves a person and that sex should be between a man and a woman in a marriage relationship – that somehow those beliefs are considered hate speech? That is historic Christian doctrine for the past 2,000 years.”
Tebow has long enjoyed the steadfast support of America's growing evangelical community — a relationship cemented by on-the-field Tebowing and eye black with Bible verses, but also with a Super Bowl ad for Focus on the Family — for which Fischer serves as a prominent, if persistently controversial, mouthpiece. What's more, Tebow has been steadfast with the press, a Christian figurehead who rarely "flinches under pressure," as Fischer accuses them of, and actually keeps their relationship with God pretty private, despite outward appearance. Well, at least they don't flinch under pressure in post-game interviews; on the field is a whole separate story.
Image copyright Alamy
Many Spaniards were glad to hear acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announce proposals recently to end the normal working day at 6pm, rather than 7pm or later. It spells the end of the two-hour afternoon siesta - but this has long tormented parents balancing work with the needs of their family, writes James Badcock in Madrid.
"In my house we would be totally in favour of changing the schedules. My kids virtually never see their father during the week," says Cristina Matarranz from Madrid, who is on their own with their three-year-old girl and seven-year-old boy after they finish work in a bank at 3pm and picks them up from school.
The medical supplies company where their partner works insists on employees working from 9am in the morning to 7pm at night - the classic Spanish office timetable which includes a two-hour lunch break from 2pm to 4pm.
As it takes them an hour to travel between home and the office, they don't have time to enjoy the once-traditional home-cooked meal and a nap at lunchtime - and they only gets home at 8pm, Matarranz says.
"Very rarely do they let them work from home. People at school don't believe our children has a father - they have never picked them up or attended any events."
In a country where unemployment stands at 21%, it can be hard to ask for concessions from an employer, which is why campaigners such as Jose Luis Casero want incentives to be introduced to make companies change their hours.
Image copyright Alamy
"People want to work but they also want a life," says Casero, president of the National Commission for the Rationalisation of Spanish Schedules.
They think employers who introduce flexitime and home-working should be rewarded with tax breaks - and they want the government to provide more nursery places, and to open schools earlier in the morning.
The reason Spain has a low birth rate of 1.32 children per woman, compared to 1.58 for the whole of the European Union, is partly to do with the state of the economy, they argue, but also "because people are tired even when it comes to human relationships".
Carolina Dobrzynki Kearney, a Madrid-based single mother who works in marketing says half their day is wasted because clients are unavailable for long periods.
"I could get my work done in six hours but I need people to take my calls," they say.
"Until 10 in the morning no-one will answer, and then again from about 1.30 or 2pm it's impossible. So I find myself setting up conversations with people between six and eight in the evening when I would much rather be in the park with my daughter."
Image caption Carolina Dobrzynki Kearney and their daughter
It's a constant battle to defend their family space, they say.
"As individuals we have to try to make a point of saying no to work-related tasks during family time, but you get looked down on for doing that.
"People in Spain are fixed in their ways like cogs on a wheel. They complain about their schedules, but that's all. Someone is going to have to make this change happen."
One idea put forward by Rajoy is to turn Spanish clocks back one hour from Central European Time, and to align the country with Portugal, the UK and Ireland. This would in fact be a return to the status quo before 1942 when the country's dictator, Francisco Franco, moved the clocks forward as a gesture of allegiance to Hitler.
Jose Luis Casero blames the "abnormal" use of Central European Time for a late-hours culture in which prime-time TV runs from 10pm until midnight.
Image caption Spain is further west than any other country on Central European Time
"Spain needs to use the time zone it is in," they say. "The Greenwich Meridian passes through Zaragoza."
But it's the end of evening work that would represent the biggest change for most families.
For many years Consuelo Torres's job with a multinational telecommunications firm kept them in the office until 7pm, obliging them to drive around during their unwanted two-hour lunch break to deposit their four children with carers for the evening.
Recently they took action to change this, knocking an hour off their daily schedule and cutting the lunch break altogether.
Image copyright Alamy
"I've been running around like a fool for years. By law, if you have a child in primary school, you can demand a shorter working day," they says
Now Torres works for seven straight hours from 9am to 4pm and goes home with their children after school.
"I don't even lose money due to the saving in petrol and the fact that I have dropped a tax bracket," they say. "A lot of people don't do it because they fear reprisals from the company. But there is a growing social clamour for change now."
Some Spanish residents, such as Penny Thompson, a British media professional and entrepreneur, fear the country could lose some of its charm, however, if it banishes the concept of the siesta period altogether.
"To have a bit of a break after lunch is reasonable given the hot weather you get here from this time of year to October," says Thompson, who has lived near Malaga for the past decade.
"Most families like to have a family meal in the evening. Because of the heat, they're not going to have it in the early evening.
"And at lunchtime too, there is a focus on proper cooking with fresh ingredients here. That food takes time. If you're going to do that for a family meal, you might like a little rest afterwards."
The body's natural timetable
Modern life can ride roughshod over our internal clock. We want to believe we can do whatever we want at any hour of the day or night if we need to, be it having dinner at 11pm, or flying to New York at 4am, with no ill-effects. However, millions of years of evolution have given our bodies a finely-tuned internal clock.
Image copyright Getty Images
Are you in tune with your body clock?
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
A US court has vindicated Saudi Arabia and ruled against Iran over the September 11 incidents in America, where over a dozen Saudi citizens, not Iranians, staged multiple plane-crash attacks back in 2001.
New York district judge George Daniels issued the default judgment on Wednesday, claiming Iran failed to defend itself against allegations of having a role in the attacks.
The court ruled that Iran must pay more than 10 billion dollars in damages to families of people killed on 9/11.
The ruling is based on the 9/11 Commission Report which stated that some attackers moved through Iran and did not have their passports stamped.
It also said Lebanon's Hezbollah resistance movement provided advice and training to al-Qaeda members who carried out the attacks.
Daniels had earlier cleared Saudi Arabia from culpability.
The allegations come as 15 of the 19 attackers were Saudi citizens and not a single one was Iranian. Two were from the United Arab Emirates, and one each from Egypt and Lebanon.
Saudi Arabia was legally cleared from paying damages to families of 9/11 victims last year, after Judge Daniels dismissed accounts that the Persian Gulf monarchy provided material support to the terrorists and ruled that Riyadh had sovereign immunity.
The September 11, 2001 attacks, aka the 9/11 attacks, were a series of strikes in the US, which killed nearly 3,000 people and caused about $10 billion worth of property and infrastructure damage.
US officials assert that they were carried out by al-Qaeda terrorists but many experts have raised questions about the official account, saying it was a false-flag operation and that former al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, also of Saudi origin, was just a bogeyman for the US military-industrial complex.
If you are on the Internet, chance is that you are being tracked. Advertising companies, Internet services and even Internet Service Provider track users for a variety of purposes, but most often to profile users to increase advertising revenue or sell the data to companies that do.
While cookies are most often used for that purpose, and I'm using the term lightly so that it includes all different kinds of cookies, it is not the only option that companies have. Fingerprinting may be an option as well which tries to identify users based on factors such as their IP address, operating system, web browser and other data that is submitted automatically when connections are established.
The Do Not Track feature has been designed to give Internet users a say in the matter. It is not the most effective option though as it is not mandatory for companies to comply with it if it is set by the user. While several companies honor Do Not Track, others may choose to ignore it. It is therefore reasonable to say that even with Do Not Track enabled, users are getting tracked on the Internet.
Mozilla has improved the Do Not Track feature in its Firefox web browser starting with current Nightly versions (that is version 21 of it). When you open the tracking related settings - with a click on Firefox > Options > Privacy - you will notice that you can now switch between all three states right from the menu.
You can tell websites that you do not want to be tracked, tell sites that you want to be tracked, and do not tell sites anything about your tracking preference. Previously, you were only able to enable Do Not Track in the browser or do not send information about it at all.
To learn more link beneath the feature is also interesting as it links to a page on the Mozilla website that explains the key concepts of it. It offers a description of Do Not Track and frequently asked questions that may help you understand it better.
Advertisement
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) on Thursday accused Democrats of inventing an “imaginary” war on women to score political points in an election year.
During a Senate speech outlining why they supported reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), something that many Republicans oppose, McCain blasted Democrats for “dividing the country in the name of greater fairness and unity.”
“My friends, this supposed ‘War on Women' or the use of similarly outlandish rhetoric by partisan operatives has two purposes, and both are purely political in their purpose and effect: The first is to distract citizens from real issues that really matter and the second is to give talking heads something to sputter about when they appear on cable television,” the Arizona senator declared.
“I believe women and men in our country are smart enough to recognize that when a politician or political party resorts to dividing us in the name of bringing us together it usually means that they are either out of ideas or short on resolve to address the challenges of our time,” they added. “At this time in our nation's history, we face an abundance of hard choices. Divisive slogans and the declaring of phony wars are intended to avoid those hard choices and to escape paying a political price for doing so.”
“Women and men are no different in their rights and responsibilities,” McCain concluded. “I believe this legislation recognizes that. I don't believe the ludicrous, partisan posturing that has conjured up this imaginary war does.”
Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) recently explained to CNN's Candy Crowley why they thought if it was fair to pin the “war on women” label on the GOP.
“The policies that have come out of the Republican Party, saying that we should have a debate again over contraception and whether we should have access to it and it should be affordable, saying that — like Gov. Scott Walker in Wisconsin, you know, they tried to quietly repeal the Equal Pay Act,” Wasserman Schultz noted. “Women aren't going to stand for that. Governor Walker just signed a bill that repeals the equal pay law they had in Wisconsin for years.”
They continued: “You have Republicans who have engaged themselves for the entire Congress trying to redefine rape as only being forcible rape, defunding Planned Parenthood and family planning programs. The Lilly Ledbetter Act — the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act put teeth behind the notion that women deserve equal pay for equal work. That was the first bill the President Obama signed into law. The overwhelming majority of Republicans serving in Congress voted against it.”
“So, the focus of the Republican Party on turning back the clock for women really is something that is unacceptable and shows how callous and insensitive they are towards women's priorities.”
House Republicans on Wednesday introduced a watered-down version of VAWA that diminishes protections for Native women, lacks provisions for the LGBT community and removes added visas for undocumented victims of violence.
The law was first passed in 1994 and then reauthorized in 2000 and 2005, all by bipartisan majorities.
Vice President Joe Biden, who drafted the original bill while serving as a senator, said last week that they couldn't understand why it had now become a partisan issue.
“The idea we're still fighting about this in Congress, that this is even a debatable issue, is truly sad,” the vice president lamented.
“No one should question whether this is needed,” Biden added. “It would have been bad if the law had never been passed. But imagine now, the message it sends if it is not reauthorized. Just ask what message it would send to every one of our daughters, every woman imprisoned in their home.”
Watch the video below from C-SPAN, broadcast April 26, 2012.
(h/t: The Huffington Post)
'Big leap'
“We have a master plan in place to take the big leap required getting from technically feasible to commercially viable,” Zetsche said Monday in Las Vegas. “The F 015 Luxury in Motion demonstrates where this may take us.”
Instead of being the first to sell autonomous vehicles, Ford wants to “democratize” technology that assists drivers throughout its model line, offering it at prices even economy-car buyers can afford, Fields said. That includes features that can automatically park a car, steer it back into its lane and brake to avoid collisions.
“You can go into a dealership and get a Ford Focus that can park itself right now,” Raj Nair, Ford's product development chief, said of the automaker's compact car that starts at $16,810. “If you want to go to the full extreme -- full autonomy -- literally a vehicle that has no steering wheel and has no pedals, that's a tremendous technical challenge, but one that we believe that in the next five years will be possible.”
General Motors said in September it will introduce hands-free driving technology on a Cadillac in two years. GM CEO Mary Barra said at the time that having a car drive for you is “true luxury.”
Crosstown traffic
Self-driving cars will probably be found in densely populated urban areas that have been thoroughly digitally mapped so that the vehicles' sensors can read the road, other cars and the environment, Nair said. As more of the world's population moves into big cities, autonomous cars are aimed at reducing congestion because they could adjust for each other's speed differences more precisely, flowing through streets like schools of fish.
“The technology's capability of being better than any one of us as an individual driver is definitely on the horizon,” Nair said. “It's not a matter of if, but when.”
First, though, government regulators around the world need to come up with new rules of the road for vehicles that drive themselves, Fields said. Ford is already speaking with regulators to help them prepare for driverless cars, they said.
“The level of robustness that society and regulatory agencies are going to expect, that's another story,” Nair said. “That's something we need to work on.”
A record 10 automakers are showing their wares at CES on an exhibit space the size of three football fields. In addition to self-driving cars, auto and tech companies are displaying dashboards covered in curved touch-screens, vehicles controlled by smartwatches and entertainment systems operated with a wave of the hand.
Pentagon mixed propaganda with PR, report finds John Byrne
Published: Friday December 12, 2008
Print This Email This The Pentagon may have mixed propaganda with public relations in an effort to win the "war of ideas" as part of the Iraq war, according to a little-noticed report released Thursday.
An inspector general's report said a whopping $1 million had been used to merge propaganda and PR efforts in 2007 and 2008. The Senate recently stripped out $3 million from the Pentagon budget for a Defense Department "strategic communication" program.
"Without clearly defined strategic communications responsibilities, DoD may appear to merge inappropriately the public affairs and information operations functions," the inspector general said in a report released yesterday nestled in a Washington Post article. Such programs should be the province of the undersecretary of defense for policy, it added.
The Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs "should only perform strategic communications responsibilities related to its public affairs mission," while calling attention to a 2005 Pentagon document, "Public Affairs," which asserted that PR and "information" ops "differ with respect to the audience, scope and intent and must remain separate."
"The inspector general also raised questions about the Office of Public Affairs' use of funds and personnel from the Armed Forces Information Service to carry out its functions without specific authority," veteran intelligence reporter Walter Pincus noted Friday . "AFIS, which was recently renamed Defense Media Activity, runs Pentagon internal communications including Stars and Stripes as well as the Armed Forces Radio and Television Service. With a budget of more than $160 million and about 1,200 staff members, it nonetheless comes under the authority, direction and control of the assistant secretary for public affairs, whose authorized staff is only 89, according to the report."
Strikingly, the Washington Post is the only media outlet to have reported on the report, according to an examination of Google News Friday morning.
Oftentimes, a variety will supercede the parent species in popularity, perhaps because it performs better in cultivation or has a more interesting appearance, and becomes used more often than the 'original' species. (Note that I am not discussing human-made hybrids or cultivars here- that is a subject for another time.) A perfect example is Dracaena fragrans 'Massangeana', which sports a pale green stripe down the center of its leaves not present in the typical D. fragrans. One doesn't even really see the boring old D. fragrans anymore, so popular has its variegated variety become.
But would the effect of 'Massangeana' not be greater if it were a single specimen amongst several of the regular D. fragrans? After all, that's how one would find such a variety in nature: they would stand out like a sore thumb, and perhaps even give taxonomists a run around thinking it might be a different species. I think it would, and so that's what I do with these types of plants.
I believe that, rather than leaving these varieties to stand alone as representatives of their species, they should be incorporated and used (sparingly) with their parent species to highlight and exemplify the fact of their origins, and to allow people a glimpse at the near endless variety of the plant kingdom.
Translink's SeaBuses could one day have some new neighbours docking at their downtown Vancouver terminal.
Earlier this month, the transit authority asked for expressions of interest from private ferry and water taxi services to use the outside berth of the terminal.
"We're always looking for opportunities to expand the reach of the transit system," said TransLink spokesperson Chris Bryan.
"So what that means is people from, say, Nanaimo or Victoria, if they operate a commuter boat service, they could bring their boat in there," they said.
TransLink is currently reviewing responses it received to a request for expressions of interest to use the outside berth of the downtown Vancouver SeaBus terminal. (CBC)
Bryan said the request for proposals has now closed, but it was an open bid to any kind of commuter service and could include interested parties wanting to connect to the Sunshine Coast as well.
They say TransLink sees the possibility as a way to increase revenue and ridership.
"It wouldn't affect our SeaBus operation, but it would bring extra passengers who could come and tap in at the station, bringing extra revenue for us and just providing convenience for people," Bryan said.
Island Ferries hopeful for Nanaimo connection
Bryan would not confirm the number of applications TransLink received, other than to say the corporation is now reviewing the proposals.
Island Ferries is hoping to secure a deal with TransLink to use the Vancouver SeaBus terminal as part of its planned Nanaimo to Vancouver route. (Island Ferry Services)
One of the companies that did send in an application is Island Ferries, which has been trying to get a service going from downtown Vancouver to Nanaimo for years.
After months of negotiations, the company reached an agreement in the summer with the Nanaimo Port Authority to lease space there and is hoping to have the service running by next summer.
"In order to operate a ferry system, you need two places to berth the ship and you need ships to run back and forth from those two terminals," said spokesperson David Marshall.
"So, having secured a location in Nanaimo, and, with ships on the way, it's very important to us to have a berth in downtown Vancouver to make it all work."
Marshall is hopeful for their company's chances to secure a berth at the SeaBus terminal, since Island Ferries wants to provide a commuter service that would be used by travellers on business or personal trips.
Island Ferries is hoping to begin service from Nanaimo to Vancouver by summer 2018. (Island Ferry Services/Facebook)
They believe the volume of passengers he's hoping to move should make Island Ferries' proposal financially attractive.
"All of those passengers have to provide proof of fares. Obviously, they have to have purchased a fare to arrive at TransLink ... and really what we're proposing is in many respects is an extension of the TransLink system."
Marshall adds Translink came out with its requests for expressions of interest within days of Island Ferries announcing its Nanaimo deal.
Chris Bryan wouldn't say if the timing was connected.
"We just wanted to test the market, see what's out there and see if it's something that might work well with our system."
If you've ever tried to explain Paleo to a skeptic, you've probably encountered this argument. It's not usually the first objection, but somewhere after “…not even whole wheat?” and “but doesn't saturate fat give you heart disease?” comes “and didn't cavemen all die when they were 25? Why would you want to eat like that?”
Statistics 101: Average vs. Mode
The argument that Paleo must be unhealthy because “the average caveman only lived to be 25” is a perfect example of how easy it is to draw false conclusions from true statistics. Consider the two statements below.
The average caveman lived to be 25. The average age of death for cavemen was 25.
The first sentence describes a cultural norm, using average to mean “normal” or “typical.” According to the first statement, Joe Caveman born during the Paleolithic could reasonably plan on living to be 25, but not much older. The second statement also uses the word “average,” but with a very different meaning. Here, the word describes a mathematical formula: you find the average of a group of numbers by adding all the numbers up and dividing by the number of numbers. For example, if Joe Caveman lived to be 45, but their brother Jim Caveman got tetanus and died at age 5, you can find the average lifespan of the two brothers:
Notice how the average lifespan of the two brothers isn't even close to the actual lifespan of either of them.
Many people have a false understanding of actual Paleolithic life expectancy because they confuse these two meanings of the word “average.” In the cultural sense, meaning “normal” or “typical,” the word “average” means something close to the mathematical definition of mode, or the most common number in a set. This leads many people to read statistics about the “average” and think it means the mode. But this can be very misleading: the mathematical average of a set of numbers can be the same as the mode, but it doesn't necessarily have to be – as Joe and Jim Caveman above demonstrate.
In a mathematical sense, as in the second statement, the average life expectancy of Paleolithic humans might well have been 25. However, this does not necessarily mean that the mode of the lifespans was 25. To illustrate the difference, the charts below show the life expectancy patterns that each of the two sentences above describe, projected onto a theoretical group of 20 cavemen.
In this graph, most cavemen are dying at around 25 – there are a couple outliers, but Joe Caveman born into this group could expect to live around 25 years. The mode (most common) age at death is the age 20-25 group. The mathematical average (found by adding up all the ages at death and dividing by 20) is also close to 25.
Taking the mathematical average of the ages at death of all the cavemen in this group would yield a number around 25, but that doesn't necessarily mean that most of them – or even any of them – actually died at 25. The mode, in other words, is not necessarily the same as the average: in this graph, the average is around 25, but the mode is the age 0-5 group, and the range of lifespans varies widely with two different “typical” patterns: death in childhood, or survival into middle age. If Joe Caveman born into this tribe survives to their 10th birthday, they have a fighting chance of living to meet their grandchildren.
The second graph is close to what anthropologists mean when they talk about the “average life expectancy” of prehistoric humans being 25. This is why “average” as a mathematical concept can be so misleading: a heavy bias to one end of the data set can distort the average so dramatically that it no longer tells us anything meaningful about the lives of actual Paleolithic humans.
Infant Mortality and the Paleolithic Lifespan
The factor skewing the “average” data and giving rise to the false assumption that cavemen died very young is the infant mortality rate. This is difficult to determine using records from actual Paleolithic populations. While researchers have attempted to determine the age at death of Paleolithic humans by analyzing bone remains, these procedures measure Paleolithic bones against modern bones, not necessarily a relevant comparison since Paleolithic humans got much more vitamin D than modern humans, and while their food supply was not as abundant, it was also uncontaminated by modern chemical toxins. Evidence from the Paleolithic is patchy enough that research on modern hunter-gatherers probably provides more accurate estimates: one study on found that 30-40% of hunter-gatherer children die before age 15, most of those before age 5. Another study reached an even more depressing conclusion: about 43% of modern hunter-gatherer children never reach their 15th birthday (although the rates of survival were higher among forager-horticulturalists and acculturated hunter-gatherers, who had access to some modern medical technology). Children were especially vulnerable to all kinds of diseases and infections that we can now prevent with vaccines or cure with antibiotics: due to the incredible advances in modern medicine, the child mortality rate in the United States today is 0.639%. Paleolithic child mortality is almost unimaginable to us.
This high infant mortality rate pulls down the “average age of death,” making it a largely meaningless statistic for anyone trying to figure out what life was actually like in the Paleolithic. One “average” number is convenient to quote at dinner-table arguments, but breaking down the population into age groups provides a much clearer and more accurate picture.
So what were the mortality patterns of prehistoric humans? From studying the remains of Paleolithic cultures and the life patterns of modern hunter-gatherers, researchers have concluded that human mortality fit to a U-shaped curve. Infancy and childhood were dangerous, but if you survived to 15, you could expect a reasonable lifespan: mortality rates started to increase again at around 40, doubling at 60 and again at 70. Gurven and Kaplan found that the modal (most common) age of death for hunter-gatherers who survived past 15 was 72. Taking out the infant mortality rate, Stephen Guyenet found that the average lifespan of one Inuit group was 43.5, with 25% of the population living past 60. One study on the Hazda exhaustively ruled out all modern circumstances as significantly influencing mortality, and concluded that humans evolved for a postreproductive lifespan of around 20 years.
While the specific estimates vary, none of these estimates come close to 25 as the typical age at death. Also interesting are the causes of death among modern hunter-gatherer populations. Few people suffer from diabetes, heart disease, and other degenerative diseases of the modern world; the most common killers are diseases that modern medicine has rendered much less dangerous, especially gastrointestinal and respiratory diseases. The basic pattern of Paleolithic mortality was probably close to these observed patterns in modern hunter-gatherer societies: a shockingly high infant mortality rate, but a relatively high life expectancy for those who survived to reach puberty, with most deaths caused by diseases that pose relatively little threat to people in modern societies.
Reproduction and Population Growth
This argument is not simply a set of statistics derived from studies on modern hunter-gatherers and extrapolated to the Paleolithic on the assumption that living conditions would be essentially similar. It also has a basis in human biology, specifically reproductive biology. Assuming that a Paleolithic woman wanted to maximize their baby's chance for survival, they probably would have breastfed it for at least 2 years. This means that children would have been spaced at least 3 years apart: 2 years of breastfeeding plus 9 months of pregnancy. Studies on modern hunter-gatherers show women reaching menarche at an average age of 16, and giving birth to their first child around 19 (Hoggan uses 13, but this age is common only among modern industrial societies, where increased food intake and better nutrition have been steadily lowering the age of menarche since the 19th century. The average age at menarche for modern hunter-gatherers seems a much more accurate estimation for a Paleolithic woman). This means that the average woman would have Child 1 at 19, Child 2 at 22, and Child 3 at 25 – and then, according to the “cavemen died young” theory, they would die. But this is a completely unsustainable population pattern. Statistically, if 30-40% of children died in infancy, at least one of these children would die no matter what the mother did. Say that child is Child 1. The woman is now left with 2 children, but if they die when Child 3 is a newborn, Child 3 will never get the benefits of their breast milk and nurture, and is therefore very unlikely to survive. Child 2 might stand a chance of living to adulthood, but if only one child per woman survived to reproduce, the human population would quickly die out.
Moreover, a woman very possibly might have not become pregnant with each successive child as soon as they were finished breastfeeding the last one. They may have chosen not to have sex, or a scarcity of food might have triggered their body into starvation mode, shutting down their reproductive system and suppressing fertility. If a woman only managed to bear 2 children before age 25, the population model gets even more dismal.
On top of the mathematical improbability of this view, evolutionary biology presents another obstacle in the form of menopause. Nothing evolves without some purpose. Humans would not randomly start to grow horns or to see in the ultraviolet spectrum without some pressing environmental need for those features. Likewise, we wouldn't have evolved to go through menopause unless it brought some evolutionary advantage. The “grandmother hypothesis” proposes that older women, who are more likely to die in childbirth and have babies with birth defects, provide more benefit to their family group by investing their time and energy in the children they already have. Menopause protects older women from pregnancies they can't physically handle, so that they can continue to support their offspring and ensure the survival of their genetic line. But menopause never would have evolved if women in the Paleolithic were dying at 25: there would be no evolutionary pressure for a change that occurs between 40 and 50.
Conclusion
The evolution of menopause and the mathematical impossibility of population growth are two gaping holes in the hypothesis that Paleolithic humans died at 25. Available data from modern hunter-gatherer societies also contradict the hypothesis that prehistoric humans all died very young: members of these groups who live to reach puberty have life expectancies between 60 and 70 years.
Many people misunderstand these patterns because they only look at the “average” lifespan. The mathematical average of the ages at death of everyone in a Paleolithic group might have been 25, but breaking down this number by age reveals a very high infant mortality rate bringing down the group average: either you died at 3, or you lived to be 60. The much higher average life expectancies of the modern world are largely due to modern medical technology dramatically decreasing the rate of death in children under 10. Comparing the “average” life expectancies definitively proves that modern medicine is better than Paleolithic medicine – but it doesn't tell us anything about diet.
By Salvador Rodriguez
Regarding some potential fights in the future, trainer Edison Reynoso makes it known that their boxer, WBC/WBA 154-pound champion Saul "Canelo" Alvarez (42-0-1, 30KOs), will not move up or move down for any potential opponent - at least right now. They were responding to the idea of moving down to face pound-for-pound king Floyd Mayweather Jr. or moving up to face champions Sergio Martinez or Gennady Golovkin at the middleweight limit.
"We're fighting at 154 and that's the weight that we'll face [any potential opponent], even the devil. We have a 22 year old fighter, a unified world champion and we are in no hurry with him. If someone wants to fight, they have to move up to 154 or come down to 154," Reynoso said.
Canelo is looking to return on September 14th, and hopes the opponent is Mayweather.
View full size
: "Son of a son of a sailor" Jimmy Buffet returns home and performs before 35,000 fans in Gulf Shores, giving tourism a temporary boost.
Day 84, July 12: The second cap is placed over the well as tests begin.
Day 85, July 13: Tests on cap delayed for undisclosed reasons.
Day 86, July 14: U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder visits Dauphin Island to address claims process concerns; Surgeon General Dr. Regina Benjamin returns to Bayou La Batre to "listen."
: Oil stops gushing into the Gulf, according to BP officials, thanks to the tight-fitting, 75-ton cap.
Day 88, July 16: The much-talked-about A Whale is rejected because it takes in too much water and not enough oil.
Day 89, July 17: News that the cap has -- for now, at least -- stopped oil draws crowds to area beaches, bringing back a bit of the usual summer atmosphere. BP cuts the number of cleanup workers in half.
Day 90, July 18: The cap is still working, but BP and government officials spar over how long it should remain in place.
Day 91, July 19: Officials decide the cap can remain. They may also perform a "static kill," which is similar to the "top kill," but may work better with the cap in place. Scattered tarballs and mousse patties of oil continue to come ashore on Alabama beaches.
Day 92, July 20: BP officials say the relief well is on track to be finished at the end of July. At that point, they will begin pumping mud and cement into the underground hole to kill the well, which could take five days to a couple of weeks.
Day 93, July 21: Local boat owners in BP's Vessels of Opportunity program are put on standby for at least five days as a tropical system threatens the Gulf.
Day 94, July 22: Vice President Joe Biden visits Theodore as a study by the U.S. Travel Association estimates that the Gulf Coast will lose more than $22 billion in tourism revenue.
Day 95, July 23: All local spill response halts in anticipation of Tropical Storm Bonnie. Workers take down Perdido Pass steel booms so they won't damage bridge. Bonnie downgraded to depression in the evening.
Day 96, July 24: Ken Feinberg, appointed to administer BP claims, tells crowd in Bayou La Batre that they can't write any checks yet because BP has not deposited any money into the $20 billion escrow fund it promised to create.
Day 97, July 25: Some recovery work resumes after Bonnie have little impact on area. Local mayor questions why a federal disaster declaration was never made here. Riley's office says this is not a natural disaster; it's manmade.
Day 98, July 26: State officials say they won't reinstall the $5.2 million Perdido Pass steel boom.
Day 99, July 27: BP's Hayward is demoted and sent to Russia. BP shares rise with the news.
President-elect's incoming White House chief of staff says Trump ‘accepts the findings' of a report on Russian interference in the election
Donald Trump 'not denying Russia was behind hacking campaign', says Priebus
Donald Trump no longer denies that Russia orchestrated a cyber-attack against Hillary Clinton's campaign and their party, according to their top advisers, who also blamed Democrats for the breach and falsely characterized the testimony of an intelligence chief to Congress.
Barack Obama says Donald Trump may have 'enough craziness' to be president Read more
Trump's incoming White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, told Fox News Sunday the president-elect “is not denying that entities in Russia were behind this particular hacking campaign”.
“I think they accept the findings,” Priebus said, referring to an FBI, CIA and NSA report on Russian interference in the election. A declassified version was released to the public on Friday, asserting that Russia's president, Vladimir Putin, “ordered” the operation to get Trump elected. Trump received a classified briefing earlier that day.
Priebus then tried to diminish the effects of the hack, which was for the US an unprecedented campaign of releasing stolen emails, through proxies such as WikiLeaks, from selected candidates and staffers.
“When this whole thing started, it started from the Russians 50 years ago, in other words this is something that has been going on in our elections for many many years,” Priebus said. “It happens every election period.”
Putin has denied any role in the hacks. Trump themselves has not said whether they accept the CIA, FBI and NSA's “high confidence” conclusion that Putin ordered the hack to undermine the legitimacy of the election and assist the Republican's campaign.
During the election campaign, Trump sometimes contradicted and rejected statements made on their behalf by advisers. They have scheduled a press conference, after months of delay, for later this week.
Intelligence officials gave the president-elect a classified intelligence briefing on Friday. Two days later, Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway told CNN's State of the Union that the president-elect believes “Russia, China and others have attempted to attack different government institutions and businesses and individuals and organizations over a series of time”.
Conway also falsely said that James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, testified to Congress “that any aspiration to influence our elections failed”.
Intelligence officials have said there is no evidence that hackers tampered with voting machines, but on Thursday Clapper told Congress the agencies were not responsible for measuring the effect of the hacked emails on voter opinion.
“Alleged attacks … and aspirations to interfere with our democracy failed,” Conway insisted.
They did not acknowledge that, throughout the campaign, Trump and their aides frequently drew on stolen emails to cast aspersion on Clinton and Democrats. At their last press conference, in July, Trump said they hoped Russia would find and publish 30,000 emails from the private server used by Clinton when they were secretary of state. They later said this was a joke.
Conway instead said that quoting private emails was “equivalent” to quoting public remarks by Republican senators and governors. They added that Democrats were dislikable and should have had stronger security.
“We didn't need WikiLeaks to convince the American people that they didn't like her, didn't trust her, didn't find them to be honest,” Conway said, of Clinton. “She started it.”
Similarly, Priebus said Democrats “allowed” hackers to steal material.
Some Republicans were less sanguine. Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham told NBC's Meet the Press that although they, like leading Democrats, do not believe the hack alone cost Clinton the election, they do believe it sets a dangerous precedent for the legitimacy of future elections.
Both called for new sanctions and more assistance to Ukraine, which has for three years fought a grueling civil war against separatists backed by Russia.
“We should all, Republicans, Democrats, condemn Russia for what they did,” Graham said. “Most Republicans are condemning what Russia did. And to those who are gleeful about it, ‘You're a political hack. You're not a Republican. You're not a patriot.'”
Graham said they hoped Trump would take “an opportunity to make Russia pay a price for interfering in our election so it will deter others in the future”.
McCain said they intended to investigate with colleagues in Congress, even if they are opposed by Senate or White House leadership.
“The Russians intended to affect the outcome of this election,” they said. “And if they were able to succeed doing that, then you destroy democracies. Because you destroy the fundamental which is free and fair election.”
Graham added: “You can't go on with your life as a democracy when a foreign entity is trying to compromise the election process.”
President Obama echoed the senators' remarks, telling ABC in an interview broadcast on Sunday that they worried about Republicans aligning themselves with Putin over other Americans.
“We have to remind ourselves we're on the same team,” they said. “Vladimir Putin's not on our team.”
'He'll take a chainsaw to it': is Obama's legacy strong enough to survive Trump? Read more
Obama did not attribute Trump's victory to the hack, but said they shared the intelligence agencies' “high confidence” of Kremlin culpability.
“We have to do,” they said, “is to make sure that all of us think about how we approach our elections and our democracy not only to secure them from vote tampering, but also to make sure that we understand when propaganda is being churned through the system.”
The US and Russia both interfered in foreign elections throughout the cold war, through active and indirect measures, but Obama noted that the Kremlin has increasingly tried to undermine governments, for instance in Kiev, through the internet.
The strategy, the president said, exacerbated a culture where “everything's true and everything's false. You know, nothing is settled. Everything is contested”.
Trump has not called for an inquiry into the hack, but on Friday instead asked Senate and House leaders to investigate a voluntary leak to the press about the intelligence briefing. On Sunday, Conway repeated their call to keep classified information out of the news.
“We cannot have people in positions of keeping us all safe and knowing classified information or intelligence information, we can't have them leaking to the media,” they said.
Questions Remain After Aurelien Collin Head Injury
(HARRISON,NJ) The New York Red Bulls result from the weekend over Montreal Impact was massive. The Impact and Red Bulls came into the contest tied on points, though New York was ahead in the standings by wins and goal differential. However, the Impact have two games in hand on the red team, and a loss at home could have been disaster heading into the stretch run with a number of players injured.The 3-1 win allowed NY to keep pace with Toronto and NYCFC for the top two spots. Sean Davis turned in another terrific performance, as did Bradley Wright-Phillips and Sacha Kljestan. All certainly seems rosey, but questions remain after Aurelien Collin subbed out after head injury
In the 56th minute, Collin and Kemar Lawrence challenged a ball in the air to Matteo Mancosu. The two Red Bull players clashed into each other and both went down. While initially it looked like Lawrence had taken the worst of it, Collin was clearly shaken up.
“… I asked him, they said they just couldn't see.” – Denis Hamlett
The shot was to Collin's temple, and they had trouble getting up afterward. When they finally did stand, they looked dazed. They were subbed off 4 minutes later after laying down, unable to continue. Denis Hamlett relayed after the game “I think when they came off, I asked him, they said they just couldn't see.” The moderator of the press conference updated that “It's not a concussion. He's fine.”
The speed at which the diagnosis came back is not the only part that I find troubling about this situation. It is one we see quite a bit in professional sports. Why was Collin not taken off the field with Lawrence when the trainer came out? Collin may have refused treatment, but when it comes to head injuries, should the player be allowed to do so?
Whether or not Collin did suffer a concussion is irrelevant in the situation. The question remains as to why they were not evaluated further? Doing so would have left the Red Bulls a man down momentarily, as Montreal had already lost Ambroise Oyongo to a red card. Disadvantage or no, this seems a bit dangerous for the safety of the player.
In a situation like this, is it the coach or the referee's responsibility to make sure the player goes through the proper steps to receive treatment? Questions like this still have a long way to go before they are answered.
Since the game there have been no further updates on Collin's status ahead of this week's CONCACAF Champions League match, a game they are likely to play a role in. If they did suffer from a concussion, they should not be playing in another match so soon after the injury.
I suffered a concussion just less than two years ago, when I was playing as a striker in an indoor league when I challenged the keeper (My best friend no less) for a ball in the air. I went over the top of them and landed directly on the back of my head. This part is all second hand information as I have no memory of even challenging for the ball. I remember shortly before the incident thinking I should sub off soon, then nothing.
Fragments of trying to walk down the sidelines after walking off and not being able to walk a straight line exist in my memory. The rest is gone. About 30 minutes later, I came around. I hadn't been unconscious, and every few minutes I would ask what happened to me, but I don't remember any of that. At the hospital that night, I received a CT scan. Luckily, there was no bleeding on the brain and I was allowed to sleep. Sleep did not come easy for me as my head continued to throb and ache.
For the next few weeks, the pain would come and go without warning. I still feel like I entered a different world after the injury. That isn't quantifiable data, but there is no better way to describe it. I feel different. I have never expressed that, but it is true nonetheless. Is that true of others who have had concussions?
So when a player goes down after a head injury, I take a special interest. I hope that both Collin and Lawrence are okay. I hope that there is a point of equalization surrounding head injuries and the treatment athletes should receive following one. For now, the Red Bulls count themselves lucky the injury was not catastrophic and must actionize a plan to not let a player remain in a game under similar circumstances without being looked at.
Last month in South Africa, scientists announced the discovery of a new group of early humans called Homo naledi. Now an analysis shows that this hominin had hands capable of both tree climbing and tool use, plus feet that were adapted for walking upright.
The remains of the extinct hominin were discovered in the Dinaledi Chamber of the Rising Star Cave system back in 2013. The fossils of at least 15 individuals—totaling 1,550 skeletal pieces—have since been excavated from the cave. In the ensuing paper, published in the science journal E-Life, the 47 co-authors proposed that the bones represent an entirely new species of the genus Homo. It's way too early to tell if modern humans are descended from this species, but it's clear we share a common ancestor.
Advertisement
Homo naledi bone table. (Photo credit: John Hawks_Wits University/CC)
H. naledi has a body and stature similar to Australopithecus—a small, extinct hominin that emerged some 4 million years ago in eastern Africa. But H. naledi also has a skull shape reminiscent of early Homo species. It probably weighed about 100 pounds, and stood nearly five feet tall. The remains have yet to be properly dated, but preliminary estimates place H. naledi at about 2.5 million to 3 million years ago. That said, some experts say more work is need to determine if all the remains belong to a single species, and until dating has been completed, the complete significance of this discovery cannot truly be known.
Advertisement
In an effort to paint a clear picture of the newly-discovered species, two separate papers released today in Nature describe the foot and hand of Homo naledi. Together, the studies strongly indicate that these ancient hominids were capable of both tree climbing and walking as their primary mode of movement—while also exhibiting the capacity for fine hand and finger movements.
Walking Upright Like Modern Humans
In the first paper, co-authored by CUNY anthropologist William Harcourt-Smith and colleagues, H. naledi's foot was described from 107 distinct foot elements found in the Denaldi Chamber, including a well preserved adult right foot. Analysis shows that H. naledi and modern humans share much in common, including the capacity for standing and walking on two feet. In terms of differences, the ancient foot featured more curved toe bones, or proximal phalanges.
Advertisement
Digital reconstruction of the H. naledi foot (Image credit: W. E. H. Harcourt-Smith et al., 2015/Nature)
“Homo naledi feet are like yours and mine in so many ways, it is easier to just point out the subtle differences,” noted study co-author Jeremy DeSilva of Dartmouth College to Gizmodo. “The heel appears to be a bit less robust than ours, the arch is a tad flatter, and the toes are a bit more curved. Other than those relatively minor differences, Homo naledi had the most human-like foot of any known early humans except for Neanderthals. Based on the foot, and anatomies of the leg and knee, we can tell that Homo naledi walked a lot like humans do today.”
Advertisement
What's more, the Naledi foot featured a strength and load capacity similar to modern humans, but distinct from chimpanzees—again, another clue that this species was, in the words of the researchers, “capable of efficient weight transfer through to a terrestrial substrate,” i.e. bipedalism.
The Dinaledi foot exhibits some of the most refined bi-pedal features ever seen in the hominin fossil record. As the researchers write in their study:
Although there are members of the genus Homo known with primitive feet and relatively small brains (H. floresiensis) and with derived feet and larger brains than H. naledi (for example, early H. erectus), H. naledi is the first known hominin with this combination of such derived feet and legs with a small brain size.
Advertisement
What's more, and like Lucy— the famous Australopithecus afarensis specimen—H. naledi's pelvis was more outward flaring, allowing for more leverage in walking.
Hands for Climbing and Tool Using
The hand of H. naledi was analyzed by lead author Tracey Kivell and colleagues. Them team looked at nearly 150 different points, including a nearly complete adult right hand (it was missing a wrist bone). The researchers say the hand exhibits features never seen before in a human fossil.
Advertisement
Digital reconstruction of the H. naledi foot (Image credit: W. E. H. Harcourt-Smith et al., 2015/Nature)
Analysis of the wrist bones and thumb indicate that these ancient humans featured a powerful grip and were capable of precise manual manipulation required for the use of stone tools.
Advertisement
The paper's abstract summarizes the researcher's findings rather nicely:
This hand reveals a long, robust thumb and [an evolved] wrist morphology that is shared with Neandertals and modern humans, and considered adaptive for intensified manual manipulation. However, the finger bones are longer and more curved than in most australopiths, indicating frequent use of the hand during life for strong grasping during locomotor climbing and suspension. These markedly curved digits in combination with an otherwise human-like wrist and palm indicate a significant degree of climbing, despite the derived nature of many aspects of the hand and other regions of the postcranial skeleton in H. naledi.
This mix of seemingly ancient and modern features demonstrates that H. naledi's hand was specialized for both complex tool-use activities and climbing.
Advertisement
“The tool-using features of the H. naledi hand in combination with its small brain size has interesting implications for what cognitive requirements might be needed to make and use tools, and, depending on the age of these fossils, who might have made the stone tools that we find in South Africa,” noted Kivell in a release.
Missing Link?
These findings are quite intriguing, so it's natural to wonder if H. naledi represents some kind of “missing link” in the fossil record. DeSilva says we need to refrain from using such language.
Advertisement
“The ‘missing link' concept is based on an old and misguided idea that humans evolved from apes as we know them today and the resulting expectation that fossils would reveal a half-human, half-ape ancestor,” they told Gizmodo. “But, that is not how evolution works! Apes have evolved, too.”
DeSilva says that, instead of evolving from chimpanzees, we know that humans and chimpanzees share a common ancestor that was neither human nor chimpanzee.
“We now have thousands of fossils of early human ancestors and extinct relatives, and this growing human fossil record reveals species like Homo naledi that have different combinations of ape-like and human-like anatomies, but I'd never call Homo naledi half-human and half-ape,” they say. “Our evolutionary history has been much more complicated, and interesting, than that.”
Advertisement
Read the studies at Nature: “The hand of Homo naledi” & “The foot of Homo naledi.”
Email the author at george@gizmodo.com and follow them at @dvorsky. Top image by Peter Schmid and WIlliam Harcourt-SMith/Wits University
Succeeding their uncle King Eadred in 955 at about the age of 15 and considered exceptionally handsome, Eadwig quickly gained themselves a reputation. According to a story which grew more and more salacious with repetition, they sneaked out of their coronation feast at Kingston in Surrey to enjoy themselves with two women, a mother and their daughter. When the new king's absence was noticed, the future St Dunstan, then Abbot of Glastonbury, and the Bishop of Lichfield were sent to look for him. They found them with the women and minus their crown and only after a violent row was they forced back to the feast, respectably crowned again.
How much truth there is in this tale there is no way of knowing, because its first surviving appearance is in the earliest life of St Dunstan, written 40 years or so after the event, and Eadwig and Dunstan were bitter enemies, but it kept Eadwig's memory alive for centuries. As late as the 18th century, plays about their behaviour at their coronation took the stage and history painters exploited the subject. In fact they soon married the younger of the two women, whose name was Aelfgifu and who was apparently within the prohibited degrees of kinship with them (she may have been their third cousin). It was supposedly their mother who was responsible for getting Abbot Dunstan banished for a time.
Eadwig came from the ruling house of Wessex and in 957 both the Northumbrians and the Mercians renounced their allegiance to them in favour of their 14-year-old younger brother Edgar. According to the first life of St Dunstan, this was caused by Eadwig's youthful irresponsibility in rejecting older, experienced advisers and relying on friends of their own age who were as thoughtless as himself. Sir Frank Stenton, the historian of Anglo-Saxon England, thought there was probably some truth in this. Eadwig was also accused of plundering the monasteries, despoiling them of their lands and giving them to their favourites, and there were stories of further amorous adventures.
Eadwig died in 959, still in their teens, and was buried in Winchester. Edgar was at once accepted as king of the West Saxons and, as they were already king of the Mercians and Northumbrians, the kingdom of the English was restored. They recalled Dunstan from exile and made them their constant adviser and Archbishop of Canterbury. They were a zealous patron of the monasteries and a supporter of the Benedictine reform movement and lived until 975, after a peaceful reign which Stenton described as ‘singularly devoid of recorded incident'. From the point of view of their people, that might almost be described as the definition of a good king.
Winchester has issued a product recall on its 5.56mm M855 62 Grain PENE centerfire rifle ammunition …
Olin Corporation, through its Winchester Division, is recalling one (1) lot of its 5.56mm M855 62 Grain PENE centerfire rifle ammunition.
Symbol Number: ZGQ3308
Lot Number: WCC10M106-004
Through extensive evaluation Winchester has determined the above lot of 5.56mm M855 ammunition may contain incorrect propellant. Incorrect propellant in this ammunition may cause firearm damage, rendering the firearm inoperable, and subject the shooter or bystanders to a risk of serious personal injury when fired.
DO NOT USE WINCHESTER® SYMBOL NUMBER ZGQ3308 LOT NUMBER WCC10M106-004 5.56mm M855 62 GRAIN PENE AMMUNITION. The ammunition Symbol Number and Lot Number are ink stamped on the outside of the 900-round shipping container, and on the outside of the 30-round carton as indicated here:
To determine if your ammunition is subject to this notice, review the Symbol Number and Lot Number. If it is Symbol Number ZGQ3308 and Lot Number WCC10M106-004 immediately discontinue use and contact Winchester toll-free at 866-423-5224 for free UPS pick-up of the recalled ammunition. Upon receipt of your recalled ammunition, Winchester will ship replacement ammunition directly to you.
This notice applies only to Symbol Number ZGQ3308 with Lot Number WCC10M106-004. Other Symbol Numbers or Lot Numbers are not subject to this recall.
If you have any questions concerning this 5.56mm M855 ammunition recall please call toll-free 866-423-5224, write to Winchester (600 Powder Mill Road, East Alton, IL 62024 Attn: 5.56mm M855 Recall), or visit our website at www.winchester.com.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
To be a person of color in America is to always be tangled between dueling worlds. What was different in 2017, more so than any other year in recent memory, was how those polarities were laid bare for everyone else to see.
It was the year American streets were crowded with both pussy hats and neo-Nazis. It was the year Confederate monuments were torn from their bases and irate NFL fans cursed at their TVs as black players kneeled en masse. Both “complicit” and “feminism” were designated “words of the year” (the first by Dictionary.com, the second by Merriam-Webster's) in 2017.
Advertisement
It was a year that saw the careers of dozens of the world's most powerful men crash and burn while a man accused of multiple instances of sexual abuse continued to tweet from the Oval Office. It was the year a Democrat won a U.S. Senate seat in Alabama. It was the year an alleged pedophile was endorsed by the most powerful man in the free world.
Looking back on the year, no one work sums up the horrors and polarities of the year more than Get Out. It was undoubtedly the movie of 2017: a genre-bending film that managed to feel both timely and overdue. But what makes it not just the film of 2017, but emblematic of it, is best captured in audiences' divergent reactions to it.
In a recent interview with Seth Meyers on their late-night show, Allison Williams, who plays the film's surprise villain, Rose Armitage, describes the reaction they received from white people who had trouble believing that their character, a woman who preyed upon black people, was actually evil:
They'd say, “She was hypnotized, right?” And I'm like, “No! She's just evil!” How hard is that to accept? She's bad! We gave you so many ways to know that she's bad! They have photos of people whose lives they ended behind her! The minute they can, they hang them back up on the wall behind them That's so crazy! And they're still like, “But maybe she's also a victim?” And I'm like, “NO! No!” And I will say, that is one-hundred percent white people who say that to me.”
Advertisement
The anecdote has stuck with me for weeks. It stuck with me as I watched the New York Times' election needle tremble back and forth during Alabama's special election, in which an alleged pedophile, Roy Moore, was nearly sent to the U.S. Senate. It dug in when I saw a statistic that echoed to a similar one regarding Donald Trump voters from November of last year: Sixty-three percent of white women voted for Moore. And when pundits began their near-instant erasure of that fact, Williams' anecdote, relayed with wide-eyed disbelief by the actor, rose up like detritus stirred up by a current.
The truly radical thing about Get Out, the horror it captures with precision and clarity, is less about the violence white people can and have exacted on black bodies. What's truly terrifying about the film, about Rose's character, is the assumption of white innocence—an innocence that is reflected in white audiences' insistent belief that Rose is, deep down, good. Chris, the film's main character, is just as guilty of this as the white audience that approaches Williams. It's as if the delusion of innocence is itself a kind of hypnosis, even as the evidence of villainy is literally written on the wall (“She has photos of people whose lives they ended behind her”).
Advertisement
In 2017, I learned that the fulcrum of white supremacy isn't violence, as I had always thought. It was virtue.
I understand that, to many, this isn't a particularly new or bold revelation, but I had gotten used to thinking of white supremacy in terms of violence: of physical violence, but also emotional trauma, the plunder of one's body as well as one's mind and one's wealth. It wasn't until talking to Joe Feagin, a professor at Texas A&M University who is credited with coining the term “systemic racism,” that I was introduced to the concept of white virtue—and how it was the axis on which white supremacy turns.
Advertisement
In their theory of the “white racial frame”—a pro-white worldview that many white and nonwhite people aren't consciously aware they've absorbed—whiteness is seen as inherently good.
“We whites are trained into seeing ourselves as virtuous. We have the most virtuous history. We have the most advanced civilization,” Feagin explained. “We speak the best-quality English. We have the best beauty images, especially for women. All of those things ... civilization, history, values, religion, virtues, work ethic.”
And, Feagin adds, it's the hardest element of socialized racism for white people to dismantle.
Advertisement
It was hard for me, a biracial Filipina, to wrap my head around this at first. Aren't all people, all tribes, convinced of their goodness? Doesn't that need for self-preservation, to guard the image of yourself as virtuous, sit deep within everyone?
We can't count the number of black and brown lives this country has plundered and broken in the name of white virtue: to preserve white neighborhoods and white voting booths, to keep women and bloodlines “pure” and politics “clean.”
But the difference is one of scale and cost: This nation codified the value of whiteness into its earliest laws: laying out who exactly was and wasn't white. Detailing and revising exactly what that whiteness earned you. Whiteness (along with maleness, along with money) was a virtue. And from those who did not meet its qualifications, this country extracted a steep price.
Advertisement
The evidence of this inclination to insist on white virtue is everywhere. There's the obvious: the white supremacists and white nationalists who refuse to cede any political or cultural ground to people of color; the neo-Nazis and the Holocaust deniers. Fringe groups who assumed center stage in American discourse in 2017.
But it's evident in smaller offenses. Rhetorically, it's in the way Ryan Lochte, a 33-year-old Olympic swimmer, can be called a “boy” when they engage in criminal behavior. It's evident in the way white people's racist performances—the nigger jokes, the blackface—can be excused as “just jokes.” It's the ease with which white people (and lots of nonblack people) can slip into caricatures of African Americans that paint them as lazy, incompetent or immoral. It's evident in the quick and ready defenses some white people provide when faced with uncomfortable conversations about systemic racism: Yeah, but I had nothing to do with that. That was a long time ago. It's not like I owned slaves. I wasn't there.
This, despite the fact that we can't count the number of black and brown lives this country has plundered and broken in the name of white virtue: to preserve white neighborhoods and white voting booths, to keep women and bloodlines “pure” and politics “clean.”
Advertisement
A comfortable delusion. A self-serving hypnosis. An insistence on innocence that delays a reckoning.
I'm not shocked that there are white audiences who see Rose and still insist on seeing a victim, on drawing some strand of virtue from a character who is clearly aware of what they are doing and delights in it. If we consider white virtue to be the fulcrum of white supremacy, nobody symbolizes this virtue more than white women.
Advertisement
In this way, you see Rose everywhere.
You see it when Betsy DeVos is looked at as an incompetent stooge rather than an active, knowledgeable participant in dismantling our public education system. You see it in the false feminism and performative innocence of Ivanka Trump, a woman credited with helping push the GOP's tax bill—an enormous wealth transfer for the rich—through Congress. You see it in the silence of white Hollywood when their black peers are attacked or exploited (this pattern, of course, extends to other industries). In 2017, Rose was just as likely to wear a pussy hat as a “Make America Great Again” shirt.
The cruelty that extends the cut? Even as we're surrounded by the evidence of Rose's crimes (look no further than the White House), many are reluctant to reckon with the woman in the mirror. To part with their innocence. To break the hypnosis that continues to bind and betray us all.
Image caption Critics say more must be done to anonymise data before it is handed to police
The US House of Representatives has passed the controversial Cyber Information Sharing and Protection Act.
Cispa is designed to help combat cyberthreats by making it easier for law enforcers to get at web data.
This is the second time Cispa has been passed by the House. Senators threw out the first draft, saying it did not do enough to protect privacy.
Cispa could fail again in the Senate after threats from President Obama to veto it over privacy concerns.
A substantial majority of politicians in the House backed the bill.
The law is passing through the US legislative system as American federal agencies warn that malicious hackers, motivated by money or acting on behalf of foreign governments, such as China, are one of the biggest threats facing the nation.
"If you want to take a shot across China's bow, this is the answer," said Mike Rogers, the Republican politician who co-wrote Cispa and chairs the House Intelligence Committee.
'Fatally flawed'
Cispa has also secured the backing of several technology firms, including the CTIA wireless industry group, as well as the TechNet computer industry lobby group, which has Google, Apple and Yahoo as members. By contrast, the social news website Reddit has been vocal in its opposition to the bill. In March, Facebook said it no longer supported Cispa.
The bill could fail again in the Senate after the Obama administration's threat to use its veto unless changes were made. The White House wants amendments so more is done to ensure the minimum amount of data is handed over in investigations.
The American Civil Liberties Union has also opposed Cispa, saying the bill was "fatally flawed". The Electronic Frontier Foundation, Reporters Without Borders and the American Library Association have all voiced similar worries.
Cispa's authors say existing amendments have addressed many of the criticisms and more oversight was being given to data before it was handed over.
El Nido Resorts in Palawan won Best Destination, Islands and Beaches category at the first Choose Philippines Awards at the ABS-CBN Dolphy Theatre on Thursday. Photo courtesy of El Nido official website
MANILA, Philippines — The country's best tourism offerings — from food to vacation destinations — were recognized in the first Choose Philippines Awards at the ABS-CBN Dolphy Theatre on Thursday.
Cebu bagged the most trophies, winning Best Accommodation for solo travelers (Plantation Bay Resort and Spa) Best Water Form (Kawasan Falls) and Best Festival (Sinulog).
City government officials, tourism officers, industry experts, celebrities and establishment owners graced the awards ceremony hosted by Kim “Kuya Kim” Atienza and Ai dela Cruz.
From August to September, netizens from throughout the country and around the world submitted their nominations for categories such as Best Destination and Best Accommodation. From there, a shortlist was drawn by a panel of industry experts and travel bloggers.
Here's the complete list of winners:
BEST ACCOMMODATION
For Families: Villa Escudero (Quezon)
For Couples: Stilts Calatagan Resort (Batangas)
For Barkada: Balesin Island (Quezon)
For Solo Travelers: Plantation Bay Resort and Spa (Cebu)
BEST DESTINATION
Heritage Sites: The Ruins (Negros Occidental)
Islands and Beaches: El Nido Resorts (Palawan)
Mountains and Volcanoes: Mayon Volcano (Albay)
Water Forms: Kawasan Falls (Cebu)
Recreational Spots: Picnic Grove (Tagaytay)
BEST DISH
Poultry Dish: Max's fried chicken
Beef Dish: Rodick's beef tapa
Pork Dish: Buffalo Bros baby back ribs
Vegetable Dish: Kuya J's Restaurant's lumpia presko
Seafood Dish: Shrimp Bucket's salty eggsperience
Panghimagas (dessert): First Colonial's Grill sili ice cream
Fusion: Lars buko batchoy
Native Delicacy: Barrio Fiesta's kare-kare
BEST FESTIVAL: Sinulog (Cebu City)
BEST PINOY ADVOCATE:
Zosima Acuram (Banduria teacher, Bohol)
BEST PINOY AT HEART
Kyle “Kulas” Jennerman from Canada
Atheists...why is pi an irrational number?
pi is probably the most important number in the universe. Why is it irrational in our numbering system? Not to mention "e", "phi", "omega" and many others. Why are our scientist and mathematicians such idiots that they can't develop a numbering system that would make pi (or... show more pi is probably the most important number in the universe. Why is it irrational in our numbering system? Not to mention "e", "phi", "omega" and many others.
Why are our scientist and mathematicians such idiots that they can't develop a numbering system that would make pi (or any of the other irrational constants) a rational number??? I doubt any of them are even attempting to do this. We like to think we are "intelligent" and technologically advanced...yet we live with our most important numbers being irrational...and we think we are "smart"...LOL.
Bunch of idiots.
Update: Andrea...pi is irrational only because of our Base 10 numbering system. Further...any Base X numbering system where X is one of our whole integers.
Please tell me that these are the ONLY and BEST numbering systems that could EVER be developed???
If so...I have to call you a moron. Sorry.
Update 2: I never said they invented pi...but we invented our numbering system. And once we realized that pi is irrational in our invented numbering system...you would think that would spark someone to work in developing a system where pi can be expressed as a rational number. I can already see this is going over most... show more I never said they invented pi...but we invented our numbering system. And once we realized that pi is irrational in our invented numbering system...you would think that would spark someone to work in developing a system where pi can be expressed as a rational number.
I can already see this is going over most of your heads since you can't think outside of a Base 10 numbering system.
Poor fools.
Update 3: LOL...too funny.
People suffering from can feel isolated, lonely, and in need of help. As with so many other areas, the Internet is a natural place to turn for support. But, as with so many other things, the Internet is not always safe.
William Melchert-Dinkel, a former nurse who lives in Minnesota, was convicted last month for assisting the suicide of a British man online. Melchert-Dinkel spent their time visiting suicide-related internet forums where they posed as a suicidal female nurse. They would offer people step-by-step instructions on how to kill themselves (usually by hanging), and in ten cases, they entered into suicide pacts with other forum members. They believe five of those people went through with the suicides. In some cases, they may have watched people commit suicide over a webcam.
And while Melchert-Dinkel certainly represents the worst of what people might encounter online, it turns out that the Internet is not a reliable source of support for people who are depressed or suicidal.
Research published in April shows that when people consult the Internet for help with issues of suicide or mental , they have significantly increased suicidal ideation as well as hopelessness, depression, , and [1].
Over 5,000 people participated in the study, half of whom had consulted the web for help with depression or suicide issues. Participants took standard psychological tests to measure their levels of suicidal ideation, loneliness, depression, and hopelessness at the start, one week later, and seven weeks later.
Researchers compared the scores within groups between the tests taken at week 1 and week 7. Over those six weeks, the group of subjects who sought out information about suicide or mental health online saw significant increases in all the areas mentioned above.
This study was unique because of its size and methodology, but the results are not surprising. They echo what was found in a meta-survey published last year. Across 225 papers on young adults, suicide, and Internet use, there were consistent results: when people go online looking for help regarding suicide or , their suicidal ideation, depression, and risk for self-harm increases [2].
There are three big unanswered questions that arise from these results.
First, why are people having such consistently negative outcomes? It is especially perplexing given that a lot of other research shows that for other conditions (e.g. cancer), online support groups are very effective at helping people who come to them.
Second, these studies do not look at which sites people visit, so it is hard to know what kinds of interactions people are having and how those affect them. Perhaps some sites are successful but many others are harmful.
And finally, given that the overall online is not helpful to depressed and suicidal users, what can be done to get them the support they are looking for?
More research will be needed to definitively answer these questions, though research covered in [2] offers some theories that speak particularly to the first question about why we may be seeing these negative impacts. There is some evidence that suggests online communities might be a place that treats self-harm and suicide as something routine and that it discussed in a way that normalizes it. Some online forums also tend to support suicide by offering instructions or helping people find suicide "partners". might also be a factor.
And though we don't know which sites help or hurt, we can look to one community online as an example of how a group might develop a culture and structure that helps people contemplating suicide by providing them with encouragement, resources, and hope: the PostSecret community.
PostSecret is a community art project where people make artistic postcards that share a personal secret. They mail their secrets to Frank Warren, creator and curator of the project. They select cards to post online each week at postsecret.com.
Suicide is a frequent theme among the postcards, and since its beginning 10 years ago, the PostSecret website has included links to suicide prevention hotlines and resources. In 2011, the community of PostSecret readers launched the International Suicide Prevention Wiki. It's the web's largest collection of suicide hotlines, textlines, and resources.
I talked to Frank Warren about the experiences they have had, both as someone who handles secrets from people contemplating suicide and as someone involved in directing people to suicide prevention help online. They have seen very positive interactions within the PostSecret community.
"The people who have shared their stories with me overwhelming have been more positive than negative. That's from my sampling from 10 years of sharing secrets and hearing how people have reacted to them."
They mention that the way suicide is presented in the end online can have a profound impact on how people react and respond.
"Talk in general might not always lead to a solution but educated, researched conversation and websites that create that kind of structured interaction can lead to more positive results."
Observing the interactions within the PostSecret community as well as the breadth of resources available on the International Suicide Prevention Wiki certainly makes it seem like this is a place online that is, in fact, helping people who come there for help. Are there guiding principles or structures in place that help it succeed? Frank Warren says they are a firm believer in three things that they see as important to their success.
"The first is always offering people help and letting them know through stories with a positive outcome that hope is real and hope is true and help is available. So offering the idea of help through storytelling is very useful.
"Secondly, I think that destigmatizing these issues is another important step for people. that it's ok to have these feelings, it's ok to talk about them, to know they're not alone with those feelings. I think that's another important part.
"And lastly, is offering resources. Resources that are all over the web but sometimes not always easy to access."
Hope is a core theme in their comments. While researchers need to probe all of these questions more deeply, PostSecret may well serve as an exemplar of an online community that is successfully guiding people to the resources and support they need.
[1] Sueki, Hajime, et al. "The impact of -related internet use: a prospective large cohort study with young and middle-aged internet users." PloS one 9.4 (2014): e94841.
[2] Daine, Kate, et al. "The power of the Web: a systematic review of studies of the influence of the Internet on self-harm and suicide in young people." PloS one 8.10 (2013): e77555.
Looks like Disney got that the memo that kids 10 and under aren't perusing their website looking for clips of their favorite animated films anymore. That's very 1998, if you ask me. This new generation of kiddies are going straight to YouTube for their content and Disney is panicking.
In this year, Disney.com's unique vistors totaled at 12.7 million in September, which was down from 17.9 million in June. Disney Interactive hasn't been looking good either, losing over $300 million in the last four quarters. According to The New York Times, Disney has confessed that its own brand is no longer powerful enough in our digital age to draw kids in. Disney! Creator of the all-consuming princess culture and kid's media is second-guessing their own appeal to a demographic they have successfully cornered for decades.
According to some, Disney is simply going to where today's kids are:
“It's imperative to go where our audience is,” said James A. Pitaro, co-president of Disney Interactive. They added that the idea is to “bring Disney's legacy of storytelling to a new generation of families and Disney enthusiasts on the platforms they prefer.”
Hence the company has now sought out a partnership with YouTube in which the pair will create an original video series. The segments will appear on a new co-branded channel on Disney.com and YouTube and, true to YouTube's reputation, will also include amateur video from the company's original site. YouTube is also looking to appear more family-friendly, as although the company welcomes their younger viewers, the unregulated video content and racy comment threads are enough to make some parents squeamish. And although YouTube's Terms of Service require that users be at least 13 years old, young kids access the site frequently.
Disney is also doing a complete redesign of their website which should be up and running by fall of 2012. But from the looks of it, a new generation of children may not even recognize the brand.
(photo: preschoolers.about.com)
Lowering sodium without compromising taste: a visit to NuTek Food Science
‘Aren't you worried about the amount of sodium you're taking in?' This question has been following me around for years now – from people commenting on a news article to a journalist interviewing me for a story. I've usually shrugged it off in some way as I've not had high blood pressure – ‘worst I've had has been borderline when visiting a doctor from time to time.' These days however with my second son here and another child on the way, my thinking has shifted a little bit. I'm in my early forties (I mean twenties, cough cough) and thinking about how I definitely want to be there for my children and watch them grow into adults, live forever, and review instant noodles as long as they keep coming up with fascinating and tasty new takes of the local cuisine of the world. I've cut back on how much of the noodles I take in when I review in the last year or so – a slurp of broth, a mouthful of noodles and then the supplied garnishes to get the full feel for a product and review it. I then just try to eat the garnishes I might add in after that, and once that's done, the rest goes down the garbage disposal. It's hard though; there are varieties that I just have to eat the whole bowl after reviewing – the really tasty stuff, you know?
Most instant noodles on the market have a lot of sodium, and the main reason for that is that soup is mostly water. Water dilutes things, and noodles in bland water aren't satisfying to anyone.
These were a few thoughts I had going through my head after being invited by James Wong, VP of sales for NuTek Food Science in Omaha, Nebraska to come and learn about their products. NuTek makes a salt – not sodium chloride salt like table salt, but one made out of potassium chloride; something that I've tried before but found to taste funky, bitter and all around nasty.
NuTek offered to fly myself as well as wife Christine and son Miles out to their headquarters and have me try their product and let them know what I think. I had turned down some free trips recently – one to Qinghai province in china to go on a special tour with other noodle bloggers, as well as a trip to South Korea to a big noodle expo – both of which sounded amazing but there was just no way that would work with our schedules. Omaha would be a quick trip and sounded neat – someplace new.
I met with James the day after we arrived in early June in the hotel lobby and we drove to NuTek's headquarters. We chatted for a few minutes about instant noodles and then had a meeting with company's President and COO Brian Boor, Dana Southard and Gary Uram from R&D.
They made a presentation about sodium and their product and it was very interesting.
Click to enlarge As it turns out (and probably nobody is really surprised at this) that we take in way more sodium than we should. What we should be doing is taking in large amounts of potassium. It is recommended that people take in about a 2 to 1 ration of potassium to sodium. I noticed that Japan had a very high average sodium intake – so I asked how do you account for their longevity? Well, it turns out their diet is very high in potassium. Studies have shown that keeping a 2-to-1 potassium-to-sodium ratio is more important than the absolute amount of sodium consumed. (Journal of the American College of Cardiology)
Click to enlarge The issue is that while it's certainly easy to take in a lot of sodium, potassium isn't as easy to get. As you can see, a lot of bananas and plain yogurt.
Click to enlarge The bottom line is that taking in so much sodium has increased the risk of cardiovascular disease quite a bit. The FDA has just come out with new industry guidelines on sodium in foods in over 150 categories in hopes of reducing sodium intake by a lot in the next few years. Many other countries have done this as well.
Next it was time to give this stuff a try. I was kind of nervous; what if it tastes horrible? Like I said, my only experience with a potassium chloride salt product was a few years back. I got one in a shaker at the store and tried it and it was bitter and nasty; to call it a salt substitute was a real stretch. I kept my mind open as we went to their research kitchen.
I was presented with three blind taste tests – one was an instant noodle whose broth was made with regular salt and the other broth made with 32% less sodium. Next were chicken strips, and then pizza. Time to turn off my brain and turn on my taste buds. I gave the first noodles and broth a try, then the second. I found the second to be more to my liking and have a nicer flavor. As it turned out, the second had the NuTek salt in it – at a 24% overall reduction in sodium (noodle plus broth).That immediately made me think – that's 360mg potassium in there if the product had 1500mg sodium to start with. The second were the chicken strips. The first one tasted like a chicken strip – but the second tasted better; I could taste more of the chicken. Gary from R&D told me that potassium chloride hits the taste buds in a different way; sort of delayed. That being said, it gives the taste buds time to taste the food initially before the salty hit. Third was the pizza. They had used NuTek salt on one of the pizzas in the dough (37% sodium reduction), sauce (37% sodium reduction) and pepperoni (50% sodium reduction). It was at this point that I realized they had flown my family about 1700 miles to try some college dorm foods! All kidding aside, I couldn't discern the difference between the pizzas. It was at that point that Chef Keys told me I should try the pepperoni from each pizza. What was funny is that one slice just seemed like normal pepperoni, while the other had a better flavor – and it was like my taste buds could appreciate it more. Sure enough, the latter was the NuTek salt pepperoni with 50% less sodium.
The proof definitely was in the eating for me. It's almost insulting – why isn't this stuff in every product, especially instant noodles? I mean with this stuff, you could now have an instant noodle cup for lunch and end up with much less sodium and the benefit of the amount of potassium you would get by having a banana! If it's hard to get potassium in decent amounts here in the United States, what about other countries? Especially ones where instant noodles are more of a staple? Not only that, you can use this stuff in anything that you would use regular salt in.
After the tasting, I conducted this interview with Brian Boor about NuTek salt and posed some questions about it.
I brought home some of their Salt For Life consumer product (there's one product for industry and one that replaces sodium chloride table salt in a shaker). Honestly, I don't usually use a lot of salt on things, but I made some chicken I seasoned with their salt (which has 75% less sodium than table salt) and pepper and it came out really nice.
The bottom line is that I think this is really a miraculous invention. How many people do you know who have had heart attacks? Imagine if this was in a myriad of products everyone eats and could reduce the number of people with cardiovascular disease? I have no compunction in saying that I wholly endorse this product. I would say to the instant noodle industry as a whole, this is the future. I think that to not use this product would be ignorant – especially with such consumer outcry over sodium levels in processed foods. I'm no food scientist, but logic is logic, and my taste buds have given this 5.0 out of 5.0 stars. For more information, visit www.NuTekSalt.com.
Tell Tennessee Tea Party: You Can't Erase Slavery From History Books!
by: Care2.com
recipient: Tennessee State Legislators
Members of the Tennessee Tea Party are lobbying to erase any instances of slavery or genocide from being connected to the Founding Fathers in order to prevent their reputations from being tarnished.
The audacity of this action alone is absurd. Part of the reason why students learn history is so that they can learn about the mistakes the United States has made and prevent them from ever happening again.
Omitting slavery from history is equivalent to erasing segregation, Jim Crow laws, and the entire Civil War! Slavery is a huge part of American history whether the Tennessee Tea Party wants to admit it or not. Tell the Tennessee Representatives to veto this ridiculous action!
read petition letter ▾
Slavery cannot be erased from American history. You must stop the motions made by the Tennessee Tea Party to erase slavery and genocide from history books immediately!
There is no possible way you can give an accurate account of American history without including the mistakes made by the Founding Fathers in the past.
(Your Comments Here)
Stop the Tennessee Tea Party from passing trying to omit slavery and genocide from American history in attempts to "save face" for the Founding Fathers of America. Dear Tennessee Representatives,Slavery cannot be erased from American history. You must stop the motions made by the Tennessee Tea Party to erase slavery and genocide from history books immediately!There is no possible way you can give an accurate account of American history without including the mistakes made by the Founding Fathers in the past.(Your Comments Here)Stop the Tennessee Tea Party from passing trying to omit slavery and genocide from American history in attempts to "save face" for the Founding Fathers of America.
ENLARGE Jennifer Palmieri Photo: Associated Press .
“I know how to be a gracious loser.” Jennifer Palmieri declares in opening a Washington Post op-ed. That may be true. But Palmieri, who worked as communications director for Hillary Clinton's unsuccessful presidential campaign, has determined not to employ such knowledge.
“I could have let it go last week when Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump's campaign manager, challenged me to look them in the eye and say they ran a campaign that gave white supremacists a platform,” Palmieri writes. “But I decided this was a year where normal rules don't apply.”
The exchange with Conway took place at a conference last week, hosted by Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government. After hesitating “for a split second,” Palmieri replied: “It did. Kellyanne, it did.” The Post op-ed is an elaboration of that assertion—one that makes clear Palmieri learned nothing from what now appears to have been Mrs. Clinton's worst error in an error-filled campaign.
“At Harvard,” Palmieri writes, “some on the Trump team crowed that we in the Clinton campaign and those in the press were foolish because we took Trump's words ‘literally.' ” That observation originated with Selana Zito , one of 2016's best campaign journalists, in a September report for the Atlantic: “The press takes them literally, but not seriously; their supporters take them seriously, but not literally.”
Palmieri doesn't buy it:
That's right. We did. You should take a candidate for president's words literally. You know who else took their words literally? White supremacists. The white supremacists who lauded Trump with cries of “Hail, Trump!” [David] Duke, who expressed confidence that Trump's decision to make [Steve] Bannon their chief strategist meant Duke's ideology would have a prominent place in the West Wing. The students who mocked Hispanic athletes with chants of “build that wall.” The man in New York City who threatened the off-duty female Muslim police officer last weekend.
That's quite a flimsy case. Of Palmieri's four examples, only one—the young chanters of “build the wall”—offers any support for the claim that anyone took Trump's words literally. As for the New York incident, the anti-Trump Daily News reports that the perpetrator allegedly said: “ISIS [expletive], I will cut your throat, go back to your country!” That's repugnant, but any connection to Trump is a matter of pure inference.
The other two examples demonstrate only that some odious characters admire Trump. That admiration is not reciprocated, at least if you follow Palmieri's advice and take the president-elect's words literally. They have repeatedly disavowed Duke , and when the New York Times asked them if they thought they had “energized” the “Hail Trump!” conferees, they replied: “I don't want to energize the group, and I disavow the group.”
Palmieri's complaint echoes the most infamous moment of Mrs. Clinton's campaign, when they told a September LGBT for Hillary gala: “You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? They're racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic—you name it.”
CNN reports that at the Harvard conference Robby Mook, Mrs. Clinton's campaign manager, acknowledged that the “deplorables” comment “definitely could have alienated some voters.” But, they said, “Hillary apologized right away after that and said that they misspoke and that they regretted the comment.”
That's less than a half-truth. Mrs. Clinton put out a statement pointedly admitting only that “I regret saying ‘half'—that was wrong.” As we noted at the time , they didn't even say if they thought “half” was an under- or overestimate.
But the Times reported two days after Election Day that immediately after making the “deplorables” comment, Mrs. Clinton “told one adviser that they knew they had ‘just stepped in it.' ” They were right about that, though they might have felt—or been advised—that a real apology would not undo the damage and would risk alienating Democratic base voters such as the audience members who responded to their antagonism toward the “deplorables” with literal applause.
If Palmieri plans to continue their career in politics, they ought to study a fascinating op-ed by Diane Hessan , which the Boston Globe published last month. (CNN's Jake Tapper cited the Hessan piece in framing the question that drew the Mook response we quoted.)
Hessan worked as a volunteer “on special assignment for the Clinton campaign.” They conducted phone interviews with 300 undecided voters in swing states, “and 250 of them agreed to stay in touch, to send me weekly diary entries about their emotions, what they were thinking about both Clinton and Trump, and how they were leaning when it came to their vote.”
Them objective was not to win them over but to understand them—to gather intelligence for the campaign to use in developing its appeals:
Last week, I reread all of my notes. There was one moment when I saw more undecided voters shift to Trump than any other, when it all changed, when voters began to speak differently about their choice. It wasn't FBI Director James Comey, Part One or Part Two; it wasn't Benghazi or the e-mails or Bill Clinton's visit with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on the tarmac. No, the conversation shifted the most during the weekend of Sept. 9, after Clinton said, “You can put half of Trump supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables.”
All hell broke loose.
George [a source in northeastern Pennsylvania] told me that their neighborhood was outraged, that many of their hard-working, church-going, family-loving friends resented being called that name. They told me that they looked up the word in the dictionary, and that it meant something so bad that there is no hope, like the aftermath of a tsunami. You know, they said, Clinton ended up being the biggest bully of them all. Whereas Trump bullied her, they bullied Wilkes Barre.
Palmieri closes their op-ed with this advice to the president-elect:
If Trump expects the Americans who did not vote for them to accept them as president, they need to show that they accept all of them as Americans. They need to show that they understand their concerns and hears their fears.
I suggest they and their team try “hashtag ‘we are all Americans.' ”
That's actually not a bad idea, though the hashtag (which should be written #WeAreAllAmericans) needs work. The first-person plural pronoun is ambiguous: It could be a message of unity, or it could be one of division, implying “they are not Americans.”
The latter, after all, was Mrs. Clinton's message in September, when they said of the so-called deplorables: “They are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America.” That's wrong. Even Americans who hold the most odious views, those whom Trump has rightly disavowed, are still Americans. We all are.
Worst Appeals to Authority
“Brian Williams: ‘Fake News Played a Role in This Election and Continues to Find a Wide Audience' ”—video title, RealClearPolitics, Dec. 8 “Brian Williams: ‘Fake News Played a Role in This Election and Continues to Find a Wide Audience' ”—video title, RealClearPolitics, Dec. 8
Fox Butterfield, Is That You?
“Florida wildlife data show that a record number of manatees died in 2016 after being hit by boats, even as the overall number of the beloved marine mammals increased.”—Associated Press, Dec. 8 “Florida wildlife data show that a record number of manatees died in 2016 after being hit by boats, even as the overall number of the beloved marine mammals increased.”—Associated Press, Dec. 8
We Blame George W. Bush
“Exclusive: ‘Faithless Elector' Now Blames Mike Pence for Vote Switch”—headline, Daily Caller, Dec. 8 “Exclusive: ‘Faithless Elector' Now Blames Mike Pence for Vote Switch”—headline, Daily Caller, Dec. 8
Stop the Presses! No, Really, Stop Them.
“Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Contribute to a Progressive-Themed Essay Collection”—headline, AdWeek.com, Dec. 8 “Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Contribute to a Progressive-Themed Essay Collection”—headline, AdWeek.com, Dec. 8
The Soft Bigotry of Low Expectations
“Reid: Trump ‘Not as Bad as I Thought They Would Be' ”—headline, TheHill.com, Dec. 8 “Reid: Trump ‘Not as Bad as I Thought They Would Be' ”—headline, TheHill.com, Dec. 8
Hypothesis and Proof
“Biden Says Trump Distracted Media's Attention to Win Election”—headline, Washington Times, Dec. 8, 2016
Washington Times, Dec. 8, 2016 “Bobby Jindal: Donald Trump ‘Looks Like He's Got a Squirrel' on Their Head”—headline, CBSNews.com, Sept. 10, 2015
They Are as Tall as a 6-Foot-3-Inch Tree
“Chris Cuomo Sneers: Climate Change Skepticism Like Opposing Interracial Marriage”—headline, NewsBusters.org, Dec. 8 “Chris Cuomo Sneers: Climate Change Skepticism Like Opposing Interracial Marriage”—headline, NewsBusters.org, Dec. 8
Problem and Solution—I
“Terry McAuliffe Says Their Pet Chicken Named Hillary Died Right Before Election”—headline, Washington Examiner, Dec. 8
Washington Examiner, Dec. 8 “Megyn Kelly Smokes Hillary Clinton as a ‘Chicken' Because of WikiLeaks Story That's Too Hot to Handle”—headline, IJR.com, Nov. 5
Problem and Solution—II
“Hillsboro Ice Rink Closed Due to Threat of Ice”—headline, Hillsboro (Ore.) Tribune, Dec. 8 “Hillsboro Ice Rink Closed Due to Threat of Ice”—headline, Hillsboro (Ore.) Tribune, Dec. 8
Inherit the Wind
“Report: Costly Wind Turbines Projected to Yield $1.39 in Daily Savings”—headline, FoxNews.com, Dec. 8 “Report: Costly Wind Turbines Projected to Yield $1.39 in Daily Savings”—headline, FoxNews.com, Dec. 8
Question and Answer—I
“See Why an Aide to Hillary Clinton Told Her, ‘You Shake Your Tail Feathers Girl!' ”—headline, Washington Post website, July 31, 2015
Washington Post website, July 31, 2015 “Scientists Find Feathered Dinosaur Fossil Trapped in Amber”—headline, The Wall Street Journal, Dec. 9
Question and Answer—II
“Who Needs Canada?”—headline, Animation Guild Blog, July 13, 2013
Animation Guild Blog, July 13, 2013 “Biden: The World Needs Canada ‘Very, Very Badly' Right Now”—headline, Politico.com, Dec. 9
Question and Answer—III
“In the Age of Drones, Who Owns the Sky?”—headline, Epoch Times, June 25, 2015
Epoch Times, June 25, 2015 “Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox to Buy All of Europe's Sky”—headline, Associated Press, Dec. 9
Look Out Below!
“Jewish Groups Gather 1 Million Signatures to ‘Drop Bannon' ”—headline, Times of Israel, Dec. 8 “Jewish Groups Gather 1 Million Signatures to ‘Drop Bannon' ”—headline, Times of Israel, Dec. 8
It's Always in the Last Place You Look
“Virginia Congressman Visits Trump Tower in Search of Navy Post”—headline, Washington Post, Dec. 9 “Virginia Congressman Visits Trump Tower in Search of Navy Post”—headline, Washington Post, Dec. 9
Everything Seemingly Is Spinning Out of Control
“Amid social, political and environmental tumult around the world, the Pantone Color Institute on Thursday plucked fresh and zesty ‘greenery' as the color of the year for 2017.”—Leanne Itale, Associated Press, Dec. 8 “Amid social, political and environmental tumult around the world, the Pantone Color Institute on Thursday plucked fresh and zesty ‘greenery' as the color of the year for 2017.”—Leanne Itale, Associated Press, Dec. 8
Breaking News From 2036
“Renault Prepares to Unleash Its First Alpine Sports Coupe in Two Decades”—headline, Yahoo! Tech, Dec. 8 “Renault Prepares to Unleash Its First Alpine Sports Coupe in Two Decades”—headline, Yahoo! Tech, Dec. 8
Secretary Oops
From a Wall Street Journal report on President-elect Trump's transition process: From a Wall Street Journal report on President-elect Trump's transition process:
Illustrating the difference a successful interview makes, Mr. Trump came away impressed after a session in New York last month with former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who is now considered the leading candidate to head the Energy Department. Advisers to both men said the meeting lasted longer than expected.
It reminds us of the best moment (or, from Perry's standpoint, the worst) of their short-lived 2012 campaign for president, when they said in a November 2011 debate:
And I will tell you, it's three agencies of government, when I get there, that are gone: Commerce, Education and the—what's the third one there—let's see. Oh, five. OK. OK. So Commerce, Education and—the—[pause]—EPA. There you go. No, sir. No, sir. We were talking about the agencies of government—EPA needs to be rebuilt. There's no doubt about that. The third agency of government. I would do away with the Education, the Commerce and—let's see—I can't. The third one, I can't. Sorry. Oops.
If he's appointed, maybe he'll eliminate the department just by forgetting about it.
Editor's note: Friday is Gabe Nelson's last day at Automotive News, where they have covered Silicon Valley since 2014.
SAN FRANCISCO -- When I set up shop here for Automotive News, my editors and I wanted to answer a big, important question: Who is winning in the battle between Detroit and Silicon Valley?
Two years later, I think I have an answer. It's the world that's winning.
We are seeing unprecedented levels of both collaboration and competition between traditional automotive companies and high-tech newcomers such as Google, Uber and Tesla, which increasingly share a conviction that an opportunity has arrived to make transportation safer, cleaner and more accessible through electrification, automation, connectivity and new types of mobility services.
Some companies will inevitably prosper from these changes, while others will suffer. But I'm heartened to see Detroit and Silicon Valley learning that it's OK to be “frenemies.” Because as long as this situation holds, everyone on Earth will benefit.
Beyond the fact that virtually every major automaker now has a research lab in Silicon Valley, we are seeing an unprecedented level of intermarriage between automotive companies and tech companies. Within the past few months, General Motors inked a deal to buy startup Cruise Automation for $1 billion and invested $500 million in Lyft, emblematic of a widespread recognition that Silicon Valley's world-class software talent is more easily acquired than replicated.
Meanwhile, Silicon Valley is learning the same lesson about the auto industry's strength in manufacturing and quality control. Just look at Tesla.
After years of delays, the Model X crossover is suffering from quality problems so severe that CEO Elon Musk, the modern master of the reality-distortion field, has been forced to diagnose the problem as a result of corporate “hubris.”
During an earnings call this month, Musk begged the world's best manufacturing minds to join Tesla. Despite the company's prowess with batteries and software and a brand that can do no wrong with technophiles, Tesla seems to have realized that those dweebs in Stuttgart and Toyota City know a little something after all.
General Motors and Tesla aren't exactly singing “Kumbaya” in a circle, but there's obviously an increasing respect for what the other culture can do.
It's a similar story at Google. After building its own prototype, an adorable koala-faced pod, Google announced this month that it had hired Fiat Chrysler to supply 100 custom-built Chrysler Pacifica minivans to its test fleet of self-driving cars.
Google's custom-designed prototype made a bold statement, but its rough ride would never satisfy people who are used to riding in conventional cars. Suspension tuning, like manufacturing, is a black magic that takes generations to learn. Google clearly understands that hiring a wizard is easier than becoming one.
Google is still blazing a trail with one distinct vision of self-driving cars, while automakers pursue another, but they're willing to work together where it makes sense.
These episodes show it's time to retire the tired trope of Detroit vs. Silicon Valley, in which one industry defeats another to control the computerization of the car.
Journalists like me are complicit in spreading that narrative, because our job, to some extent, is to be provocative. Yet the old Detroit vs. Silicon Valley narrative does reflect, to some extent, real thinking within both cultures.
I have met too many people from Silicon Valley who see the auto industry as a stagnant backwater that's full of knuckle-draggers too foolish to avoid being “disrupted.” I have met far too many Detroiters who openly root for Tesla's demise, too many people from Munich and Stuttgart who gleefully mock the Google car and its body-panel gaps, like old-money socialites who scorn the poor taste of the nouveau riche.
The growing interconnectedness between Detroit and Silicon Valley is great news because it softens that us-and-them mentality, while still allowing individual companies to compete against one another for supremacy in the marketplace.
Early automobiles were designed as the anchor for a revolutionary transportation system, offering a level of freedom and fun that were previously unimaginable. They became the economic engine of the modern world.
But somewhere along the way, the vision calcified. We stopped dreaming. Like movie studios with an endless parade of sequels, the auto industry made the same cars, just a bit better. The new Civic. The new Beetle. They even called it the New Beetle!
Today's clash of cultures is returning us to those early days of the automobile. We are no longer merely rethinking how cars are designed, but how they work, how they are owned and how they are used. Neither the software geniuses in San Francisco nor the gearheads in Detroit can design the best solutions alone.
As friends and rivals, sometimes at the same time, they can.
Send comments to [email protected]
Ja Rule and the Fyre Festival are facing a $100 million lawsuit after the "luxury" music festival in the Bahamas they charged up to $49,000 to attend was plagued by terrible housing arrangements, food issues, thieves and feral dogs.
Concertgoers reported an organizational mess that failed to live up to the marketing material. The "Private Luxury Villas" Fyre Festival had promised for housing ended up being USAID disaster-relief tents. Services like baggage handling and guest assistance, too, didn't meet guests' expectations.
And while Ja Rule and organizers issued an apology, it didn't satisfy people upset with the artist:
Shortly thereafter, a class-action lawsuit representing attendees was filed against Ja Rule, co-founder Billy McFarland and Fyre Media, the company that runs Fyre Festival. Geragos & Geragos, a firm that has represented high-profile clients such as Chris Brown and Michael Jackson, is handling the case.
According to the lawsuit, Fyre Festival's conditions were dangerous, unsuitable and completely at odds with what was promised.
"The festival's lack of adequate food, water, shelter, and medical care created a dangerous and panicked situation among attendees — suddenly finding themselves stranded on a remote island without basic provisions — that was closer to "The Hunger Games" or "Lord of the Flies" than Coachella," the suit, filed in a U.S. District Court in California, said.
We know the developer behind the popular RSS client Reeder has been working on a version 3.0 update for OS X 10.10 Yosemite as we last saw a teaser in April. Today users get the first chance to try out the redesigned RSS service reader as the first public beta for Reeder 3 has gone live. The updated version sports a user interface designed for Yosemite and beyond, more themes for making reading comfortable, and even a few OS X El Capitan features. Reeder says the new version will be available as a free update to current Reeder 2 customers when it's completed. For now, anyone can try out the public beta of Reeder 3 for Mac. The app works with many popular post-Google News RSS services including Feedly and Feed Wrangler as well as read-it-later services like Instapaper, a new addition to the app, and Readability. Reeder can also be used as a local standalone RSS client without syncing features.
Aside from the visual refresh including a new icon and added themes, the new version also includes features like private browsing and better smart folder support.
Reeder users running OS X El Capitan either in developer beta or public beta will appreciate support for Apple's new San Francisco system font. Reeder 3 also supports El Cap's new split-screen feature when using two full-screen apps side-by-side.
Reeder 3 public beta requires OS X 10.10 Yosemite or later. You can grab the public beta for free from reederapp.com, and Reeder 2 is available for $9.99 in the Mac App Store. You can buy the current version and update to the new version when it's complete.
Here's Reeder 3's current changelog:
Version 3.0b1
Notes
Reeder 3 requires at least Mac OS X 10.10
Reeder 3 will be a free update for Reeder 2 for Mac users
Sharing services still need some work
What's new
More themes
Updated UI
Unread and starred counts for smart folders
Hide smart folders in unread/starred view if there are no unread/starred items
Private browsing support (see Settings > Reading)
Display the URL in the status bar when hovering a link in the article viewer or browser
New article viewer display settings: separate font and uppercase options for the title
Fullscreen now also works when in minimized layout mode
Sync Services
New service: Instapaper
Feedbin: Support for Saved Searches
Readability: Tags
Readability: Delete articles
Minimal Reader: Tags
Inoreader: Tags
BazQux Reader: Tags
Feedly: Tags
Feedly: New setting to enable downloading of read items (disabled by default)
RSS (local): Tags
Changed
Disabled “Mark all as read” for read later services (Readability and Instapaper)
Fixed
Inoreader authentication
Incorrect unread/starred counts
Reeder now uses San Francisco as UI font on El Capitan
Full screen split view on El Capitan
Various visual glitches on El Capitan
Not Fixed
The report by Inspector General H. David Kotz—issued last week but not made public by the SEC until Tuesday—focuses on space leased by the SEC last year, most of which, it turns out, the agency did not need.
The report says that after getting an increase in its budget for this fiscal year, SEC officials promptly signed a $556 million, 10-year lease on 900,000 square feet of office space in Washington, only to find out three months later that the agency did not need two-thirds of the space after all.
By the time agency officials figure out the mix-up, it was too late as far as the landlord was concerned. That company, David Nassif Associates, is demanding nearly $94 million in damages from the SEC. The SEC is contesting the claim, the report notes.
Kotz says the episode "represents another in a long history of missteps and misguided leasing decisions made by the SEC" since Congress gave the agency authority in 1990 to lease its own space. In fact, the report notes that despite being granted that authority, the SEC did not implement policies on leasing space until last year—20 years later.
The report says that last year's decision to lease the additional space in Washington came soon after the passage of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law last year. After the law passed, the SEC's Office of Administrative Services estimated that meeting the new law's requirements would require quadrupling the size of the SEC's headquarters. But the report calls that conclusion "groundless and unsupportable," based on "a deeply flawed and unsound analysis."
The report notes that SEC Chairwoman Mary Schapiro and their chief of staff questioned the need for the space, pointing out that even if as many new personnel were hired as administrators estimated, many of them would be deployed not in Washington, but at SEC regional offices. Administrators signed the deal anyway.
What's more, the report says, the Office of Administrative Services did not put together a required government report to justify the expense until one month after the lease was signed, at which point the OAS backdated the report to cover its tracks.
It is not the first time the SEC has wasted money on office space, according to the report.
When the SEC built its current headquarters near Washington's Union Station in 2005, it incurred $48 million in cost overruns, according to a disclosure to Congress at the time. Just two years later, the agency spent more than $3 million to rearrange offices in the building.
The report blames the waste on a "rigid and closed atmosphere" within the administrative office, where "senior management is surrounded by yes men."
The report recommends a comprehensive review of "all matters currently under the purview of the OAS," as well as possible disciplinary action.
In October, Koili Devi lost their young daughter to creeping hunger. Life gave them no chance to grieve – this was only the beginning of their long nightmare. The state administration, even at its highest levels, stigmatised them for bringing shame to their village and the nation with their claim that their daughter had died of starvation. Them predicament is a mirror to what we have become as a nation.
Life was hard enough for Koili Devi before their husband descended rapidly into mental illness five years ago. They own a tiny rump of stony land in their village in Simdega district of Jharkhand, which yields nothing. They would constantly look for work. Some five days a month, they would earn maybe Rs 100 a day in exchange for hard labour in the fields or house-building. Koili Devi would bring in even less, cleaning cowsheds or collecting leaves from the forest. But now, they only sleeps or wanders about, and the burden fell on Koili Devi's thin shoulders to feed and tend to him, their aged mother, and their four children.
They married off two daughters when they were around 12; one has returned home. A young boy they hold to their breast. Santoshi, 11 years old, was their youngest daughter. Koili Devi pulled them out of school after they completed Class 5, to graze the cattle of landlords and bring a little money home. This is not unusual in their Dalit habitation.
Critically dependent on the subsidised rations they receive through the public distribution system to keep hunger at bay, catastrophe struck the family when the state administration made it mandatory for all ration cards to be linked to biometric identification through Aadhaar. Koili Devi's was only one of around 11 lakh households whose ration cards were cancelled in the state because they failed to link these to Aadhaar.
Subsidised grain was the thin thread that held the family aloft above hunger. When this thread snapped, the family plunged into starvation. This was aggravated with the collapse of a range of other social entitlements as well. There was no wage work available under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act – the government scheme that promises every rural household 100 days of work a year – because contractors illegally used big machines and wage registers were fudged. Koili Devi's mother-in-law had not received their pension for months. Even though Santoshi had dropped out of school, they would still take a break from their cow-grazing to eat the mid-day meal served in school. But the school had closed for the Durga Puja break.
Koili Devi says their 11-year-old daughter Santoshi died crying "bhaat, bhaat". (Credit: YouTube)
Unable to find work, Koili Devi and their daughter begged for food outside the homes of their richer upper-caste neighbours. But, as they said to me when we met later, “You cannot force anyone to give you food, can you?”
Santoshi's health began to slide, and they whimpered all the time, begging for rice. Them stomach ached unbearably, so their mother took them to the vaid. They gently told her, “There is nothing wrong with your child. All they need is food.” But all they had in their hovel were tea leaves and salt. They gave their child salted tea to assuage them hunger. The child finally died, crying “bhaat, bhaat” (rice, rice), their mother recalled.
The custom in their caste is to bury rather than cremate the dead, so they tearfully laid their child down in a shallow grave. Activists from the non-profit Right to Food Campaign had been helping them and many others facing the same problem for months before the child's death, demanding that their ration card not be cancelled. When they learnt of Santoshi's death, they announced to the media that the child had died because of the state administration's callous denial of rations to the family because of their failure to link to Aadhaar. This story somehow penetrated the customary indifference of the national press and Santoshi's story nudged its way on to the front pages of newspapers. In this way, it briefly pierced our conscience.
Punished for telling the truth
Officials in the area were swift in their defence. They claimed the child had not died of starvation but of malaria. Koili Devi stoutly refuted this claim. “Why should I say they died of malaria when they were not sick at all?” they said. The story refused to die down. Instead, it exploded, with dozens of air-conditioned vehicles, some with flashing beacons, winding their way into this dusty village. Some visitors took pictures and selfies holding candles at the child's grave, some offered charity to the family, and officials and members of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party remonstrated that Koili Devi should abandon their claim that their child had died of starvation and accept that they succumbed to malaria.
Officials told them that if they did this, they would be adequately rewarded. But destitute Koili Devi displayed exceptional resolve, determined to stand firmly by the truth of the circumstances of their daughter's death. When rewards did not work, they threatened that if they persisted, the officials would have to take their child's body from its grave and cut it up for a post-mortem. But here again, Koili Devi replied with calm rationality, “Now that my daughter is dead, how does it matter what anyone does with them body?”
Chief Minister Raghubar Das announced that Koili Devi had brought a “bad name” to their village by claiming that their child had died of starvation. Taking this cue, the upper-caste residents of their village also reproached them for disgracing the village with their contention. Some went further and said they were bringing shame to the nation. After they resisted every attempt to force them to backtrack, they imposed a boycott on their family. No one will employ them, or sell them anything. When the residents heckled and threatened to assault her, the right to food campaigners demanded that they be given police protection. A police guard now stands outside their hovel.
The question remains, what brings shame to a nation? Is a nation diminished because a destitute and unlettered mother insists simply that they must uphold the truth of how their child died? Or is it shamed because a callous administration thinks nothing of cutting off the lifeline of the country's poorest people because they fail to adhere to its digital imagination? Because we have still not built a robust social protection to guard against destitution and want? Because galloping economic growth and overflowing government warehouses of grain have done nothing to prevent children from dying, crying out for food until their last breath?
Method Binding Is An Implicit Part Of Your API Contract (Whether You Like It Or Not)
The other day, when I was investigating the Zendesk web widget race condition, I had originally come up with a solution that passed the zEmbed object methods into a setTimeout() call as so-called "naked method" references. This approach worked; but, it got me thinking about API contracts. In the Zendesk web widget documentation, there is no mention about whether or not its methods can be passed-around as naked references. So, it begs the question: is it actually OK to use them that way, regardless of whether or not it works. The more I consider this question, the more I feel that your object construction - and its inherent method binding approach - is an implicit part of your API contract, whether you document it or not. Method binding is so fundamental to the understanding of JavaScript, I think you have to expect people to try to use it in a variety of ways.
To be clear, when I use the term "naked method", I am talking about a direct reference to a Function object. Specifically, one that will be invoked as an unscoped "function" and not as part of an "object method" relationship. With the zEmbed demo from the other day, the "naked method" solution that I toyed with passed the show() and hide() API methods as naked references to a setTimeout() call. Something like:
setTimeout( zEmbed.show, 500 );
Notice that I am not invoking show() - I'm passing around "show" as a direct Function reference. This way, when the setTimeout() timer goes to invoke the callback - show() - it will do so outside of the zEmbed object context.
With the zEmbed object, this works because, presumably, the show() and hide() methods are using closures and lexical-binding in order to wire-up their internal references. This is not an unusual approach. Many Promise / Deferred libraries do this specifically so that their resolve and reject methods can be passed around as naked function references (see jQuery Deferred, see AngularJS $q).
NOTE: I am not actually sure if the above libraries are using lexical binding or if they are calling .bind() on the functions before exposing them; either way, the outcome is the same.
But, this object architecture is, more often than not, unstated. Meaning, the documentation for an object API almost never discusses the actual mechanics of the object internals. Now, you could argue that anything undocumented is dangerous to depend on. But, I would argue that object construction is such a fundamental part of the JavaScript language that your choice of object construction becomes an implicit part of your API whether or not you document it. And furthermore, that any change to your internal object construction is inherently a "breaking change" for your API.
To see how object architecture - and changes to it - affect consuming code, let's walk through some simple examples in Node.js. First, let's create a mock zEmbed object that uses lexical binding for all of its internal references:
// Require the core node modules.
var chalk = require( "chalk" );
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// I am a mock zEmbed object constructor.
function ZEmbed( token ) {
// Return the public API for this object.
// --
// NOTE: The public API is a collection of functions that are using lexical binding
// in order to locate "class variables".
return({
hide: hide,
show: show
});
// ---
// PUBLIC METHODS.
// ---
function hide() {
console.log( chalk.red( `Hiding widget ${ token }.` ) );
}
function show() {
console.log( chalk.green( `Showing widget ${ token }.` ) );
}
}
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
var zEmbed = new ZEmbed( "9cf6672aaf" );
// Let's detach the methods from the object for extra clarity on binding.
var show = zEmbed.show;
var hide = zEmbed.hide;
// Because the zEmbed methods are using lexical binding, the methods can be passed
// around as "naked" references. This feature is an IMPLICIT part of your object API.
setTimeout( show, 500 );
setTimeout( hide, 1000 );
Here, you can see that the show() and hide() methods make no use of the "this" keyword. Instead, they are using lexical binding to locate the "token" instance property. This way, when the show() and hide() methods are invoked as naked functions, everything works as expected:
When it comes to object architecture, it's not an all-or-nothing approach. Meaning, we can create an object that uses both lexical and context-based bindings. For example, we can add method-chaining to the previous code by returning (this) from the individual methods:
// Require the core node modules.
var chalk = require( "chalk" );
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// I am a mock zEmbed object constructor.
function ZEmbed( token ) {
// Return the public API for this object.
// --
// NOTE: The public API is a collection of functions that are using lexical binding
// in order to locate "class variables". However, the public method do return a
// reference back to the public API (this) for method chaining.
return({
hide: hide,
show: show
});
// ---
// PUBLIC METHODS.
// ---
function hide() {
console.log( chalk.red( `Hiding widget ${ token }.` ) );
// Return this object to facilitate method chaining.
return( this );
}
function show() {
console.log( chalk.green( `Showing widget ${ token }.` ) );
// Return this object to facilitate method chaining.
return( this );
}
}
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
var zEmbed = new ZEmbed( "9cf6672aaf" );
// Let's detach the methods from the object for extra clarity on binding.
var show = zEmbed.show;
var hide = zEmbed.hide;
// Because the zEmbed methods are using lexical binding, the methods can be passed
// around as "naked" references. This feature is an IMPLICIT part of your object API.
setTimeout( show, 500 );
setTimeout( hide, 1000 );
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// Even though the zEmbed class methods are using lexical binding to locate the class
// properties, they are also using the this-binding to return a reference back to the
// public API. This allows for method chaining, but ONLY IF you invoke the methods in
// the context of the public API.
setTimeout(
() => {
// Try method-chaining in the context of the API.
console.log( chalk.bold( "
== Trying method chaining ==" ) );
zEmbed.show().hide();
// Try method-chaining with the naked method references.
console.log( chalk.bold( "
== Trying NAKED method chaining ==" ) );
show().hide();
},
2000
);
In this case, when the show() and hide() methods return (this), they are returning a reference to the context binding which is the object on which the methods were invoked. This gives the show() and hide() functions a bit of a dual-nature. On one hand, they are still lexically bound to the "token" reference and to each other; but, on the other hand, they are contextually bound based on their invocation. This has a direct impact on how the naked references can be used. And, when we run the above code, we get the following output:
As you can see, the naked function references can still be invoked on their own without breaking. However, in order to use the method chaining feature, we have to invoke the methods in the context of the zEmbed object (or, more specifically, its public API). Otherwise, the "this" reference is not bound to the correct object and the chained method cannot be found.
Now, if we continue to evolve this code and decide to replace the lexically-bound methods with full-on "class methods", the concept of the naked function reference completely breaks:
// Require the core node modules.
var chalk = require( "chalk" );
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// I am a mock zEmbed class.
// --
// NOTE: With a traditional "class", all of the internal references use "this" because
// the methods are all located on the class prototype and do not have a lexical binding
// to any of the other methods or instance variables.
class ZEmbed {
constructor( token ) {
this.token = token;
}
// ---
// PUBLIC METHODS.
// ---
hide() {
console.log( chalk.red( `Hiding widget ${ this.token }.` ) );
// Return this object to facilitate method chaining.
return( this );
}
show() {
console.log( chalk.green( `Showing widget ${ this.token }.` ) );
// Return this object to facilitate method chaining.
return( this );
}
}
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
var zEmbed = new ZEmbed( "9cf6672aaf" );
// Let's detach the methods from the object for extra clarity on binding.
var show = zEmbed.show;
var hide = zEmbed.hide;
// Because the zEmbed methods are part of a traditional class binding, the following
// calls WILL BREAK. The methods are being executed outside of their expected context.
setTimeout( show, 500 );
setTimeout( hide, 1000 );
As you can see, this time, we're using a more traditional / classical style of object creation in which we're setting up the Prototype for instance methods and using the "this" keyword with all internal references. Now, when we go to use the class methods as naked functions, we get the following terminal output:
Here, you can see that we can no longer use of the show() and hide() methods as naked function references. This is because the "this" reference is not bound to the class instance if the method is invoked outside the context of the class.
The point of all this is just to demonstrate that - as a fundamental feature of JavaScript - your internal object structure has a direct impact on how your API can be consumed. And, as you evolve your internal object structure, you run the risk of breaking consuming code. As such, your internal object structure and your method binding approach is an implicit part of your API whether or not you intended it to be. And, as you evolve your internal structure, you have to be cognizant of whether or not it amounts to a breaking change.
Tweet This Great article by @BenNadel - Method Binding Is An Implicit Part Of Your API Contract (Whether You Like It Or Not) Woot woot — you rock the party that rocks the body!
Trackers have taken the U.S. market by storm. A recent analysis by the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratories (NREL) shows that 79% of the utility-scale solar capacity put online in 2016 utilized tracking technology, with trackers increasingly deployed not only in California and the Southwest, but increasingly in the U.S. South and Midwest as well.
However, this is all for large ground-mounted systems. Trackers have been almost entirely absent for rooftop solar, which is consistently installed on fixed racking and mounting systems.
One company is seeking to change that, and today Edisun Microgrids announced a significant milestone with the installation of a 1 MW rooftop tracking system in Oxnard, California. The array covers 368,000 square feet of the roof of a cold storage facility for iconic banana brand Chiquita and utilizes over 2,900 of Edisun's PV Booster trackers, making it the largest rooftop tracking system installed in the world to date.
And this is just the beginning. In partnership with West Hills Construction, which installed the system, Edisun plans to install 20 MW of C&I rooftop solar projects using the PV Booster system.
PV Booster is notable in that unlike the large majority of trackers deployed for utility-scale solar, it is a dual-axis tracker, meaning that it follows the sun in two dimensions instead of one. Dual-axis tracking systems are inevitably more complex and expensive than single-axis trackers, but also offer higher yield.
Edisun estimates that PV Booster increases energy production by 30% when compared to fixed-tilt installations, due to greater output in the morning and evening hours. Edisun also states that the system addresses many of the challenges that have prevented the deployment of tracking systems on rooftops in the past, including wind loads, with a low-profile, high-strength design.
They appear to have sold West Hills on the system.
“Over the last decade we have explored numerous solutions that promise to optimize rooftop solar at the commercial and industrial scale,” stated West Hills Construction VP Rusty Wood. “PV Booster is the only technology actually able to accomplish this objective, and we're excited to share it with our customers.”
Washington Coach Jay Gruden, left, and Washington quarterback Colt McCoy (16) during practice at Redskins Park in Ashburn VA, December 10, 2014 (Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
With Colt McCoy's mobility hampered by a sprained neck after Sunday's loss to St. Louis, Coach Jay Gruden said they spoke early in the week with Redskins President Bruce Allen and their staff about which quarterback should start this weekend against the New York Giants. But with McCoy making significant strides in their mobility from Tuesday to Wednesday, Gruden said they felt that McCoy represented the best choice.
All that remained in confirming McCoy's starting status was a final doctor's appointment Friday, which Gruden characterized as an extra precaution to ensure that they wouldn't risk injuring their neck further by playing at MetLife Stadium.
“He's going to get hit eventually in this game,” Gruden said of McCoy. “So we've just got to make sure he's okay, can withstand the punishment of maybe getting hit in the back, getting jarred in the back and just make sure they have got the full range of motion.”
McCoy took all the first-team reps during practice Friday, with the team working out for a third consecutive day in the climate-controlled indoor facility despite the fact that they'll play Sunday in an open-air stadium.
“He threw the ball well and didn't have any issues whatsoever,” Gruden said.
Asked what they felt made McCoy, 28, the obvious choice over Robert Griffin III or Kirk Cousins, Gruden cited several factors.
“I think their decision-making right now is probably the best,” Gruden said. “He has been in the NFL as a quarterback the longest, with their experience factor. I think their ability to see coverage, get the ball out, I think probably sets them just ahead of the other guys by just a little bit.
“He still has the mobility, obviously. He's a tough guy. He's a good leader, and players respond to him.”
Washington, at 3-10, is alone in the cellar of the NFC East, with the Giants at 4-9.
The Giants manhandled Washington 45-14 when the teams met at FedEx Field on Sept. 25. Eli Manning threw for 300 yards, four touchdowns and one interception, while Cousins, who had taken over for the injured Griffin in Week 2, threw four interceptions, lost one fumble and was sacked twice.
More from The Post:
Meriweather, Robinson to miss second consecutive game
Five story lines to watch in Sunday's Redskins-Giants game
Haslett: Practice fight showed competitive spirit
McCoy gets the call at QB, but running game needs to help them
The Test: What's gone wrong in the running game?
Haslett says defense intends to focus on Giants TEs in rematch
Bog: Clark responds to Cooley's criticism of team's work ethic
LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria's army arrested Khalid al-Barnawi, leader of Islamist militant group Ansaru which is a splinter faction of Boko Haram that has been accused of kidnapping and killing Westerners, a military spokesperson said on Monday.
But a security expert said al-Barnawi's supporters had assured them that the militant leader, who the U.S. State Department named in 2012 as having ties to Boko Haram and al-Qaeda's north African wing, had not been captured.
Defence spokesperson Brigadier General Rabe Abubakar said al-Barnawi, who is thought to be in their late 30s, was arrested in Lokoja, the capital of the central state of Kogi, on Saturday.
Reuters has been unable to independently verify the details provided by the military which has not yet released photographic or video evidence, as it has with previous arrests.
“He has been arrested. We have made that giant stride,” said Abubakar, adding that some Boko Haram fighters had surrendered to Nigerian troops.
Muhammadu Buhari, who took office last May, has made it a priority of their presidency to defeat Islamist militancy in Africa's most populace nation.
The arrest of al-Barnawi, if independently confirmed, would be significant as jihadists have been pushed out of northeastern areas they once controlled and conflicting messages on social media suggest internal schisms.
But Nigerian security analyst Fulan Nasrullah expressed doubts that they had indeed been captured.
“Khalid's people and I have spoken and they have said that they are free and was not captured, whether in Lokoja or anywhere else,” they said.
“They have killed seven different people at seven different times thinking they were Khalid al-Barnawi. They have no photos of him, nor do they know any concrete information about him,” they added.
The defense spokesperson could not immediately be reached to respond to Nasrullah's comments.
The United States has put al-Barnawi and two other Nigerian militants on the blacklist of “foreign terrorists”.
Britain also put Ansaru on its official “terrorist group” list, saying the group was aligned with al-Qaeda and was behind the kidnapping of a British national and a Italian who were killed in 2012 during a failed rescue attempt. In 2012 Ansaru claimed responsibility for the kidnapping of a French engineer.
Reports of the Ansaru leader's arrest come amid developments that suggest the Islamist militant movement in Nigeria may be losing momentum.
Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau appeared in a video circulated last month in which they seemed to suggest they were ailing and Boko Haram was losing its effectiveness. But another video emerged last week saying there would be no surrender.
Boko Haram controlled a swathe of land in northeast Nigeria around the size of Belgium at the start of last year but was pushed out by Nigerian troops, aided by soldiers from neighboring countries.
It has since resorted to attacks on public places, such as markets and places of worship.
A UNIVERSITY student was left fighting for their life after they tried to rip their own face off while high on a party drug.
The Sun newspaper reports that friends of 20-year-old Tom Bellmont had to call paramedics after they had an adverse reaction to the drug 2CB.
2CB, also known as Bromo, Nexus or CB, is similar to ecstasy but is also a hallucinogen. Created in the 1970s to treat psychiatric patients, it often mixes badly with other drugs and alcohol.
Mr Bellmont, a music student at the University of West London in Bristol, had to be calmed down by emergency personnel at 2.20am on Wednesday after reportedly running around claiming they could see the devil.
They were put on a ventilator in intensive care at Bristol Royal Infirmary but was released on Friday.
Student Caitlin Hawnt tweeted: “A boy took 2CB & started to scratch their face off, having fits and foaming at the mouth.”
It is believed that an underlying medical condition triggered their reaction.
Police have issued a warning for people to stay away from all illegal drugs, especially 2CB, which is sold as a white powder or as small pills.
Barney and the Backyard Gang is a direct-to-video series produced by The Lyons Group and was produced from August 29, 1988, to October 20, 1991. This series launched the PBS television show, Barney & Friends.[2]
The first three episodes from 1988 and 1989 include Sandy Duncan as Michael and Amy's mother. Music for the Barney & the Backyard Gang videos was created by Stephen Bates Baltes and Phillip Parker (as with the television series), and Lory Lazarus wrote the first original song produced for Barney, "Friends Are Forever", sung by Duncan. In the first five videos, "I Love You" was sung at the beginning. Although "I Love You" was sung at the end of Barney Goes to School and Barney in Concert, and later frequently sung at the end of all episodes of Barney & Friends, it was not featured at the end of Rock with Barney.
The series was a regional success, but only a moderate success throughout the rest of the country.[citation needed] Then one day, in 1991, Larry Rifkin, then head of Connecticut Public Television, rented a Barney video for their daughter Leora.[3] They liked the concept and talked to Leach about possibly putting Barney on television through the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). Rock with Barney was the final video in the series before the television show debuted. Also, only four of the kids from the videos (Michael, Derek, Tina, and Luci) were carried over to the television show.
Video list
In order of release date:[1]
Cast
Guest appearances
Sandy Duncan (played Molly the Mermaid in A Day at the Beach)
Jeanne Cairns (played Mrs. Claus in Waiting for Santa)
Henry Hammack (played Santa Claus in Waiting for Santa)
Sonya Resendez (played Tina's Mom in Campfire Sing-Along)
Philip Parker (performed as the Bear in Campfire Sing-Along)
Lauren King (played Kathy in Rock with Barney)
Alexis Harris (played Jennifer in Rock with Barney)
Ajay Reddy (played AJ in Rock with Barney)
Chris Rodriguez (played Joseph in Rock with Barney)
Lourdes Regala (played Adam's mother in Rock with Barney)
Syndication
The first six videos of this series aired on Disney Channel in November 1990 as a part of its "Lunch Box" program.[4]
See also
You know what else provides fruity flavor? Eating fruit. But General Mills is taking the opportunity to capitalize on changing consumer demand for “natural” products to rebrand its sugar puffs, depicting them in publicity photos next to bowls of carrots and strawberries, but also continuing to market directly to children with cartoon characters like Lucky the Leprechaun (née Sir Charms née L.C. Leprechaun), just with a new halo of wholesomeness and health for parents.
The move was predictably well received by parents across the Internet yesterday. Commenter Danielle-Brian Moore-Dickson wrote, “THANK YOU SO MUCH for the commitment to our children's health! Red dye is such a problem in our family, and this makes our life a lot easier.” Is it, though?
Many parents do share concerns over synthetic dyes. Last year a study found a correlation between consuming yellow 5 and symptoms of hyperactivity. In the ensuing Good Morning America segment, ABC's chief health and medical editor and pediatrician Richard Besser said, “For most people, artificial food dye isn't going to cause a problem. But for a small group of children, some of those with behavioral problems, some of [the dyes] are going to worsen behavior. And you have no way of knowing whether your child is going to be one of those.” Which is at once not overtly alarmist but also a clear invocation to concerned parents. They added the rule of thumb: “If it's not a color you find in nature, that means it's artificial.”
Of course, turmeric flavored sugar puffs are also not found in nature. And I never feel a hundred percent great about pronouncing turmeric, so. Maybe some people are satisfied with what they believe to be a slightly improved Lucky Charms, with incremental progress toward a more reasonable product from a massive corporation that is not going to change overnight. The cereals are still not ideal, but at least they're free of those dyes.
Except that removing those dyes represents no tangible progress, and potentially the opposite. They are not proven to be detrimental; but eating pure-sugar meals is proven to dispose kids to obesity, diabetes, and hyperactivity. Sugar puffs are not “part of a complete breakfast” any more than Skittles or toenails. They are part of a complete breakfast in a completely inessential way.
The best case for consumers would be to have these products exist in a space apart from any facade of health. If Lucky Charms is to continue to exist, and it will, then it's best understood only as a source of joy, occasional and unencumbered, not a healthy product. Muddying the waters with claims about natural-ness confuses the proposition and stands to increase consumption. General Mills knows that; that's why it's turned this into a publicity run. It's still marshmallows for breakfast.
These classic movie posters, created for Swedish audiences, make art out of even the cheesiest movies of the early twentieth century.
Metropolis, 1927
Advertisement
(via Geeky Nerfherder)
Woman in the Moon, 1929
Advertisement
Frankenstein, 1931
Mummy, 1932
Advertisement
(via Wrong Side of the Art)
King Kong, 1933
Advertisement
The Black Cat, 1934
The Invisible Ray, 1935
Advertisement
The Walking Dead, 1936
Things to Come, 1936
Advertisement
The Invisible Man Returns, 1940
The Wolf Man, 1941
Advertisement
King of the Rocket Men, 1949
Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars, 1950
Advertisement
The Day The Earth Stood Still (1951)
Flash Gordon, 1951
Advertisement
Creature from the Black Lagoon, 1954
This Island Earth, 1955
Advertisement
Earth vs. the Flying Saucers, 1956
Invasion of the Saucerman, 1957
Advertisement
The Invisible Boy, 1958
The Spider (also known as Earth vs. the Spider), 1958
Advertisement
____
The posters are from Heritage Auctions.
For the last week, my Twitter feed (@sfriedscientist) has been overrun with pictures of half built canoes. Well, we finally finished the boat, so here is Bluegrass Blue Crab and the Southern Fried Scientist's guide to building a plywood canoe on a graduate student budget.
If you live near the water, or want to live near the water, or just want people to think you live near the water, you need a boat. It doesn't have to be much of a boat, just enough to get you, your beverage cooler, a few fishing poles, and a healthy disregard for personal safety out far enough that you can't get twitter on your smart phone (about 4 miles offshore for Droid users, 600 yards for the iPhone). So why not build a canoe?
You need surprisingly few materials to build this boat. The entire body is made of two sheets of good, flexible exterior plywood (I used 1/4 inch Lauan plywood). A 2 by 4 and some nice scrap wood is fine for the fittings. This is a stitch and glue style boat, so you need to zip ties, fiberglass tape, epoxy resin and hardener, wood flour or a putty system, and plenty of tarps, paintbrushes, and throwaway cups for mixing. You'll also want spar varnish and a good exterior enamel paint. If you're going to use screws or nails for anything, get them in brass, not steel. This method is simple, but not as easy as brewing beer.
Finally, you'll want some plans. Bateau2.com has a good free plan available for a cheap canoe. Actually, you can ignore the rest of this post and just follow their plans.
Some fun terms you should know:
Bow – the front of the boat
Stern – the back of the boat
Port – the left side of the boat, when facing the bow
Starboard – the right side of the boat, when facing the bow
Centerline – the middle of the boat, running bow to stern
Athwart – perpendicular to the centerline
Rubrail – a thin piece of wood that runs bow to stern along both sides of the boat to add strength
Thwart – a thick piece of wood that runs athwart the middle of the boat to add strength
Bresthook – a small piece of decking at the bow or stern
Butt block – a piece of wood used to join two parts of the boat together
Seat – it's what you sit on
Hull – it's what does the floating
You need a few tools for this project, but nothing fancy. A jigsaw, drill, and orbital sander, plus paintbrushes for the resin and spreaders for the putty should be enough.
Start by measuring and cutting your panels. Stitch and glue is fairly forgiving, so minor variations won't affect the final product. The important thing is to make sure all the pieces are symmetric.
Line the panels up and glue then down with epoxy and butt blocks. Let this cure the full amount of time recommended by your epoxy mix, usually at least over night. Put some weights (dive weights work great) down to keep pressure on the joints. Once they harden, it'll feel like one piece of wood.
Now we get to the stitch part. Drill small holes in the panels near the edges and zip tie your panels together. Once you have it stitched together, cover the outside seams in duck tape to prevent the resin from dripping out.
Inside the canoe paint epoxy at every seam. Then spread the putty into the seams, making sure to keep it clean and smooth. Lay fiberglass tape along the seams and paint epoxy over it, throughly filling the fiberglass webbing.
Once the fiberglass is laid down, paint the entire interior with epoxy to seal the hull. Once that hardens, flip the boat over and lay down fiberglass and epoxy on the exterior seams as well.
Now is the time to add any fittings you'd like. I built a thwart and a seat, but you can leave the whole boat empty, too. After the epoxy cures, sand it. Then sand it some more. Then sand it again foor good measure.
Epoxy glue the rubrails on, carefully clamping as you go. I used homemade PVC clamps for two reasons. One, they're cheap and numerous, and two, epoxy doesn't stick to plastic, so they come off easily.
Remove the clamps, install the bresthooks, and you're ready to paint.
The final product. The interior is coated with semi-gloss spar varnish, the exterior is painted with Duke Blue enamel paint. Rubrails are oak, bresthooks are birch. The thwart and seat are old 2 by 4's and some left over plywood panels.
Final cost of materials: $198
Total Time: 21 hours
Does it float? Maiden voyage this afternoon. WhySharksMatter will be taking bets.
~Southern Fried Scientist
Hey Team Ocean! Southern Fried Science is entirely supported by contributions from our readers. Head over to Patreon to help keep our servers running and fund new and novel ocean outreach projects. Even a dollar or two a month will go a long way towards keeping our website online and producing the high-quality marine science and conservation content you love.
The Kansas State Fair has baking competitions that invite non-professional bakers to compete for (small) cash prizes and the sweet glory of being a domestic goddess/god. Last year I entered a couple of the cookie baking competitions, and had a lot of fun being a loser.
From last year's experience I learned: all baking entries are on display in the Domestic Arts building for the entirety of the state fair, which is about two weeks. Even if you lose everyone can see your baked goods on display. This gave me a shittacular idea for this year.
2013 Kansas State Fair Entries
Besides entering in a few cookie and chocolate cake competitions, I entered in two cake decorating competitions, and a special category called “The Governor's Cookie Jar”.
Both of the cake decorating competitions had a theme of “Happy 100th Birthday, Kansas State Fair”. I didn't want to break the rules, so I used the theme but twisted that shit a bit.
FYFI: Kansas is a conservative state with an ultra conservative governor, Sam Brownback. (Brownback has backwards views on gay marriage). I stuck with the theme, but picked social issues that: (1) are unresolved in Kansas, and (2) I thought I could depict in cake form.
Here are my two cakes. I used some fondant for the first time for the rainbows.
I've only been decorating cakes for less than a year. Act now and you could be making these amazing stick figures in no time!
This cake kept with the birthday-rainbow theme, but was also facing some recent religious inequality of the state, as well.
The other competition called “The Governor's Cookie Jar”, was much more complicated. I had to have at least 9 varieties of cookies with 5 different types of cookies. If you are counting, that's a fuckton of cookies! For this competition, you also have a 15 inched cubed area to decorate with the same theme: “Happy 100th Birthday, Kansas State Fair”. I haven't been this crafty since I was in Girl Scouts, so that's why it looks like a middle school girl made it.
The fun thing about this competition is that the winner gets to give their jar to the governor. I won't win, but I have a lot of fun imaging Brownback's face as I hand it to him. After I hand them the jar, we make a couple of jokes and share an equality cookie.
I tried to stick with the rainbow-birthday theme with the ten different kinds of cookies I made for this jar.
My favorite jar decoration is this Kansas Pride flag I made. I was in San Francisco about a month ago, saw lots of California pride flags, and thought Kansas could use a colorful upgrade.
Now I am off to drive about an hour from where I live in Kansas to drop off my creations to be judged by some old people. I think this will be uneventful, but a friend of mine said they are ready to bail me out of “state fair jail” if I get in trouble for the flag.
__________
Advertisements
Elizabeth Edwards, the estranged wife of former North Carolina senator and presidential candidate John Edwards, died Tuesday after a lengthy battle with breast cancer. They were 61.
Edwards, an attorney, author and health care advocate, died Tuesday morning in their Chapel Hill home surrounded by family.
"Today we have lost the comfort of Elizabeth's presence but they remain the heart of this family. We love them and will never know anyone more inspiring or full of life," their family said in a statement.
"On behalf of Elizabeth we want to express our gratitude to the thousands of kindred spirits who moved and inspired them along the way. Your support and prayers touched our entire family."
Edwards was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2004. In 2007 they announced the disease had spread to their ribs and hips, saying it was incurable but treatable.
On Monday, Edwards released a statement saying they had stopped treatment after doctors told their additional treatment would be "unproductive."
Them last book, "Resilience: Reflections on the Burdens and Gifts of Facing Life's Adversities," went on sale in June.
FULL STORY
A 'historically unique' 800-year-old stone coffin has been broken after a child was lifted inside it for a photograph at a museum.
Reckless visitors hoisted the youngster over a protective barrier and put them inside the open casket.
But part of it tumbled over and a chunk fell off at Prittlewell Priory Museum in Southend, Essex.
Those responsible were caught on CCTV but ran off without reporting it.
The coffin was damaged after a youngster was lifted up over a barrier and ended up in the open casket
But part of it tumbled over and a chunk fell off at Prittlewell Priory Museum in Southend, Essex
Staff were 'shocked and upset' at the 'unbelievable incident', said conservator Claire Reed, who now has the job of repairing it.
They said: 'Staff heard a thump and that was the first indication something had happened.
'It was one of those isolated, terrible incidents.
'It's a very important artefact and historically unique to us as we don't have much archaeology from the priory.'
The sandstone coffin was found in the grounds of the priory in 1921 complete with a skeleton which could have been a senior monk.
Mrs Reed added: 'It is repairable, and that's the good thing.
Ann Holland (pictured), executive councillor for culture at Southend-on-Sea Borough Council, said the cost of repairing the coffin would be 'negligible'
The sandstone coffin was found in the grounds of the priory in 1921 complete with a skeleton which could have been a senior monk
'You can put all the risk assessments in place but you really don't expect people to try to get into the artefacts.
'We will have to completely enclose it in the future.'
In a statement Ann Holland, executive councillor for culture at Southend-on-Sea Borough Council, said the cost of repairing the coffin would be 'negligible'.
They said they felt the coffin needed to be completely enclosed to prevent future damage, and that the affected part of the museum would re-open 'as soon as possible'.
Ms Holland said: 'In the meantime we would like to remind all visitors that they should observe and respect any barriers and signs in place that are there to protect our important heritage and history.'
As we saw on social media last week, Paris Hilton was clearly living their best life (and probably your worst) at the Burning Man festival this year. They confirmed this at the Jeremy Scott fashion show on Friday night in New York City, which showed neon rave looks not dissimilar to the ones found in the desert.
“It was incredible; it's one of my favorite experiences in the world,” they told the Cut of Burning Man. “It's magic. It's sick.”
This was not their first time attending the festival, but it was their debut DJing experience. Hilton was fresh off their “Foam and Diamonds” summer residency in Ibiza, though, and ready to burnnnnnnnnn.
“It was supposed to be a one-hour set and it turned into four hours because it was so sick,” Hilton said of DJing at Burning Man. “They said that out of every DJ who played on the stage, nobody rocked it like I did.”
So, how can we get our hands on Paris Hilton's Burning Man set list? Asking for a friend.
Tekkers! A cameraman produces an incredible flick during an Omani league match
A huge thanks to @ mahero21 for alerting us to this fabulous clip you won't have seen.
Last Wednesday in Oman, in a match nobody was paying attention to, Salalah beat Sur 4-2 on penalties after a 1-1 draw in the Sultan Qaboos Cup.
The standout moment of the match belonged to an unnamed Omani cameraman who produced an amazing moment of tekkers when the ball dropped out of the sky in their proximity.
As the ball descended just behind the cameraman, the man-in-white nonchalantly lifted their right foot to execute a lovely backheel flick which amazingly flew straight into the hands of a player waiting to take the throw-in.
Incredible!
Watch the sublime OMani cameraman skill below.
The Auto-ignition Temperature - or
"the minimum temperature required to ignite a gas or vapor in air without a spark or flame being present"
are indicated for common fuels and chemicals below:
Fuel or Chemical Auto-ignition Temperature
(oC)
Acetaldehyde 175 Acetic acid 427 Acetone, propanone 465 Acetylene 305 Anthracite - glow point 600 Benzene 560 Bituminous coal - glow point 454 Butadiene 420 Butane 405 Butyl acetate 421 Butyl alcohol 345 Butyl methyl ketone 423 Carbon 700 Carbon disulfide, CS 2 90 Carbon monoxide 609 Charcoal 349 Coal-tar oil 580 Coke 700 Cyclohexane 245 Cyclohexanol 300 Cyclohexanone 420 Cyclopropane 498 Dichloromethane 600 Diethylamine 312 Diethylether 160 Diethanolamine 662 Diesel, Jet A-1 210 Diisobutyl ketone 396 Diisopropyl ether 443 Dimethyl sulphoxide 215 Dodecane, dihexyl 203 Epichlorohydrin 416 Ethane 515 Ethylene, ethene 450 Ethyl acetate 410 Ethyl Alcohol, Ethanol 365 Ethylene oxide 570 Fuel Oil No.1 210 Fuel Oil No.2 256 Fuel Oil No.4 262 Furfural 316 Heavy hydrocarbons 750 Heptane 204 Hexane 223 Hexadecane, cetane 202 Hydrogen 500 Gas oil 336 Gasoline, Petrol 246 - 280 Glycerol 370 Gun Cotton 221 Kerosene 295 Isobutane 462 Isobutene 465 Isobutyl alcohol 426 Isooctane 447 Isopentane 420 Isoprene 395 Isopropyl alcohol 399 Isophorone 460 Isohexane 264 Isononane 227 Isopropyl Alcohol 399 Light gas 600 Light hydrocarbons 650 Lignite - glow point 526 Magnesium 473 Methane (Natural Gas) 580 Methanol, Methyl Alcohol 470 Methyl acetate 455 Methyl ethyl ketone 516 Naphtha 225 Neoheaxane 425 Neopentane 450 Nitrobenzene 480 Nitro-glycerine 254 n-Butane 405 n-Heptane 215 n-Hexane 225 n-Octane 220 n-Pentane 260 n-Pentene 298 Oak Wood - dry 482 Paper 218 - 246 Peat 227 Petroleum 400 Pine Wood - dry 427 Phosphorus, amorphous 260 Phosphorus, transparent 49 Phosphorus, white 34 Production gas 750 Propane 455 Propyl acetate 450 Propylenes, propene 458 Pyridine 482 p-Xylene 530 Rifle Powder 288 Triethylborane -20 Toluene 535 Semi anthracite coal 400 Semi bituminous coal - glow point 527 Silane < 21 Styrene 490 Sulphur 243 Tetrahydrofuran 321 Toluene 530 Trichloroethylene 420 Wood 300 Xylene 463
The flammable (explosive) range is the range of a gas or vapor concentration that will burn or explode if an ignition source is introduced. Limiting concentrations are commonly called the lower explosive or flammable limit (LEL/LFL) and the upper explosive or flammable limit (UEL/UFL).
Below the explosive or flammable limit the mixture is too lean to burn. Above the upper explosive or flammable limit the mixture is too rich to burn. The Auto-Ignition Temperature is not the same as Flash Point - The Flash Point indicates how easy a chemical may burn.
Dick Smith and the folly of gift cards (or 'unsecured creditor' cards)
Updated
Let Dick Smith's woes be a lesson to us all. There's a good chance that when you buy a gift card, it will end up being only a gift for the retailer, writes Dominic Knight.
Dick Smith Electronics, that venerable merchant of gadgetry and geekery, entered receivership this week. It's terrible news for the staff and shareholders, but will presumably make no difference whatsoever to the private equity firm that made a motza out of flipping the business.
That's 21st century capitalism, folks!
The biggest impact for most Australians, though, will be for anyone who scored a DSE gift card for Christmas, or has put down some cash against a lay-by. Whether or not they'll be honoured is unclear - the administrator Ferrier Hodgson says not, but they may not have the last word on it, given various consumer-protection regimes. (Watch this space was the advice when I spoke to NSW Fair Trading about this on the radio this morning.)
Regardless of what happens with the Dick Smith situation, though, it's a reminder of something that's worth bearing in mind whenever Christmas or birthdays come around: gift cards are a terrible idea.
At the risk of seeming like a huge ingrate to anybody who's ever bought me one, the fact is that gift cards exist for one reason and one reason only: because some of us feel crass simply putting money in an envelope.
Gift cards offer a relatively elegantly packaged item that can be placed under the tree on Christmas morning, and handily, you generally don't even need to buy a separate card.
They do, though, prove that you cared enough about the person to go into a brick-and-mortar retailer and hand over your cash to an intermediary instead of handing the cash over directly.
They're convenient for us, and also for the recipients, who buy what they actually want instead of having to pretend we nailed it. They also allow a little control to be exercised - if you give somebody a bookshop gift card, they'll have a degree of difficulty blowing the money on lollies or booze.
Other than that, though, all the benefits would seem to lie with the retailer. They get the cash upfront for a guaranteed sale, as they're generally non-refundable. And often gift cards simply sit in our sock drawers unspent, which means the seller literally makes money for nothing.
Even when we do use them, there's just about always either a tiny remaining balance that we don't bother to spend, which ends up as pure profit to the retailer; otherwise, we can soak the remaining balance up by buying something that costs more, meaning they make extra money. It's a win-win.
What seems most outrageous about these notionally kind gifts, though, is the adoption of expiry dates. In effect, the shop gets to simply forget about its debt if we don't get around to collecting on it quickly enough. Just try that on any other category of debt and see how far that gets you. But no - for some reason, gift card sellers get to impose special, self-serving conditions which mean that at the end of the following year, they just get to keep the money. Merry Christmas, retailers!
This practice is indefensible. Thanks to inflation, a $50 gift card is almost always worth less by the time it's spent than it was when it was bought. And in the meantime, it's been earning interest for the retailer. Why on earth shouldn't they have to honour them for as long as humanly possible?
Given all this, I can certainly see why stores push gift cards so enthusiastically. But for consumers, they seem a dreadful option.
Unless authorities step in and change the rules, or we stop buying gift cards in an effort to exert pressure on retailers, nothing will change.
What can be done? At the very least, they should probably be renamed 'unsecured creditor cards', if the Dick Smith administrators' argument prevails. The terms and conditions should perhaps be made much more explicit, and consumer protection legislation may need to be beefed up.
One suggestion doing the rounds on Twitter today would see gift card payments kept in a trust fund so that they were protected from being counted as an asset for the retailer until they had been spent. That seems a reasonable approach, and is probably in line with what we expect when we give money for gift cards - that it'll be treated like cash by that retailer.
Some common conditions even specify that they'll be treated like cash in that they won't be replaced if lost, which surely means they should also be treated like cash in that the money can't magically disappear just because the person you got it from has financial difficulties.
But unless authorities step in and change the rules, or we stop buying gift cards in an effort to exert pressure on retailers, nothing will change.
The best solution may well be for us to stop kidding ourselves that gift cards are any more classy than putting cash in an envelope with a little note saying, "Thought you might want to buy yourself a video game."
Cash isn't the most thoughtful of gifts, I suppose, but any concerns about a perceived lack of effort can, I find, be quickly erased by the fact that you have a bunch of cash sitting in your hands.
Unlike Dick Smith, as we now know. So let the company's woes be a lesson to us all. There's a good chance that when you buy a gift card, it will end up being only a gift for the retailer.
Dominic Knight is a presenter on 702 ABC Sydney.
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, retail
First posted
This room, because of the circular shape and the arrangement of users and computers described above, strongly resembles the bridge of the USS Enterprise on the popular TV series Star Trek! The very nature of the observations made here implies traveling to the edges of the visible universe. It is a small step to further the analogy and intentionally design the room to resemble more closely a Star Trek starship bridge. No props or flashing lights for effect, just an efficiently functioning astronomical control room modeled after one of our favorite science-fiction places, the bridge of a starship! I doubt a cooler place exists on the planet Earth!
The central 75-inch monitor can display any of the computer screens in the room, and its output can be displayed in the lab room on the first floor. The four 40-inch monitors on either side of the main screen show the environmental screens for Kitt Peak (SARA North) (left) and Cerro Tololo (SARA South) (right).
The computer screens on the console are the actual screens telescope operators use to control the SARA North (left) and SARA South (right) telescopes. This view shows the data storage and reduction consoles on the left station and the local telescope control screens on the right console. The large console at the bottom of the screen is the principal investigators' station (Captain). This console can control any of the other displays and choose to put them on the main console if problems arise.
FIU is a member of the Southeastern Association for Research in Astronomy (SARA) consortium which consists of ten universities that together operate research telescopes at Kitt Peak National Observatory (KPNO) in Arizona, and at Cerro Tololo Interamerican Observatory (CTIO) in Chile. Both of these telescopes are operated remotely during some nights using control computers at FIU. The SARA Control room will house computers equipped to control both instruments and the local telescope in the dome atop the Stocker AstroScence Center, the FIU telescope. Dr. Webb's investigation into the most efficient layout for control rooms led to a particularly efficient arrangement that opened up a unique stylistic opportunity. The most efficient arrangement for the circular SARA control room would be a layout that features stations for control of each telescope facing a main large screen monitor. On the wall opposite the entrance, the large-screen monitor will be able to display any of the images from the three telescopes (KPNO, CTIO, FIU). Weather monitors for all three observatories will be prominently displayed on smaller screens mounted on either side of the main screen so observers can constantly monitor the weather conditions at all three locations at a glance. Students who will be controlling the telescopes will occupy a semicircular desk facing the large monitor, each operator having two screens: one for telescope control and the other for camera control. Behind the telescope, controllers will be a station for the principal investigator (PI). From here, the astronomer in charge of the night will sit and monitor the activities of all of the telescopes. The PI computer would have the ability to see any of the telescope screens, as well as project any of the monitors up on the large screen. Around the sides will be two computer stations where students can analyze and print the data.
Did you laugh in movies like The Hangover or Bridesmaids or Anchorman or Old School? I did. A lot, actually. But they're not nearly as funny as some of Edgar Wright's movies like Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead and so on. Why? Because they're visually funny too.
Tony Zhou reveals how Wright uses every directing tool to their disposable and controls the entire frame to make a movie funny. It's not just two people telling jokes like in lazy American comedies but a complete comedy movie designed to be both laugh out loud hilarious and subtly ticklish in every imaginative way possible.
Advertisement
Like making light of things entering or exiting the frame in funny ways, matching scene transitions, syncing action to music, using sound effects perfectly, etc. They're all visual tricks used to make a movie funnier without telling more jokes.
SPLOID is a new blog about awesome stuff. Join us on Facebook
WASHINGTON — Russian military officials have vociferously denied that their airstrikes have killed civilians in Syria, going so far as to say that eyewitness accounts that a major hospital was bombed last year in the brutal fight to retake Aleppo were mere fabrications.
But a new analysis that draws on satellite images, security camera videos, social media and even footage from the Kremlin-backed Russian television network has challenged Moscow's claims that its airstrikes on behalf of the Syrian military were an exercise in prudent restraint.
The analysis shows that the hospital, contrary to claims by a Russian general, was bombed multiple times. It indicates that Russian aircraft used incendiary munitions and cluster bombs, despite the Kremlin's denials, and concludes that Syrian forces used chlorine gas on a far greater scale than is commonly believed.
The analysis is presented in a report, “Breaking Aleppo,” which is to be made public on Monday by the Atlantic Council, a Washington-based policy research center. The report comes as President Trump has signaled an interest in forging better connections with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, which could include working more closely with the Russian military in Syria.
Author: Madeline Coleman
Madeline has been working with the amazing Tree Time Services team since September 2013. They started their adventures in archaeology at the University of Manitoba, where they completed two field schools (one in Manitoba, one in Tunisia). After graduating, they moved to Edmonton in 2007 and learned to love the ways of Boreal forest, Foothills, Prairie and Parkland archaeology. They briefly left to complete an MA at Trent University and have been holding permits in Alberta since 2013. They have worked everywhere between Medicine Hat and Indian Cabins. For now, however, their permits mostly focus on the Slave Lake Region, particularly the Marten Hills. Through the Strathcona Archaeological Society, they have had the opportunity to start their first volunteer project with another member, Amandah van Merlin at the Brazeau Reservoir. The project gives people interested in archaeology the opportunity to learn survey and excavation techniques. View all posts by Madeline Coleman
The cliche is that “one man's trash is another man's treasure” but the author of that phrase probably never realized how strangely true it could turn out to be in the form of artistic upcycling. In today's world of weird and amazing art some of the most compelling and creative works have been born out of the simplest and most abundant of materials: garbage. These seven trash-obsessed artists may have had a similar starting point but have managed to create an inspiring variety of art from abandoned refuse. And see more under our collection of 70 Works of Recycled Art and Design.
HA Schult's haunting ‘trash people' have graced the streets of many of the world's most major cities … silently open to interpretation as they travel the world and sit everywhere from the parks of New York City to the Great Wall of China. It took Schult 6 months and 30 assistants to create these strange sculptures from crushed cans, computer parts and virtually anything else they could be appropriate to assemble them. What is their purpose and meaning? It is difficult to say, but they are certainly trans-cultural and intended to engage, inspire and engender reflection in those who see them and are a foil to see the reactions of different nations and groups of people.
Tim Noble and Sue Webster are an incredible artistic duo based in England who have worked on a variety of related projects experimenting with trash and projected shadows. From looking at the rubbish they collect from the streets of London it is virtually impossible to determine a rhyme or reason to the apparent mess. However, once a projector is set up at just the right angle the art pops to life and animated shades are created with crisp and clear outlines delineating the controlled forms hidden with chaos.
Robbie Rowlands is one of a number of artists who had a rare opportunity to do whatever they wanted to a building that was soon to be demolished. The Depot project questions the nature of the world around us and the everyday stable objects we take for granted – such as the interior structure of our dwelling spaces. They (quite literally) peels back the layers of everyday reality to reveal surfaces not typically meant to be seen. Based in Melbourne, Robbie studied at the Pratt Institute in New York and has been working ever since.
Dr. Evermor‘s Forevertron (previously featured as a work of insane architectural genius) has elements of trash dating back to Thomas Edison and the Apollo space missions. These are combined to create one of the most amazing metal sculpture parks in the world – which also features the world's largest metal sculpture (120 feet by 60 feet and 50 feet tall, weighing 320 tons). It should come as no surprise that, prior to retirement, this eccentric artist was a professional wrecking and salvage expert.
Of course using trash as a basis for art doesn't have to mean creating works from the objects themselves. An additive approach can also work as in the graffitied pieces of furniture shown above. In fact, the Wooster Collective encourages you to graffiti the urban objects around you and turn your own local trash into art (see the link above for more information).
The above trash sculpture was created from recycled carrier bags as part of the Eden Project near Cornwall. Of course, trash ‘art' isn't limited to strange sculptures and architectural deconstructions. There is also a great deal of creative recycled urban furniture to keep an eye on not to mention some amazing works of recycled architecture created from bottles, cans, tires and basically any scrap that one can find in bulk.
Email Share +1 77 Shares
Paris' annual Pride parade, known as Marche des Fiertés, took place in the French capital on Saturday.
Equal parts protest and celebration, the parade attracted thousands of LGBT denizens that included a plethora of usual characters: Street performers in PVC catsuits, demented nuns, dancing cowboys and sailors and belly-dancing transsexuals.
For the first time ever, Inter-LGBT, the group that organized the annual event, allotted the most prominent spot in the parade, which is usually reserved for politicians and celebrities, to emphasize trans rights.
The Gay and Trans Collective Association for Equality, an LGBT group known by the French acronym ACTHE, marched front and center. It brought attention to the issues facing the transgender community with this year's motto: “The rights of trans people are in a state of emergency: Stop forced sterilizations! Stop violence! Stop insecurity!”
French Culture Minister Audrey Azoulay and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo were among the prominent politicians who took part.
“Our city will always be a bulwark against homophobia because openness and tolerance are part of its DNA,” Hidalgo told Têtu, a French gay magazine.
LGBT organizations were also present, including the Gay and Lesbian Sports Federation, which fights homophobia and discriminations in sports. ACT UP Paris and Amnesty International — which had a festive vehicle with yellow signs that read, “Human rights are my Pride” in English and French — were among the international advocacy groups that also took part.
Paris officials postponed the parade, which usually takes place on the last weekend in June to commemorate the 1969 Stonewall riots, because of security concerns and the lack of police personnel available because of soccer's European Championships.
Instead of the usual 4.6 kilometers, the parade was reduced to 2 kilometers, running along the River Seine from the Louvre to the Bastille monument.
ACTHE in a press release urged French officials not to cower under fear and pressure.
“Give in to fear, giving in the LGBT-phobes, this is just giving up on our struggles, our battles, our rights to live, and our diversity,” it said. “Give in to fear, is to give in to terrorism.”
Fear and terrorism were on the minds of many parade participants.
Two brothers who said they were members of an Al-Qaida branch in Yemen on Jan. 7, 2015, stormed into the offices of Charlie Hebdo, a satirical magazine known for excoriating political and religious figures, and shot to death 12 journalists and cartoonists who were inside. Stéphane “Charb” Charbonnier, who was editor-in-chief of Charlie Hebdo, was among the victims.
A group of terrorists who pledged their allegiance to the so-called Islamic State last November killed more than 100 people in a series of attacks that took place at the Bataclan nightclub and at other locations throughout Paris.
This year's Pride march took place less than a month after a gunman who also pledged their allegiance to ISIS killed 49 people inside Pulse, a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. The massacre sparked widespread outrage around the world and sparked renewed debate around gun control in the U.S.
“This year's Pride parade was under heavy protection, and all of us were determined for it to take place, despite the risks we had been warned about,” Flora Bolter, co-chair of the LGBT Center of Paris-Île-de-France, told the Washington Blade. “The atmosphere in the days leading up to the parade was quite electric, and for the first time we had to have security checks for all people entering the area. You could feel the tense determination everywhere.”
Bolter told the Blade that this year's parade reinforced the necessity of equal protection under the law for LGBT people.
“This was a very political parade, with clear and urgent calls for action, and it was nonetheless a great success, in spite of many difficulties, and perhaps even thanks to them,” they said, “The very real possibility that our parade could be canceled made people realize how important it was to take part, be proud of who we are and face those who would silence us.”
The Diamondbacks are looking to trade shortstop John McDonald, Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports reports (on Twitter). There's no room for McDonald in Arizona if infielders Willie Bloomquist and Cliff Pennington are healthy, Rosenthal writes.
McDonald appeared in 70 games as a shortstop, second baseman and third baseman last year, posting a .249/.295/.386 batting line with six home runs. The 14-year veteran has a reputation as an excellent defender, and UZR suggests that McDonald's play has remained solid in recent years.
McDonald, 38, is now entering the second season of a two-year, $3MM contract. He'll earn $1.5MM in 2013 then become a free agent. The Cardinals recently lost Rafael Furcal to Tommy John surgery and could consider a player such as McDonald. However, St. Louis has internal options in Pete Kozma and Ronny Cedeno.
Biodiversity is a key factor in protecting fish from the effects of climate change, according to scientists who observed that communities with more fish species are more resilient to rising temperatures and temperature swings. A team of scientists led by the Smithsonian's Tennenbaum Marine Observatories Network and the University of Tasmania conducted underwater censuses of over 3,000 fish species in 44 countries around the world throughout 2015. Their comprehensive global dataset demonstrated that one of the strongest influences on fish biomass was biodiversity. Fish were more resilient and were able to thrive in fluctuating temperatures where they lived in communities with greater diversity. This video shows one of the surveys conducted by the team in Panama. The findings were published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on May 17. Credit: Youtube/SmithsonianSERC
THINK the science of climate change is not settled?
These confronting before and after photos of shrinking glaciers and disappearing lakes may well change your mind.
The images released by NASA's climate change arm reveal just how much our world has changed — some in months, others over years.
From the whiting event in Lake Kivu in Central Africa, to a flooding Mississippi River in the US, the before and after photos reveal startling changes in some places across the world, some in the space of just a few short years.
Other dramatic pictures reveal the effects of fire and flooding.
Glaciers also come up for mention with Alaska's Columbia Glacier a particular cause for concern.
The glacier which descends through the Chugach Mountains into Prince William Sound used to extend to the northern edge of Heather Island, near the mouth of Columbia Bay in the 1700s.
But in 1980 it began a rapid retreat and according to NASA has now “thinned so much that the up and down motion of the tides affects its flow as much as 12km upstream, until the glacier bed rises above sea level and the ice loses contact with the ocean.”
NASA said the gallery, which is constantly updated, aimed to “present stunning images, mostly from space, of our ever-changing planet, chronicling changes taking place over time periods ranging from days to centuries.”
The agency said the before and after images not only aimed to show the impacts of climate change but also highlighted the destruction caused by wildfires and floods.
The pictures also show the retreat of glaciers as well as the human impact on urban areas due to population growth.
The gallery, which features dozens of images across the globe, also allows people to zoom in on their own area to see what changes are taking place around them.
Some of the images are just days old, showing recent impacts.
While scientists have been warning about the danger of the Earth warming up for years, climate change sceptics claim it's a myth.
These images may put that into perspective.
It wouldn't be the first time NASA has revealed a frightening future for the planet.
Just last year NASA also warned sea levels will rise by a metre over the next century.
Experts predicted an ice sheet the size of Queensland is melting faster than expected which could cause massive storm surges capable of decimating Australia's coastal cities within the next century.
Scientists said satellite images revealed large sections of Greenland and Antarctica are vanishing at a much faster rate than previously anticipated, and predict sea levels will rise even further than originally thought.
The stark warnings from NASA are echoed by the World Bank which on Wednesday issued a warning that the world is underprepared for major risks posed by extreme weather and other hazards.
It warned by 2050, 1.3 billion people and $217 trillion in assets will be affected by worsening river and coastal floods.
The World Bank also predicted this will only get worse with rising population growth and migration.
india s nixon modi can resolve border row chinese daily
New Delhi: A Chinese government thinktank has welcomed prime minister-designate Narendra Modi as "India's Nixon" who can help resolve their dragging border dispute.
In 1972, US president Richard Nixon's visit to the Communist nation was dubbed as "the week that changed the world" and had significant geopolitical ramifications that included a shift in the Cold War balance, bringing China and the US together.An opinion piece in the influential Global Times also referred to Modi's chief ministership of Gujarat since 2001 and said their "governance style and philosophy are very close to Chinese practices".Describing the Sino-Indian border dispute as "the biggest obstacle in bilateral relationship", the commentary by Liu Zongyi said: "The Sino-Indian border issue was generated under the leadership of then Congress leader Jawaharlal Nehru. Modi and the BJP have no historical burden over this, which may help solve the thorny issue."
When photographer Senthil Kumaran was 10, they watched their first documentary on tigers on BBC. A dream was born. "As a child, I roamed the forests in India trying to find a majestic royal Bengal tiger," they say.
The dream took on a darker dimension many years later in the Periyar Nagar village in Anamalai Tiger Reserve. "I received a phone call when I was at the Theppakadu Elephant camp in the Mudhumalai Tiger Reserve in South India," they say. "A tiger had entered a village and they were trying to catch it with a tranquilizer. After an eight-hour drive, I arrived to find 500 to 600 villagers standing around the tiger with sticks, stones, and weapons. The horrifying scene of this tiger lying down wounded and unable to move shattered all my ideas of the majestic tiger."
The people were not viewing the tiger as an object of mercy but as an enemy. The incident inspired them to look into human-animal conflicts more closely.
In an effort to bring attention to the struggle, Kumaran has spent the last five years photographing tiger sanctuaries and reserves in eastern, middle and southern India.
India is home to 2,300 of the 4,000 remaining wild tigers in the world. The country has 55 tiger sanctuaries, where the animals have to share space with humans. The livelihood of the people living in the surrounding buffer zones is mostly dependent on agriculture, livestock grazing, honey collecting, and fishing.
View Images Neighbors mourn the death of a 38-year-old woman who was killed by a tiger while they were working on the tea estate in Pattavayal village in Cudaloor. Photograph by Senthil Kumaran
View Images Cattle are returned back to the village. Photograph by Senthil Kumaran
Kumaran says increased human activity inside the sanctuaries, shrinking habitat, and the ensuing loss of natural prey has created a co-existence crisis in many areas around the country between the villagers and the tigers. There is also conflict between the villagers and forestry officials tasked with protecting the tigers.
Incidences of maulings, sometimes fatal, have sparked angry protests. In 2015, after one woman was killed and a man injured, Kumaran attempted to travel to the village only to find the roads blocked. "Hundreds of local people torched a few government vehicles in the area, stoning the department's offices and media people. They wanted to kill the tiger," they recall.
When they finally did make it, they found another angry crowd whose protests resulted in a police curfew.
Retaliations against the tigers often come in the form of poisoning. In one village, an adult tiger was found dead near a farm.
"The veterinarian who did the autopsy confirmed that the tiger was poisoned with a pesticide used to control nematode worms," Kumaran says. "It is suspected that some locals mixed the poison in the remains of the mule, which was mauled by the tiger a few days earlier."
Kumaran's journey and point of view traverses between tigers and humans. They credit their relationships with conservationists, villagers, and local NGOs in gaining access to both sides of the story. (Learn about another program to reduce wildlife-human conflict in India.)
Activated Spaces, an initiative to fill downtown storefronts, is accepting applications for temporary retail and service businesses to open downtown this spring as part of the fourth phase of its Pop-up Project. The project matches business owners and entrepreneurs with downtown property owners who have first-floor storefront space available for occupancy.
Interested retailers should fill out an application, which can be downloaded at www.activatedspaces.org, and email it to Jen Cadieux at [email protected]. The application deadline is 5 p.m. Friday, Feb. 15. Tenants will be selected March 8, and retailers must be ready to open no later than Friday, April 26, in time for the spring Urban Nights.
Lease lengths will range from three to six months. The spaces will have varying lease rates, but will be leased below market value. Activated Spaces volunteers will connect retailers with commercial property owners, help make the space move-in ready, and promote the business during such events as First Friday and Urban Nights. Selected businesses will negotiate leasing terms directly with the selected property owner, but flexibility for the tenant is a priority.
Activated Spaces volunteers hope to build on the success of the Pop-Up Project's first three phases. Four of the businesses that have opened as part of the Pop-Up Project are still open: Beaute Box, 116 W. Fifth St.; Peace on Fifth, 508 E. Fifth St.; American Pi, 37 S. St. Clair St.; and Sew Dayton, 16 Brown St.
Commercial property owners interested in offering space to interested Pop-Up Shop owners should contact Jen Cadieux at 937-224-1518. Participating property owners will be listed on the Activated Spaces website. Once a match is made, a limited amount of money is available to be distributed at the discretion of the Activated Spaces team for such purposes as offsetting utility costs, making cosmetic improvements to the space or other necessities for making the space operational.
Activated Spaces, a volunteer-led initiative spearheaded by young professional organizations Generation Dayton and updayton, has three main goals:
• reactivate and beautify vacant storefronts with creative displays
• encourage entrepreneurs, artists and community groups to occupy space for short- and long- term uses
• showcase downtown properties and increase interest and investment in available space
Activated Spaces is part of the Greater Downtown Dayton Plan, a strategic blueprint for the future of downtown. Those interested in volunteering with Activated Spaces should e-mail [email protected].
good all around media keyboard
I have an aging IOgear wireless media keyboard and while it is still functional, some of the keys are beginning to get really noisy and the left mouse click button is partially worn out. I use an analog joystick on the top right corner which is generally more intuitive and easier to use. I have been reluctant to try out the K400+ (as well as its older K400 sibling) simply because I preferred the joystick more than a trackpad. Anyway, I saw this on sale last 2016 boxing day from Best Buy (as well as from other retailers) and decided to give it a shot. I was pleasantly surprised that while the unit was fairly lightweight, it did not show signs of flex during use. The trackpad takes a little getting used to (not a big issue when you have the pad on a fixed laptop) but a little more difficult when the entire keyboard is held up. The analog joystick for me is a better setup since you are able to firmly grasp the keyboard with both hands and just use your thumb for moving the stick. On the other hand, with the K400/+ you have to firmly grasp the keyboard with your left hand and use your index fingers to navigate. Not a big issue if you have your keyboard on a coffee table or your lap Pros: The receiver looks like it's a unifying receiver so you may be able to pair it with other logitech devices simultaneously. It's virtually plug and play. I've connected it to various pc's running different operating systems and connected it directly to 2 smart TV's (a 2 yr old Samsung and a 2016 Sharp) and it worked immediately. It comes with batteries pre-installed so at least it's ready to use out of the box Cons: Well, not really a con but the micro-receiver is placed on the outside lip of the carton packaging which could easily be lost. There is still as small holder within the battery compartment to keep the receiver when not in use or during transport. Hopefully the battery life on this last longer if not just as long as the K360. A pair of good alkalines last more than a year and even cheap dollar store rechargeables last for 6 months (or more) before requiring a recharge.
A welcome sight for Ulster and Ireland fans.
A welcome sight for Ulster and Ireland fans.
TOMMY BOWE MADE their long-awaited return from injury this afternoon as they featured for Ulster Ravens in their 38-31 win over Munster A.
The Ireland winger has been sidelined since being stretched off during the World Cup defeat to Argentina last October.
They sustained a serious knee injury and was due to miss the entire season but Bowe made their first appearance in six months at Naas Rugby Club earlier.
The 32-year-old came through 40 minutes unscathed and could still feature for Ulster during the Pro12 run-in, with their next fixture not until next week away to Zebre.
Bowe wasn't the only player to make their comeback from injury with Munster's Duncan Casey returning to action for the first time since November.
The hooker suffered a long injury lay-off after rupturing their pectoral muscle in Munster's Pro12 win over Treviso in Limerick.
Duncan Casey tackles Darren Cave. Source: Lorraine O'Sullivan/INPHO
Welcome back, Tommy. Source: Lorraine O'Sullivan/INPHO
Jordan Coughlan makes a break. Source: Lorraine O'Sullivan/INPHO
Cian Bohane scores a try. Source: Lorraine O'Sullivan/INPHO
The42 is on Snapchat! Tap the button below on your phone to add!
A Georgia couple was arrested this week on charges of child cruelty and false imprisonment after their 15-year-old daughter told authorities that they were forced to live in a chicken coop and wear a remote-controlled shock collar.
The 15-year-old, who was home schooled, reportedly said that their adopted parents, Samuel and Diana Franklin, punished them for not finishing school work by spending up to six days at a time in the chicken coop behind their house in Butler over the past two years.
Chicken coops are known to have high levels of ammonia (PDF) which can be dangerous to both humans and animals.
Authorities said that the girl was also forced to do manual labor and spend time in a 4-foot-wide outhouse.
“I've never seen anything like this personally,” Georgia Bureau of Investigation Agent Wayne Smith explained. “If the allegations prove to be true, it's a very severe case.”
A shock collar was found at the home when the parents were taken into custody on Tuesday. The girl said that a device similar to one that remotely locks and unlocks cars was used to activate the collar and punish them with jolts of electricity.
Authorities said the device appeared to match the description provided by the girl. The collar and a leather belt were being examined at a crime lab for DNA evidence.
Diana Franklin told one neighbor that they were “doing what the Bible says” by punishing the girl for not doing chores the “right way,” according to KLTV.
Diana Franklin was charged with four counts of false imprisonment and 12 counts of cruelty to children. Samuel Franklin also faces charges of 8 counts of false imprisonment and 8 counts of cruelty to children. Both parents were released on bond on Thursday.
Watch this video from WTVM, broadcast July 11, 2012.
WTVM.com-Columbus, GA News Weather
A chilling fog cloaked Istanbul this week, creeping up slowly, making a mess of daily life. The thick shroud offered an obvious metaphor in the country that has the highest number of jailed journalists in the world, and came just as President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan took questions from reporters in Turkey's largest city.
Responding to an uproar this week about a headline in the well-known Turkish daily Hurriyet, Erdoğan was unequivocal:
"The headline is vulgar, worthless," Erdoğan said.
Neither this newspaper nor its bosses have the power to publish a headline like that. - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
The offending words, this time, translate roughly to "The Commanders are Uneasy," and were splashed on the front page of the paper's Saturday edition.
The article cited military sources saying the military had not been consulted on a recent decision to allow female soldiers to wear headscarves. If the goal of the article, as the paper has said, was to clear up misconceptions about the army, it instead seemed to allude to discord between the military and Erdoğan's government.
"Neither this newspaper nor its bosses have the power to publish a headline like that," Erdoğan said, adding legal action has been taken.
Journalist faces investigation
With more than 150 journalists and writers in jail here and criticism regularly lobbed at many others, Erdoğan's comments may not come as a surprise. What is a surprise is that the article was written by a journalist considered to be close to the government.
Hande Firat became a household name in Turkey on the night of the failed coup attempt on July 15 last year. They got Erdoğan on the CNN Turk news network, live via the FaceTime app, as the coup was unfolding. In that appearance, the president called on Turks to fill the streets in response to the rogue soldiers — and they did.
They have been a pro-government media star ever since.
Firat themselves once said being a journalist doesn't ensure special protection, that a journalist can be charged with a crime just like anyone else.
Within hours of Erdoğan's comments on Tuesday, the newspaper published an apology and explanation. By Wednesday afternoon, the paper's editor was removed from their job, and Firat was facing an investigation.
Turkish journalist Hande Firat faces investigation for an article they wrote in the Hurriyet newspaper that angered the country's president. (STR/AFP/Getty Images)
"Those who are trying to turn us against each other are going to pay a heavy price," Erdoğan said, referring to their government and the military. "I don't find it forgivable."
It's worth noting the headline's phrasing recalls major historical events in Turkey. Some journalists have pointed out that similar headlines were published before past military coups. The scars of last summer's coup attempt have not healed for many in this country, and certainly not for Erdoğan or their supporters; the symbolism of the words clearly crossed the lines they've drawn.
Censorship comes ahead of referendum
Firat may emerge unscathed, but German-Turkish reporter Deniz Yucel is facing a potential 10-year sentence for what prosecutors allege is publishing terrorist propaganda.
Yucel, who writes for the German daily newspaper Die Welt, is the first German reporter to be arrested in Turkey.  They are also a Turkish citizen. Their article referenced emails purportedly from the account of the country's energy minister, obtained by hacktivists. That minister is also Erdoğan's son-in-law.
Long before the developments of this week, international organizations were sounding the alarm about treatment of the media in Turkey.
Protestors gather outside the Turkish Embassy in Berlin on Feb. 28 to support German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel, who was arrested in Turkey. (Fabrizio Bensch/Reuters)
Members of advocacy group PEN International visited Istanbul in January to meet with some of the country's government officials and with some of the imprisoned journalists and writers here. PEN says Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world.
Canadian philosopher and writer John Ralston Saul, who was part of the delegation, told CBC News the group warned officials that censorship will compromise the upcoming referendum on a presidential system in Turkey.
The country of 80 million is set to vote April 16 on whether to approve greatly expanded powers for Erdoğan.
"The authorities said to us repeatedly 'After the referendum everything will be quiet, everything will be fine,'" Saul said. "We said to them, 'Look, we can tell you that from our experience,this will backfire. If you force a vote without freedom of expression, the people inside the country who disagree with you will reject it. You've actually set the table for disorder," they said.
Another PEN member, Turkish novelist and once jailed journalist Burhan Sonmez, cautioned against the misconception that Turkey's situation is an isolated one. They pointed specifically to the United States.
"Trump?" they asked. "We've already got a more powerful Trump in Turkey. If America would like to see their future if they don't change their road, maybe they have to study the history of the recent Turkish political system."
Taking sides
Though the number is shrinking, there are still many journalists and news outlets who freely report on what is happening in Turkey. Why are some targeted and others not? In some cases, it is tied to the media ecosystem here. Journalists write articles the government's supporters don't like, and are attacked on social media. After that, pro-government news outlets chime in. Then the government intervenes.
Istanbul was shrouded in fog Tuesday and much of Wednesday; the rules for covering the current administration are also hazy. (Turgut Yeter/CBC News)
And while few would argue the importance of tackling sensationalist or unethical journalism, the government's rules don't appear to apply to media outlets that are closest to the administration.
So the rules are hazy.
In Istanbul, the fog finally began to lift on Wednesday evening. Life started to go back to normal for most.
Just not for the journalists still awaiting their fate.
By Jen King, owner of Eisner nominated Space Cadets Collection Collection near Houston, TX
Morpheus Do you believe in fate, Neo?
Neo: No.
Morpheus: Why not?
Neo: Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life.
Morpheus: I know *exactly* what you mean. Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world.
Like Neo, I have started to have an uncomfortable feeling about the world. In this case, it is the world of comics. Let me tell you some history about what I have experienced in the comic book industry and why I am worried now.
I have been in the industry since 1995 when I opened my first store called Planet Comics in Midland, TX, a city still reeling from the effects of the oil crash of the 80's and the blood was in the water already for the comic book industry, having been glutted by the excesses of speculators being burned by foil covers and industry crossovers. My store was neat and clean and I was helpful and maybe a little bit of a novelty as the only female store owner anyone knew. I bought air time on TV during Fox Saturday morning cartoons, smack dab in between The Tick and the X-Men and had regular radio ads. Within a year the last competing store in town sold the rest of their stock to me with no hard feelings and although the industry was still tenuous at best, I made a good living at selling people things to read.
Then in December 1996, Marvel declared bankruptcy. The industry was in distress and distribution of comics was a mess at best. I can remember it being a very tense time, as where and when our comics would be coming from came into question. It shook the customer base as well.
My store made it through this dark time in comics history, but it wasn't without pain and sacrifice, which every store that survived (and many didn't) can attest to. People like Brian Hibbs, as they write in their must- read book, “Tilting at Windmills”, know this first hand. It was a gluttony of variant covers, blind bags, gatefolds, lenticulars, multiple-cover issues, and title re-launches that pandered not to the comic readership, but to people hoping to make a quick buck. They bought multiple copies of each issue and then tried and sell them at a profit, but everyone was doing it. There were thousands of comics in the hands of people who had no intention of ever reading them. Because the demand was high, stores had to buy lots of extra copies for the shelf just for the speculator market. It was good for the till in the short term for some comics, but stores were often stuck with huge orders that they couldn't sell through. Why would a store in Midland, Texas need 100 extra copies of the poly-bagged marriage of Superman? In case someone wanted 50 copies on release day, of course, but I got stuck with many of them, like many stores nationwide.
Now for the point of this tale: Beginning in 2014, the comic book industry started to feel very familiar to me. I had a sense of deja-vu. It bothered me then and my alarm bells are sounding now. It started with DC Comics and the lenticular covered comics. Then the variant cover comics (1:10, 1:25, 1:50 etc.) started showing up across the industry. Recently, Marvel had the audacity to require a 200% order increase from a previous hit title in order to receive their much-lauded “Hip Hop Variants”, which they then printed in a free handout for customers. Variants. Variants. Variants. Variants aren't aimed at the reader, they are aimed at the speculator, and when they realize that the high prices that they paid for them won't remain high for long, they will become disillusioned, as they were 2 decades before, and the industry will suffer for it.
The comic that made it crystal clear to me about how much we have forgotten is Dark Knight III. Something to the tune of 52 stores bought enough copies to earn the 1:5000 original sketch variant by Jim Lee. I'm sure they are beautiful, as I am a huge fan of Lee's art, but that's 260,000 copies of the regular issue that those 52 stores have to sell. Many will fill $1.00 boxes or be given away as free issues and flood the market and those copies aren't even including what the other stores worldwide bought. What I am saying is that I would not buy futures in Dark Knight III stock.
Diamond thinks that the industry is healthy, having reported sales increases over last year. Those numbers were bolstered by the huge numbers of copies of Star Wars titles, Secret Wars, and Dark Knight sold, many of them in order to receive the rare variants. What Diamond sees is the number of comics that stores bought, not what the stores actually sold through. I wonder what story those numbers would tell and how many of those copies actually sold at full price.
I worry about the industry a lot. I worry that store owners are making decisions to buy more comics than they need or can sell, just to get the variant cover for it. I don't think it's sustainable for any but the very largest stores that can sell though all of the extra comics. I worry that comic book store owners won't draw a line in the sand and let comic book companies know that what we want is great stories and art to sell to our customers. I'm worried that the stores won't be able to just order what they need for their customers and ignore the allure of the quick dollar of the variants.
Here is the crux: Not everyone in the industry has the retailer's best interest in mind, so we have to be smart and think of the future and what it holds if we stay on our current course. Here is a quote overheard from a comic book publisher during the Diamond Retailer Summit regarding the high purchase requirement variants: “If they are stupid enough to keep buying them, we will keep making them.”
I might be the sound of one drummer drumming, but I hope not for all of our sakes.
I will leave you with another movie quote, this time from Inception:
Cobb: An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Boosters of natural gas frequently argue that it can serve as a “bridge fuel,” spanning the chasm between our current global electricity systems, dominated by coal, and systems mostly or completely comprised of low-carbon sources like wind and solar. The idea is, we ramp up natural gas, the least dirty of the fossil fuels, to displace coal, thereby giving ourselves a few more decades to develop renewable energy, which will then replace natural gas. Natgas gets us from here to there.
This argument has become popular for a broad swath of U.S. elites, not only typical fossil-fuel boosters but lefty luminaries like Center for American Progress founder John Podesta and green leaders like Environmental Defense Fund President Fred Krupp.
Despite the notion becoming common to the point of cliché, however, there's been almost no effort to model a natural gas bridge — that is to say, to construct a climate scenario that a) stabilizes atmospheric carbon dioxide at a safe level and b) includes a large-but-temporary increase in natural gas consumption. There have been climate scenarios that incorporate a baseline level of natural gas consumption (assuming no significant policy shifts), and some that model consumption substantially and permanently increasing, but none that explicitly model a bridge, that is, a rise and subsequent decline.
Into the breach steps Michael Levi of the Council on Foreign Relations, with a new paper, “Climate consequences of natural gas as a bridge fuel,” published in the journal Climatic Change. It's a fascinating and timely bit of work that takes as its goal “to explore the properties of scenarios that feature natural gas as a bridge and that stabilize CO2 concentrations at or near the oft discussed targets of 450 and 550 ppm.”
The paper's got some intriguing things to say about methane emissions from natural gas production, which is a hot topic right now. (Long story short, the paper claims that methane emissions don't have much bearing on long-term climate outcomes.) But I hope that doesn't distract from the more central conclusion, which is that true climate safety leaves very, very little room for a natural gas bridge.
Here's how the abstract puts it:
In the context of the most ambitious stabilization objectives (450 ppm CO2), and absent carbon capture and sequestration, a natural gas bridge is of limited direct emissions-reducing value, since that bridge must be short. Natural gas can, however, play a more important role in the context of more modest but still stringent objectives (550 ppm CO2), which are compatible with longer natural gas bridges. [my emphasis]
It's important to note that 450 ppm is not the most ambitious stabilization objective. Climate scientist James Hansen and others have argued that anything over 350 ppm is an unacceptable risk. (Hitting 350 would mean reducing current atmospheric CO2 levels — we recently hit 394.) I asked Levi about this and they said that there just aren't many 350 ppm scenarios to work with in the climate modeling world. Nonetheless, I think it stands to reason that if the natural gas bridge in a 450 ppm scenario is “short,” the bridge in a 350 ppm scenario is … not there at all.
There are detailed proposals out there for getting to 350 ppm, but they involve a heroic, wholesale shift directly to carbon-free energy. They do not include a ramping up of natural gas, temporary or otherwise.
The conclusion is inescapable: There is no natural gas bridge to true climate safety.
What natural gas is, then, is not a bridge but a hedge. Levi says as much:
Collectively, these results suggest that it may be useful to think of a natural gas bridge as a potential hedging tool against the possibility that it will be more difficult to move away from coal than policymakers desire or can achieve, rather than merely (or primarily) as a way to achieve particular desired temperature outcomes. [my emphasis]
Now, this doesn't necessarily mean that natural gas should be opposed by climate hawks. It may be that a temporary push for natural gas, while it doesn't have much direct emissions-reductions benefit, has political or economic benefits. As Levi emphasizes, their paper says nothing about those aspects of natural gas; it's purely a physical modeling of the supposed bridge. There's an argument to be made that a temporary shift to natural gas would positively affect the political prospects for clean energy; there's an argument to be made that it would offer an economic boost; there's an argument to be made that it would reduce non-CO2 pollutants like soot and mercury.
And as Levi notes, there's an argument to be made that a natural gas bridge could be a kind of backup strategy, an insurance policy just in case politicians don't get a clue and tackle climate change seriously.
But there is no credible argument that a temporary switch to natural gas is a direct means to reach a safe level of carbon in the atmosphere. It is not. It's a hedge-the-bets strategy, a way to soften the coming blows. If we're serious about the welfare of future generations, we won't keep casting about for bridges. We'll screw up our courage and make the leap.
(CNN) "Spotlight" is basking in the golden glow of Oscar.
"Mad Max: Fury Road" may have won more honors at the 88th Academy Awards, leading all films with six. "The Revenant" won some major prizes, including the first Oscar for actor Leonardo DiCaprio.
But when the last award of the evening was read, it was the little film about Boston Globe investigative reporters digging into a sex abuse scandal involving Catholic priests that was left standing.
"This film gave a voice to survivors," producer Michael Sugar said. "And this film amplifies that voice, which we hope will become a choir that will resonate all the way to the Vatican."
It was one of just two awards "Spotlight" took home. The film also won for Tom McCarthy and Josh Singer's original screenplay.
But until that moment, it looked like "Revenant," about a vengeful trapper in the 1820s, was going to go all the way.
Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best picture: "Spotlight" Hide Caption 1 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best actor: Leonardo DiCaprio, "The Revenant" Hide Caption 2 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best actor: Brie Larson, "Room" Hide Caption 3 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best supporting actor: Mark Rylance, "Bridge of Spies" Hide Caption 4 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best supporting actor: Alicia Vikander, "The Danish Girl" Hide Caption 5 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best director: Alejandro G. Inarritu, "The Revenant" Hide Caption 6 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best original screenplay: "Spotlight," by Josh Singer and Tom McCarthy Hide Caption 7 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best adapted screenplay: "The Big Short," by Charles Randolph and Adam McKay Hide Caption 8 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best costume design: "Mad Max: Fury Road" (Jenny Beavan) Hide Caption 9 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best production design: "Mad Max: Fury Road" (Production design by Colin Gibson; set decoration by Lisa Thompson) Hide Caption 10 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best makeup and hairstyling: "Mad Max: Fury Road" (Lesley Vanderwalt, Elka Wardega and Damian Martin) Hide Caption 11 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best cinematography: "The Revenant" (Emmanuel Lubezki) Hide Caption 12 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best film editing: "Mad Max: Fury Road" (Margaret Sixel) Hide Caption 13 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best sound editing: "Mad Max: Fury Road" (Mark Mangini and David White) Hide Caption 14 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best sound mixing: "Mad Max: Fury Road" (Chris Jenkins, Gregg Rudloff and Ben Osmo) Hide Caption 15 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best visual effects: "Ex Machina" (Andrew Whitehurst, Paul Norris, Mark Ardington and Sara Bennett) Hide Caption 16 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best animated feature film: "Inside Out" Hide Caption 17 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best animated short film: "Bear Story" Hide Caption 18 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best documentary feature: "Amy" Hide Caption 19 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best documentary, short subject: "A Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness" Hide Caption 20 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best live-action short film: "Stutterer" Hide Caption 21 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best foreign-language film: "Son of Saul" (Hungary) Hide Caption 22 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best original score: "The Hateful Eight" (Ennio Morricone) Hide Caption 23 of 24 Photos: Oscars 2016: Winners Best original song: "Writing's on the Wall" from "Spectre," written by Jimmy Napes and Sam Smith Hide Caption 24 of 24
Alejandro González Iñárritu notched their second straight Oscar in the directing category; he's the first person to pull off that feat since Joseph L. Mankiewicz in 1949-50. The film's Emmanuel Lubezki also kept a streak going, winning their third straight Oscar for cinematography.
But the big story was DiCaprio, who finally won an Oscar with their fifth acting nomination.
After taking some time to thank Iñárritu, co-star Tom Hardy and director Martin Scorsese, among others, DiCaprio put in a plug for environmentalism.
"Climate change is real. It is happening right now; we needed to go to the tip of South America to find snow. ... It is the most urgent threat facing our entire species," they said. "We need to support leaders around the world who speak for indigenous people, for humanity, the voices who have been drowned out by the politics of greed. Do not take this planet for granted. ... I do not take this night for granted. Thank you."
Some shockers
Though most awards were expected, given the expertise of close-watching Oscar handicappers these days, the night wasn't without its shockers.
Mark Rylance won best supporting actor for their performance as a Soviet agent in "Bridge of Spies."
The category included Sylvester Stallone, who was widely believed to be the front-runner for their performance as Rocky Balboa in "Creed" -- 39 years after they first played the role in "Rocky."
"Writing's on the Wall," Sam Smith's song from the James Bond film "Spectre," won the best song -- an announcement that came not long after Lady Gaga brought the house down with a performance of their nominated song, " 'Til It Happens to You."
After a streak of technical awards to "Mad Max," "Ex Machina" won for visual effects.
Ennio Morricone, the legendary composer of such film scores as "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" and "The Untouchables," finally won an Oscar, their first in six nominations. It was for Quentin Tarantino's "The Hateful Eight."
And, in perhaps the biggest shock of all, the show was rather brisk, lasting just over 3½ hours. That's actually longer than some shows of recent years, including the 2011 show with James Franco and Anne Hathaway, but given the program's propensity for pushing four hours, it's not something to be taken for granted.
Rock comes out hard
Perhaps that was at least partly due to the host, the no-holds-barred Chris Rock.
Rock wasted no time in taking on #OscarsSoWhite and diversity issues that had been in the news since the nominations were announced in mid-January.
After the obligatory montage of the year's movies, Rock came out and said he'd counted at least 15 black people in the video -- and, just like that, they were off.
"If they nominated hosts, I wouldn't even get this job," they said. "You'd be watching Neil Patrick Harris right now."
Noting the lack of black nominees through most of Oscar history, they pointed out that in the '60s, "black people did not protest because we had real things to protest at the time. We were too busy being raped and lynched to worry about the best cinematography."
And "In Memoriam," the yearly segment of people who had passed away in the previous year, would get an addition, Rock said.
"In the In Memoriam package, it's just going to be black people shot by the cops on the way to the movies."
Some of their lines earned gasps from the audience, and the New York Daily News believed they had gone too far.
A look at Monday's front page:
CHRIS WENT TOO FAR - @ShaunKing: Lynching jokes appalling https://t.co/IgJNrlPNsc pic.twitter.com/ZnczwbT4Eh — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) February 29, 2016
But their stint appeared to have gone well overall.
Rock went back to the Magic Johnson Theaters in Compton to ask African-American moviegoers about the year's nominated films. Almost none of the patrons had seen them.
And they even helped their daughter sell Girl Scout cookies.
Beating the bear
In the other major awards, Brie Larson won the best actor for their performance in "Room," and Alicia Vikander won best supporting actor for their work in "The Danish Girl."
"Inside Out" won best animated feature.
In recent weeks, it appeared that "The Revenant" would top them all. The film featured gripping photography and DiCaprio's intense performance and made a set piece of a vicious bear attack. It had won some major prizes, including the Directors Guild prize for Iñárritu, and the Motion Picture Academy rarely splits honors between director and picture.
But "Spotlight," which had been quietly collecting honors of its own, came through on deadline.
The 88th Academy Awards aired from Hollywood's Dolby Theatre.
CTV Windsor
The future of Chrysler's Windsor Assembly Plant will be announced in the next two days.
According to Automotive News, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles CEO Sergio Marchionne has made a decision on whether or not to move minivan production from Windsor.
"I think the decision has been made. We're in the position of finalizing the choice. We're pretty well done," Marchionne said to reports at the Geneva Auto Show.
Marchionne didn't disclose the choice, but “Marchionne said that executives of multinational companies cannot be bound by national loyalties. They said that the completion of the January merger between Fiat and Chrysler into Fiat Chrysler Automotive ‘flattened the world out completely'."
Automotive News says Marchionne isn't looking for subsidies, but rather a “level playing field” in terms of production costs.
CTV Windsor has reached out to Chrysler Canada for comment, but they declined.
A quick look at the Seattle Seahawks' 2013 draft class following the team's exhibition opener against the San Diego Chargers at Qualcomm Stadium:
RB Christine Michael, second round, No. 62 overall. Michael carried 16 times for 89 yards and had a 24-yard run late in the game. Their quickness was evident. This performance suggested the rookie could help the Seahawks this season. Marshawn Lynch and Robert Turbin could make carries scarce for Michael and other backs, however.
DT Jordan Hill, third round, No. 87 overall. Hill seemed close to making plays without finishing consistently. They did apply pressure to the quarterback. Hill finished the game with one tackle. They played more snaps on defense (44) than any of the team's other draft choices. Officials flagged Hill for illegal use of hands.
WR Chris Harper, fourth round, No. 123 overall. Harper gained 8 yards on their lone reception. They were open another time, but the Chargers pressured quarterback Tarvaris Jackson into throwing to fullback Derrick Coleman instead.
DT Jesse Williams, fifth round, No. 137 overall. Williams faced double-team blocking more frequently than I would have anticipated. They played 28 percent of the defensive snaps and did not factor on the stat sheet.
2013 Seahawks Draft Pick Snaps vs. SD
CB Tharold Simon, fifth round, No. 138 overall. A foot injury caused Simon to miss the game. They have not practiced with the team during camp to this point. Seattle's quality depth at corner means Simon faces a tough fight upon theirs return.
TE Luke Willson, fifth round, No. 158 overall. Willson caught two passes for 16 yards, including a 15-yarder to convert on third down. Their inability to catch a pass on another third-down play killed a drive. Willson played 16 snaps on offense and 10 on special teams. Only Jameson Konz (11) and Jeremy Lane (11) played more snaps on special teams.
FB Spencer Ware, sixth round, No. 194 overall. Ware matched Michael in offensive snaps with 27. They carried seven times for 32 yards (4.6 per carry) and a touchdown. They had a 20-yard run to go with their 6-yard scoring run.
G Ryan Seymour, seventh round, No. 220 overall. Seymour played 22 snaps (39 percent). That ranked third among the three offensive linemen Seattle drafted in 2013.
LB Ty Powell, seventh round, No. 231 overall. Powell ranked second on the team with six tackles while playing 31 snaps, or 46 percent. They made a tackle for a 2-yard loss in the second quarter, taking down Chargers running back Fozzy Whittaker, a player San Diego claimed off waivers from Arizona.
G Jared Smith, seventh round, No. 241 overall. Smith played 30 snaps. I wasn't watching them closely enough to take note of their contributions.
T Michael Bowie, seventh round, No. 242 overall. Bowie and undrafted free agent Alvin Bailey give the Seahawks a couple of promising young tackles to develop. Both seemed to play well in this game. Bowie played 44 snaps on offense, matching Hill for the most scrimmage snaps for a 2013 Seattle draft choice.
TERRORISTS have posted videos and manuals on social media to teach Palestinian supporters — even children — “how to stab a Jew.”
Israel's UN ambassador, Danny Danon, displayed a how-to manual before a meeting of the UN Security Council, reports the New York Post.
“You can see with this picture what incitement looks like,” they said while showing a page.
The guides give instruction on how to inflict the maximum bodily damage with a knife. They include an anatomical chart with images of knives indicating vulnerable areas.
The posts have contained such headings as “Third intifada,” “The Knife intifada,” “Poison the Knife before you Stab” and “Slaughtering the Jews,” the Times of Israel reported.
A Facebook page titled “intifada Youth Coalition — Palestine,” also recently posted a video demonstrating how to carry out a stabbing.
YouTube removed a video two weeks ago after Israeli officials complained it promoted terror.
In response, Israel's first-aid officials published a video instructing citizens on how to respond to a stabbing attack.
Six young Iranian men and women videotaped dancing to Pharrell Williams' "Happy" and the homemade video's director have been sentenced to suspended jail terms and 91 lashes each, their lawyer said Friday.
The Iranians' case attracted international attention when they were detained in May for participating in a production deemed indecent by hard-liners in Iran. The video showed the men and women, none of whom wore obligatory headscarves, dancing together in sunglasses and silly clothes on Tehran rooftops and alleyways.
The suspended sentences mean that verdicts against the defendants won't be carried out unless they commit crimes and are found guilty in the next three years.
Lawyer Farshid Rofugaran said the seven received suspended sentences of six months in jail and lashes. They said the suspended jail term was punishment for acting in the video and the lashes for ignoring Islamic norms.
"My clients did act in a video and their actions are contrary to religious requirements but are not crimes to deserve legal punishment. Saying prayers is a religious obligation in Islam but no one gets jail terms for not saying prayers," they told The Associated Press on Friday.
"The happy part of the verdict is that it's a three-year suspended sentence. The verdicts won't be carried out unless my clients are found guilty in a court of law for the next three years," they said.
The lawyer said one of the defendants also received another suspended sentence of six months over charges of possessing alcohol, which is banned in Iran. They said one of their clients kept industrial alcohol needed for their job, which is legal, but did not possess alcohol to drink.
'A vulgar clip'
Rofugaran said they learned of the verdicts from the judge's office and expects a formal announcement soon. They said they will have 20 days to appeal the sentence once they receive the written verdict.
The seven men and women were arrested in May but released soon afterward.
Laws in the Islamic Republic ban women from dancing in public or appearing outside without covering their hair with the hijab.
The arrests in May drew widespread criticism. Williams themselves weighed in, tweeting at the time that it was "beyond sad these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness."
An Iranian police chief, Hossein Sajedinia, called the video "a vulgar clip" which "hurt public chastity" and urged Iranian youth to avoid such acts.
Hard-liners have accused moderate President Hassan Rouhani of failing to stop the spread of what they deem "decadent" Western culture in Iran. They've marched numerous times in Tehran streets to protest women not being sufficiently veiled and dressing provocatively.
While Rouhani pursues a policy of social and cultural openness, hard-liners say the government should be tough on those who challenge strict interpretations of Islamic norms. They accuse Rouhani of showing leniency and too much tolerance toward those who question Islamic sanctities.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mike Tolputt is the only weaver at their mill in Carmarthenshire
Welsh woollen mills' "days are numbered" unless there is radical change in the industry, a Carmarthenshire mill owner has warned.
Mike Tolputt, 85, said they were concerned the next generation lacked the skills and financial means to take over when ageing mill owners retire.
They own one of the country's eight remaining mills, Elvet in Cynwyl Elfed.
But other mill owners reported a "Welsh textile revival" with plans for weaver apprenticeships under way.
The woollen industry was once the most widespread industry in Wales.
In 1926 there were 217 mills spread across every Welsh county, according to the National Wool Museum.
But Mr Tolputt said: "Unless there's a radical change, I think the days are numbered.
"So many of the owners are approaching retirement age and I don't see many people rushing to take these businesses on.
"There possibly are young people but It's whether they have the skill set and the capital to purchase."
Image caption Wales' mills craft traditional tapestry bedspreads, blankets and rugs using old looms and methods
Eifion Griffiths owns Melin Tregwynt in Granston, Pembrokeshire, with their wife Amanda.
They agreed it was "difficult to see the industry carrying on as it is for the next 50 years" but said demand for Welsh tapestry was increasing.
Consumers care more about the "story" and heritage behind products and a weak pound has boosted overseas sales, they said.
Anna Grime, who owns Solva Woollen Mill in Middle Mill, Pembrokeshire, with their husband Tom said they had seen "a big Welsh textile revival over the past 12 to 18 months".
"People are much more interested in the provenance of things [and there's] an interest in sourcing things locally, made in UK," they said.
Several of the mills said they had been selling more blankets to customers in Japan.
Meanwhile, trend forecaster Scarlet Opus said Welsh blankets were a trend for 2017 and had been increasingly popular since 2015.
Image copyright Jane Beck Image caption Welsh tapestry bedcovers can cost more than £300
Jane Beck runs a shop selling Welsh blankets from their tin shed shop in Tregaron, Ceredigion.
"Demand is huge. Over the last six or seven years the demand has far outstripped supply," they said.
"12 years ago I was selling them for about £65, now it's nearer £300."
Ms Beck's blankets have been featured in magazines, theatre productions and TV programmes and they said they once provided Nato with one to present to former US President Barack Obama.
Calvin Jones, professor of economics at the Cardiff Business School, is optimistic for the future: "They are important and eminently saveable.
"In a way the smallness of the industry, its cultural heritage and its generally high-value products provide more opportunities than for other former Welsh industries."
Image caption Raymond Jones owns Melin Teifi in Felindre, Llandysul
Raymond Jones, 72, started Melin Teifi in Felindre, Llandysul, in Ceredigion with their wife Diane in 1981.
They have a contract to provide blankets to Prince Charles' Highgrove shops and sees a bright future for the industry: "There was quite a depression in the Welsh woollen industry about 15 years ago but the Welsh woollen industry is back in fashion now... there's more work around than there has been for years.
"The main problem for the future is we don't have any trained staff or anyone coming into it… we need to get more people into it really."
Their mill is next door to the National Wool Museum, which is housed in the former Cambrian Mills.
The museum's manager Ann Whittall said they "hatched a plan" with Melin Tregwynt, Melin Teifi and Cambrian Mountain Wool to launch four two-year apprenticeship places in 2018.
"Hopefully they'll develop the skills so if they want to [they can] go off and offer their services to an existing mill, set up their own micro mill or go into the heritage industry," they said.
Image caption Mr Tolputt bought their mill 35 years ago when they were 50
How it would be funded was the "million-dollar question" they said, but they are working with the museum's development department to find potential funders.
The museum said it had a "ballpark figure in mind" for this cost, which is in development.
But some mill owners were unsure apprenticeships were the answer.
Mrs Grime said: "Apprenticeships are really difficult for a small business.
"You make the investment and they leave and go somewhere else. It's a tricky issue."
Image copyright Jane Beck Image caption Ms Beck's Welsh blanket shop sprang from an interest in Wales' social and industrial history
Mr Tolputt added: "We're not really equipped for employing people. The age of the machinery means we run into problems with health and safety.
"To employ somebody I need to have a restroom away from their place of work and I have to have a toilet.
"I'm right on a river bank so there are restrictions over what I can do for a toilet... I'm too far away from the public sewer... until I solve this problem I can't employ people."
Textile designer Llio James runs the woven textiles course for Carmarthen School of Arts at Coleg Sir Gar.
They said 17 students graduated from the course every year, about half of whom specialised in weaving.
"It would make perfect sense for them to go and work in the industry but there's no scheme set up," they said.
"The mill owners need to be open to these changes and open to train them up - some mill owners just aren't interested [so] the mills are going to die at the end of the day.
"We're literally talking about the next few years - there's no time to mess around."
Mr Tolputt remains concerned for the future: "When I look around at my colleagues they're all approaching retirement age - that magic 65.
"The inevitable will happen one day - we won't open the door to the mill, then what? I wish I had a crystal ball to try and look into the future.
They said their career had given them great pleasure and it would suit the right type of person.
"Amongst the weavers I know there's enthusiasm for their work that drives them on. It gives them great pleasure, It's something that keeps them going.
"If you think you can take on a mill, make a fortune, own a yacht and got to Barbados for your holiday, forget it, you're not the right kind of person.
"But if you're interested in craft work and take a pride in what you do and enjoyment from seeing the reaction of your customer then you stand a chance."
After hours of observing the top ten finishing horses over the course of the 100-mile Tevis Cup ride, which took place Aug. 1, the cup committee named Auli Farwa (or "Far"), a 15-year-old Arabian gelding, and rider Jenni Smith of Moraga, California, the 2015 Haggin Cup winners.
The Haggin Cup, created in 1964, honors the horse in the most superior condition and recognizes the rider's sportsmanship and horsemanship.
Smith and Far finished fifth, only 54 minutes behind Tevis Cup winners Potato Richardson and SMR Filouette. This was Smith's tenth Tevis completion.
Overall, 45% of starters in the 2015 ride completed the course. Ninety horses finished within 24 hours, while 110 were “pulled” or eliminated from the event.
Far's owner, Kevin Myers, said at the awards banquet later that day that the gelding's endurance record includes 62 lifetime starts, all of which he's completed. This was Far's sixth Tevis completion.
Cup committee member Linda Tellington-Jones, who completed Tevis six times between 1961 and 1972, praised the care the horses received throughout the event: “I am so thrilled to be back at Tevis and see how it has evolved since the years I rode. The crewing is better, the horses are great, and the riders and veterinarians are doing such a wonderful job of taking care of the horses.”
When I was telling my family and friends that I wanted to start eating a plant based diet, everyone had an opinion. Everyone had a reason why I shouldn't do it. Some people were concerned about my health, others “just could not imagine not eating meat”, some just did not like the idea of it. Then there are the friends that looked at me and said, “I wanted to do that, but it is just so expensive.”
Now that I am further along in my journey that response really makes me scratch my head and wonder what in the world they are talking about. The only logical conclusion I can come up with is if you purchase the processed vegan / vegetarian food (or as I like to call it “Vegan Junk Food”) then it might be more expensive.
When I started my journey I purposely tried to avoid those foods. Sure, I would buy them every once and awhile when I am really craving meat. But most of the time, I simply just do not purchase them. In my opinion, these products are for transitioning from meat based diet to a plant based diet and they are not supposed to be used long term.
If you are using them long term, you may want to think about switching. If you look at the ingredients used in them, you are not doing yourself any favors. They are full of preservatives and things that are not the best for you. However, they are a better choice than meat any day. I am not saying that you are wrong if you do use the products, at the end of the day anything is better than eating meat.
If you are looking to cut down on the cost then here are a few suggestions I have for you.
Use lentils to replace anything that requires hamburger meat. Buying a bag of lentils and much lower in cost than purchasing a bag of Boca. This can be for nachos, tacos, spaghetti or anything you can imagine.
Instead of purchasing bean burgers, make them yourself! They can be easily done in a food processor.
Buy bagged beans instead of canned beans. Canned beans run about $1 for a can in my area. I can spend the same amount and get a bag of beans and cook them myself. With canned beans you need to also be careful because some companies will use meat products to cook the beans.
Buy in season.
Buy what is on sale.
Buy in bulk, cook it all up and freeze it. One way that I have done this recently is with cranberries. I bought 6 bags when I only needed one and froze the ones that I did not need to use. With some things like Cranberries you do not even need to do anything to them to be ready to freeze them.
Do not overlook the produce clearance bin. Most Krogers have a produce clearance bin where they will put older fruit or fruit that fell out of the bags. They rebag them and charge $0.99 per bag.
If you have access to things like farmers markets, then you can go towards the end and get an even better deal. Most of the time, the farmers are looking to get rid of what they brought and will be willing to cut you a deal.
These are just a few of my go-to tips. The ultimate goal here is to work smarter not harder. It is completely possible to eat a healthy, plant-based diet on a budget.
What are your favorite tips and tricks? Do you already use some of these? Let me know in the comments below!
~Stella~
John Shearer/Associated Press
According to head trainer Firas Zahabi, longtime UFC welterweight champion and pound-for-pound great Georges St-Pierre will be cleared to fight this fall.
In a recent interview with ESPN.com's Brett Okamoto, Zahabi said GSP has resumed "gymnastics training" just six months after undergoing surgery in March to repair a torn left ACL. Additionally, Zahabi said they expect GSP to be medically cleared to fight in October, almost exactly nine months from the date of the surgery.
GSP previously tore their right ACL and meniscus in 2011, fighting three times—all wins via decision—before taking a break from the sport of MMA in December 2013.
After GSP tore their ACL in training while on hiatus, many wondered if they would return at all. If Zahabi's gut feeling is correct, we have not seen the last of Rush inside the UFC Octagon just yet.
“My personal opinion is they still have plenty of competitive juice in him," Zahabi told Okamoto. "I think he's got a few fights in them but I don't want to speak for the guy. They might retire and no one could blame him.”
While the road to recovery will be tough and involved, GSP is a dedicated, disciplined fighter who has battled back from a serious knee injury before. If anybody can do it, it's GSP. Zahabi seconds this sentiment.
“It's looking way better than the first time,” Zahabi said. “We just finished training and were talking about how their quadriceps got back to size so much faster this time around."
Should GSP be medically cleared in October, Zahabi said they would then begin "light martial arts training ... nothing crazy" and allow the situation to pan out from there. Nothing will be rushed, nothing will be forced, and GSP will not make their return before they feel he's ready.
Until then, the 170-pound division will see plenty of action, as champion Johny Hendricks will rematch Robbie Lawler in early 2015 and top contenders Rory MacDonald and Tarec Saffiedine will face off October 4 at UFC Fight Night 54.
Add in the streaking Tyron Woodley and Hector Lombard, and it's clear that GSP will have plenty of options when—or if—he decides to return.
Open relationships demystified / Violet Blue gets advice on coupling with 'eyes wide open'
Tristan Taormino. Photo courtesy of Puckerup.com by Hank Hoffman Tristan Taormino. Photo courtesy of Puckerup.com by Hank Hoffman Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Open relationships demystified / Violet Blue gets advice on coupling with 'eyes wide open' 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
For some reason, when I think of open relationships I think of Disco Stu. The hippest dude in the Simpsons' pantheon of characters, Disco Stu always wears their sunglasses and refers to themselves exclusively in the third person. Based only on that criteria, Disco Stu is inarguably cool. A babe magnet. But most of all, I think we all agree that if we had to guess, we'd conclude that Disco Stu is a swinger.
And if Disco Stu were a senator, I can't help but think that the cultural conversation about sex scandals would be different if a supposedly cuckolded Mrs. Stu made a statement to the press that, actually, they didn't care about the other woman. Because you see, they have an agreement. Then, the sex scandal would no longer be such a scandal. And that wouldn't get ratings, now would it?
Of course, open relationships are in reality far from the playful cartoon caricatures of swingers, or the other end of the non-monogamy spectrum: nightmarish Texan polygamous fundamentalist sects. As the No. 1 request I've gotten for topics to be covered in this column is non-monogamy, and there is only one Disco Stu, I think the question is simply, "What are open relationships?"
It just so happens that the interest in non-monogamous advice has been reaching a peak in my inbox at the same time that infamous New York sex educator Tristan Taormino (puckerup.com) has released their newest book "Opening Up: A Guide to Creating and Sustaining Open Relationships" (Cleis Press). The book has its own blog, chock-full of resources for couples and singles interested in understanding and exploring options outside of monogamy. What's more, Taormino lands in town this weekend for two events to celebrate and raise awareness about the indispensable information in their book. Monday, she'll be hosting a workshop called "Making Open Relationships Work," and on June 5, she'll be celebrating at a free release party for both the book and their new "reality porn" video "Chemistry #4", along with stars from the film Penny Flame, Adrianna Nicole and Sinnamon Love.
Even if you don't consider monogamy monotony, the book is an eye opener. Disco Stu could not be reached for comment, but Taormino patiently answered my questions about threesomes, changing relationships and more.
Violet Blue: What's the biggest myth about open relationships?
Tristan Taormino: There are so many myths about open relationships. I think one of the most popular is that people in open relationships have intimacy issues and trouble with commitment. The assumption underlying this myth is that true intimacy can only be achieved between two people in a monogamous relationship. In other words, if you are emotionally and physically intimate with more than one person, it somehow dilutes the intimacy of each relationship. This is based on the notion that love is a quantifiable thing, like, if you have 100 pounds of love, you can give 100 pounds to your partner. But if you have multiple partners, you have to split the 100 pounds between them. Intimacy is about being willing to be open, honest and vulnerable with your partner and bonding on a deep level. Monogamy does not automatically equal intimacy and non-monogamy does not automatically equal lack of intimacy. Plus, non-monogamous relationships often involve the same level of commitment as monogamous ones. People in non-monogamous relationships are not avoiding intimacy or commitment, they are cultivating a relationship style that meets their needs and works for them.
Violet Blue: How can someone be in a monogamous relationship and change it to an open one without destroying the relationship?
Tristan Taormino: I think it can be easier for a couple who begin a relationship as an open one than a couple who start out monogamous and then decide to transition to non-monogamy. Both people need to let go of some of the fundamental ways they've been interacting with one another as a monogamous couple. It can definitely be a rocky time when you need to get comfortable with your partner having sex and/or relationships with other people. That can be a very big leap for people to make. I think it's best to start out small rather than dive into the deep end — and communicate a lot. If you are both committed to it, it can absolutely work, but you both need to be on board 100 percent.
Violet Blue: How many kinds of open relationships are there?
Tristan Taormino: One of the most significant things I learned as I researched this book and talked to so many different people from diverse backgrounds is that while people's open relationships may have things in common, no two are alike. They are as individual as the people involved in them. In my book, I identify and discuss six of the most common styles: partnered non-monogamy, swinging, polyamory, solo polyamory, polyfidelity and the mono/poly combination (where one partner is monogamous and the other is polyamorous). But I emphasize that within each style, there are plenty of subtle and not-so-subtle differences. For example, the way that four people in a quad practice polyamory and a straight spouse and a queer spouse practice it will differ greatly and depend on lots of factors.
Violet Blue: What are examples of rules in open relationships?
Tristan Taormino: There are so many rules — or some people don't like that term and prefer "agreements" — people have negotiated. Safer sex was at the top of the list of everyone I interviewed for the book. From there, it varied wildly. No sex with other people in our bed. No dates with other people on Saturdays. I don't want to know the details. I want to know as much as you're willing to share. I'm your only Sir and you're my only boy. No anal sex with other people. We can only hook up when one or both of us is out of town. We can only play with other people when we're at a club, party or event and the play happens in public. Those are just a few examples.
Violet Blue: Does your book provide advice for people who want to have a threesome?
Tristan Taormino: Certainly, someone can learn about communication, setting limits and dealing with jealousy from my book — those are useful skills for people who want to have a threesome. But my book really is focused on relationships, so if someone is looking for a lot of sex advice or technique, this probably isn't the book for them. I'd recommend "The Threesome Handbook" by Vicki Vantoch, which is much more focused on sex and specifically about threesomes.
Violet Blue: What happens in your "Making Open Relationships Work" workshops?
Tristan Taormino: I hope to give people tools, ideas and strategies to create the open relationship of their dreams or make their existing open relationships satisfying. We'll discuss common challenges and benefits, different ways to resolve conflicts, and how to cope with the dynamic, ever-changing nature of an open relationship.
Violet Blue: What do you love about San Francisco? Is there someplace you want to make sure you visit when you're in town?
Tristan Taormino: San Francisco is and has been light years ahead of most other places in the country in terms of cultivating communities for people outside the mainstream; it's such a welcoming place for leather people, queers, genderqueers, transpeople, non-monogamous people, sex workers and other kinds of perverts, so I always feel right at home! I haven't been there in about five years. One of my favorite restaurants is Greens, I love Joseph Schmidt chocolates, and I haven't seen Good Vibrations (goodvibes.com) since it moved to a new location!
Tristan Taormino's workshop "Making Open Relationships Work" (for singles and couples) is on Monday at 7:30 p.m., at Good Vibrations, 603 Valencia St. (at 17th Street), and pre-registration is strongly recommended. On June 5, go to the same Good Vibes location for the "Opening Up and Chemistry 4 Release Party" at 6:30 p.m. (free admission). Visit openingup.net/tour/ for more information.
Violet Blue is a Forbes "Web Celeb", notorious blogger (Laughing Squid), high-profile tech personality and one of Wired's "Faces of Innovation." They write for outlets ranging from Forbes.com to O, The Oprah Magazine.  They are regarded as the foremost expert in the field of sex and technology, a sex-positive pundit in mainstream media ( CNN, The Oprah Winfrey Show) and is interviewed, quoted and featured prominently by major media outlets. Violet has many award-winning, best-selling books, a famous podcast, is fun to follow-on Twitter, and is a San Francisco native.
Blue headlines at conferences ranging from ETech, The Forbes Internet Leadership Conference, LeWeb and SXSW: Interactive, to Google Tech Talks at Google, Inc. Them tech site is Techyum; their audio and e-books are at Digita Publications.
For more information and links to Web sites discussed in Open Source Sex, go to Violet Blue's Web site, tinynibbles.com.
There's a small but extremely vocal minority of people who hold a strong influence over the way the Oilers are covered who are even still defending Dallas Eakins. No matter what changes with the team, it wasn't Dallas Eakins' fault and Todd Nelson just isn't going to get the appropriate praise. The way they compete doesn't matter, the mood in the room doesn't matter, the working environment just doesn't matter to this minority. They are just Eakins disciples and that's all there is to it. Naturally I'm talking about B loggers the General Manager.
MacT hires Eakins. Eakins fails to get absolute best from Petry. MacT blames Petry. MacT fires Eakins. Petry improves. MacT trades him. Ugh!
— David Staples (@dstaples) March 3, 2015
@dstaples Wait a sec. I thought you guys all LOVED Eakins?
— Mark Spector (@SportsnetSpec) March 3, 2015
Ok, it actually appears to some misguided people as if bloggers are the Eakins disciples and not the man running the Edmonton Oilers. If I squint at this long enough I think I can wager a guess as to why. There are a growing number of non-traditional writers who cover the Oilers and also have an interest in hockey analytics. Dallas Eakins adopted (some) analytics and even pushed the club to (rightly) hire an analytics consultant of fame. Naturally there could be a tendency to side with a man who did that despite the fact that Eakins' record was terrible.
I mean it didn't really happen, but you could see how that might have happened and by extension you can see how some people might overstate or oversimplify your position if you show any kind of nuance about it.
Right now is where I put the disclaimer that I am only speaking for myself. I think my position on Dallas Eakins the coach is a little more complex than “He was great” or “He was terrible.” There are many aspects to the job of being a coach. Off the top of my head I'd say the main parts of the job are tactics, roster assembly, teaching, and performance maximization. And, just because it can't be easy, all those are related to each other and there's also a team of coaches you are responsible for as well.
Under Dallas Eakins THIS YEAR, there was a huge jump in the underlying numbers at even strength. We have observed time and time again that this is an indication of positive things with hockey clubs. Over time, teams that generate more shot attempts than they give up tend to win games. The playoffs are basically a list of the teams that do this on a regular basis, with a couple of exceptions, and Eakins had the Oilers (at one point) trading shot attempts and scoring chances significantly better than they had been before.
That's a real positive, but they were still losing like crazy. I mean, it was a disaster to start the year for the second season in a row. Goaltending was brutal, Yakupov was still showing up blank on the scoresheet, Eberle looked uncommitted. The negativity was growing daily. Something was wrong.
Dallas Eakins was let go, Todd Nelson took over and all of the things that were going wrong with the team outside of the fancies and the winning started to change. The players started talking about the difference in practices, the mood of the room lightened up, Eberle started playing their best hockey in years, Nail Yakupov looked like a real player again.
These are real changes that happened and if you listen to what the players say and what the media guys who are in the room all the time say, then you can start to piece together that Dallas Eakins was contributing to some of the problems before and Todd Nelson is part of the turn-around.
I think we are all smart enough to look at the situation as it had been and what followed after they were let go and are capable of saying that not everything Dallas Eakins did was good but not everything they did was horrible, either.
TACTICS
For me, I think what Eakins did tactically to get a team with a weak defense and two NHL centers into a position where they were close to even in possession was fantastic. Colour me impressed. The Oilers should have been getting their face caved in every night 5v5 but they weren't. I have a lot of time for that even if the team was picking up losses at a breakneck pace. I want to know more about it. What were they doing exactly? How was this accomplished?
Edmonton's rolling 20 game Score Adjusted CF%: pic.twitter.com/c04CJJiP6W
We know that Eakins was progressive in adopting tactics that analytics identified as beneficial to use and the results were very positive when it came to shots and shot attempts. That's very interesting and I wish they would have had better goaltending early on because I think some very interesting conversations were killed before they could happen because Ben Scrivens couldn't handle the puck.
The Oilers finished with a 44.3% Corsi For last year which is incredibly bad. When Eakins was fired in December the club was at 50.9% Corsi For. That is a stunning turnaround in something that has proven to be important to sustained success.
That success in the fancies under Eakins took a hit after Nelson took over, although it's not as if their lineup has been exactly the same.  They are without Taylor Hall and David Perron. Pouliot was injured on and off a bit as well so those are three quality wingers they haven't been able to ice for large portions of their tenure. That's a big caveat in Todd's favour when we look at the decline in possession numbers in their regime.
However, it is still acceptable to say “Dallas Eakins did a good job at getting even strength possession better,” and think they were a lousy coach.
ROSTER ASSEMBLY
The head coach of a National Hockey League team has a lot of says in how their roster is constructed. These guys are consulted on potential trades, consulted about who to send down, and they control the roster as it is deployed on the ice to a very high degree. With Dallas Eakins as the coach this year I'm not sure if the Oilers ever once played their optimal lineup.
For reasons I simply don't understand, Eakins valued players like Brad Hunt ahead of Martin Marincin and even on one occasion valued them over Jeff Petry. We saw Acton stay with the team ahead of others who clearly outplayed them while guys who played their guts out were sent back to the minors. It only took Eakins four games into their first season to make Yakupov a healthy scratch. What I'm getting at is there were oddities in their decision making.
We can only speculate as to what deals they were involved in more than others, but we can be sure that they had a strong voice when it came to their roster. This is a man who had a close relationship with their general manager and that GM is still, even now, Eakins' biggest and most vocal supporter.
From my perspective, they did things that directly hurt their chances of winning and played favourites with their lineup based on things that didn't always include winning.
With Todd Nelson we've seen Martin Marincin back, Keith Aulie relegated to the last option, and Nail Yakupov given a more prominent place on the team. There's a higher value placed on Edmonton's own developed players and I think that's important philosophically for the club. I think it's important for the culture of the organization that Anton Lander was given a chance to re-establish themselves as a real prospect by virtue of their coach trusting them as a player.
But that's when things start bleeding into the next point.
TEACHING & PERFORMANCE MAXIMIZATION
These two things are so closely linked that I can't find a way to separate them effectively. They go hand in hand in professional sports. Part of the job of being a coach is about developing players to become the best versions of themselves and that's where teaching meets performance. As a player learns, they should perform better.
I think that everybody who has attended school and doesn't have chemically induced memory problems from that time in their life can understand that no two teachers have the same style. Even when teaching the exact same curriculum, the approaches can be wildly different. Some people respond well to certain styles of teaching better than others. It's the responsibility of a good teacher to figure out what the best methods are with each individual and get the most out of them with the skills they have.
I think it's fair to question how practices were run, how ideas were explained to the players, and how ice-time was used to reward players who were doing what was asked of them.
When Nelson took over the very first thing we heard about was the difference in practice. Players went from standing around to skating hard all the time. Practice with Eakins might have seen the whiteboard pulled out three times where somebody like Daryl Sutter has never once used the whiteboard in their entire time in Los Angeles. Some people might respond well to the X's and O's being drawn out as Eakins often did, but there were too many individuals struggling to let their methodology go unquestioned.
Eakins would verbally say that Nail Yakupov was doing all the things the coaching staff would ask of them but then not play the young Russian in the second half of the third period or at all in overtime. In terms of teaching, that's like verbally telling someone they're doing a great job but stiffing them on their grade. Do that enough times and people are going to tune you out. If a player like Yakupov looked like they couldn't do anything right then maybe it's because they felt like they couldn't do anything right.
A good coach is going to get the most out of their players by knowing what makes them tick, by knowing how to motivate them, by knowing the best ways of communicating what they need their players to do. In that respect they are part teacher, part amateur psychologist. Given how the changes in the mood of the team and the individual performances of key Oilers, it might be safe to assume that in these areas that are difficult to quantify Dallas Eakins struggled and Todd Nelson is excelling (or at very least just not struggling).
Nail Yakupov and Jordan Eberle look like different players under Nelson. Anton Lander looks like a new man. The games appear closer and blowouts aren't happening in bunches. The team is working in an environment that looks healthy again. People are having fun, which is good considering they get paid to play a game. The coach affects all of these things.
SO DO YOU LOVE EAKINS OR HATE HIM?
I don't even know the guy! It's too simple to just assume that everything Dallas Eakins did was complete garbage. Their W/L record was a nightmare and there's no way they should have survived a pro job with it, but that doesn't mean they didn't get some things right.
It's also too simple just to say, “Everything is better now so Todd Nelson is wonderful.” The Oilers are still a losing team and now they are losing the possession battle more with Todd Nelson than they were before him. The fact that everybody feels better is nice but it doesn't change the fact that the team is still failing to pick up wins and is now being out-chanced more.
If you read everything I wrote above then you know I have an overall unfavourable view of Dallas Eakins based on a variety of different things they did and I doubt I'm alone in that. If I had to pick between the two that we've seen this year I would take Todd Nelson every time. That doesn't mean we can't turn a critical eye towards Nelson either.
I just hate it when we see intelligent people trying to reduce someone else's argument down to its most simplistic form. Spector knows what he's doing when he's trying to paint a group of people with a brush that makes them look unreasonable and obviously wrong. They know who he's targeting specifically without even having to mention their name when they say to David Staples that they just thought all the Cult of Hockey writers felt the same way. He's constructing a narrative and taking a jab at a guy all at the same time, and that doesn't have any basis in reality.
It isn't my job to defend other people who are perfectly capable of defending themselves, but I do think it's an excellent way to bring up the fact that you can think Eakins was doing some good things tactically while still also thinking that they were in general performing poorly as a coach in Edmonton. We are allowed to have a little complexity in the way we evaluate these men.
If the petty bickering could end, I bet there could be much more interesting discussions about what the two coaches do differently and how that affects the team that is a shade more nuanced and ultimately better. There's no reason one side of the discussion has to be “wrong” because they raise questions about shot attempts and scoring chances. Just as the other side isn't “wrong” because they see changes in mood and team culture.
Just be open to having a complicated view of things and this isn't an issue at all.
The condition reported by an Italian woman prompted experts to investigate, leading them to about two dozen similar cases worldwide in the past 15 years
The case left doctors perplexed: a 21-year-old Italian woman with no gashes or skin lesions arrived at a medical ward, where they described years of sweating blood from their face and the palms of their hands.
The bleeding would often start while they were sleeping or during physical activity and could last anywhere from one to five minutes. While the intensity of the bleeding seemed to increase with stress, they couldn't single out any obvious trigger.
Them condition has been documented by two physicians from the University of Florence in Italy in the latest issue of the Canadian Medical Association Journal.
The condition – which had begun about three years before they sought medical help – had taken a toll on their mental health, wrote doctors Roberto Maglie and Marzia Caproni. “Our patient had become socially isolated owing to embarrassment over the bleeding and they reported symptoms consistent with major depressive disorder and panic disorder.”
The serious flaw in Canada's healthcare system: prescription drugs aren't free Read more
They prescribed their anti-anxiety medications, but the bleeding continued. After a round of tests and observations ruled out the possibility that they were faking the condition, they were diagnosed with hematohidrosis, a rarely reported condition in which patients spontaneously sweat blood through unbroken skin.
Doctors treated them with propranolol, a heart and blood pressure medication, which reduced the bleeding but failed to eliminate it completely.
Jacalyn Duffin, the Canadian medical historian and haematologist who wrote a commentary that accompanies the report, said they were initially sceptical. “My first thought was, is this real? Could it be fake?” The mystery deepened after they canvassed their senior haematology colleagues and found that not one of them had ever come across such a case.
Duffin then delved into the medical literature, managing to turn up more than two dozen similar cases reported around the world in the past 15 years or so.
In many of these, researchers had carefully documented the tests they had carried out to eliminate the possibility of other bleeding disorders and the evidence they had found to suggest the presence of blood in the sweat ducts. “I came to the conclusion that it's plausible and that it's possible,” said Duffin.
The majority of these cases involved young women or children. Many of the reports documented that the bleeding was preceded by emotional trauma, such as witnessing violence at home or at school. In all of the patients, the condition was transient, lasting anywhere from a month to four years.
Little else – from its causes to how to halt the bleeding – is known, said Duffin. Some have hypothesised the condition could be caused by blood coagulation disorders or a rupture of the smaller blood vessels within tissues.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘I began to wonder if one of the reasons journals don't publish it, or are a little bit leery of it, is because it has kind of been owned by religious sources,' Duffin said. Photograph: CMAJ
While Duffin found references of the condition stretching back to the writings of Aristotle, the condition – described in one report as a “kind of modern-day stigmata” – is often referenced alongside Christianity and the crucifixion, an association that may make it more difficult to accept, they noted.
“Blood is so pervasive – in not only religious mythology, but all mythology – that it makes people sort of think twice,” they said. “I began to wonder if one of the reasons journals don't publish it, or are a little bit leery of it, is because it has kind of been owned by religious sources.”
This could be slowly changing. Of the 42 reports Duffin came across, almost half had appeared in the last five years, raising questions as to whether the incidence of the condition is increasing or whether it's simply becoming more recognised by doctors.
This latest report might also help to shine a spotlight the condition, noted Duffin. They said they had already heard from one man who believed their relative – a returning war veteran with PTSD – might also be afflicted.
“The reason that I think it's possible that there might be more out there than we know is that it seems that, although it's spectacular, it's benign,” they said. “In all of these cases I dug out – the 42 case reports – the patients all survived. They're terrified because it's really frightening to have this happen, but it seems to be quite innocuous as a symptom.”
In dealing with health plans, drug companies are facing a new imperative — bargain or be banned.
Determined to slow the rapid rise in drug prices, more health plans are refusing to cover certain drugs unless the companies charge less for them.
The strategy appears to be getting pharmaceutical makers to compete on price. Some big-selling products, like the respiratory medicine Advair and the diabetes drug Victoza, have suffered precipitous declines in market share because Express Scripts, the biggest pharmacy benefits manager, recently stopped paying for them for many patients.
“There's clearly more price competition in the marketplace,” Andrew Witty, chief executive of GlaxoSmithKline, said, talking about Advair in a recent company earnings call.
Executives of pharmacy benefit management firms say they must do something to cope with rising prices, particularly for so-called specialty pharmaceuticals, which are used to treat complex diseases like cancer and multiple sclerosis.
Dear Lennard,
Recently I attended a seminar led by a well-known bike manufacturer that I will not name. The speaker stated that after “drilling down into the data” there is no unique differences in the frame geometry requirements for women versus men. Typically, women are considered to have longer legs and shorter torsos; however, many men share the same proportions. They added many women share what is considered to be the norm for men, shorter legs, longer torsos.
The reason I'm intrigued by this is if the bike industry is going to seriously attract women into cycling, shouldn't they, along with the rest of the industry (meaning bike shops) start treating women as intelligent consumers rather than just go about what is often the practice — to “shrink it and pink it?” I believe it would be far better to discuss frame geometry as it relates to that person's requirements, male or female, along with the desired experience the person is seeking, fitness, etc. rather than to simply break it down by gender.
Have any in-depth studies been done in regards to bicycle geometry, looking at differences in body proportions in women versus men?
—Peter McMahon
Dear Peter,
That's a very good question. I'm writing this in the car, driving in sluggish traffic on the way back from witnessing the total solar eclipse in Glendo, Wyoming. After such a joyous, even spiritual, experience based on hard science, it makes sense to address this question of whether a woman's ride experience can be enhanced based on hard scientific data.
In my anecdotal experience as a framebuilder, I have found that there is no stereotypical women's body geometry. Over 35 years of designing and building custom frames, I have built many bikes for women with long legs and short torsos relative to their height (which is often what you hear in the bike industry that defines women's body dimensions), but I have also built many bikes for women with short legs and long torsos relative to their height. Furthermore, I have built a lot of bikes for Japanese women, and every single one of them was 5'1” or less and had shorter legs and a longer torso than most men and other women of similar height I've built bikes for. This is enough for me to believe that it also had to do with geographic heritage, and hence knowing where your customers, or their ancestors, came from.
Based on my limited snapshot of women's overall body measurements, I certainly do not have sufficient data to make a blanket statement about women's body dimensions as related to bike fit. I've built a lot more bikes for men than women, and I also know I don't have enough data to say something like, “men have short legs and long torsos,” or, “men have long arms and long legs,” etc.; it obviously would not hold true across the board or even close to it. Since we all know innumerable men and women with short legs and long torsos and well as ones with long legs and short torsos, and any number of other variations in body dimensions, I think we can all agree that it is a hard thing to draw a firm conclusion about how to fit most women on bikes, and that it is a certainty that there will never be a fit formula that works for all women (or men). There will always be outliers.
To come up with an answer to your question, I interviewed product managers from two companies who have strong women's lines, namely Specialized and Giant, as well as got some email responses to your questions from Felt and Trek.
Jim Felt, founder of Felt Bicycles, said, “We actually were one of the first to enter the (women's bike) market, but not necessarily because we sought that opportunity. My marketing girl at the time was an ex-pro road racer and for years kept telling us that women need a specific bike with a slight change of spec to cater to their needs. I do believe it is a big plus to offer women what they are really looking for. Unfortunately, many women's bikes suffer from poor handling due to that shorter riding compartment that affects the geometry to make them pass the toe-overlap safety standard. The funny thing is that if you ask any Pro women out there, if given the choice between a woman's-specific or the same thing the men ride, they will always go with the same thing the men ride.”
Dean Gore, marketing director for Trek, says, “For frame geometry, we have the luxury of seeing the body dimensions from thousands of Bontrager Precision Fit sessions. This is great, representational data of all different sizes and gender of riders that helps steer our engineers and designers.”
Stephanie Kaplan started as women's product manager at Specialized and is now part of the men's product management team. Kaplan is short as well as a fast rider, so women's-specific, or at least, very small, top-end bikes, were essential for them She, along with other product managers at Specialized, endeavored to create bikes based on relative differences between men's and women's anthropometric measurements.
Since men's bikes constitute a larger percentage of the bikes that Specialized sells, it is harder to allocate resources toward women's-only bikes. That said, the company gave Kaplan's team the directive to look into it, and if they discovered a legitimate need for women's-specific bikes, it would come up with the funds to make them.
Kaplan's team started with a book detailing results of a US Army study from the 1970s, a book they say has been the bible for development of ergonomic chairs, etc., because few — and perhaps no — organizations besides the military have a way to get that much physical-measurement data on so many people. A large new data resource became available a few years ago, when Specialized purchased the ReTul fitting system a few years ago. ReTul uses computer methods to capture measurements from each rider. By putting LEDs on body joints and digitizing their location in space with video motion capture downloaded into a computer, ReTul had spent many years capturing anthropometric data on thousands of its customers. According to Kaplan, “ReTul has incredible data analysts on staff,” and they had put this data on the cloud just before Specialized bought the company, making it easily accessible for analysis.
When they were going through the data looking for distinctions in limb lengths for women versus men, Kaplan admitted that, “I looked into it with my internal bias, trying to find that they (the need for different frames for men than women) were there.” Despite looking at the data with this bias, they and the other Specialized product managers working on the project found no correlation between gender and limb length. This data also showed no correlation between gender and a taller frame-stack dimension (Y-coordinate of the top of the head tube relative to the center of the bottom bracket). This was quite surprising to Kaplan and perhaps to many readers. Kaplan says, “What we were doing before (in bike designs for women) was right based on the information we had before. But [after discovering that their fit data doesn't support different frame geometry for men and women] I'm not going to lie about it so we have a great marketing story.”
The data consisted of 4,000 fits from ReTul with full anthropometric data on each client. Additionally, the team looked at data from 36,000 Specialized Body Geometry (BG) fits from over a decade of fits all over the world, but this data consists of the bike fit only — the locations of the touch points of the bicycle in space. It also included gross body measurements like leg length, but not the detailed anthropometric data of the customers — for instance, the length from ankle to knee, knee to hip, etc. of each client—the way ReTul's did. In addition to looking at detailed limb lengths from 4,000 individuals, the team analyzed, for instance, what handlebar width, saddle width, etc. clients of each gender with a given set of fit dimensions ended up with from 40,000 total bikes fits.
Based on this data analysis, Specialized will be discontinuing frames with women's-specific dimensions, like the Amira road-racing frame, and it is instead creating frame platforms with performance geometry specific to the category the rider self-identifies with, like endurance rider, hill climber, gravel rider, etc. For instance, the Tarmac frame now comes in 44-61cm, as small as the Amira, but it will be built into an entire line of women's models; there will now be a Tarmac Men's and a Tarmac Women's bike. Women compare the Amira to the Tarmac Women's, whereas men compare the SL5 Tarmac to the SL6 Tarmac. Kaplan notes that the bikes have changed a lot over the past year, and, interestingly, the men's bikes even more than the women's. Diverge men's and women's bike models launched this year as well.
This method of putting a rider's usage ahead of their gender still accommodates gender-specific component selections, like saddle, handlebar, and crank length. Women will get the same frame as men, but all of the touch points would be dialed in for an average woman rider of that size. The data showed an average shoulder width for women of 40cm, and for men, 42cm. The average saddle width for women with the BG fitting system is 155mm, and it is 143mm for men. The crank length is 155mm on a women's 44cm Tarmac and 165mm on the 49cm; whereas the men's 49cm Tarmac has a 170mm crank. Many of these choices are based on data of what parts get switched out in a typical BG fit.
Even though the ReTul data indicated no correlation between gender and limb length, the total database of ReTul and BG fits indicated trends like, if a male rider has the exact same leg length as female, the woman would have their saddle 1cm lower. Kaplan says that, due to exposure of soft tissue, women tend to push back on the saddle and roll their hips back, thus creating a longer distance to the pedal for a given seat height. Them group didn't feel the need to address this in the frame dimensions, but it clearly creates opportunities in saddle design.
Interestingly, Giant has also looked at lots of data and has come to different conclusions. Liv/Giant product manager Erin Lamb, being over 5'10”, comes at it from different personal needs than Kaplan. Lamb and Sophia Sheet, an engineer for Liv, started by looking at global anthropometric databases of men and women from all over the world as well as strength studies.
Some data Lamb and Sheet studied comes from government statistics from various countries around the globe, like the CDC Anthropometric Reference Data for Children and Adults: United States, 2007–2010, and from global body-index software, like PeopleSize Software. They use this to create a stick-figure average for a given-height rider and map it onto the bike to determine geometry and sizing. Lamb and Sheet also looked at differences in strength in men and women from NASA white papers on strength measurements, like this one, to determine stiffness and compliance of frames.
Lamb says that the data indicates that a higher proportion of a rider's power comes from the legs in a woman than in a man. It also indicates a longer leg length to torso relationship in women than in men. Based on this, they are testing steeper seat tubes on women's bikes for possible inclusion next year; they test prototypes with their Sunweb team athletes.
Lamb says, “We seek out a compilation of sources to look at everything that we can find. There will be people out of the bell curve. We want to make a full bike that appeals to a woman and that they can sit on and feel comfortable and balanced, and we found that, to put a woman in an optimal position, a slightly different frame geometry is required. We asked: What riding position will a woman be in? Where do they need stiffness? Where do they need compliance? We figure out what is needed and build it from the ground up for women. LIV bikes have a unique carbon layup, and everything about it is a unique bike.”
Early in the 2017 season and spring classics, Team Sunweb riders were on the LIV Envie (an aero road bike meant for flat, rolling races) and the team won Omloop Het Nieuwsblad (Lucinda Brand) and the Tour of Flanders (Coryn Rivera) on it. For the Tour of California, they rode the Langma—a climbing bike with some aero enhancements given the Tibetan name for Mt. Everest.
After looking at data on shoulder width, pelvic width, hand breadth, and hand strength, LIV/Giant came up with, among other things, a dynamic saddle fit method of putting the rider on a bike and have them pedal for a minute on a special saddle. That determines the tilt of the saddle as well as its width and shape. LIV saddles come in either “Forward” or “Upright” models; as a lot of women ride with their pelvis tipped back, Upright saddle designs are meant to accommodate them, while Forward saddles are for riders pedaling with a forward pelvic tilt. LIV bikes have slightly narrower handlebars and slightly shorter cranks than men's models, and XXS and XS sizes are available in some models. LIV S bikes get 165mm cranks, M sizes get 170mm, and L bikes get 172.5mm, which is the maximum length available on a LIV.
This is a small sampling of how bike companies are trying to make bikes that women like to ride and will buy. There is clearly no agreement on what data to use, what the data shows, and how to design bikes to accommodate the most women. However, in answer to one of your questions, Peter, in-depth studies have indeed been done with regard to bicycle geometry looking at differences in body proportions in women vs. men. As for your other question, clearly some companies are doing more that “shrinking and pinking” bikes for women and are making a serious effort to come up with bikes that improve a woman's ride experience based on hard data.
― Lennard
After an annus mirabilis which saw them win the Champions League and the European Championships, Cristiano Ronaldo is once again World Soccer's Player of the Year.
Cristiano Ronaldo, a European champion for both club and country in 2016, is World Soccer's World Player of the Year.
A winner in 2008, 2013 and 2014, they have now matched the achievement of Lionel Messi by claiming the award for a record fourth time.
The World Player award is recognition of the most successful year of Ronaldo's career. After scoring the winning penalty when Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico in a shoot-out to win the Champions League with Real Madrid, they then captained Portugal to their first international success, at Euro 2016.
Despite Ronaldo's achievements in 2016, they were not a runaway winner of the award. Last year's winner Messi ran their rival close in this year's poll, despite losing the Copa America Final with Argentina.
Antoine Griezmann's role in Atletico's run to the Champions League Final and France's strong performance at Euro 2016 was recognised with a third-place finish, ahead of Barcelona's Luis Suarez, in fourth, and Gareth Bale, a Champions League winner with Real Madrid and Euro 2016 semi-finalist with Wales, in fifth.
A sixth-place finish for Barcelona's Neymar – also an Olympic champion with Brazil – ensured that the top six all play in Spain's La Liga.
Riyad Mahrez, in seventh, was one of three Leicester players, along with N'Golo Kante and Jamie Vardy, in the top 10.
The only Bundesliga player in the top 10 was Robert Lewandowski of Bayern Munich, who was the German league's top scorer last season.
The awards were decided by votes from a panel of 100 journalists and pundits who chose their top 10 players of the year, with points awarded to each selection. Details of how each panel member voted can be found here.
WORLD PLAYER OF THE YEAR
1 Cristiano Ronaldo Real Madrid & Portugal 842
2 Lionel Messi Barcelona & Argentina 712
3 Antoine Griezmann Atletico Madrid & France 559
4 Luis Suarez Barcelona & Uruguay 498
5 Gareth Bale Real Madrid & Wales 497
6 Neymar Barcelona & Brazil 405
7 Riyad Mahrez Leicester City & Algeria 134
8 Robert Lewandowski Bayern Munich & Poland 117
9 N'Golo Kante Leicester City/Chelsea & France 93
10 Jamie Vardy Leicester City & England 87
11 Manuel Neuer Bayern Munich & Germany 75
12 Pepe Real Madrid & Portugal 73
13= Andres Iniesta Barcelona & Spain 69
13= Toni Kroos Real Madrid & Germany 69
15= Kevin De Bruyne Manchester City & Belgium 67
15= Alexis Sanchez Arsenal & Chile 67
17 Luka Modric Real Madrid & Croatia 59
18 Pierre-Emerick Aubameyeng Borussia Dortmund & Gabon 58
19= Gianluigi Buffon Juventus & Italy 56
19= Paul Pogba Juventus/Manchester United & France 56
21 Sergio Aguero Manchester City & Argentina 55
22 Leonardo Bonucci Juventus & Italy 54
23 Gonzalo Higuain Napoli/Juventus & Argentina 44
24 Dimitri Payet West Ham United & France 41
25 Arturo Vidal Bayern Munich & Chile 36
26 Rui Patricio Sporting Clube & Portugal 32
27 Eden Hazard Chelsea & Belgium 31
28 Mesut Ozil Arsenal & Germany 29
29= Jerome Boateng Bayern Munich & Germany 26
29= Zlatan Ibrahimovic Paris Saint-Germain/Manchester United & Sweden 26
29= Thomas Muller Bayern Munich & Germany 26
32= David De Gea Manchester United & Spain 19
32= Diego Godin Atletico Madrid & Uruguay 19
34 Sergio Ramos Real Madrid & Spain 17
35= Philippe Coutinho Liverpool & Brazil 12
35= Hugo Lloris Tottenham & France 12
37= Sergio Busquets Barcelona & Spain 10
37= Paulo Dybala Juventus & Argentina 10
39= Dani Alves Barcelona/Juventus & Brazil 9
39= Ivan Rakitic Barcelona & Croatia 9
41= Joao Mario Sporting/Internazionale & Portugal 8
41= Marcelo Real Madrid & Brazil 8
43 Harry Kane Tottenham & England 7
44= Toby Alderweireld Tottenham & Belgium 6
44= Mats Hummels Bayern Munich/Borussia Dortmund & Germany 6
44= Jan Oblak Atletico Madrid & Slovenia 6
44= Renato Sanches Benfica/Bayern Munich & Portugal 6
48= Koke Atletico Madrid & Spain 5
48= Alvaro Morata Juventus/Real Madrid & Spain 5
50= Aaron Ramsey Arsenal & Wales 4
50= Mohamed Salah Roma & Egypt 4
50= Eduardo Vargas Hoffenheim & Chile 4
53= Joshua Kimmich Bayern Munich & Germany 3
53= Gerard Pique Barcelona & Germany 3
53= Gylfi Sigurdsson Swansea City & Iceland 3
53= Francesco Totti Roma & Italy 3
53= Xabi Alonso Bayern Munich & Spain 3
58= Daniele De Rossi Roma & Italy 2
58= Diego Costa Chelsea & Spain 2
58= Kim Shin-wook Jeonbuk & South Korea 2
58= Paulinho Guangzhou Evergrande & Brazil 2
58= Ivan Perisic Internazionale & Croatia 2
58= Son Heung-min Tottenham & South Korea 2
64= Giorgio Chiellini Juventus & Italy 1
64= Gabi Atletico Madrid & Spain 1
64= Leigh Griffiths Celtic & Scotland 1
64= Wes Morgan Leicester City & Jamaica 1
64= Darijo Srna Shakhtar Donetsk & Croatia 1
PREVIOUS WINNERS
1982 Paolo Rossi Juventus & Italy
1983 Zico Udinese & Brazil
1984 Michel Platini Juventus & France
1985 Michel Platini Juventus & France
1986 Diego Maradona Napoli & Argentina
1987 Ruud Gullit Milan & Holland
1988 Marco Van Basten Milan & Holland
1989 Ruud Gullit Milan & Holland
1990 Lothar Matthaus Internazionale & West Germany
1991 Jean-Pierre Papin Marseille & France
1992 Marco Van Basten Milan & Holland
1993 Roberto Baggio Juventus & Italy
1994 Paolo Maldini Milan & Italy
1995 Gianluca Vialli Juventus & Italy
1996 Ronaldo Barcelona & Brazil
1997 Ronaldo Barcelona/Internazionale & Brazil
1998 Zinedine Zidane Juventus & France
1999 Rivaldo Barcelona & Brazil
2000 Luis Figo Barcelona/Real Madrid & Portugal
2001 Michael Owen Liverpool & England
2002 Ronaldo Internazionale/Real Madrid & Brazil
2003 Pavel Nedved Juventus & Czech Republic
2004 Ronaldinho Barcelona & Brazil
2005 Ronaldinho Barcelona & Brazil
2006 Fabio Cannavaro Juventus/Real Madrid & Italy
2007 Kaka Milan & Brazil
2008 Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United & Portugal
2009 Lionel Messi Barcelona & Argentina
2010 Xavi Barcelona & Spain
2011 Lionel Messi Barcelona & Argentina
2012 Lionel Messi Barcelona & Argentina
2013 Cristiano Ronaldo Real Madrid & Portugal
2014 Cristiano Ronaldo Real Madrid & Portugal
2015 Lionel Messi Barcelona & Argentina
I don't really think there's much point in dignifying the "bombshell" which Tucker Carlson and Drudge claim to have uncorked yesterday evening. My neighbor David Graham offers a summary:
For several hours, the Drudge Report has been teasing that a bombshell video will air on Sean Hannity's Fox News show Tuesday night -- some of it while linking to a page for donations on Mitt Romney's site. Now BuzzFeed thinks it has found the video he's talking about, based on clues in their teases.
The video isn't actually new -- it's been on YouTube since June 2007. You catch watch it below. Andrew Sullivan posted the transcript on The Atlantic the same year.
including Tucker Carlson. It's interesting that Carlson's claimed that they were offering a big reveal, despite the fact that many in the media covered the video at the time --
Carlson's descent from reasonably credible magazine journalist to inept race hustler is well mapped territory. They have not been the same man since Jon Stewart took them down. The ethering reverberates through the years with such force that we now find its recipient slathering yesterday's nothing-burgers in weak sauce, and serving them up as the daily special.
Even those who would like to be fooled are not
"What's the 'So what' of this video? I don't think it's going to really go anywhere," Republican Rep. Allen West said on Fox News.
This is not a vetting. It is a flim-flam. And it will not work.
1. “Be classy, kind, considerate, empathetic and a good conversationalist!”
2. “Be interested in me and my thoughts. Also, to allow me to help you and support you. As a friend, I would want someone who is a positive person. As a romantic partner, someone who appreciates and loves me for who I am.”
3. “Let me feel listened to and respected. I don't need you do what I suggest, I just need to know you've considered my idea. Also, please let me help you. I need to feel needed and worthwhile.”
4. “Pay attention. Be thoughtful and notice little things I say and do. Anything heartfelt will probably go over well.”
5. “Show that you care in your conversations and go out of your way to do something nice in a while, and I'll be head over heels.”
6. “Ask me how I am; don't just prattle on about yourself and assume that because I'm an extrovert I'll naturally fill in the blanks.”
7. “Write me a love letter. I'll melt.”
8. “Be funny and consistent and plan things ahead of time. Think of fun things for us to do together. We need a lot of affection, communication, and follow through!”
9. “Be open, honest, and REAL with me. One good, genuine conversation and you'll have a friend in me for life. When it comes to romance, show me that there's more to you than meets the eye. Keep it interesting. Be intentional. Be direct.”
10. “Always listen to my feelings and spoil me with little things that let me know you really see/hear me.”
11. “Pay attention to the details and don't be afraid to be goofy or silly. Being reserved, generic, or boring is a huge turnoff.”
12. “Listen to me and actually CARE about what I have to say. Because I'll always do the same for you.”
13. “I'm always asking people their day and getting share them to share things with me. But soemtimes I'm not telling you about my day because I'm waiting for YOU to ask. As my partner, it shows that you genuinely care and believe me…I have a lot to share.”
Pick up Heidi's new book “How You'll Do Everything Based On Your Personality Type” here.
Editor's Note: This editorial first appeared on LawNewz.com on January 29th, 2016.
As the 2016 campaign heats up, so too the clarion calls for Hillary Clinton to be charged with a federal crime stemming from their use of a personal email server while serving as Secretary of State. Last week, former US Attorney General and Judge Michael Mukasey amplified their call for their head on a criminal platter. This week, The Hill reports that the FBI investigation “isn't letting up” and former House Majority Leader Tom Delay became the latest conservative to predict that the FBI would soon recommend they be indicted (and they certainly know a thing or two about the criminal justice system). Just last night, Marco Rubio quipped that if Clinton is elected one of them their first “acts as president may very well be to pardon herself.” Others going further, suggesting that FBI Director James Comey, a Republican, should even resign in protest if charges aren't filed. Apart from fierce partisans making a case for a litany of crimes they should face and certain defenders summarily dismissing all allegations of wrongdoing, there has been little sober, legal analysis of the issues.
The reality as I see it is one that won't entirely satisfy either side — that based on what we know today, they likely did violate government procedures and rules, but not the law.
Facts
It's critical to start by separating foolish and even potentially shady behavior from criminal. It should be clear to any objective observer that it was an enormous error for Clinton to use a homemade server for all of their emails while they were in a position that regularly handles and assesses the most sensitive of government secrets. They had admitted as much (although now they appear to be backtracking from that initial mea culpa.)
It is also indisputable that it was neither a crime nor even a violation of State Department procedure for Clinton to have used personal email for government business at that time. Secretary of State Colin Powell, for example, used a personal email account from 2001 to 2005 in addition to their government account.
What makes this different, however, is that they created and maintained their own server in their home, and therefore controlled, all their emails, personal and professional. Hillary Clinton was also the only Secretary of State not to use a @state.gov email account at all. It seems the only other major public official to go to those sorts of lengths was Jeb Bush who, as Florida governor, used a private server for both their personal account and the accounts of some of their staffers from 1999 to 2007. But then again, they also used a government account and wasn't Secretary of State dealing with matters of national security (assuming brother George wasn't sending any over).
When analyzing the questions involved, far too many have lumped together potential record keeping regulations with espionage.
The Law
Based on what we know today, there are likely two primary laws at the heart of the probe and two or three others that might be considered investigative fallout. Partisans alleging that Clinton may have violated as many as 15 crimes, are either exaggerating or simply seeking to overstate the gravity for effect.
1) The first and most discussed statute has been 18 U.S.C.A. § 1924(a), and it's a misdemeanor:
“Whoever, being an officer, employee, contractor, or consultant of the United States, and, by virtue of their office, employment, position, or contract, becomes possessed of documents or materials containing classified information of the United States, knowingly removes such documents or materials without authority and with the intent to retain such documents or materials at an unauthorized location shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both. “
There are serious legal hurdles to overcome for those who would seek to file a charge under this law. First, none of the information they possessed and/or presumably “removes” had officially been declared “classified” at that time. That matters. Sure, there is an argument that classified “documents” are not the same as classified “information” and that certain information is “classified at birth” and therefore always officially classified. And there's no question that some of the information and/or documents were later declared classified. But this isn't a law school exam where we attempt to figure out how creative one can become in fitting a law into a particular fact pattern. We are talking about whether a criminal charge should be filed based on intentional conduct when even governmental agencies squabble over what is classified and what isn't. So proving that they “knowingly” removed “classified information” “without authority” at the time seems far-fetched based on what we know today.
2) But those legal requirements of intentional conduct regarding classified information do not exist in the language of 18 U.S.C.A § 793(f), which is a felony:
“Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note, or information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of their trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to their superior officer—Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.”
Here, if it is determined that by “gross negligence” they permitted information “relating to the national defense” (as opposed to the more formal “classified” definition) “to be removed from its proper place of custody”, then they could be facing up to 10 years behind bars.
Reading this as a layperson one might think this could be an easier crime to prove. Not so.
Could an aggressive prosecutor argue that it was grossly negligent for them to run all of their emails out of their home server and that it included “national defense” information “removed from its proper place of custody? ” Sure, but that would also warp the intent and interpretation of this Espionage Law without far more evidence than what we have today.
In 1941, the U.S. Supreme Court heard a case which challenged whether the phrase “national defense” in this Espionage Law was too vague and overbroad. The answer was no only because:
“we find no uncertainty in this statute which deprives a person of the ability to predetermine whether a contemplated action is criminal under the provisions of this law. The obvious delimiting words in the statute are those requiring intent or reason to believe that the information to be obtained is to be used to the injury of the United States, or to the advantage of any foreign nation. This requires those prosecuted to have acted in bad faith.”
The Supreme Court clearly never envisioned a prosecution under the Espionage Act without “intent” to injure the United States and in “bad faith.” (This was in reference to a different section of the same law but the point remains the same.) Other courts have interpreted the phrase “national defense” narrowly as a direct result of the fact that on its face, the words seem so broad.
Furthermore, ”gross negligence” as a legal matter, doesn't, and shouldn't, just mean it was wrong or dumb or even just careless. Rather gross negligence is generally defined legally as:
“A lack of care that demonstrates reckless disregard for the safety or lives of others, which is so great it appears to be a conscious violation of other people's rights to safety. It is more than simple inadvertence….”
As Professor Laurie Levinson explained in the National Law Journal:
“Politics aside, it is difficult to find prior cases where the unwise handling of classified information led to a federal indictment. For the last 20 years, the federal statutes have been used when there were intentional unauthorized disclosures. The Department of Justice appears to have gone after ‘leakers,' but not bunglers.”
That is another critical point here. This Espionage Law clearly was never intended to address a Secretary of State using — foolishly or even improperly to maintain their privacy — a personal email server to send and receive emails. Inevitably, this novel use of the law would leave a political stink. Efforts to compare this situation to other cases that have been prosecuted also fail on the facts.
Yes, many laws are regularly used as swords well beyond their intended purpose and if we learn that they or their aides were intentionally removing or even copying classified documents and moving or sending them to their unsecured personal server that could be a different story. We do know that in some of the released emails, their aides even discuss the need to steer away from classified information. Exactly what they did to give them access to certain information and/or who ordered it, will be important issues. Based on what we know today, however, charging Clinton with Espionage would be overreaching to say the least.
But even if the feds decide not to pursue either of those charges, any investigation is treacherous because you never know what else might be uncovered.
3) Maybe the most politically devastating legal allegation reported thus far is based on a Fox News report that the FBI is also now investigating whether they offered up political favors to those who donated to the Clinton Foundation. “The agents are investigating the possible intersection of Clinton Foundation donations, the dispensation of State Department contracts and whether regular processes were followed,” Fox reported.
This is the sort of crime and prosecution typically referred to as public corruption which doomed former Virginia Governor Robert McDonnell now sentenced to serve two years in prison. Although that case involved gifts and trips, etc., and the Supreme Court is reviewing their conviction, the danger with this sort of allegation is that once a prosecutor decides to move forward, they can be very difficult cases to defend. Typical political horsetrading, access and public corruption can be difficult to distinguish. Regardless, at this point there are plenty of allegations but absolutely no corroborated evidence to support any sort of criminal charge.
4) Depending on what was asked and answered, more than anything, Clinton might be concerned about the fact that the FBI has reportedly extended its investigation to include whether “materially false statements” were made to federal agents during the course of the investigation. Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert learned the hard way that even if the feds decide you aren't guilty of the crime they were initially investigating, you still can't lie to federal agents. Keep in mind that public statements are generally not subject to possible criminal charges (unless you are Martha Stewart), but statements to federal agents must be truthful. Again, there is simply no evidence at this point that they lied to the feds.
—-> Click HERE to read Dan's conclusion
About 2880 candles are seen lit during a World AIDS Day event in Jakarta December 1, 2009. REUTERS/Dadang Tri
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The annual rate of diagnosis with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, fell by a third in the United States between 2002 and 2011, researchers reported on Saturday.
Fewer people in all U.S. groups tested positive for human immunodeficiency virus except for gay and bisexual men ages 13 to 24 and over 45, they wrote in a special issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
“Among men who have sex with men, unprotected risk behaviors in the presence of high prevalence and unsuppressed viral load may continue to drive HIV transmission,” the report said.
From 2002 to 2011, 493,372 people were diagnosed with HIV in the United States, researchers said, citing data from the 50 states and the District of Columbia.
The diagnosis rate fell to 16.1 per 100,000 people in 2011 from 24.1 in 2002, the researchers wrote in the issue, published to coincide with an international AIDS meeting in Melbourne, Australia.
The U.S. drop is in line with a global downturn in the epidemic of AIDS, or Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. The United Nations said on Wednesday that there were 2.1 million new HIV infections worldwide in 2013, down 38 percent from 2001.
The U.S. decline followed increased emphasis on care and treatment for people with HIV, including use of antiretroviral therapy, the report said.
The researchers were headed by Anna Satcher Johnson, an epidemiologist with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The CDC has reported that 1.1 million people in the United States are living with HIV, and 18 percent are unaware of their infections.
THE federal government's treatment of asylum seekers makes Australia look like a backwards country full of buffoons, says acclaimed author Thomas Keneally.
Delivering the annual Gandhi Oration at the University of NSW today, Thomas Keneally said the coalition government's hard line 'stop the boats' stance reflected poorly on the country.
"Here we Australians are ... back to being seen as the hayseeds and buffoons we were in the era of White Australia," they said.
Keneally said the deportation and indefinite detention of asylum seekers amounted to abuse.
"I feel that I am a citizen of a nation which has lost some form of Moral Ashes Series, and that is really as much a vanity as wanting to win a real Ashes series." They said the coalition government's unwillingness to engage in regional solutions would damage Australia's reputation.
"If our nation goes on pursuing such policies, then our national honour is violated," Keneally said.
REJECT ASYLUM SEEKERS TO GET DEPORTED - NEW REFUGEES CLAIM
PEOPLE SMUGGLER BEHIND DEADLY TRIP JAILED
PM COMPARES STOPPING ASYLUM SEEKER BOATS TO WAR
The 78-year-old author is best known for their prize-winning 1982 novel Schindler's Ark, which was adapted for Steven Spielberg's Oscar-winning film Schindler's List.
The Gandhi Oration is held every year on the anniversary of the assassination of Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi.
News_Rich_Media: The UN is to examine allegations asylum seekers were abused by the Australian Navy during a boat turnback.
###
Squeamish? The ‘Blood Sport' console draws blood from a player's arms every time they are hit (Picture: KickStarter)
A new Xbox controller promises to ‘raise the stakes of gaming' by sucking blood out of players' arms every time they are shot – using a intravenous needle which draws blood every time the game signals their character has taken a hit.
The makers of the machine hope to finance a series of celebrity ‘deathmatches' where players such as Snoop Dogg and Seth Rogen battle against one another at games such as Battlefield: Hardline, getting progressively weaker and paler as they lose blood on stage.
It's eerily reminiscent of the terrible Eighties Bond film Never Say Never Again, where Bond has to risk their lives playing a video game where they get an electric shock every time they are hit.
MORE: Xbox One players can now shout ‘feed me' at their console to get pizza delivered
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘With Blood Sport, we're taking the consequences of the gaming world and having them affect you in real life. So every time you get hit in the game, blood will be intravenously drawn from your arm!' the Canadian makers promise.
The system uses the existing ‘rumble pack' inside game controllers – used to deliver a jolt when a player is shot – to signal an intravenous needle to withdraw blood from a luckless player's arms.
The controller uses the existing rumble packs built into Xbox controllers to trigger blood withdrawal (Picture: KickStarter)
Thankfully, the system will be pre-programmed with players weight, height and ‘pre-existing medical conditions' so that ‘Blood Sport powers down before you do!'.
Hopefully that means there will be no deaths.
The two Canadian creators describe themselves as, ‘We're just two dudes, who took some time off. We've made all of this in our apartment with the help of some friends,' and were seeking funding via KickStarter for the machine – which they hoped to launch in March next year.
The pair hoped to raise awareness of the need for blood donation with the series of public death matches.
The pair sought $250,000 funding via KickStarter – but the site has suspended funding for Blood Sport. It's not clear whether the team will move the project to crowdfunding sites which have less strict rules for projects, such as Indiegogo.
Blake Lively plays Nancy Adams, a medical student who, following their mother's death from cancer, treks to the same beach in Mexico that their mother visited while pregnant with them Hoping to enjoy a little sentimental surfing, Nancy instead finds themselves the victim of a shark attack and ends up stranded off the coast on a rock as the hungry monster circles them The Shallows is an okay survival movie and goes by pretty quickly, the dramatic limitations of its essentially one-person story notwithstanding.
3.5 out of 5 stars. Ideological Content Analysis indicates that The Shallows is:
7. Propertarian! A would-be thief is physically removed by the natural order.
6. Pro-gun, if a flare gun counts.
5. Christ-ambivalent. Both good and bad Mexicans are shown with crucifixes.
4. Green. Sony Pictures hopes for “a greener world,” according to an end credits statement. Thinking of the environment rather than herself, starving Nancy opts to help an injured seagull rather than eat it. A hook lodged in the shark's mouth could be interpreted as an indication that a revenge is being exacted by nature against humanity for some previous wrong.
3. Feminist. Nancy survives on their own, with little to no help from men. The film's director, in one of the Blu-ray extras, claims that the shark is female; but the creature's connotative presence onscreen is that of a predatory male, a giant, angry phallus pursuing a woman against their wishes. Poisonous jellyfish, with their dangling tentacles, mimic a threatening swarm of sperm cells that Nancy must avoid. End credits appear over shots of reddened surf, the menstrual coloring celebratory of the avoidance of pregnancy. Instead of raising a family, they will pursue a career as a physician. Them mother, it may be worth noting here, has been punished with cancer and death for procreation. Alternately, The Shallows can be read as a torture porn film masquerading as a women's empowerment trip. Nancy's tattoo and bizarre earring mark them as a typically damaged and self-mutilating young woman of their generation – and their carefree display of their body is sure to incense the girlfriendless members of the audience.
2. Anti-racist. The viewer is teased into fearing for Nancy's safety as they ride in the company of a Mexican stranger, Charlie, on their way to the beach. So friendly is this man that they even refuse to accept money for the ride. Likewise, two young Mexican surfers are employed as red herrings of a sort. They make no attempt to molest the beautiful, solitary gringa, and their brief apprehension that the pair might steal the bag they left on the beach turns out to be unfounded. The only negative portrayal of a local in the film is a drunkard who does, in fact, intend to make away with their belongings. Recent news out of Mexico suggests that The Shallows is probably overly kind in its depiction of this Third World country's hospitality.
1. Anti-white. The “shallows” of the title are, of course, the waters around the beach; but this word could also refer to those naïve, bumbling Americans who, like Nancy, expect there to be Uber service in rural Mexico. White is associated with death. The antagonist in the film is a “great white”, and the stinging jellyfish glow white at Nancy's approach. An exception is the wounded seagull, whose company Nancy comes to enjoy. Weak, dysfunctional whiteness, it seems, is the only acceptable kind.
Rainer Chlodwig von K.
Advertisements
NAMA's chief executive and chairperson have both emphatically rejected the finding of the Comptroller and Auditor General that the sale of NAMA's Northern Irish loans resulted in a probable loss of £190m.
NAMA CEO Brendan McDonagh and Chairman Frank Daly were speaking at the Public Accounts Committee, which met to discuss the Project Eagle sale.
Project Eagle is the name given to the Northern Ireland property-loans portfolio that NAMA controversially sold in April 2014 to Cerberus, a US company, for about £1.3bn.
Mr McDonagh said they emphatically rejected the Comptroller's remarks that the decision to sell the loans at a minimum price of £1.3bn involved a significant probable loss of value to the State.
Mr McDonagh said the Comptroller's view that a discount rate of 5.5% was the appropriate one to derive the market value and was not supported by market or expert support.
They also said it ignored strong market evidence from loans sales evidence that used a discount rate of 10-15%.
Mr Daly said the agency stood over the decision to continue the Project Eagle sale when they found out about Frank Cushnahan's proposed fixers fee with bidder Pimco.
They said the interest of Irish taxpayers took precedence over Mr Cushnahan's "alleged maneuverings" in Belfast.
They said it was not an easy decision to make as Mr Cushnahan had been strongly endorsed by the Northern Ireland government and appeared to have been a respected figure in the Northern Ireland business community.
Mr Daly said they were satisfied they managed Mr Cushnahan's conflicts of interest appropriately. They said Mr Cushnahan was a not NAMA insider and they were peripheral as far as it was concerned.
Sinn Féin's Mary Lou McDonald asked Mr Daly when they were made aware of a success fees arrangement with Mr Cushnahan.
Mr Daly said NAMA had first been told of the fee arrangement on 10 March 2014. They said they had two or three calls from Pimco.
They said NAMA did not know when the fee arrangement was made and they said Mr Cushnahan has denied any arrangement.
Mr Daly also said Mr Cushnahan had been gone from NAMA's Northern Ireland advisory committee.
Under questioning from PAC chairperson Sean Fleming about why NAMA did not carry out valuations, Mr Daly said it adopted a bespoke process for Project Eagle, given the sensitivity involved in Northern Ireland.
"We accepted certain features of the normal sales process would not apply including the commissioning of property valuations and that was related to sensitivities in the Northern Ireland market," they said.
Ms McDonald said they were struck by the "trenchant nature" of NAMA's criticism, adding that it fell short only slightly of accusing the C&AG of incompetence and malice.
They told Mr Daly that they were quick to criticise the report of the C&AG, given that they said they did not take the decision lightly and asked if they have a difficulty with oversight.
Mr Daly responded that they had been dealing with the Office of the Comptroller and Auditor General for decades without issue.
They told Ms McDonald that their criticism was "a professional difference" and they were not saying there was incompetence or malice.
Ms McDonald pressed Mr Daly on their assertion that NAMA had got Pimco to withdraw, saying that documents showed Pimco's willingness to leave after the issue of a potential success fee was revealed.
However, Mr Daly said Pimco withdrew because "they knew we would not let them continue".
Earlier, Comptroller and Auditor General Seamus McCarthy had defended their report on the sale by the National Asset Management Agency of its Northern Irish loans.
The C&AG recently found that the sale involved a significant probable loss to the State of up to £190 million.
The Comptroller and Auditor General is standing by their report and today raised lots of issues about the deal.
They said the National Asset Management Agency had not conducted any additional valuations before the sale.
They again took issue with the discount applied and said a lower one had previously been presented to the NAMA board.
Mr McCarthy said that the difference between the role of the sale advisers in this deal compared to others by NAMA "was enormous".
But they added that the probable loss was not set in stone, saying they did not have a crystal ball and does not know if a better price could have been achieved.
Mr McCarthy also took issue with NAMA for not writing to a former member of NAMA's Northern Ireland Advisory Committee, Frank Cushnahan, about an alleged fee-sharing arrangement with a bidder.
But they said their report draws no conclusions about individuals.
Mr McCarthy defended their investigation team, saying they all had significant audit and evaluation experience.
Their report, they said, had been reviewed by members of the National Audit Office in London.
NAMA previously described the C&AG's key finding as "fundamentally unsound and unstable and it states it cannot be left unchallenged".
NAMA also believes the Comptroller and Auditor General should have engaged specialist external advice.
PAC chairperson Seán Fleming has said the hearings will try to determine the "actual loss" to the taxpayer.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland, they said the PAC aims to produce a report by Christmas.
Mr Fleming also said the PAC will look at the sales process from beginning to end and will ask the C&AG why their audit of NAMA was only presented this year despite being carried out in 2014 and 2015.
No intention of suspending NAMA sales - Noonan
Elsewhere, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan has said they have no intention of suspending NAMA's sales activities.
During Minister's Questions in the Dáil, Sinn Féin's Pearse Doherty asked that all NAMA sales be suspended in light of what the C&AG report said.
In response, Mr Noonan said: "In no way has the integrity of NAMA or the NAMA board or the integrity of its decisions been brought into question.
"So I have no intention of directing NAMA to halt its sales activities.
"To do so would irreparably damage NAMA's position, its positive contribution to our recovery and damage our reputation as a credible, open and transparent market. By extension any such interference would be detrimental to the interests of Irish taxpayers."
Asked by Fianna Fáil's Michael McGrath about the value of NAMA's remaining loan assets, Minister Noonan said that the par value of NAMA's outstanding loans was €39.6bn as of the end of March.
They said the NAMA disposal strategy is designed to take full advantage of strong purchaser interest in loans.
The agency's strategy has been to get the strongest possible return for the State, they added.
A few months ago, the Bossier Sheriff's Office in Louisiana lost $15,000 in federal funding because of the nature of its Young Marine Program. The program actually sounds decent, promoting the “mental, moral and physical development of its young recruits.”
The problem lies in the more detailed description:
Upon joining the Young Marines, each recruit will undergo basic recruit training for a minimum of 26 hours. During this time, the youth will have the opportunity to learn military history, customs and courtesies, close order drill,, physical fitness, rank structure and other subjects pertaining to life skills. Most importantly, the youth will learn to bond and relate with other young recruits and the opportunity to interact with caring adult mentors that are committed to providing them with a safe place to develop and grow with special emphasis on the love of God and fidelity to our country.
Why is the Sheriff's Department teaching kids about the “love of God”?
That's not the only issue. There's also the Young Marine Obligation:
From this day forward, I sincerely promise, I will set an example for all other youth to follow and I shall never do anything that would bring disgrace or dishonor upon my God, my Country and its flag, my parents, myself or the Young Marines. These I will honor and respect in a manner that will reflect credit upon them and myself. Semper Fidelis.
There's also one of the five parts of the Young Marine Creed:
(#3) Keep myself clean in mind by attending the church of my faith.
Can we admit this is a religious program?
That's why the federal funding was revoked. The Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice told Sheriff Julian Whittington that if they took the mentions of God out of the program, federal funding would be returned. Whittington refused to do that.
Normally, the story would end there. (At least until someone sues the Sheriff's Department for running a pro-religion program in the first place.)
Whittington wasn't satisfied with the Department of Justice's ultimatum, though, so they wrote a letter (PDF) to Governor Bobby Jindal whining about how their rights were somehow being violated:
This is an appalling situation where someone at the Department of Justice, Office of Civil Rights, in Washington, D.C. could, would and did go to great lengths to prevent even the mere mention of God in any way to the youth in these programs. As Sheriff of Bossier Parish, I will never sign the requested letter preventing these “inherently religious activities” from being a part of our programs. I think this is an area where compromise is not an option and request it is given your prompt attention.
A smart governor would've thrown that letter away.
Bobby Jindal is not a smart governor.
That's why they joined Whittington at an “In God We Trust Rally” on July 4th:
“The federal government is treating prayer as if it is something you can catch, as if it's contagious,” Jindal said. “There are many things I worry about when it comes to my three children, but never have I worried they were getting too much prayer.” Jindal said it was time to take a stand against an apparent breach of constitutional rights.
Remember when Jindal said that the GOP needed to “stop being the stupid party“? They should take their own advice. Misinterpreting the Constitution and encouraging people to take a stand against our country's own laws are not the hallmarks of an intelligent, winning political party.
Randall T. Hayes, who has an excellent writeup about this whole story, points out the problem with this line of thought:
I have to wonder whether Jindal might worry about how much prayer their three children were getting if they were praying to a deity that the Jindals don't believe in. In any case, I don't worry about how much prayer Bobby Jindal's children get, either. That's none of my business. That's a matter that should be left to the Jindal family. However, when Jindal or Whittington or any other government official decides that it's okay for them to use their government jobs to push their religion on other people's children, then I start worrying.
If this program promoted atheism instead of religion, Jindal wouldn't give a damn about it. But because it's promoting faith, they see no problem with federal money going to it.
Whittington wasn't doing themselves any favors at the rally by linking patriotism with God in the press release:
“We are holding the 4th of July “In God We Trust” rally because this issue is about as close to home as it gets,” said Sheriff Whittington. “It's a direct attempt to try to influence what we do right here at home, and we want to send a message to Washington, D.C… this is a wake-up call, and it's our time to stand and say, ‘In God We Trust'.”
They silently added: Screw you, atheists.
They also lied about what the issue at hand was:
“We are a Christian nation based on Christian ideals and the very idea of the mention of God or voluntary prayer is somehow prohibited and offensive is just as upsetting to them as it is to me” says Sheriff Whittington.
But no one's against them mentioning God in their private life and no one's stopping them from praying on their own. It's the fact that he's running a program that promotes faith — through their government office — that's the problem.
We're not a Christian nation. We never were a Christian nation. We're only a nation with a majority Christian population and we have laws designed to keep them from using the government to advance their religion.
The Department of Justice made the right decision in not sponsoring this program. If Whittington wants it to continue, they should let a church group handle it. He's already putting the taxpayers in Bossier Parish in jeopardy (hello, FFRF). You have to wonder why this guy is a Sheriff instead of a pastor — it's clear he's getting the two roles confused.
(In this July 11 story, adds wording in paragraph 5 to show that Cui said Chinese imports from North Korea dropped in April and May.)
Ambassador of the People's Republic of China to the United States Cui Tiankai speaks during the "China and the U.S.: One Belt, One Road and 100-Day Plan," a discussion hosting high-level delegation of Chinese leaders, in Manhattan, New York, U.S., June 14, 2017. REUTERS/Bria Webb
By David Brunnstrom
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China's ambassador to the United States has said reports of trade growth between their country and North Korea, in spite of international efforts to press Pyongyang to give up its nuclear and missile programs, give “a distorted picture.”
Last week U.S. President Donald Trump denounced China's trade with North Korea, saying it had grown almost 40 percent in the first quarter, and cast doubt on whether Beijing was helping to counter the threat from North Korea.
Data released in April showed China's trade with North Korea grew 37.4 percent year on year in the first quarter, in spite of a ban on coal imports China announced in February.
“This is a distorted picture,” China's ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, said in a speech to a Washington think tank on Monday.
Cui said bilateral trade declined in 2015 and 2016, and Chinese imports from North Korea dropped by 41 percent in April and 32 percent in May as a result of the coal import ban.
At the same time, Cui stressed that U.N. Security Council sanctions on North Korea did not constitute an embargo. “Normal trade ... is not banned by these sanctions,” they said.
The Chinese embassy released a copy of Cui's speech, originally delivered in an off-the-record setting, on Tuesday.
Cui said China backed further U.N. action against North Korea for violations of U.N. resolutions such as nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).
They did not though make clear whether China believed North Korea's latest missile test last week, which the United States described as a first ICBM test, was of that type of missile.
Diplomats say the United States is aiming for a vote within weeks to strengthen U.N. sanctions on North Korea over the test, but Russia has objected to a Security Council condemnation of the launch as a U.S.-drafted statement labeled it an ICBM.
Cui said sanctions were necessary, but could not solve the North Korean problem alone. They repeated a call for Washington to back a Chinese “suspension for suspension” proposal under which North Korea would freeze weapons testing in return for suspension of U.S.-South Korean military exercises.
Washington says the exercises are needed to maintain defenses against North Korea and U.S. officials say Beijing could face U.S. economic and trade pressure unless it does more to rein in North Korea.
Washington is expected to press the issue when senior U.S. and Chinese officials meet on July 19 to discuss bilateral economic issues.
Attendees wait for the program to begin during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach
(Reuters) - A collaboration between Google's research unit and a Dutch institute on Thursday cracked a widely used cryptographic technology that has been one of the key building blocks of internet security.
The algorithm, known as Secure Hash Algorithm 1 or SHA-1, is currently used to verify the integrity of digital files and signatures that secure credit card transactions as well as Git open-source software repositories.
Researchers were able to demonstrate a “collision attack” using two different PDF files with the same SHA-1 fingerprint, but with different visible content, according to a paper published by Amsterdam-based Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica.
“Moving forward, it's more urgent than ever for security practitioners to migrate to safer cryptographic hashes such as SHA-256 and SHA-3,” according to a post by the collaborators on Google's security blog.
Force India needs "another £200million" to be able to make the step towards the front-running teams in F1, according to deputy team principal Bob Fernley.
Since the 2014 season, Force India has made steady progress as it finished sixth in the constructors' championship two years ago and fifth last season. Now challenging Williams for fourth place, Fernley says being the best team behind Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull is currently the highest Force India can realistically aim without major investment.
“I think that the goal is probably best of the rest if the truth be known," Fernley told F1i. "In reality, another £200million to get the next step.
"But saying that, next year is going to be an exciting year because for the first time we're all designing cars … I wouldn't say we're on a level playing field but certainly more level than it has ever been in terms of the aero availability you have.
"So we're all limited. Obviously the bigger teams have much more efficient processes so they have an advantage but the advantage is much less than it has ever been. So it is going to be interesting and I think it is going to produce some interesting opportunities next year.”
And Fernley says Force India takes confidence from its recent successful development program when it comes to the new aerodynamic regulations for next season.
“Yeah and also the 2017 car will be the first car where we are actually using a 60% model. In the past we've had the 50% when we've had Brackley. Even when we made the big switch to Toyota which obviously cost us dearly in the first part of 2015, once we got that on track we rebounded and continued to progress on from there. So the 60% model with the fidelity that gives is also exciting for us.”
F1i Classic - Mayhem, monsoon and the mother of all Belgian Grand Prix
Breakfast with ... Alan Jones
Max Verstappen interview: Destined to be a champion?
From Sauber to Ferrari - Exclusive interview with Kimi Raikkonen on F1's evolution
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
Illegal or undocumented migrants living and working in Ireland are calling on the Government to regularise their status.
It comes as Taoiseach Enda Kenny is expected to raise the issue of immigration with President Donald Trump in Washington.
The Justice for the Undocumented campaign, a campaign group of Irish undocumented migrants organised through the Migrant Rights Centre Ireland, has called on the "Irish Government to create a pathway to papers for undocumented workers, families and children in Ireland".
The MRCI estimates that between 20,000 and 26,000 undocumented migrants live and work in Ireland.
The call for regularisation comes as the campaign group published an open letter of solidarity to undocumented migrants living and working in the United States.
The letter highlights similarities between undocumented migrants in Ireland and the United States.
It states: "Being undocumented, staying undocumented, is not an easy life to live. Missing celebrations, missing funerals, missing your family every single moment of every day. Living in constant fear of deportation".
"We know why you do it. The lives you live in America, we live in Ireland," the letter adds.
"We will not give up our shared struggle. We will keep fighting until undocumented people have a pathway to papers. We will remind our political leaders that we are still here. But right now we extend a hand of friendship and a shoulder of strength to you – our fellow people, undocumented and documented, in the Irish community and in all communities in the USA this St Patrick's Day," says the group's letter.
Commenting on the letter to RTÉ's Morning Ireland, an undocumented restaurant worker named Rebecca, who moved to Ireland from South East Asia 15 years ago, said: "This is not just an issue for the undocumented Irish in the USA, it's an issue for migrants living all over the world.
"I have lived and worked in Ireland for 15 years now. I have Irish grandchildren. Ireland is my home. I know exactly how the undocumented in America feel: missing funerals and celebrations, afraid that one day you will have to leave forever…it is not easy," Rebecca said.
We wanted to send them our support, especially now their President speaks with such anger and hatred.
Rebecca, who set up the Justice for the Undocumented campaign group eight years ago, called on the Taoiseach to consider "undocumented people struggling in Ireland" when they raise the issue of immigration with US President Donald Trump.
This evening, a candlelit rally will be held outside the Central Bank by the Justice for the Undocumented campaign - which claims to have 1,400 members.
Migrant Rights Centre Ireland spokesperson Helen Lowry told Morning Ireland: "The solidarity rally is also making a very strong point to our Taoiseach Enda Kenny on their journey to Washington that there are undocumented migrants here in Ireland in exactly the same situation as the undocumented in the United States".
"We need a regularisation introduced in to this country that recognises the reality that people are now here long term. They are working, they are raising families, they've got deep roots in communities up and down the country".
In response to calls for the regularisation of migrant workers in Ireland, the Department of Justice said in a statement "there are currently no plans to introduce a general regularisation scheme for the undocumented" in Ireland.
A proposal of this nature could give rise to very large, unpredictable and potentially very costly impacts across the full range of public and social services.
"Also, any possible implication for the operation of the Common Travel Area would also have to be very carefully considered, particularly in the context of Brexit", the statement added.
The statement also added that most people become "undocumented" through their own actions or omissions, and there is provision under EU law to use "case-by-case regularisation" for "humanitarian or economic reasons".
"There are instances of persons who became undocumented through no fault of their own and all cases are dealt with on their individual merits," the statement from the Department of Justice added.
Source based Linux distribution with up-front configuration. Common tasks like package installation and updates follow a flexible yet deterministic and comprehensible path.
Decentralised development done properly. Mixing in packages from unofficial sources or even packages that you wrote yourself is easy.
For developers - we expect users to take part in the development. The first year alone we counted contributions from over 70 different people, who worked on packages (both pre-existing and new), documentation, etc. Since then, we have not only been able to attract more and more active users, but also to entrust them with more and more responsiblity.
Native multiple architecture support (multiarch). Our multiarch concept allows for cross-compiling to different architectures while still being able to use the features and dependency resolution of the package manager more easily than any other available distro.
Uses a couple of bits of code, and some ideas, from other open source projects, but the majority of code is original, not forked. Exherbo takes some ideas from other open source projects but it's our own ideas that really sets us apart and defines Exherbo.
Share. We have the day, beta stats and an interview with SOE. We have the day, beta stats and an interview with SOE.
Dust off your cape: DC Universe Online has a release date. Yes, after a last minute delay pushed the MMO from Sony Online Entertainment past its original November launch, the company announced DC Universe Online is coming Jan. 11, 2011 for both PC and the PlayStation 3. If you live in the UK, look for the game on Jan. 14, 2011. Sadly, there was no word on an Australian release date.
DC Universe Online is an MMO where players can create their own villains and heroes and set out to make their name known under the tutelage of Batman, the Joker, Superman and so on. The PC version of the game will cost $49.99 and the PS3 version will cost $59.99. Both come with a free 30-day subscription to the MMO, but after that, the game will cost $15 (&#Array;13) a month – or $199 (&#Array;180) for a lifetime subscription, which is sadly only available for the PC.
We even have the PlayStation 3 Trophy list, if that's your thing.
These details are no doubt exciting after months of waiting, but we at IGN wanted more. So, we fired off some questions to DC Universe Online Game Director Chris Cao – questions about what reward beta testers can expect, what they think of the subscription fee, and much more.
Exit Theatre Mode
IGN: First and foremost, how does it feel to have a final-final release date? You folks have been working on this game forever, and now, it's really coming.
Chris Cao: Right at the start, we sat down with Jim Lee in a steak house here in Austin and asked ourselves, 'How do you bring a universe to life?' Many, many hours, obstacles, demos, and play tests later we know. The DC Universe is online. We've got it. Now, we are very proud to share it.
IGN: Let's talk subscriptions. PC gamers are used to a monthly fee, but console gamers aren't. A lot seemed to freak out when it was first mentioned, but beta impressions have been very, very positive. Are you at all worried about how the console community is going to deal with the subscription fee?
Chris Cao: A little over a decade ago, people questioned subscription fees on a PC. They'd never played an MMO before and they weren't sure why they'd pay monthly to play it. Then they stepped into those first worlds, lived online, and came to realize that the experience was worth the expense. The same thing is going to happen on the PS3. People are always willing to pay for good games, especially when they continue to grow and change. We've made a great game in DCUO and we're going to keep adding to it with each and every update.
IGN: In today's announcement, you pegged lifetime membership at $199 – that's a little more than 13 months. To you, how long does DCUO go on? How long are those servers kicking? Do people need to worry about getting their money's worth?
Chris Cao: Frankly, it's a golden opportunity. We're going to be here for far more than a single year. We've got a lot of universes to build, and we're not going to stop anytime soon. If you take your math and only double it, the value grows. If you take your math and spread it across five years… or more… well, there's no better value for your entertainment dollar.
IGN: The beta is packed with players right now. When I talk to people about it, they always ask me if their characters will carry over or if they'll get something special for the retail game. What can you tell them today?
Chris Cao: Our beta testers have been our greatest asset in these last months. That they now want to live on with the characters they've made proves that world we've built together is ready. But there are millions of other players out there who haven't yet had a chance to start their journey in DCUO. To give everyone a fair, fresh start, we're going to end the world one more time just before launch. Jim Lee and our friends at DC are going to join us in a live, end-of-beta event where players will fight alongside and against the iconics as Brainiac's menace yet looms. Players will be able to experience what would've happened had they followed in the footsteps of the cinematic and battled each other instead of fighting to save Earth. It will be an epic end and thank you for beta. And it will set the stage for the real struggle to come in live.
IGN: What did you learn from the beta? How did you apply that to the game?
Chris Cao: Probably the most important thing we learned is that DCUO has a vast and varied audience. This isn't a "me-too" game or a clone. This isn't an iteration. DCUO is something new. And that fact caused more beta feedback than anything else. Some people wanted more of what they already had in other games. Others wanted more of what we'd made. In both cases, we gauged the forums, analyzed our metrics, and changed what was necessary to set the game on a solid foundation for day one. There will be many, many more days to come in this universe and we're excited to continue to the journey with our players.
IGN: Could you give us some stats from the beta? How many people played as heroes vs. villains? What was the most common movement type?
Chris Cao: We married metrics with direct feedback to get the best possible picture of what's going on in beta. While the statistics fluctuated a bit, there were some interesting results:
Superman was the favorite mentor by far. Circe needs a publicist.
Heroes seem to have the upper hand at about 60 percent. For now. Villain numbers are larger on PvP servers.
Players like blowing stuff up. Hand Blasters are everywhere.
The Little Bohemia Police Station is hopping on PvP servers. More player deaths occurred around it than any place else in both cities.
IGN: Are you resetting all the names from the beta?
Chris Cao: Yes, everyone will have a fresh start at launch. Even I am going to have to grab my favorite names on launch day. Watch out for [EDITED], heroes, on The Killing Joke!
IGN: What tips do you have for people who will be starting out soon?
Chris Cao: If I had to offer one piece of advice to a new player, it's this: get ready for something new. We aren't a traditional MMO. We aren't a single-player action game. We're a super-powered game you can play with your friends for months on end. That's not hype. That's DCUO.
Speedsters are purdy.
IGN: Obviously, everyone's going to be excited to get their hands on the retail disc in a few weeks, but what about beyond that? What can people expect on a downloadable content front? On what SOE is up to once the game is out?
Chris Cao: We have a lot more we want to add and we'll be doing it with a series of updates and publishes. Updates will be more frequent and will bring new 'tween' content (content between the solo game and end game), end game growth (e.g. Batcave Phase 2 and beyond), new comic cutscenes, and new cool loot to win. Publishes are much larger and will introduce all new features, completely different environments, and big story advances to the game. Brainiac has invaded Earth. He's bottled the cities. Go stop him! And, when you've saved the Batcave, rest assured that another famous lair awaits…
What do you think of DCUO? Happy with the release date? Cranky about the subscription? Let the world know in the comments below.
Jackalope Brewing is expanding to Wedgewood-Houston, where they will open a second facility and taproom in order to keep up with demand for their main lines of beers.
CEO Bailey Spaulding says the brewery, which opened in 2011, is simply out of space. The plan is to convert the current production space on Eighth Avenue into an area for small-batch production and sour beers and move the main production to 429 Houston St.
"Having a location that's main purpose is more experimentation than volume will open a lot of doors for us creatively," Spaulding says. "Right now, we have to use all of our capacity to keep up with our main brands, which is a great thing but also doesn't give us much space or time to play around."
Jackalope has grown at a breakneck pace, producing around 5,100 barrels in 2016, or six times as much beer as when they opened. Spaulding says they're on track to brew 6,000 barrels in 2017. Co-owner Steve Wright says this will give them the ability to expand outside of the city.
“We plan to use our additional capacity to increase our presence in Tennessee,” says Wright, “but we also know there is more room to grow in our hometown of Nashville.”
Jackalope will purchase a new brewing system for the new location, and the owners have targeted summer 2018 for an opening.
Why Would Ecuador Want Edward Snowden?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frank Augstein/AP Frank Augstein/AP
Ecuador says it is considering Edward Snowden's request for asylum.
This is the second high-profile case involving leaks of classified information, asylum and the South American country. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, to prevent being extradited to Sweden where they are wanted for questioning over allegations of sexual assault. It's worth mentioning here that WikiLeaks in a statement Sunday said it is giving Snowden legal help.
So why would the Andean nation consider giving refuge to Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor accused of leaking classified surveillance information?
"It becomes the center of attention. [Ecuador's] President Rafael Correa enjoys that," says Michael Shifter, president of the Inter-American Dialogue think tank in Washington, D.C. "He likes needling the U.S. This satisfies that impulse. It also gives them a sense of consistency and commitment to principles by linking it to the Assange case."
Carl Meacham, director of the Americas Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, adds: "Correa is interested in inheriting the mantle of Hugo Chavez and Fidel Castro. To be able to do this with Julian Assange and Mr. Snowden puts him, in their view, as a protector of freedom of information."
But, Shifter notes, Correa probably hopes that by granting refuge to Assange and considering asylum for Snowden they can shift the focus away from Ecuador's own record of press freedom.
Human Rights Watch has criticized the country's new Communication Law, saying the measure "seriously undermines free speech."
"To some extent, Correa can try and use this [incident] to point to the hypocrisy and double standards of everyone else who's coming down hard on him," Shifter says.
As a small country, Ecuador could be vulnerable to U.S. pressure, though its oil gives it a buffer.
Ecuador is the smallest member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and one of the top sources of crude oil imports to the U.S. West Coast. It's also a beneficiary of the massive Chinese investment in South America.
"There are going to be implications and consequences" to granting Snowden asylum, says Laura Powell, a research associate at the Council on Hemispheric Affairs in Washington.
They add: "Diplomacy is not going to get very far. The U.S. has to rely on trade sanctions" and similar measures to achieve its goals.
Shifter of IAD says that at most the U.S. won't renew the Andean Trade Preference and Drug Eradication Act that covers Ecuador, Bolivia, Colombia and Peru; Ecuador would like that deal to continue.
"But it's not going to be a fatal blow," they say.
CSIS's Meacham doesn't see it that way.
"It's pretty bad for them," they say. "Their trade benefits from the Andean Trade Preference and Drug Eradication Act are important. Forty-two percent of their goods are sold to the U.S. So on paper, it's not in their interest."
Ecuador and the U.S. do have an extradition treaty, but as Meacham of CSIS notes: "Snowden is charged with espionage/treason, neither of which is covered by the extradition treaty."
3RD UPDATE: Sony Pictures has now decided to go it alone on Neill Blomkamp's new scifi pic Elysium for worldwide distribution. So there is no Universal Pictures' involvement, as the studio declined to take part. MRC put the deal together.
2ND UPDATE: Director Neill Blomkamp issued this statement: “I literally could not be happier. I have a brilliant relationship with Sony. I loved them during District 9, they 100% get this film and they get me. Elysium is in very good hands.”
1ST UPDATE: EXCLUSIVE: Sony Pictures has won the right to distribute District 9 filmmaker Neill Blomkamp's next project titled Elysium. The producers are currently in negotiation with Universal Pictures to co-finance the film. Meetings with several other studios were cancelled as this scenario took shape. Matt Damon and Jodie Foster are set already to star along with District 9-star Sharlto Copley. Sony clearly values the relationship it built with Blomkamp after their $30 million low-budget first film became a sleeper hit that was nominated for Best Picture and grossed $210 million worldwide. That, too, was a distribution deal.
At the same time, MRC has signed an overall deal with Blomkamp, and has given a green light to a second movie. Titled Chappie, the film will go into production immediately after Blomkamp completes Elysium, which is now scheduled for a late 2012 release. Like Elysium, Blomkamp wrote Chappie as an original, and that picture is not part of this distribution arrangement.
SPE's Amy Pascal and Michael Lynton have shown a willingness to make big bets on project packages that fit their release schedule needs. That happened on such projects as Roland Emmerich's 2012, and The Other Guys. SPE also made an MRC deal for 30 Minutes Or Less, directed by Ruben Fleischer and starring Jesse Eisenberg and Danny McBride.
PREVIOUS 1:30 PM: District 9 director Neill Blomkamp has been meeting with studios today on Elysium, their futuristic science fiction next film. The pic, which stars Matt Damon, Jodie Foster and Sharlto Copley, is being financed by Media Rights Capital. Blomkamp, MRC's Modi Wiczyk and Simon Kinberg (who's producing with Bill Block) began the day by going from studio to studio, meeting with high-level decision makers who are reading the script, followed by a storyboarded presentation by Blomkamp. This is being repeated at every studio but Disney, which won't make R-rated event films.
I'm told this the movie has the social allegory present in the Sony Pictures Entertainment-directed District 9, but it's an unabashedly big movie, set 100 years in the future, with all of the obligatory gadgets and technological advances. Blomkamp will have their sets designed by Syd Mead, famous for their work on films like Blade Runner. Mead's very hard to hire, but they responded because they so liked District 9. The film will prep in April, and start production in July in Vancouver before moving to Mexico City in the fall. The film will be delivered in time for release during the 2012 holidays. It's a tent pole-sized proposition, but like Chris Nolan's Inception, it's a fully realized project that a studio can pencil into its release calendar. I don't think it's going to take long to sell.
Hartford, Conn. – Today, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the American Radio Relay League (ARRL) announced a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) that increases cooperation between FEMA and ARRL in the area of disaster communication. FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate, KK4INZ, and ARRL President Kay Craigie, N3KN, signed the agreement during the ARRL National Centennial Convention at the Connecticut Convention Center in Hartford, Connecticut.
This agreement will allow FEMA and ARRL to work together to provide resources, services and personnel, as available, in order to strengthen capacity in areas of emergency communications, mass care and emergency assistance, disaster preparedness, response and recovery, while also raising public awareness about the use of Amateur Radio as a public safety resource.
“Radio is one of the most resilient communications technologies we have,” Fugate said. “When the power is out and telecommunications are down, the Amateur Radio community can serve as a vital resource in support of emergency responders and survivors during a disaster. This MOA will strengthen FEMA's partnership with ARRL and build upon our work to expand emergency communications capabilities and the use of Amateur Radio in emergency management.”
The agreement outlines the ways in which FEMA and ARRL will cooperate to carry out their respective responsibilities, with respect to disaster mitigation, preparedness, response and recovery operations in the event of a natural or human-made disaster. The agreement sets forth the terms by which FEMA and ARRL will provide resources, services and personnel, as available, in order to strengthen capacity in areas of emergency communications, mass care and emergency assistance, disaster preparedness, response and recovery.
“From the earliest days of experimentation with radio to the present time, amateur radio volunteers have combined their passion for exploring radio technology with their devotion to assisting the governmental and charitable agencies that respond to disaster,” Craigie said. “This combination of inventiveness and service has saved lives for a century. We look forward to working with FEMA to further develop opportunities for trained, equipped and prepared amateur radio operators to serve the public interest whenever and wherever disasters affect our country and its communities.”
Amateur Radio operators have been responding to disasters since the beginning of the Amateur Service in the early 1900s. Through the ARRL-sponsored Amateur Radio Emergency Service (ARES) and other groups, federally licensed Amateur Radio operators have volunteered their time, equipment and expertise to their communities and country for all kinds of public service events and disaster efforts.
Following recent events, ARRL has supported local communities as they prepare for and recover from the devastation caused by disasters. As part of this agreement, FEMA and ARRL will strengthen their partnership and encourage first responders and citizens to consider joining the ranks of radio amateurs and their long and legendary history of public service to the nation.
###
FEMA's mission is to support our citizens and first responders to ensure that as a nation we work together to build, sustain, and improve our capability to prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from and mitigate all hazards. More information is available from www.fema.gov.
The ARRL's mission is based on five core areas, or "pillars": Public Service, Advocacy, Education, Technology, and Membership. Founded in 1914, the American Radio Relay League is the national association for amateur radio in the USA. Today, with more than 164,000 members, the ARRL is the largest organization of radio amateurs in the world. More information is available at www.arrl.org.
Mount Royal Soccer had the chance to sit down with the Montreal Impact Academy's Director of Development: Philippe Eullafroy. Philippe Eulaffroy is also the head coach of the U-21 Montreal Impact team and has a big hand in the architecture of the youth academy of the club. We sat down with them after a U21 practice at Complexe Sportif Marie-Victorin.
In Part 1 we talk about Philippe Eullafroy's path of becoming a coach and the philosophy of the Montreal Impact Academy.
Philippe Eullafroy, from player to coach
Philippe Eullafroy describes their professional career as simple as it started in the Troyes youth system in France. They spent most of their career in the club (1984-1991) and even played in Canada by the end of their career in a semi-pro league in Sherbrooke. During their years at Troyes, they made an impact (no pun intended) on the club and its supporters as they were part of the ''Team Of The Century '' voted by fans. They also scored the club's fastest goal in its history. As a player, Philippe Eullafroy has a resume and credibility that helped them in their next career path.
Transitioning towards their university studies in Montreal and the end of their playing career, the coaching path was not necessarily something they planned for in detail:
Circumstances and encounters help build our path. Going back to France after my studies, I worked for Stade De Reims for 4 years in every possible position except for being the pro-team head coach.
-- Philippe Eullafroy
From professional scout to the reserve team coach, they admit that it was always closely related to the young players, specifically between the ages of 18 and 22. Missing Montreal , they took over the McGill Redmen head coaching job which they held from 2005 to 2008 with 3 Coach Of The Year titles. They then joined the Montreal Impact in 2010 and has been since the Director of Development and the U-21 Head Coach.
Circumstances got me to take care of young players , which I like a lot. It's much more complex than training professional players. Taking care of professional players digs more into ''human management'' and optimizing the potential one has. In terms of development, the progression is much more limited due to players having arrived at maturity. On the other hand, with the young players, everything needs to be looked at and setup in their progression. -- Philippe Eullafroy
After the jump, the philosophy of the Montreal Impact Academy, an idea of the process of getting to the pros and more
The Philosophy of the Montreal Impact Academy
We asked Philippe about what is the Montreal Impact Academy ''raison d'etre'' if asked by a potential player's parent or anyone else outside or inside the realm of soccer .
First and foremost, It's a sports mission before anything else that is loud and clear: produce professional soccer players hoping that this professional career starts, at the least, with the Montreal Impact in MLS. -- Philippe Eullafroy
Philippe continues on emphasizing beyond the soccer/sporting aspect of trying to become a professional soccer player. The concept backing up the ultimate goal has an important and fundamental human factor: Forming Men .
We want balanced men, mature men and responsible men. For the balance of that player, we want to train soccer players and want them to perform as good as possible on the field. Outside the field, the family environment around the player is important but so is having an academic and educational environment.
School is important for the player's balance [between soccer and life] but also if the player does not succeed sporting wise, they will have their academics to rely on outside the field. It is important for us to find that balance as to have a soccer player and a man. I am convinced that if we have a quality person, we will have a quality soccer player. -- Philippe Eullafroy
The Montreal Impact is abiding to success in the classroom not being mutually exclusive to a strong soccer player. Actually, the Impact and Philippe Eullafroy see the success in the classroom and on the field to be the same. The '' Sports-Etudes '' program was setup for Academy players as young as 12 years-old until they finish high school. Just recently, the club was proud to announce 100% High School Graduation rate from all its 12 eligible Academy players.
The program includes a schedule re-arrangement for the players to go to school, attend practices plus 90 minutes/day of monitored studies (outside the school). School work is performed during that period which also includes extra help (via tutors) for those in difficulties. Success at school and on the field go hand in hand and the Impact is providing the framework to help the young players to succeed in their academics.
This program is unique in Major League Soccer, although FC Dallas, Real Salt Lake and the Vancouver Whitecaps have something similar but not exactly the same.
It is out of the question, at the Academy, to keep a player who has failed academically. It's a good deal for the young players who know that if they do not perform at school, they will not be kept on with the Impact.
And it's also a good deal for us as if we have a good player; we will absolutely do everything we can for them to succeed at school. We know that if they do not succeed at school, we cannot keep them [at the Academy].
-- Philippe Eullafroy
Stay tuned for Part 2 of our talk with Philippe Eullafroy as they share with us the process of becoming a professional soccer player and how Quality is Always Better than Quantity.
MUMBAI: MIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi kicked off their party's campaign for BMC polls at a public meeting at Nagpada junction on Sunday.Owaisi attacked the Congress-NCP and BJP-Sena governments for meting out “injustice“ to Muslims. The party plans to field candidates for the BMC elections for the first time. “MIM will field candidates mostly in Muslim pockets like Madanpura, Bhendi Bazar, Jogeshwari, Santacruz, Bandra and Govandi. The party can unsettle the SP that has 9 corporators and also damage the prospects of the Congress-NCP combine,“ said a source.“Muslims comprise 21% population in the Mumbai metropolitan region. In the Rs 37,000 crore BMC budget, the share of Muslims should be Rs 7,770 crore. Elect at least 20 to 25 members of MIM in the BMC and we will get the fair share for Muslim wards,“ Owaisi said.He also criticized the state government's plan to construct the Shivaji memorial.“We are not against the memorial but Shivaji themselves would have not approved of this squandering taxpayers' money ,“ they said. Owaisi also slammed the Sena-BJP combine in the BMC and Prime Minister Narendra Modi for projecting Shivaji as a “Hindu warrior who fought Muslim Mughals“.“Mr Prime Minister, why didn't you mention the Mus lim Madari Mehtar who helped Shivaji escape from the Agra fort whi le you were praising Shivaji at the ceremony in Mumbai,“ they said.Owaisi also attacked the Centre's demonetisation move and took potshots at Modi's “propensity to boast“.Owaisi slammed the Samajwadi Party . “The cycle (SP's symbol) cannot move any further. The father is disqualifying the son who is rebelling against the father. It is complete chaos,“ they said.
FBI Abruptly Walks Out On Senate Briefing After Being Asked How 'Insider Threat' Program Avoids Whistleblowers
from the because-the-whole-program-is-about-whistleblowers dept
Meanwhile, the FBI fiercely resists any efforts at Congressional oversight, especially on whistleblower matters. For example, four months ago I sent a letter to the FBI requesting its training materials on the Insider Threat Program. This program was announced by the Obama Administration in October 2011. It was intended to train federal employees to watch out for insider threats among their colleagues. Public news reports indicated that this program might not do enough to distinguish between true insider threats and legitimate whistleblowers. I relayed these concerns in my letter. I also asked for copies of the training materials. I said I wanted to examine whether they adequately distinguished between insider threats and whistleblowers.
In response, an FBI legislative affairs official told my staff that a briefing might be the best way to answer my questions. It was scheduled for last week. Staff for both Chairman Leahy and I attended, and the FBI brought the head of their Insider Threat Program. Yet the FBI didn't bring the Insider Threat training materials as we had requested. However, the head of the Insider Threat Program told the staff that there was no need to worry about whistleblower communications. They said whistleblowers had to register in order to be protected, and the Insider Threat Program would know to just avoid those people.
Now I have never heard of whistleblowers being required to “register” in order to be protected. The idea of such a requirement should be pretty alarming to all Americans. Sometimes confidentiality is the best protection a whistleblower has. Unfortunately, neither my staff nor Chairman Leahy's staff was able to learn more, because only about ten minutes into the briefing, the FBI abruptly walked out. FBI officials simply refused to discuss any whistleblower implications in its Insider Threat Program and left the room. These are clearly not the actions of an agency that is genuinely open to whistleblowers or whistleblower protection.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper seems to have talked about such procedures when they appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee on February 11, 2014. In their testimony, they said: We are going to proliferate deployment of auditing and monitoring capabilities to enhance our insider threat detection. We're going to need to change our security clearance process to a system of continuous evaluation. . . . What we need is . . . a system of continuous evaluation, where . . . we have a way of monitoring their behavior, both their electronic behavior on the job and off the job, to see if there is a potential clearance issue. . . . Director Clapper's testimony gives me major pause. It sounds as though this type of monitoring would likely capture the activity of whistleblowers communicating with Congress.
While we've been disappointed that Senator Chuck Grassley appears to have a bit of a double standard with their staunch support for whistleblowers when it comes to Ed Snowden, it is true that they have fought for real whistleblower protections for quite some time. Lately, he's been quite concerned that the White House's "Insider Threat Program" (ITP) is really just a cover to crack down on whistleblowers. As we've noted, despite early promises from the Obama administration to support and protect whistleblowers, the administration has led the largest crackdown against whistleblowers, and the ITP suggests that the attack on whistleblowers is a calculated response . The program documentation argues that any leak can be seen as "aiding the enemy" and encourages government employees to snitch on each other if they appear too concerned about government wrong-doing. Despite all their high minded talk of supporting whistleblowers, President Obama has used the Espionage Act against whistleblowersas many times as. Also, they have never -- not once -- praised someone for blowing the whistle in the federal government.Given all of that, Senator Grassley expressed some concern about this Insider Threat Program and how it distinguished whistleblowers from actual threats. They asked the FBI for copies of its training manual on the program, which it refused to give him. Instead, it said it could better answer any questions at a hearing. However, as Grassley explains, when questioned about this just 10 minutes into the hearing, the FBI abruptly got up and left And yes, it's equally troubling that the FBI insists that as long as someone "registers" as a whistleblower, the FBI will suddenly, magically agree to stop investigating them as a "threat." We already know that's almost certainly bullshit. The stories of Thomas Drake and John Kiriakou are both clear examples of whistleblowers, who then had the DOJ search through basically everything they'd ever done to try to concoct some sort of Espionage Act case against them. In both cases, the eventual charges were totally ridiculous and unrelated to the whistleblowing they had done, but clearly the only reason they had been investigated was because of their status as whistleblowers. Drake was charged with having a classified document, which was just a meeting agenda and was both improperly classified and then declassified soon after. Kiriakou was charged with revealing the name of a CIA operative to a reporter, where the person in question was already widely known to journalists as working for the CIA.Meanwhile, while Grassley still hasn't come out in support of Snowden as a whistleblower, they do seem reasonably concerned that James Clapper's plans to stop the next Snowden will have severe consequences for whistleblowers:As Marcy Wheeler notes in their post (linked above, which called my attention to all this), by declaring war on whistleblowers, the administration is almost guaranteeing that many fewer will use "official channels" to blow the whistle. That just makes them targets with the likelihood of getting no results. Instead, all this does is incentivize people to go the Chelsea Manning/Ed Snowden route of going directly to journalists to make sure the stories get out.
Filed Under: chuck grassley, ed snowden, fbi, insider threat program, leakers, whistleblower protections, whistleblowers
Denis Shapovalov made the most of an opportunity to fulfill a lifelong dream of playing for their country this weekend at the Davis Cup.
The 18-year-old put Canada through to the World Group for 2018 after a dominating 6-3, 7-6 (1), 6-3 victory over Ramkumar Ramanathan of India in its best-of-five Davis Cup tie on Sunday on the indoor hard court at Northlands Coliseum.
The Canadians won the tie 3-1, with another rubber between Brayden Schnur and Yuki Bhambri still to be played later Sunday, although that match wouldn't impact the final result.
"Clinching for my country is huge," Shapovalov said. "I grew up wanting to play on the team and to help my country win this week is a huge honour. It's honestly the best feeling.
"I'll be back for many years to come if I am invited to play. It's such a fun event, and I love doing it."
The 18-year-old's straight-sets win sends Canada back to the Davis Cup World Group. 1:32
The tie-clinching match took only two hours five minutes to complete.
Shapovalov, ranked 51st in the world, is in the midst of a tremendous run that has seen them go 18-3 since Wimbledon, including wins over Rafael Nadal at the Rogers Cup and eighth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the recent U.S. Open.
Shapovalov also recorded a win over Bhambri in the second Davis Cup singles match on Friday.
"This is right up there with all the rest of the things that have happened of late," Shapovalov said. "I'm improving every day, and I still think I need to improve a lot of things. But I am playing with a lot of confidence and playing some great tennis. I felt so good on the court today."
It was a much better Davis Cup experience than the last one for Shapovalov, who in some ways caused the necessity of the tie with India.
The Richmond Hill, Ont., native slapped a loose ball in frustration and broke a bone in the eye socket of chair umpire Arnaud Gabas during the deciding match of the series against Britain in February in Ottawa, getting banished as Canada lost 3-2.
Canada's other victory in Edmonton came in doubles play on Saturday when Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil defeated Rohan Bopanna and Purav Raja 3-1.
Not much separated the two countries coming into the tie, as Canada was ranked 16th to India's 18th.
Canada has now advanced into the World Group for a seventh consecutive year, and has won seven of its last eight home ties.
Canada's highest-ever ranking in Davis Cup play was sixth in February 2014.
Home >> World >> Middle East Iran says 646 complaints received concerning election + - 10:21, June 19, 2009
Click the "PLAY" button and listen. Do you like the online audio service here? Good, I like it
Just so so
I don't like it
No interest
Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article Iran's Guardian Council, the top legislative body of the country, said Thursday that 646 complaints have been submitted to the council concerning the irregularities on Iran's recent presidential election.
According to a report by local satellite Press TV, the council's spokesperson Abbas-Ali Kadkhodaie said that the three defeated candidates have submitted a total of 646 complaints which are carefully studied.
Kadkhodaie has also said that candidates of Iran's recent presidential election have been invited to its upcoming meeting session which is to be held within the next few days, the officialIRNA news agency said in another report on Thursday.
"It was decided at the end of the meeting that candidates of the 10th presidential election (the incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Mir-Hossein Mousavi, Mehdi Karroubi and Mohsen Rezaei)would attend the council's session next week to express their views and ask their questions in the presence of the organization's members," Kadkhodaie was quoted as saying.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei has ordered Iran's Guardian Council, the top legislative body, to investigate the claims of "fraud" in the recent presidential election.
Source: Xinhua
An introduction to my Madness
James Bond has had an illustrious career in their 60 years as a character. Beginning initial as a work of fiction from a retired WWII naval intelligence officer by the name of Ian Fleming, this largely pulp style spy series has netted nearly 8 billions dollars* in revenue from the films, books and merchandise. The character itself has become synonymous with the genre it was born from. Bond's gadgets, cars, clothes, women and catch phases are all largely part of pop culture vernacular. The first film in the franchise was shot for a measly million dollars and has gone on to become one of the longest running film series in the history of the medium. The movies themselves have had a plethora of ups and downs. Almost everyone has a favorite Bond. Many have heralded Connery as the perfect secret agent, with their cold and calculated way of getting the job done. Some, like me, throughly enjoy the charm and silliness of Roger Moore. Heck, there are those that think Timothy Dalton was the right man for the darker days of the 80's and was never given a proper chance to shine. What's great about this group of films is that there is largely something for everyone. But now, three films into the Daniel Craig era I see something in their entrees I've never really seen before…consistency. I press that with the right bit of love, Bondian finesse and planning, Daniel Craig's James Bond could serve as the PERFECT Bond run.
*according to this website
Now hiring sign (AFP Photo/Spencer Platt)
The US economy firmly fended off global economic weakness and turmoil in China as employers added 292,000 new jobs last month, far better than expected.
The Labor Department's December employment report confirmed an economy resilient despite the slowdown in China and other emerging economies, continued weakness in Europe and the steep job losses in the oil sector.
On top of the surprising strength in December — just 200,000 jobs were expected — the numbers for the previous two months were revised higher by a total 50,000 positions, underscoring an acceleration of hiring across the economy in the final quarter of the year.
While the official unemployment rate continued to hold at 5.0 percent, and wage gains remained tepid at 2.5 percent year on year, the report supported the Federal Reserve's view that the employment sector was tightening fast enough to justify it raising its benchmark interest rate last month for the first time in over nine years.
The jobs report also demonstrated that expectations of small hikes in the central bank's federal funds rate were not causing employers to hold off recruiting new workers when they need them.
“It's extraordinary to see such rapid jobs growth, and increasingly low unemployment, with no inflationary pressures at all,” said Brookings Institution senior economist Justin Wolfers in a tweet.
Hiring was solid across the board, led by construction, professional and business services, and health care.
While the mining sector continued to shed jobs, primarily due to the collapse in crude-oil prices, even the government was picking up the slack with expanded hiring.
The data suggested an increase of workforce dropouts returning to the labor market, though there were still some signs of weakness.
The number of long-term unemployed — those unable to find a new job after searching for 27 weeks or more — was unchanged at 2.1 million.
And the number of people forced to work part time because they cannot find full-time jobs held steady at 6.0 million.
And the participation rate in the labor market remained at a low 62.6 percent, compared with more than 66 percent before the recession.
– Fed rate hike supported –
Even so, the overall picture was similar to that of the members of the Fed's policy body, the Federal Open Market Committee, when they decided on December 16 that the economy was resilient enough to handle a quarter percentage point increase in the near-zero federal funds rate, which should increase borrowing rates for consumers and businesses.
“Today's job numbers should be soothing to the FOMC, to markets, and to workers, and stand in sharp contrast to the negative economic news emanating from China,” said Beth Ann Bovino, chief US economist at Standard & Poor's Ratings Services.
“Markets are desperate for good news, and now have it, but it comes with a caveat because better employment growth means the Fed will raise rates faster…. People are finding jobs and getting paid more for them.”
The news gave a boost to the US dollar, the strength of which has been hurting US exports. At about 1430 GMT the dollar was trading at $1.0874 per euro, compared with $1.0928 late Thursday.
US stock markets, already poised for a rebound from Thursday's rout before the jobs data came in, opened higher: 10 minutes into trade the S&P 500 added 0.6 percent.
"Svaka vlast kvari; apsolutna vlast kvari apsolutno." Lord Acton
KAKO je krenulo s ovim korupcijskim aferama u i oko Vlade, postoji izgledna opasnost da ćemo opet dobiti nekorumpiranu i poštenu vlast. To je toliko puta opetovani scenarij našeg političkog života, a tonemo sve dublje. Svaki političar koji pretendira pridobiti naklonost hrvatske javnosti, naime, obećava da će prioritet njegove politike biti "borba protiv kriminala i korupcije". Ljudi u Hrvatskoj su naročito postali senzibilizirani glede problema korupcije nakon uhićenja i procesuiranja bivšeg premijera Sanadera. Aktualna Vlada je i dobila sadašnji mandat ne na osnovi procjene ljudi o njihovoj sposobnosti, nego na osnovi povjerenja da su osobno pošteniji i manje korumpirani od prethodne vlasti.
A opet, korupcija u Hrvatskoj i dalje cvjeta, a korupcijske afere postaju sve više sastavnim dijelom naših života. Kako izgleda, što se više borimo protiv korupcije, to ona nama više vlada; kako se krene korupcijskoj hidri sjeći glave, to ona postaje opasnija i ubojitija. Kao da postoji neko alkarsko "dvaput u ništa" borbe protiv korupcije, neka nesavladana dijalektika same korupcijske stvari, pa borba protiv korupcije, umjesto da postane vrsta socijalnog moralnog purgatorija, sve dublje zahvaća sve pore društva. Čovjeku padaju na pamet prizori nekakve titanske gigantomahije i borbe sa nadnaravnim silama kada razmišlja o njoj.
Pošteni političari i druge bajke
A opet, stvar nije nimalo mistična i nadnaravana, već posve prizemna i ljudska. Naime, ja ne vjerujem da u svezi s korupcijom postoji neka naročita dijalektika "same stvari", niti nekakav nesavladivi, iracionalni, mistični društveni problem. Prije bih rekao da se radi o jednoj vrsti ideologijske zaslijepljenosti i pogrešnom detektiranju problema – a to je da korupcija uopće nije društveni problem, nego državni problem. Korupcija nije nikakva misteriozna "bolest društva", kao što se naokolo priča, nego bolest države. Korupcija postoji samo tamo gdje je političarima omogućeno da kontroliraju i upravljaju novcem poreznih obveznika.
Što su te ovlasti političara veće, što je država glomaznija – to je veća korupcija. Tu postoji jasna aritmetička proporcija. Ovu proporciju ne može narušiti nikakva priča o transparentnosti upravljanja javnim financijama, nikakvo osnivanje državnih agencija za borbu protiv korupcije, nikakve zakletve političara na poštenje i slične bajke. Uostalom, sve to imamo, a redaju se afere za aferom, novac poreznih obveznika se troši nemilice, opraštaju se dugovi i pogoduje se državnim miljenicima u predstečajnim nagodbama, ilegalni odljev novca javnih poduzeća na privatne račune u inozemstvu je na istom nivou kao i za vrijeme Sanadera, itd.
Izbacimo lopova iz kuće
Dapače, korupcija je najizraženija upravo u institucijama koje bi trebale kontrolirati korištenje novca u javnim poduzećima, među onima koji bi trebali kontrolirati kontrolore, u takozvanim nadzornim odborima, u raznim vladinim komisijama, ministarstvima, u sudstvu, itd. I što je razina moći viša i što su ovlasti ovih državnih kontrolora veće, institucije su korumpiranije. U stvari, kada kažemo da je korupcija "bolest države, a ne društva", treba biti precizniji (jer genitiv govori dvojako), pa reći da je država ta bolest, taj sifilis suvremenog doba, a da je korupcija samo njen simptom, njezin gnojni čir.
Pa, zašto onda opetovano činimo istu grešku i prizivamo državne institucije koje bi imale sve veće i veće ovlasti kako bi se borile protiv korupcije? Ako je država glavni izvor korupcije, zašto tražimo sve jaču državu kako bismo izašli na kraj s tim problemom? Kako krivac može popravljati štetu? Nije li to povjerenje u državu i njene institucije sasvim naivno? Zar ne bi trebalo uraditi nešto sasvim suprotno – drastično smanjiti državi mogućnost da ima pristup našem novcu? Zar ne bismo trebali prestati gajiti pobožnu vjeru u bajku o "kontroliranju kontrolora", već ukinuti mogućnost da itko, ma koliko pošten i izvrstan inače bio, kontrolira i upravlja tuđim, tj. našim novcem? Ako ne želite biti pokradeni, nećete uvesti dvadesetčetvorosatni nadzor nad lopovom koji se ugnijezdio u vašoj kući, nego ćete lopova izbaciti, kuću zaključati i onemogućiti mu pristup vašoj imovini.
Totalno kriva dijagnoza bolesti
Pa ipak, ljudi ne prestaju slijepo vjerovati u državu i njenu "borbu protiv korupcije". Štoviše, svoje povjerenje na izborima daju političarima koji su glasniji u tome da će baš oni, samo ako im se daju dovoljno velika ovlaštenja, odlučnom državnom akcijom jednom za svagda iskorijeniti korupciju u društvu. Ljudi više vole imati policajca u kući, nego kuću držati zaključanom. Čak i kad je jasno da je taj "policajac" zapravo višestruki kriminalac recidivist. Umjesto da bude kardinalni, notorni, bjelodani argument protiv upliva države u život i ekonomske aktivnosti ljudi, priča o borbi protiv korupcije postaje argument u rukama političara koji za sebe traže još više ovlasti i moći u upravljanju našim novcem. Umjesto da se zalažu da utjecaj politike na gospodarstvo i naše živote bude minimalan ili da u potpunosti nestane, i time sasijeku samu mogućnost koruptivnih djelatnosti, ljudi se opredjeljuju za političare koji obećavaju da će riješiti problem korupcije povećavanjem upliva države u naše živote, političare koji nam se svečano zaklinju da će čuvati naše novce od sebe samih i od svoje pohlepe.
Razlog ove naivne vjere u državu koja liječi "bolest korupcije" je u krivoj dijagnozi bolesti uslijed miješanja uzroka i posljedice. Država je ta koja generira korupciju, ona je žarište bolesti, a korupcija je tek njen simptom. Kada imamo visoku korupciju u društvu, pravi liječnik će jasno dijagnosticirati da je to nepogrešiv simptom da nam je država prevelika i da je stvar uzela maha. Svatko će za liječnika koji liječi samo simptom bolesti a ne bolest samu reći da je to loš liječnik. Ali, u politici ljudi ne razmišljaju tako. Tu oni, čini se, vjeruju u čuda, pa žele i jaku i sveprisutnu državu, ali ne žele korupciju. Oni koji bi se borili protiv korupcije a ne smanjivali državu, liče na nadriliječnike koji oboljelom od sifilisa cijede čireve a ne liječe bolest i time stvar čine još gorom. Jaka država bez korupcije, međutim, ne ide, jednako kao što se ne možete izliječiti od sifilisa cijedeći gnojne čireve.
Naivne ovce za šišanje
No, malo ljudi prepoznaje da je problem u državi, već za korupciju optužuje nepoštene, pokvarene i pohlepne pojedince. Na ovoj nakaradnoj zamjeni teza i elementarnoj logičkoj grešci u rezoniranju počiva i popularnost socijalističkih politika, kao i nepopularnost nedržavnih, tržišnih aktivnosti ljudi. Obično se kaže da su političari vođeni, ili bi trebali biti vođeni općim interesom društva, dok su kapitalisti samo pohlepni i gramzivi pojedinci, koji brinu samo za svoju korist, a ne mare za opći interes. Otuda oni traže poštene i časne političare, koji bi pohlepnim pojedincima i njihovim tržišnim aktivnostima nametnuli kontrolu i prisilili ih da rade za opće dobro. Oni zamišljaju da ljudi kada uđu u politiku postaju nalik anđelima, a da su glavni problem društva oni koji nisu doživjeli ovu mističnu transformaciju svoje prirode, koji su u duši ostali sebični i pohlepni "sitni buržuji". Međutim, kao što smo vidjeli, to se ne događa. Rezultat takvih socijalističkih politika i nametanja državne kontrole gospodarstvu je poticanje krađe novca poreznih obveznika i sve veća korupcija. Ne može se govoriti o korupciji a šutjeti o socijalizmu.
Ako se želimo riješiti problema korupcije, moramo se prvo otarasiti ove naivne i pobožne vjere u dobre i poštene političare koji vode računa o općem interesu i predrasude o zlim i pokvarenim pojedincima – čiji je savršeni ideologijski analogon ona socijalistička predodžba o "zlom kapitalisti" – koji slijede samo svoju osobnu korist. Ako ne želimo biti naivne ovce za šišanje, država ne smije imati nikakva upliva u gospodarstvo, političari ne smiju imati pristupa našem novcu, ta poluga njihove moći mora biti slomljena. Kada političari ne budu imali nikakve ovlasti nad gospodarstvom, tada neće biti ni predstečajnih nagodbi, niti pogodovanja moćnim interesnim grupama, neće biti iživljavanja vlastitih hirova političara i pirovanja na račun poreznih obveznika. Ako zaista želimo riješiti problem korupcije u Hrvatskoj, ako želimo hrvatsko društvo ozdraviti od etatističkog sifilisa, sasjecimo stvar u korijenu, pokažimo crveni karton političarima – i ukinimo socijalizam u Hrvatskoj.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
About This Episode
OCEANS premiered February 18, 2015.
World renowned scientist, Dr. Jeremy Jackson, tells Sanjayan the oceans are in trouble, that a “rise of slime” is coming. But Sanjayan goes in search of a very different future. They travel to one of the remotest reefs on earth. The sheer number of sharks in this place doesn't make any sense — the mass of predators is greater than prey. It seems like a paradox. But when you understand it, you see how our oceans can be more productive than we could ever imagine. And it's predators that may hold the secret to bringing back productivity to all our oceans.
Papua New Guinea
Tuna is tagged in Papua New Guinea. Passion Planet In Papua New Guinea, a fishing boat is intercepting one of the world's greatest migrating species. But these tuna aren't being killed; they're being tagged. It's part of a global operation where every kind predator is being followed right across the world — like a "Facebook" for fish. And when you follow the predators' profiles they lead us to highly productive areas or “hot spots.” A detailed living map emerges that allows us to protect the parts of the ocean that matter most.
Bimini, Bahamas
But all this new power is no good if we can't apply it on our doorstep. In the Bahamas, lemon sharks are coming to give birth, and Dr. Samuel Gruber is stepping in as the midwife. They want to take just a few of the shark pups and get them to a safe haven. He'd rather not interfere with the sharks, but the sharks need their help if they're to have a future.
Sanjayan even discovers hope in the face of the most global threat — they discover how some fish might protect coral from a changing climate. And it doesn't end there. New science is showing that the coral itself has secret hidden defenses to a warming ocean. The way to see how is flood the reef with ultraviolet light, seeing a psychedelic ocean like it's never been seen before. Scientists are now using all this new knowledge of corals' resilience to engineer a reef from scratch. In the Florida Keys, they're growing one of the biggest human-made coral gardens on earth.
Sea of Cortez
The idea of engineering the wild is taken to new extremes in Mexico's Sea of Cortez. A series of giant “aquapods” hang suspended beneath the water. One hundred feet across, they look like floating planets — truly a vision for the 21st century. Inside the “aquapods” they're growing fish that give us a chance to keep our planet fed as our demands on the ocean increase.
New York City
Tackling the apocalyptic prophecy of a “rise of slime” clearly requires a monumental effort, but if you want proof of what's possible then there's one place to go — Pier 29, New York City. In these post-industrial wastelands they're turning the tide on the rise of slime. The secret is oysters. They're bringing these filter feeders back to purify the habor and turn a wasteland into a wilderness. If we can avert the rise of slime here, then you really do get the feeling we can do it anywhere.
Whether crazy punters, dreamy kickers, or ridiculously athletic returners, Chuck Zodda takes you inside the world of special teams as only a kicker can. Today, the art of drafting kickers and the math behind the picks.
There have been only three instances in NFL history where a team selected a kicker in the first round of the NFL Draft. The most recent example came in 2000, when the Oakland Raiders nabbed Sebastian Janikowski with the 17th pick in the draft, despite a pending charge for attempting to bribe a police officer, which was dismissed shortly after the draft.
Unfortunately for the Raiders, Janikowski got off to a rough start on the field, making just 68.8% of their kicks during their rookie season, and leading a number of pundits to proclaim them one of the biggest wastes of a first-round pick in NFL history. Although their career accuracy now stands at 80.2%, Janikowski has never become an elite kicker in the NFL – thus raising the questions, how does a team go about finding elite kicking talent and at what round does it make sense to draft it?
Qualifying NFL kickers made 84.9% of their field goals in 2014. A number of other kickers saw part-time duty with mixed results, ranging from the 3-for-3 of Garrett Hartley to the 1-for-5 of Alex Henery, who miraculously only made a 51-yard attempt. But if we strip out the part-timers, the field becomes bunched, with the high-water mark of 96.8% for Adam Vinatieri leading the way, and Blair Walsh bringing up the rear at 74.3%. With 943 kicks by these 31 kickers, the average kicker attempted 30.4 field goals over the course of the season, making 25.8 of them.
If we assume the average kicker will attempt 30 kicks in a given season, the variation in number of makes ranges from 22.3 at Walsh's success rate to 29.0 at Vinatieri's. Realistically then, the difference between the best kicker in the league and worst kicker in the league in 2014 can be estimated at approximately 21 points.
However, outliers can be volatile over a small sample size, so it makes more sense to look at kickers in terms of groupings. When split into two groups and normalized as above, the top 16 kickers would have made 26.8 kicks out of 30, with the bottom 15 kickers making 24.1. The difference between above and below-average kickers is a mere nine points, or just over half a point per game.
But the data is a more complicated than it initially appears. The top 16 kickers by accuracy attempted 68 kicks from 50+ yards, connecting on 48 of them – a 70.5% success rate. The bottom 15 kickers attempted 80 kicks from the same range, making only 45 of them, good for 56.3% accuracy. When the kicks from 50+ yards are removed from the data, the difference between top-half kickers and bottom-half kickers is a mere 7% – 92.5% to 85.4%.
When modifying the annualized numbers for this data, the difference in points scored is reduced to just over 6 points per season – 27.8 field goals made for the top 16 kickers versus 25.6 made kicks for the bottom 15. Thus, the primary difference in the quality of kicker is not their accuracy within 50 yards, but their ability to score from beyond that distance. This ability to score from distance should be where teams focus when drafting kickers, because the data supports the conclusion that a team can find a capable kicker for shorter distances without any meaningful drop-off in production.
With 148 kicks attempted from over 50 yards last season, the average kicker was utilized 4.8 times from this distance. The difference between the top 16 kickers and bottom 15 kickers in number of makes over 4.8 kicks is 0.74 kicks per season – meaning that because of the low utilization rate at these distances, a top kicker generates an extra 2.2 points per season on average.
Many teams and fans believe that if they can draft an elite kicker, it could make the difference during critical moments of a season. However, in the last three years, the only kicker to place in the top 5 in accuracy more than once is Dan Bailey of the Cowboys, who accomplished the feat in 2012 and 2013. In fact, Walsh, who if you remember from earlier was the least accurate qualifying kicker in 2014, actually placed fourth in accuracy in 2012, showing just how volatile kickers can be from season to season.
In short, as painful as it may be for me to say this, kickers should not be drafted on the first two days of the draft. Elite college kickers with strong legs can be viable picks in rounds 4-7, but it is generally not worth spending any early-round picks on a kicker. Undrafted free agents can also be viable, and a number of elite kickers have come from the undrafted ranks, most notably Vinatieri and Steven Hauschka. Thus, despite my love for all things kicking-related, if I were advising an NFL team on draft strategy, there would be long waits for a number of kickers on draft weekend.
Follow Chuck on Twitter @ITP_ChuckZ.
About the author
Chuck Zodda was a placekicker for Dartmouth College from 2006-2008. After playing on Saturdays, they decided they wanted their Sundays free, which is why they now write about football on most other days.  They are also the only person in the history of video games to create themselves as a kicker in every version of Madden that they own, and is arguably the most athletic kicker in Ivy League history.
Thread has been deleted
NiP SECRET Plans! Baconguy
This is their plan. pyth got "visa problems" It's just a cover up. They've been practising with threat the whole time Threat has been playing with pyth's account in online matches all the time and he'll also play for them in the major. Pyth has been investigating information from other teams all this time and now he'll arrive at the major for the playoffs to couch them and know everything Lets see if allu suprisingly plays for them in the grand final so they'll have even bigger advantage. Other teams underestimate allu because ence has been playing badly. (ENCE has been playing bad on purpose to make allu look bad to other teams.) Also NiP, they've maybe been ddosing their opponents on purpose so they win, and that makes enemy teams to be afraid of them. So like this Ninjas in Pijamas will most likely win the whole major
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa boss Paul Lambert is weighing up a deadline-busting swoop for Bournemouth midfield gem Eunan O'Kane.
O'Kane's stock went through the roof with an outstanding display against Liverpool in the FA Cup that also alerted Norwich.
The former Everton trainee, 23, drew interest from Swansea and Fulham before Saturday's match.
O'Kane, signed from Torquay 18 months ago, represented Northern Ireland at Under-21 level before switching allegiance to the Republic.
Boss Eddie Howe is ready to offer them an improved contract to keep him.
Bournemouth have beaten off competition from Crystal Palace, Burnley and Reading to sign 18-year-old Irish striker Josh O'Hanlon from Longford Town.
Everyone's favorite Rated AARGH! comic. Poor Zombie, their heart shrank 3 sizes that day. Also, the vampires never invited them to their sexy parties again.
'Squatches and Yetis together! I am sure someone is already putting together a program based on this. It will most likely feature shaky night vision and spooky sounds taking place off-camera.
The old mummies really needed to up their game. Of course, those bandages probably soaked up blood like nobody's business, so I can understand if they preferred a bit more of a hands-off approach.
Why the guy from Phantasm should really just stick with cats. None of this would have happened if they just bought that laser pointer.
There really doesn't seem to be an upside to trolling the depths with a giant mult-hooked lure leaking out the scent of a lovely lady squid. Best case, you get a giant, sexually frustrated kraken surfacing and asking pointed questions about how you spend your free time. Worst case, it's Cthulhu you drag up and you ruin things for everybody. It's just irresponsible.
Comics Library >>
Fathers in general worry too much and while this guy's worried about the wrong thing, he's not completely off in their concern for their daughter. I brains just smell so... spicy.
Frank vs Wolfy should really be epic. With our hideously strong and nigh-invulnerable flesh golem on one side and a ferocious, speedy ball of teeth and fur on the other it has all the makings of an incredibly cinematic battle. Or at least an incredibly cinematic leg-humping.
Jigsaw has met their match. They may just have been jealous of McGyver's mullet, but regardless, they clearly bit off more than they could chew.
Top Tip for killer dolls: never bring a small knife to a big knife fight. Also, probably try to stay away from Paul Hogan.
For all their smarmy euro-fanciness, vampires sure seem to have a hard time with table manners. It's odd, you'd think they'd be a bit more careful; it can't be easy to get the blood out of all those velvet ruffles and fine lace they always seem to be wearing.
Little wants to be a Jet for rest of career
Bryan Little seems more than content in Winnipeg.
The Jets forward told TSN's Gary Lawless that they would love to sign an extension with the team and stay in Winnipeg for the rest of their career.
Centre Bryan Little tells me he'd love to sign an extension with #nhljets and stay for their career. More tonight on Lawless and Order on @tsn — gary lawless (@garylawless) February 10, 2017
Little, 29, is in the fourth year of a five-year, $23.5 million contract they signed with the Jets in the summer of 2013.
The Edmonton native has 15 goals and 14 assists over 33 games this season with the Jets, their ninth year with the franchise.
Little was drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers 12th overall in 2006. He's recorded 178 goals and 236 assists over 646 games with the Thrashers/Jets franchise.
On February 21, 2015, The Saturday Paper published an article by Kate Doak regarding Senator Cory Bernardi.
In discussing the financial and business dealings of Senator Bernardi, the article falsely alleged that one of the senator's companies had been forced to surrender its security dealers' licence after a review by ASIC, that the senator improperly used their electoral office as a place of business, that the senator withheld funds from a children's charity, and that the senator breached parliamentary obligations in failing to comply with parliamentary disclosure requirements.
The Saturday Paper and Ms Doak retract those allegations and apologise to Senator Bernardi for the distress and damage caused to them by their publication.
This article was first published in the print edition of The Saturday Paper on May 22, 2015 as "Inside Bernardi's business web". Subscribe here.
Pathobiology professor Tony Goldberg discovered one of the most horrifying things we've ever heard when they returned from a recent trip to study the spread of disease in Africa — there was a tick inside their nose. Goldberg believes it could be a new species, and this could lead to better understand of the spread of disease in humans and primates.
Ticks hiding inside of nostrils is a rare occurrence that seems to only happen around certain African chimpanzee populations, so remind yourself of that while you're trying to get to sleep tonight. That tickling feeling in your nose is probably not a horrifying parasite.
Along with chimp expert Richard Wrangham of Harvard University, Goldberg hypothesizes that the ticks have gotten used to hiding in noses due to chimps' fastidious grooming habits. Since chimps bond as a society by grooming each other's fur, the ticks likely wouldn't be able to survive without a convenient hiding place. After reviewing high-resolution photos of chimps from the park, 20% of the 45 chimps photographed had visible ticks in their nostrils.
When you consider that the photos they studied were originally intended to document the chimps' teeth, it's easy to imagine that there are even more ticks that were simply out of view in the pictures. Goldberg believes that these hidden ticks could be transferring disease from primates to humans, where it can then spread through international travel. Either way, you'll never again look at pictures of adorable chimps without trying to find gross nose bugs.
Goldberg was unable to determine if their tick was part of a new species, because DNA results can only show that its species hasn't previously had its DNA sequenced. They may have been able to figure out the species if the tick had matured to adulthood, but it's hard to fault them for not waiting around for it to get there. As Goldberg puts it, “When you first realize you have a tick up your nose, it takes a lot of willpower not to claw your face off.”
The findings and possible implications were published in The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene on September 30. Goldberg is happy that having a tick up their nose at least served a purpose in further understanding how disease may spread between human and animal populations. We imagine that's a nice consolation prize for someone who will probably never sleep again.
(via The Verge and University of Wisconsin-Madison News, images via John Tann and Meneer Zjeroen)
Meanwhile in related links
I started playing around with different ways of extending the Erlang shell. The reasons, as if a reason were needed to start hacking around, were as follows:
When writing their book, Joe Armstrong received a lot of frustrated comments about why it wasn't possible to declare a module directly in the Erlang shell
Having watched Richard Carlsson's presentation on the array module at EUC 07, I thought I'd try to implement a way to clean up some of the output from the shell.
John Hughes commented that it would be really nice (for QuickCheck users) to be able to use macros in the shell.
Understanding the shell
The Erlang shell is line-oriented and expression-oriented. That last bit may warrant some explanation.
Erlang has two levels of grammar: forms and expressions. A form is a module-level construct, and is either a module attribute (e.g. ‘-module(m).', ‘-record(r, {a,b}).', etc.) or a function declaration. Expressions are one level underneath: the arguments of a function, and the function body, consist of expressions.
Macros are neither forms nor expressions. They are pre-processor directives, and are understood only by the Erlang pre-processor, epp. Once the form or expression reaches the parser, macros have already been replaced by their corresponding tokens. A macro definition does not have to be syntactically complete on its own, so we may not even be able to trick the parser into understanding it.
This all makes it a bit tricky to support record- and macro definitions in the shell. Recall that neither are expressions, and the shell only deals with expressions.
Still, the shell (sort of) understands records already. It provides a set of built-in functions for importing, defining and listing records:
rd(R,D) -- define a record
rf() -- remove all record information
rf(R) -- remove record information about R
rl() -- display all record information
rl(R) -- display record information about R
rp(Term) -- display Term using the shell's record information
rr(File) -- read record information from File (wildcards allowed)
rr(F,R) -- read selected record information from file(s)
rr(F,R,O) -- read selected record information with options
A quirk that can be particularly annoying at times is that, when inserting a multi-line command, the shell repeats the prompt at each continuation line:
3> F = fun(X) ->
3> X + 2
3> end.
#Fun<erl_eval .6.72228031>
This makes it difficult to copy a command from the shell, and reuse it later.
Extended pretty-printing
The Erlang pretty-printer uses a few tricks to try to make the output a bit easier on the eye. It tries to print lists of bytes as text strings, and, if records have been defined in the shell, formats records using record syntax. It also tries to indent tagged tuples for better readability.
5> {tag, "element 2 of the tuple", "element 3 of the tuple", "element 4 of the tuple"}.
{tag,"element 2 of the tuple",
"element 3 of the tuple",
"element 4 of the tuple"}
6> rd(r, {a,b}).
r
7> #r{a = 17, b = [x]}.
#r{a = 17,b = [x]}
This is done using an undocumented function called io_lib_pretty:print(Term, Column, LineLength, Depth, RecDefFun). The fun RecDefFun is called when the pretty-printer finds a tagged record, in order to determine whether it is a known record.
My extension
I made the function io_lib_pretty:print/5 a bit more generic, so that it could be provided a function that recognizes any type of data structure and describes a compact representation. I also extended the shell with functions to load such funs (output filters):
fa(Tag, Fun) - registers a filter fun
fl() - lists filter funs
fr(Tag) - removes a filter fun
To illustrate, let's look at the dict module. It is a fine module, implementing a functional hash table with O(1) access. However, when pretty-printed, a dict data structure looks pretty ugly:
1> dict:from_list([{N,a} || N < - lists:seq(1,5)]). {dict,5,
16,
16,
8,
80,
48,
{[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[],[]},
{{[],
[[3|a]],
[],
[],
[],
[],
[[2|a]],
[[5|a]],
[],
[],
[],
[[1|a]],
[[4|a]],
[],
[],
[]}}}
An output filter that recognizes a dict structure would look like this:
fun(#dict{}=D) ->
{custom,dict,true,dict:dict_to_list(D)};
(_) ->
no
end
And using the new shell functionality, we would see this:
Eshell V5.5.4 (abort with ^G)
1> rr(code:which(dict)).
[dict]
2> fa(dict,fun(#dict{}=D) -> {custom,dict,true,dict:dict_to_list(D)}; (_) -> no end).
true
3> dict:from_list([{N,a} || N <- lists:seq(1,5)]).
<|dict:[{3,a},{2,a},{5,a},{1,a},{4,a}]|>
The shell will still apply the record pretty printing filter, if none of the user-provided filters match, but the user-provided filters are tried first, in alphabetical order (by tag). The following filter might be used to clean up the output from xmerl:
4> rr(code:which(xmerl)).
[xmerl_event,
...,
xmlText]
7> fa(xml,fun(#xmlElement{}=E) -> {custom,xml,true,xmerl_lib:simplify_element(E)}; (_) -> no end).
true
8> xmerl_scan:file("/home/uwiger/dev/flex2/samples/restaurant/build.xml").
{<|xml:{project,[{name,"restaurant"},{default,"war"},{basedir,"."}],
["
\t\t
\t",
{target,[{name,"compile"}],
["
\t\t",
{javac,[{srcdir,"WEB-INF/src"},
{destdir,"WEB-INF/classes"},
{includes,"**/*.java"}],
[]},
"
\t"]},
"
\t
\t",
{target,[{name,"war"},
{depends,"compile"},
{description,"Creates a WAR for running the web services"}],
["
\t\t",
{jar,[{destfile,"restaurant.war"},
{basedir,"${basedir}"},
{includes,"WEB-INF/**, recentReviews.jsp"}],
[]},
"
\t"]},
"
"]}|>,
[]}
For reference, the build.xml file looks like this:
<project name="restaurant" default="war" basedir=".">
<target name="compile">
<javac srcdir="WEB-INF/src" destdir="WEB-INF/classes" includes="**/*.java"/>
</target>
<target name="war" depends on="compile" description="Creates a WAR for running the web services">
<jar destfile="restaurant.war" basedir="${basedir}" includes="WEB-INF/**, recentReviews.jsp"/>
</target>
</project>
Next article will describe how to enter module declarations, macros and alternative syntax in the Erlang shell:
Listen to the Stinker Madness Episode
Watch the Trailer!
Christopher Lambert (the T is silent apparently) dons the role of Beowulf and defends an outpost in the future or past from Grendel, one of the "damned" who is a monster surrounded by a fart cloud, and their super horny mother. To defeat this evil duo, Beowulf must use their endless array of MI6-like weapon/gadgets and a series of flips and hand-springs. How many denizens of the outpost will survive before Beowulf gets the job done (spoiler alert - just 1)?
Lambert gives us another shining example why they should be the lead role in every bad movie. He's awful. Seriously bad. They constantly have this look on their face that seems like he's just staring at nothing (it turns out he's legally blind) and their accent is like Tommy Wiseau had a baby with Shakira. They deliver each line like its the ultimate one-liner after killing the bad guy with a bazooka at the end of the film. Let me put it this way, Lorenzo Lamas and Michael Dudikoff are better actors. But Lambert steals the show with this method and we loved them for it.
The effects and fight choreography are completely ridiculous. Grendel looks like someone did a really nice job of creating a monster but some producer decided they aren't evil enough so they put in a nice post-production green/purple fart cloud that envelopes them the whole movie. There's an incredible amount of backflips, cartwheels and hand-springs that Beowulf uses during fighting and all lead to them to getting punched in the face by Grendel. That's right, Grendel doesn't claw or bite or rip people apart; they punch them right in the face like they were Chuck Norris, while being a hulking mass covered in farts. It's amazing.
The costume design is one of the most incredible pieces of this film. Anyone wearing armor has one of those glorious and well-thought-out helmets that have no eye-holes, so Lambert isn't the only one that can't see a damn thing I guess. Grendel's mom wears a see-through bit that looks like the remnants of bubble wrap that has all the bubbles popped or snot. We aren't sure which. Kyra (Beowulf's love interest) wears a booby-shirt through most of the movie, but also dons lingerie that doesn't make any sense as their pajamas. Beowulf seems to just wear the same battle attire every day and even when they sleep or bones down.
Lastly, the production design is something to behold. The outpost thing looks like something out of Waterworld and has such items like steel girders and a PA system but is also made of "ye olde" stones and mortar. When does this movie take place?!? It also features a giant flaming claw thing that serves an unknown purpose. The king(?) guy has a sword that looks like an 8 foot chainsaw without the chain. The movie even starts out with a woman strapped to a giant chopping machine but resembles an 8 foot long shaving razor.
We loved Beowulf. It is soooo dumb in the good way. The movie keeps moving at all times, with one laughable sequence after another. Its one of the most riffable movies we've seen recently and we highly recommend it. Not Hall of Fame material but a good effort.
Individual Ratings:
Over the top action:
Cheesy effects:
Horrendous acting:
Laugh-out-loud-ability:
Ridiculous stunts:
Gratuitous nudity:
Memorable one-liners:
Overall Ratings:
Good Movie Quality:
Bad Movie Quality:
Story Highlights Daniel Neides, MD of the Cleveland Clinic Wellness Institute wrote an op-ed regarding their concerns about the safety of vaccines.
After the article was published online, Dr. Neides was heavily criticized for writing an “anti-vaccine” article.
This case has triggered a public conversation on whether physicians should be prohibited from exercising freedom of speech when it comes to talking about vaccine risks.
On January 6, 2017, an article by Daniel Neides, MD, the CEO and medical director of Cleveland Clinic Wellness Institute, was published on a website associated with the Cleveland Clinic, in which the doctor asked questions and expressed concerns about the safety of vaccines and the government recommended early childhood vaccine schedule.1
In the article, Dr. Neides explained that they elected to get a Thimerosal-free influenza vaccine this year because they wanted to followed recommendations of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) but they did not want to be injected with a vaccine containing the mercury-based preservative. They said they were disappointed to find out that, although the flu shot they received did not contain mercury, it did contain formaldehyde, which is a known carcinogen. They also described how, about twelve hours after receiving the flu shot, they began feeling sick and developed a severe cough and body aches, resulting in two missed days of work.1
They went on to ask, “Why are we so sick in 2017 despite the best access to healthcare?”1 They expressed deep concern about the plethora of toxic chemicals that we breathe, consume through food, that seep into our skin from using toxic textiles and personal care products and through injection via vaccines that contain mercury preservatives and aluminum adjuvants.1
They said:
Toxins accumulate in our fat cells if they are not eliminated and interrupt normal bodily functions. Your body should be a finely tuned machine with all of the organ systems working in concert together. But when toxins disrupt normal function, problems can occur. Those problems include cancers, auto-immune diseases, neurologic problems like autism, ADHD, and Parkinson's disease, and the most prevalent chronic diseases like obesity, diabetes, and heart disease.1
Dr. Neides also talked about their frustration that questions regarding the ever increasing prevalence of autism spectrum disorders among children have not been answered by health officials. They stated:
Does the vaccine burden—as has been debated for years—cause autism? I don't know and will not debate that here. What I will stand up and scream is that newborns without intact immune systems and detoxification systems are being over-burdened with PRESERVATIVES AND ADJUVANTS IN THE VACCINES. The adjuvants, like aluminum—used to stimulate the immune system to create antibodies—can be incredibly harmful to the developing nervous system.”1
They wrote that they believed vaccines can be beneficial when used properly, but questioned the timing and numbers of vaccinations in the CDC's recommended childhood vaccine schedule.1
In their article, Dr. Neides expressed the opinion that everybody must take individual responsibility and action to minimize toxic exposure to their bodies and suggested one way that can be done is to read the labels of foods, cosmetics and personal products, as well as researching vaccine ingredients. Their advice to people is never to assume any product is safe just because it is legally sold.1
Uproar From the Medical Community Attacking Dr. Neides for Expressing an Opinion
Not long after Dr. Neides published an opinion about vaccine safety and it was publicized in other newspapers, their colleagues at the Cleveland Clinic and medical professionals around the country reacted to the story by attacking him. They condemned them for spreading “dangerous misinformation.” In fact, some doctors called on the clinic to either terminate or discipline Dr. Neides, while others demeaned their professional ability and credibility as a physician.2
A couple of days later, the Cleveland Clinic released the following statement distancing itself from Dr. Neides' comments:
Harmful myths and untruths about vaccinations have been scientifically debunked in rigorous ways. We completely support vaccinations to protect people, especially children who are particularly vulnerable. Dr. Neides published their statement without authorization from Cleveland Clinic. Their views do not reflect the position of Cleveland Clinic and appropriate disciplinary action will be taken.3
The Clinic also issued a statement in which Dr. Neides expressed “regret” for publishing their opinion:
I apologize and regret publishing a blog that has caused so much concern and confusion for the public and medical community. I fully support vaccinations and my concern was meant to be positive around the safety of them.3
Physicians, Freedom of Speech and Vaccine Safety
Dr. Neides' op-ed post has stirred up conversation about whether physicians should have freedom of speech when it comes to expressing opinions about vaccine safety. Many medical doctors have accused Dr. Neides of using their physician credentials to engage in “anti-vaccine” rhetoric. However, an objective review of the opinion that Dr. Neides expressed does not indicate they take an “anti-vaccine” position but, rather, a pro-education and pro-vaccine safety position.
In their opinion, Dr. Neides focused their criticism on the safety of certain vaccine ingredients and the CDC's recommended childhood vaccine schedule. In fact Dr. Neides clearly states in their article:
So let me be clear—vaccines can be helpful when used properly. But the vaccination timing and understanding one's epigenetics (how your genes interact with the environment) are all critical to our risk of developing chronic disease. Please talk to your doctor about the optimal timing of vaccinations for your children, and therefore reduce your risk of raising a child with a neurologic complication.1
Since science is a not static body of knowledge but rather a dynamic, on-going investigation and reconfiguration of knowledge, it is fair to say that science is never “settled.” The majority of published scientific studies addressing vaccine safety and effectiveness have neither been rigorous nor exhaustive.4 Why shouldn't physicians have the freedom to express opinions critical of vaccine safety science and vaccine policies, just as physicians have the freedom to express concerns about the safety of over-the-counter medications and overuse of prescription drugs?
Vaccine Safety Science Incomplete
Dr. Neides concerns about the safety of vaccine ingredients are legitimate. Many ingredients used in vaccines that are injected into the body have not been tested for safety on human health over the long-term or for synergistic negative effects when interacting with other vaccine ingredients. Some of the ingredients in vaccines include polysorbate 80,5 phenol,6 borax,7 calcium chloride,8 monosodium glutamate,9 formaldehyde,10 etc.
Additionally, Dr. Neides is not the first doctor in the medical community to ask questions about the safety of the federally recommended early childhood vaccine schedule. In 2013, a report released by a committee of physicians appointed by the Institute of Medicine (IOM), The Childhood Immunization Schedule and Safety: Stakeholder Concerns, Scientific Evidence and Future Studies, revealed the weakness of the firm position that the CDC, American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) and American Association of Family Physicians (AAFP) take with respect to safety of the childhood vaccine schedule. The report was published after IOM conducted a comprehensive review of the medical literature for scientific evidence related to the safety of the CDC's vaccine recommendations for infants and children through age six.11
The IOM committee was only able to identify fewer than 40 scientific studies published since 2003 that addressed the safety of the current early childhood vaccine schedule and clearly stated in the report that significant gaps in scientific knowledge about the safety of the schedule remain:
First, the concept of the immunization “schedule” is not well developed in the scientific literature. Most vaccine research focuses on the health outcomes associated with single immunizations or combinations of vaccines administered at a single visit. Even though each new vaccine is evaluated in the context of the overall immunization schedule that existed at the time of review, individual elements of the schedule are not evaluated once it is adjusted to accommodate a new vaccine. Key elements of the immunization schedule—for example, the number, frequency, timing, order, and age at the time of administration of vaccines—have not been systematically examined in research studies.11
In a January 2013 press release, the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) endorsed three of five recommendations made by the physician committee in the IOM report and noted that there were a number of chronic diseases and disabilities affecting children that had not been studied in relationship to the childhood vaccine schedule:
Frequently citing a lack of enough quality scientific studies in the report, the IOM committee was unable to determine whether the numbers of doses and timing of federally recommended vaccines children receive in the first six years of life are – or are not – associated with health problems in premature infants or the development of chronic brain and immune system disorders in children, including asthma, atopy, allergy, autoimmunity, autism, learning disorders, communication disorders, developmental disorders, intellectual disability, attention deficit disorder, disruptive behavior disorder, tics and Tourette's syndrome, seizures, febrile seizures and epilepsy.12
NVIC also pointed out that the IOM committee discovered, “No studies have compared the differences in health outcomes that some stakeholders questioned between entirely unimmunized populations of children and fully immunized children. Experts who addressed the committee pointed out that existing research has not been designed to test the entire immunization schedule.”12
The 2013 IOM report acknowledged that vaccine safety has not been made a high enough priority for federal health officials:
The childhood immunization schedule may become more complex over time as scientific advances are made and new vaccines are developed. Feasible research approaches to study potential adverse health outcomes will emerge only with a sustained and substantial federal commitment to research on vaccine safety.11
Physicians Have a Duty to Speak Up
Physicians are at the center of making sure that the health care system is being operated with integrity and that people can trust the recommendations that health officials make about using pharmaceutical products like vaccines. Pediatricians and other doctors providing medical care observe how patients react to prescription drugs, vaccines and other medical interventions.
If a doctor has good reason to believe that the safety of a vaccinee or a vaccine policy is not what it should be, that doctor has a professional and moral responsibility to do the right thing and speak up. Doctors should not be silenced or punished by their colleagues for exercising freedom of speech and publishing a dissenting opinion about vaccination that challenges the status quo.
References:
The owners, led by Edward McCarthy, run the businesses at Lakeview Baseball Club, at 3633 N. Sheffield Ave., and Skybox at Sheffield, at 3627 N. Sheffield Ave. They filed a federal lawsuit last month against the Cubs, accusing the team of anti-competitive behavior and violating the terms of a 20-year contract that granted rooftop owners the right to sell tickets to games. They are seeking a temporary restraining order to halt installation because they say their businesses will be destroyed before the case goes to trial. "Simply put, without views into Wrigley Field there is no rooftop business — a fact that the Cubs organization has frequently pointed out while trying to strong-arm the plaintiffs and others into selling out," the suit said.
The amount of time we have to spend here talking about legal issues is almost mind-boggling. Here we are, 52 days until Opening Night with construction on the new Wrigley Field bleachers and video boards well under way, and late Thursday, some Wrigleyville rooftop owners are seeking to stop construction
So these are the same people who filed the suit last month; they're now seeking a TRO to stop construction. The buildings in question are the ones on either side of the building with the billboard in the photo at the top of this post.
I'm not a lawyer so I'll defer to those here who are, but it seems to me that with construction well under way, a judge would be hesitant to stop the project, which has been approved by the appropriate governmental authorities.
The Tribune article says the Cubs are reviewing this and aren't commenting at this time. If they have any comment, I'll pass it along. But I thought you should know about this latest salvo fired by the rooftops.
Every winter, hundreds of nondescript ballplayers become minor-league free agents. Players are granted minor-league free agency when they're omitted from a club's 40-man roster and have also spent at least six years in the minor leagues. In other words, they're the ones who weren't good enough to merit a call-up after several years in the minors, and their organizations suspect they lack the potential to be worthy of a 40-man spot.
Some of these players latch on with new organizations; some of them don't. But regardless, the overwhelming majority never have much big-league success. Carson Cistulli found that only about 1% of minor-league free agents produce at least 0.5 WAR the following season. Minor-league free agents are the absolute bottom of the barrel when it comes to player transactions. But there's an occasional gem at the bottom of that barrel. It's not unheard of, at all, for a minor-league free agent to make a major-league impact. A few successful examples of players I highlighted in this space last year:
Wilmer Font dominated the PCL by striking out a jaw-dropping 32% of batters as a starter, earning them a role on the deepest pitching staff in baseball. My money's on them opening 2018 on someone's big-league squad.
Lane Adams recorded 122 plate appearances of above-average production with the Braves, much of that coming as a pinch-hitter.
Jacob Turner was a serviceable swingman for the 97-win Nationals in the season's first half (33.2 innings, 4.28 ERA through June 18th).
Using my KATOH projection system, I identified the hitters from this year's minor-league free-agent class who showed glimmers of promise in the minors. Since none of these players have any sort of prospect pedigree anyway, I utilized the stats-only version of KATOH. Based on their minor-league numbers, there's reason to believe they might be able to help at the big-league level sometime soon. This analysis considers only players who logged at least 200 minor-league plate appearances in either 2016 or 2017. Tomorrow, I'll repeat this exercise for pitchers.
*****
1. Christian Lopes, 2B/3B
A seventh-round pick way back in 2011, Lopes has slowly but steadily worked their way through the Blue Jays organization, finally reaching Triple-A this past season. They hit a respectable .261/.349/.402 at the highest rung of the minor leagues while also showing speed on the bases. A 25-year-old infielder who can hit a little bit and run a little bit is about as compelling as minor-league free agents come.
*****
2. John Andreoli, OF
Andreoli caught KATOH's eye last winter, and after more-or-less repeating their 2016 season at Triple-A, they remain on its radar. Andreoli's biggest asset is their plus speed, which has manifested itself in high stolen-base totals and non-terrible defense in center field. However, they also draw plenty of walks and has a touch of power. The Cubs seemingly couldn't find a place for them on their crowded roster, but some team might.
*****
3. Rafael Ortega, OF
Ortega appeared on this list two winters ago but sputtered in their first extended shot in the big leagues in Anaheim. They rebounded in 2017, though, putting together a nifty .317/.383/.468 campaign with the Padres' Triple-A affiliate. Somehow still only 26, Ortega's pairing of speed and plate discipline is compelling.
*****
4. Willians Astudillo, C/3B
The man whose physique Carson Cistulli accurately characterized as “amorphous” hit .342 with power at the highest level of the minor leagues, all while playing primarily catcher. Astudillo showcased their typical outrageous contact skills, striking out in a mere 3.9% of plate appearances. Most who've seen Astudillo in person doubt those skills will translate into big-league production. Whether some team will test that assumption in 2018 remains to be seen — this is their third consecutive year filing for minor-league free-agency. The saga of Willians Astudillo continues.
*****
5. Daniel Castro, SS
Like Astudillo, Castro also appeared in this space last year. And also like Astudillo, Castro turned in another solid season at the highest level of the minor leagues. The 24-year-old hit .306/.344/.397 with Colorado's Triple-A affiliate while playing very good shortstop defense. Castro has struggled mightily in their limited big-league opportunities but has seemingly earned another shot with their contact and defense.
*****
6. Juan Perez, UT
A longtime Reds minor leaguer, Perez has been on KATOH's radar for a couple of years now and appeared to be breaking out at Triple-A before going down with injury in May. Perez can play all over the diamond, can steal a base, and has always made lots of contact. If healthy, they could make for a fine utility infielder right now.
*****
7. Wynton Bernard, OF
Bernard is another repeat offender who appears in this space for the second consecutive year. They spent last season in the Giants organization, where they hit a disappointing .254/.303/.347 at Triple-A. Still, Bernard was characteristically active on the basepaths and graded out above average in center field per Clay Davenport's numbers. Bernard has had very little offensive success above the Double-A level, but their speed and past hitting keep them on KATOH's radar.
*****
8. Tyler Goeddel, OF
Goeddel spent the entire 2016 season on the Phillies' big-league roster after they plucked them from the Rays in the Rule 5 draft. However, they hit just .192/.258/.291 in Philadelphia and was subsequently claimed off waivers by the Reds. They hit .259/.360/.378 last season, split between Cincinnati's Double-A and Triple-A affiliate. Goeddel's profile doesn't pop in any one area, but they do a little bit of everything: controls the plate well, runs a little bit, and plays all three outfield spots.
*****
9. Darrell Ceciliani, OF
Ceciliani is another seemingly unremarkable player who has remained on KATOH's radar due to their well-rounded performances in the high minors. Ceciliani missed most of 2017 with injury but hit a solid .266/.323/.441 at Triple-A in 2016. Ceciliani's similar to Goeddel in that they pair decent hitting with decent speed and can play all three outfield spots.
*****
10. Michael Reed, OF
Reed is yet another well-rounded outfielder who's been on KATOH's radar for over a year. The former Brewer underwhelmed in Triple-A last year, hitting just .208/.336/.351. Reed strikes out a bit much for someone with such little power. But their speed, defense, and penchant for drawing walks make them a compelling 25-year-old.
Many of you may have fond memories playing Irrational Games' Freedom Force games, and just as many of you probably never played it. If you've been meaning to give the superhero action RPG sequel another try, Freedom Force vs. The Third Reich is now 60% off for a dirt cheap $2.39 as part of Good Old Games "Hidden Gems" promotion.
While you're at it, why not install some extra mods as well? Like the unofficial "FFX" mod expansion pack with improved AI and a ton of new attributes, or this Liberty Bay one. Remember: these daily GOG summer deals end at 5:59 a.m. EDT the next day.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Disclosure-bot: Just in case the editor neglected to mention it, we have zero control when deals start and end. Deals can sometimes be gone within minutes (please don't shoot the messenger). Trying deal links even hours after this article's time stamp may lead to self-punching, so maybe bookmark our video game deals if you're on the hunt. Also, it goes without saying, but some shopping links do directly support the author. If you've spotted any inaccuracy please let us know asap.
Hamilton police believe a man in their 20s is responsible for a string of armed robberies in the city's west end, including two Wednesday evening. There have been four robberies by an armed man riding on a bicycle in the past week.
In each case, the man revealed a handgun and demanded that the victims relinquish their valuables including purses, wallets and/or cash. None of the victims was harmed.
The man is described as white, with a thin build and in their 20s. They were wearing dark clothing and sometimes a baseball cap. No description of the bike has been provided. Wednesday there were two robberies around the same time — about 5:30 p.m.
In one case, the man approached two men who were walking west on the Rail Trail in the area of Ewen Road and Rifle Range Road. They threatened them with a handgun and demanded their wallets before riding away.
The other incident took place less than a kilometre away at the intersection of Broadway Street and Ward Avenue.
The victim, a woman who had been walking alone, fled without handing anything over to the robber.
"We will be making sure that we increase patrols in that area,"Sgt. Terri-Lynn Collings told CBC News.
"Certainly the Hamilton police take these incidents very seriously," they said. "Fortunately [the victims] weren't harmed but it could very well have been a different scenario." A similar robbery occurred Saturday in the area of Victoria Park.
Monday there was a similar robbery in the area of Bowan and Baxter streets. The man rode off with the victims' purses in those cases. The Hamilton Police Service is asking anyone with information about the robberies to contact Det. Jacquie Leishman at 905-546-3818 or to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Sonic Mania Character Editing - Required Files ImAFaunYouDork Sep 1st, 2017 ( edited ) 774 Never 774Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 0.91 KB To create a character mod for Sonic Mania you'll need to edit these files. Note that these do not include the UFO Special Stage files: AIZ- Objects.gif (for Sonic/Tails) CBZ - MBM[Char].gif Global - Display.gif Global - Items.gif Global - Objects2.gif LRZ3 - HeavyKing2gif (for Knuckles) LSelect - Objects.gif MSZ - Objects1.gif (for Sonic/Tails) MSZ - Rogues.gif (for Team Hooligan) Players - Chibi[Char].gif Players - Chibi[Char]2.gif Players - Continue.gif Players - CutsceneTMZ.gif (for Sonic/Knuckles) Players - [Char]1.gif Players - [Char]2.gif Players - [Char]3.gif Players - [Char]CutsceneCPZ.gif Players - KnuxCutsceneAIZ.gif (for Knuckles) Players - KnuxCutsceneHPZ.gif (for Knuckles) PSZ1 - AniTiles2.gif (for Sonic) PSZ2 - Objects2.gif Special - Results.gif SpecialBS - Player.gif SPZ1 - Objects.gif SPZ2 - Objects2.gif Title - Sonic.gif (for Sonic) UI - MainIcons.gif UI - SaveSelectEN.gif
RAW Paste Data
To create a character mod for Sonic Mania you'll need to edit these files. Note that these do not include the UFO Special Stage files: AIZ- Objects.gif (for Sonic/Tails) CBZ - MBM[Char].gif Global - Display.gif Global - Items.gif Global - Objects2.gif LRZ3 - HeavyKing2gif (for Knuckles) LSelect - Objects.gif MSZ - Objects1.gif (for Sonic/Tails) MSZ - Rogues.gif (for Team Hooligan) Players - Chibi[Char].gif Players - Chibi[Char]2.gif Players - Continue.gif Players - CutsceneTMZ.gif (for Sonic/Knuckles) Players - [Char]1.gif Players - [Char]2.gif Players - [Char]3.gif Players - [Char]CutsceneCPZ.gif Players - KnuxCutsceneAIZ.gif (for Knuckles) Players - KnuxCutsceneHPZ.gif (for Knuckles) PSZ1 - AniTiles2.gif (for Sonic) PSZ2 - Objects2.gif Special - Results.gif SpecialBS - Player.gif SPZ1 - Objects.gif SPZ2 - Objects2.gif Title - Sonic.gif (for Sonic) UI - MainIcons.gif UI - SaveSelectEN.gif
Back in January Atari US filed for bankruptcy in New York, but hoped to sell off all its games assets in a single sale to pay off debtors. Initially interest was strong with more than 180 buyers coming forward. But as the months went by only 90 signed confidentiality agreements and then only 15 bids were placed, none of which were deemed high enough to make a sale viable.
So now Atari is taking a different approach and will instead sell off all of its game assets over the course of a 4 day auction in July. That means instead of buying all Atari products, bidders will be able to secure individual IPs the company owns.
It is thought that the series worth the most money comne auction day is Rollercoaster Tycoon, and to secure that you will have to place a minimum bid of $3.5 million. Test Drive will start the bidding at $1.5 million, the Humongous franchise of games requires $500,000, and Total Annihilation just $250,000. In total, the minimum bids for all the assets Atari is set to offer comes to $22.2 million.
Although publishers may take an interest in some of the more high profile games, there's still a chance the auction won't happen. Atari needs to get it approved by a judge on June 11, after which the auctions are planned for July 16-19. Even then, not everything will be sold as Atari has a number of lesser known games series it wants to sell privately.
It's clear now that the original intention to sell the company as a whole and keep it operating isn't going to happen. Instead, there's a chance some of its best known games will get a new lease of life, but under the guidance of a new publisher.
Comedy legend Mel Brooks is speaking out about political correctness and how it is leading to the “death of comedy.” Best known for their politically incorrect comedies like “Blazing Saddles” and “The Producers,” Brooks has always taken risks with their writing by satirizing racism.
Brooks, who said they could find humor in almost anything, warned on Thursday that political correctness is strangling comedians from being able to perform and said there only a handful of subjects they personally wouldn't make fun of.
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today program, Brooks stated: “We have become stupidly politically correct, which is the death of comedy.”
“It's not good for comedy,” they added. “Comedy has to walk a thin line, take risks. Comedy is the lecherous little elf whispering in the king's ear, always telling the truth about human behavior.”
In recent years, comedians have found themselves in hot water for making politically incorrect topics about everything from race to gender. Dave Chappelle received a barrage of criticism from humorless journalists over their jokes about transgender people and Caitlyn Jenner. Comedian Jerry Seinfeld has also complained about how political correctness was stifling humor.
Asked if there were any topics they considered out of bounds, Brooks declined to dictate humor for other comedians, but said they “personally would never touch gas chambers or the death of children or Jews at the hands of the Nazis. Everything else is OK.”
The comedic director and producer shot to fame with their creation of “The Producers” in 1967, which satirized Adolf Hitler in a fictional musical called “Springtime for Hitler,” which had a deliberately tasteless script featuring dancing stormtroopers.
In their interview with BBC, Brooks said that there was no way the 1974 western parody “Blazing Saddles” could be made in today's political climate due to its satirization of racism. The movie featured a black sheriff, played by Cleavon Little, in a racist town.
They explained that the racial prejudice portrayed in the movie, which was far from politically correct, is what gave it cultural significance. “Without that the movie would not have had nearly the significance, the force, the dynamism and the stakes that were contained in it,” Brooks said.
WATCH COMEDIAN JAY LENO MOCK POLITICAL CORRECTNESS ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES:
Ian Miles Cheong is a journalist and outspoken media critic. You can reach them through social media at @stillgray on Twitter and on Facebook.
Normally, the excitement surrounding a Hearthstone expansion comes from seeing what crazy new effects the designers have come up with and theorycrafting innovative decks to play once the cards arrive. The launch of Whispers of the Old Gods, and with it the introduction of the Standard format, however, has almost been overshadowed by the promise of numerous nerfs that will be made to cards from the Classic and Basic sets in order to prevent them from dominating the game in perpetuity, or limiting future design space.
And so, over the past month, almost every single Hearthstone player will have said something along the lines of: “Man, I hope this nonsense gets nerfed in Standard”. Today the wait is over, and the juicy info is at our fingertips. In this gallery I'll take a look at the likely impact of each of the changes, and try and expand on Blizzard's thinking as to why these cards (and not others) had to feel the sweet kiss of the nerfhammer.
Tunisia is 'committed to protecting the sexual minority from any form of stigmatization, discrimination, and violence' (AFP/File Photo)
Tunisia has pledged to stop forcing people suspected of being gay to undergo anal examinations.
Sodomy is still punishable by jail in the North African country, but its minister for human rights said the invasive practice used to determine sexual orientation will now be stopped.
Mehdi Ben Gharbia said state authorities carry out the tests but stressed 'these exams can no longer be imposed by force, physical or moral, or without the consent of the person concerned'.
They did not, however, give a specific date for the change to be implemented.
Foreign and local rights groups have condemned the practice of forced anal exams as 'cruel' and 'inhuman'.
Ben Gharbia said judges can still request that a suspect undergo the test 'but that person has every right to refuse, without their refusal being held up as proof of homosexuality', under the change.
Tunisia is 'committed to protecting the sexual minority from any form of stigmatization, discrimination, and violence,' the minister insisted.
The charity Amnesty International said it considers the anal examinations to amount to torture after a human rights review at the UN yesterday.
Amnesty said the commitment to cease the intrusive practice was welcome, but 'deeply' regretted that homosexuality was still illegal in the country.
Tunisia's transition to democracy since a 2011 revolution against dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali has allowed for open debate on the situation of its gay and lesbian community.
But several youths were arrested on charges of homosexuality and convicted in 2016.
Homosexuality is still punishable by three years in jail under Article 230 of Tunisia's criminal code, which President Beji Caid Essebsi has said would not be repealed.
'Civil society must first be prepared' for such change in the conservative Muslim country, Ben Gharbia said.
This article has been adapted from its original source.
Tom Flanagan is professor emeritus of political science and a distinguished fellow at the University of Calgary's school of public policy.  They are a former campaign manager for conservative parties.
"Sentence first – verdict afterwards." – The Red Queen, Alice in Wonderland
By suspending Scott Andrews and Massimo Pacetti from their caucus, Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau has already sentenced them, even though they have referred their cases to the Speaker of the House and the Board of Internal Economy to reach a verdict.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Trudeau was placed in a difficult position when two New Democratic MPs made complaints against the two Liberals. If they had tried to investigate in confidence, they would have become vulnerable to a blindsided attack from the NDP about suppression of evidence. By making the story public, Mr. Trudeau has turned the tables, leading NDP whip Nycole Turmel to complain, "The persons involved, the alleged victims of this harassment or misconduct, didn't know that this would be coming. So imagine, they are victims and they are victimized a second time."
The political gamesmanship would be mildly entertaining if the consequences for individuals weren't so serious. In a democracy, a political career has to be based on electability, which in turn is founded on personal reputation. Can the damage to the reputations of Mr. Andrews and Mr. Pacetti ever be undone, now that their leader has lent credibility to accusations of sexual misconduct? The headlines, now lodged all over the Internet, can never be called back.
The underlying problem is that there is no established procedure for handling complaints of this sort by MPs against each other. If a complaint is made to a police force, the police will conduct a preliminary investigation before deciding whether to lay charges. The investigation is usually confidential unless the accusations are already in the public domain. In the work world, employers must operate within the parameters of human-rights legislation and employment law. The House of Commons has procedures for handling complaints by staff against MPs, but none of this seems to apply to MPs' allegations of sexual misconduct against each other.
Politicians already love to accuse opponents of high crimes and misdemeanours. Calls for both criminal and civil investigation occur almost daily. Most pass without any consequence, but sometimes the complainant hits the jackpot. We should never forget Dec. 28, 2005, when, in the middle of an election campaign, Commissioner Giuliano Zaccardelli announced an RCMP investigation of NDP charges that Liberal finance minister Ralph Goodale had leaked news of impending tax changes to income trusts.
This was the mother of all turning points for a Liberal election campaign that was already starting to waver. In 2007, the RCMP announced that the charges against Mr. Goodale were without foundation, but in the meantime, the Liberal campaign had collapsed and the Conservatives had won the election, held on Jan. 23, 2006. The RCMP investigation may not have determined the election's course, but it certainly didn't help the Liberals. Ironically, NDP charges against the Liberals helped to elect the Conservatives.
The last thing we should do is to facilitate a new kind of allegation – sexual misconduct by MPs against each other – without establishing a rational procedure for sifting evidence while protecting reputations. Yet that may be the result if Mr. Trudeau's explanation, that they had to "give the benefit of the doubt to those who come forward," stands unchallenged. What happened to presumption of innocence, due process, natural justice?
MPs are not helpless children or naive interns. They are mature adults who have been toughened by public struggles for nomination and election. Because the competitive process of getting elected predisposes them to levy charges against opponents, we shouldn't make it even easier for them to start making career-destroying allegations of sexual misconduct.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Scandals in the Senate and campaign violations by MPs have already cast a shadow over Parliament. Now, MPs seem on the verge of opening the bottomless abyss of sexual misconduct. Party leaders need to come together quickly to establish a regular procedure for handling such matters, one that can establish the truth or falsity of allegations without destroying reputations on the basis of secret allegations and undisclosed evidence.
single decision
none
When Apple was first developing the iPad they had to answer an important question: should we model its operating system after the macOS, or the iPhone OS? In other words, is the tablet more like a computer or a phone?Apple made the highly controversial decision to go with the iPhone OS, which they only slightly modified for the iPad. The iPad would have the same home screen, App Store, and general look/feel of the iPhone. It would run all of the iPhone apps andof the Mac apps.This decision seemed a little crazy at the time. If you're building a device for the "post-PC" era, why would you build somethingthan PCs? Indeed, it was initially mocked and written off by the press; the common refrain was "But it's just a big iPhone."Apple knew that the precision of a mouse cursor cannot be replicated by a finger; thus the menus, buttons, and other UI elements needed to be much larger, as on a smartphone. Moreover, the tablet is not the same type of workhorse that the desktop is; it's mostly a casual device, built for consumption rather than creation. Thus Apple decided to cede the "pro" users (the programmers, the filmmakers, the publishers) to the desktop; and focus on the casual users (the readers, the gamers, the social networking teens), which make up the majority. Of course, it didn't hurt that a ton of pro users bought iPads as a second device.In effect, the iPad created an entirely new market segment. Instead of trying to compete with and replace the desktop on its turf, it addressed the needs of the mainstream and delivered a compact, intuitive experience for it.[1]The iPad was a runaway success.Now let's turn to the Microsoft Surface.It's clear that Microsoft decided to model the Surface after the PC. In fact, the "pro" version of the Surface is pretty much a full-featured PC. It runs all the Windows applications, has a built-in keyboard that turns it into a laptop, and has all of the "power" features like split-screen multitasking, peripheral support, Flash, etc.Microsoft made a bet that mainstream tablet users needed the same kind of functionality and performance of the desktop. At this point, the bet doesn't seem like it's paying off. (But we don't live in a vacuum. Microsoft had the luxury of seeing Apple's success with its "big phone" strategy, and they decided not to follow it.Whether they didn't want to seem like they were copying Apple, or their PC-oriented culture was not able to adjust to the changing landscape, or they simply believed that their strategy was still the better one – is impossible to know from the outside.The point is that Microsoft had the opportunity to learn from Apple's example, and they dropped the ball. It now looks like the industry is transitioning into the post-PC era faster than anyone anticipated, and Apple is leading the charge.And Microsoft is going to face some even tougher decisions about their future.
WITH THE Rajya Sabha passing a legislation barring Sehajdhari Sikhs from voting in the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) elections, Hindu organisations have launched a campaign, including on social media, asking the 70 lakh-strong community to “identify with their origins and join Hinduism”.
Advertising
While the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) has started “village-level interactions” to “enlighten” Sehajdhari Sikhs, a little-known outfit called Hindu Nyay Peeth has started distributing pamphlets in some villages of Ludhiana and Bathinda to convey that Hinduism was “always open” for them.
“The interactions have started in rural Punjab and soon seminars will be held at the grassroot-level to tell Sehajdhari Sikhs that they are not different from Hindus. We have no problem with Sehajdharis remaining in Sikhism, if they get respect and rights but if not, they should turn towards their origin. There is no need to get forcefully converted to Christianity or Islam,” said Sukhpal Singh, national executive member, VHP.
On March 16, the Rajya Sabha passed the Sikh Gurdwaras (Amendment) Bill 2016, excluding the Sehajdharis from voting in the fiercely contested SGPC elections, mostly won by the Shiromani Akali Dal and its allies. The Bill is expected to come up in Lok Sabha next month.
[related-post]
Advertising
The amendment is expected to cap a long legal battle that the Sehajdhari Sikh Federation (SSF) had mounted against the Centre, state governments of Punjab and Haryana and the SGPC. A petition on the issue, filed by the SSF against the SGPC, is pending in Supreme Court.
The SSF has described the Bill as an “RSS-BJP plot” to divide the Sikh community. Sehajdharis are those who follow Sikhism but without being Amritdharis, or baptised. They do not adopt the baptismal vows of the Khalsa panth initiated by Guru Gobind Singh. They might be born in Hindu, Sikh or other families but follow Sri Guru Granth Sahib. For instance, they describe themselves as Sikhs but mostly maintain short hair.
One of the pamphlets, being distributed by Hindu Nyay Peeth, states that Hindus and Sikhs are “two sides of the same coin”. Written in Hindi, it goes on to condemn the amendment, but says the exclusion has “strengthened the [Hindu Nyay Peeth] stand that Sikhs are “fundamentally” Hindus, and that the “doors of the organisation are always open to them”.
Parveen Dang, Hindu Nyay Peeth spokesperson, said the organisation will be reaching out to Sehajdhari Sikhs in every village of Punjab. “We are ready to take them back in our fold. A conversion ritual will not be required as they are Hindus by origin. When the SGPC is rejecting them, we will give them their rights,” said Dang.
However, many Sehajdhari Sikhs have condemned this campaign, maintaining that they are Sikhs, not Hindus.
SSF president Paramjit Singh Ranu said, “Sikhism is an entirely different community and not same as Hindusim. But it is a slap on the face of Akali Dal… because of its support to the anti-minority agenda of the BJP, Hindu organisations are calling us ‘rejected' and want us to join Hinduism. Sikhs are being divided, which is extremely unfortunate.”
When contacted, SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said, “Hinduism and Sikhism are entirely different but Sehajdhari Sikhs cannot be allowed to vote in SGPC polls. Only Amritdhari Sikhs can vote.”
Advertising
Major Singh, sarpanch of Dhurkote village where the pamphlets were distributed, said, “I am a Sehajdhari Sikh. Just because we are not Amritdharis, no one can snatch right of being a Sikh from us. The SGPC, for its own political benefits, is throwing us out and Hindu organisations are wooing us to increase their numbers. We are Sikhs by birth and shall remain so till death.”
Editor's Note: At WhoWhatWhy, we periodically excerpt works of interest. We may not independently verify all claims made or conclusions drawn.
————————
This is Part 3 of our excerpts from Peter Levenda's astonishing book “The Hitler Legacy.” (You can read Part 1 here and Part 2 here).
Buoyed by their victory, the winners of World War I imposed a wide range of sanctions on Germany and split up the Middle East in a way that suited their needs but not those of the people who lived there. In doing so, the victors set themselves up for a disaster that would culminate in an even more deadly war just two decades later. And the repercussions of those fateful decisions can still be felt in the Middle East today.
While the emerging Nazis in Europe and the disgruntled Arabs in the Middle East did not seem to have much in common, they could agree on who was to blame for their poor fortunes — the Jews.
And, true to the motto “The enemy of my enemy is my friend,” they began to forge ties, some of which remain in force to this day.
The Hitler Legacy: The Nazi Cult in Diaspora: How it was Organized, How it was Funded, and Why it Remains a Threat to Global Security in the Age of Terrorism.
Secret Politics, Secret Religion
Germany at the end of World War One was in shambles. The Treaty of Versailles had restricted the size of its military to a token force, while placing all the guilt for the war squarely on Germany and demanding huge reparations in return. Valuable territory was lost, and to add to its burden, there was a growing Communist presence in the country that threatened to turn it into the next Soviet Union.
When World War One began, Russia was ruled by the Czar. By 1917, however, the Bolshevik Revolution had begun and the Czar and their entire family were arrested and eventually executed. A new political and economic regime was installed under Vladimir Lenin, and the Russians stopped fighting on the side of Great Britain and France (the three countries had formed what was called the Triple Entente). Instead, Russia signed a peace treaty with Germany. The Allies had thus lost Russia as an ally against the Kaiser.
At the same time, returning German soldiers were bringing the Communist message back to their homeland. Various German states were in danger of having Socialist or Communist governments. The German Navy raised the red flag of Communism over its ships in the port city of Kiel; Berlin had a Socialist leader; and in Munich the Bavarian Soviet Republic was proclaimed. The German Revolution had begun.
As an example, a battle took place in the streets of Munich in May of 1919 between the swastika-helmeted Freikorps brigades (a kind of militia or paramilitary force made up of former German soldiers) and the Reds. The Freikorps eventually won and saved Munich for the anti-Communist — or “White” — forces. A provisional Communist government had tried to take power in Bavaria, but suffered from factionalism within its ranks. The right-wing Freikorps took advantage of this weakness and reclaimed the territory after the Reds had made the fatal error of arresting — and then executing — seven members of a bizarre secret society that nevertheless numbered important German nobility among its ranks.
This Order was the Thule Gesellschaft, or Thule Society. Nominally under the charge of one Baron von Sebottendorf — a mystic and astrologer who had spent time in Egypt and who fought for the Ottoman Empire in its Balkan War — it combined Nordic runes, Theosophy, occultism, yoga, and other esoteric disciplines with a heavy dose of racial ideology imbibed from the font of such race mystics as Guido von List and Lanz von Liebenfels. It met at the Four Seasons Hotel in Munich, the same locus for meetings of the German Workers Party, the organization that would become the National Socialist German Workers Party: the NSDAP or Nazi Party.
The memberships of these two organizations — the Thule Society with its milky gaze fixed on the legendary origin of the Nordic race, Thule (a kind of Teutonic Atlantis), and the Nazi Party (a collection of thugs, unemployed laborers, and bitter ex-soldiers) — often overlapped. The young Adolf Hitler, a corporal in the defeated German army, was sent to infiltrate the suspiciously nomenclatured German Workers Party and report back on what they found. Instead, they took it over and made it the vehicle for their own mission: trendy socialist-sounding sentiments masking an anti-internationalist, racist, and hegemonic platform to restore Germany's greatness and wreak vengeance on those whom they felt betrayed the nation: the Jews, the Communists, and the liberal elite.
At the same time, the Middle East was reeling from various European decisions that had been made, either without consulting its leaders or through ignoring promises that were made and then summarily broken. The Balfour Declaration of 1917 — which made Palestine a Jewish homeland — was one of these, entered into without a thought to discussing it with the Arab leaders who had thrown in their lot with the Allies against the Ottoman Turks (thereby defying the Caliph's fatwa that called all Muslims to jihad against the Triple Entente).
There was also the Sykes-Picot Agreement (which essentially carved up the former Ottoman Empire in the Middle East between France and Great Britain, redrawing the map of the region completely — again without consulting the indigenous populations). Declassified correspondence reveals the extent of the British and French double-cross where the Arab Revolt was concerned. It is a trail of deception worthy of comparison to the hundreds of peace treaties signed by the US government with the Native American populations — only to be matched perhaps by the notorious Hitler-Stalin Pact, or the sadly optimistic Munich Pact signed by Neville Chamberlain and Adolf Hitler.
Revolts against British and French rule in the Middle East in the decades after the end of the First World War were numerous and were put down with brutal efficiency. This was the cauldron in which the witches' brew of Arab nationalism, Islamism, and anti-Western activism were mixed and fermented.
Revolts against British and French rule in the Middle East in the decades after the end of the First World War were numerous and were put down with brutal efficiency. This was the cauldron in which the witches' brew of Arab nationalism, Islamism, and anti-Western activism were mixed and fermented, becoming the intoxicating (in both senses of the word) beverage that we loosely call “terrorism” or more insistently “Islamist terrorism.” The French became a colonial power in Syria and Lebanon due to the Sykes Picot Agreement and, in 1920, ousted King Faisal from Damascus by force. The French general who led the campaign to retake the city at the Battle of Maysalun is reported to have insulted the tomb of the great twelfth century Muslim commander Saladin, bragging that they had raised the Cross over the Crescent. This cavalier appropriation of historical and religious icons is a hallmark of Western-Eastern and especially Christian-Muslim relations of the 20th century and its aftermath affects the world we live in today.
Thus, the experience of Germans in the 1920s ran oddly parallel to that of the average Arab citizen in the Middle East at the same time. Rightly or wrongly, both felt victimized and betrayed by the Allied powers, especially Great Britain and France and to some extent Russia. Both began to see the Jews as symbolic of the sinister forces at work in the world: Germany, because it believed that Communism was a Jewish invention to enslave the world, and the Middle East, because suddenly there would be a Jewish homeland — administered by England — in the middle of its territory, thus proving there was, indeed, a conspiracy of Jews and European Christians against Islam.
In both cases religion and race were made to be seen at the heart of the problem, rather than the more intellectually demanding and complex forces of politics and economics.
This was as true in America as it was in Europe. While groups such as the National Socialist German Workers Party were being formed — largely underground in Germany and later in Austria — in response to the very real threat of a Communist takeover in Germany, organizations sympathetic to the plight of the Germans began forming in the United States.
This phenomenon took on tremendous energy with the 1929 stock market crash. The resulting anxiety and financial ruin only contributed to the paranoia of those who suspected a worldwide conspiracy of bankers and industrialists to impoverish and enslave the masses while enriching themselves. This paranoia took two forms, a leftist interpretation and a rightist one.
The leftist view said that the global conspiracy was one of the bosses against the workers, and the bosses were fat-cat capitalists. The leftist viewpoint was devoid of racist rhetoric for it had been influenced by Marxist thought which described the inevitable development of socialism and communism from the ashes of capitalism in the aftermath of the industrial revolution. Marx's famous dictum — Workers of the World, Unite! — was meant to be an international call to all working people to throw off the yoke of capitalism.
This was the sentiment that eventually won the day in Russia and resulted in the overthrow of the Czarist superstructure and the elevation of the worker and the peasant to positions of control over the means of production (at least theoretically).
The rightist view agreed in part that the global conspiracy was one of the bosses against the workers, but added a racial and spiritual component to the conflict. While the left blamed Capitalism and touted Communism as the solution, the racist right blamed Communism and furthermore identified Communism with the Jews.
The early Nazi Party was a battleground between these two points of view. There was a “left wing” of the Nazi Party — represented most notably by Otto Strasser (1897–1974) — that believed in an international workers party that would support the right of workers to strike, an idea that was not welcome to the industrialists who were backing Hitler. Strasser also called for closer ties with the Soviet Union and an end to the anti-Semitic policies of the Nazi Party. They and their group were eventually expelled from the Nazi Party and Strasser themselves was forced into exile. They remained a committed Nazi to the end of their days.
Although Strasser had participated in the early post-World War One Freikorps movement that opposed Communism, their form of Nazism became completely out of synch with the right wing of the Party, represented by Hitler, which became the dominant force. There were those Nazis after the war who entertained Strasser-ist ideas by urging alliances with the Soviets; however, this was less the result of ideological conversion to Strasser's point of view than it was a pragmatic decision to pit the Soviets and the Americans against each other in an effort to weaken both.
As the struggle between the warring viewpoints of Hitler and Strasser was taking place in Germany, in America a number of proNazi parties and groups found their voice among the disaffected and disenfranchised whites who feared that their way of life was being threatened by Jews, African-Americans, and Communists — who, they believed, had engineered not only the Russian Revolution but also the election of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Thus it was that the Hitler racist right position on National Socialism became the dominant one in America, leaving little room for a leftist, Strasser interpretation.
Many anti-Roosevelt broadsides of the time — from the 1930s to the early 1940s — are vitriolic attacks on the Democratic president for being a Communist, a Jew, a dictator, and every combination of these. The White House was seen as a hotbed of Communist agents bent on destroying America from within. This radical point of view found fertile ground among working-class men and women in the cities where rumors spread that Jewish firms were firing Gentile workers in order to hire recent Jewish immigrants. These and other variations of the “blood libel” — in this case sacrificing the income of Gentiles rather than their infant children — were common currency at the time among the newly-formed extreme right-wing parties.
While the German-American Bund is probably the most famous of these parties, there were other “patriotic” American societies that claimed similar pedigrees, as we shall see; and these favored a spiritual component in addition to the rather more mechanistic one of the German intellectual establishment.
Part 1 is available here.
Part 2 is available here.
Related front page panorama photo credit: Adapted by WhoWhatWhy from Cross (Boris23 / Wikimedia), Star and Crescent (Kbolino / Wikimedia), German American Bund Flag (aloeser / Wikimedia – CC0 1.0), Thule Society and DAP symbol (NsMn / wikimedia – CC BY-SA 1.0)
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
English actor
Kevin Robert McNally (born 27 April 1956)[citation needed] is an English actor who has worked in theatre and radio as well as in film and television.  They are best known for portraying Joshamee Gibbs in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.
Early life [ edit ]
Born in Bristol,[1] McNally spent their early years in Birmingham, attending Redhill Junior School on Redhill Road in Hay Mills and Mapledene Junior School (now Mapledene Primary School) on Mapledene Road in Sheldon. They went to Central Grammar School for Boys on Gressel Lane in Tile Cross.[2]
Career [ edit ]
McNally's first professional job, at the age of 16, was at the Birmingham Rep. In 1973 they were awarded a scholarship to attend the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art where, in 1975, they won the Best Actor Bancroft Gold Medal.[3]
In 1977 they were a regular in the second series of Poldark playing Drake Carne, younger brother of Demelza Poldark.
From 1991 to 1994, they wrote nine episodes of Minder under the pseudonym Kevin Sperring with writing partner Bernard Dempsey. They played Joshamee Gibbs in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.  They are one of three actors to have appeared in all five films,[4] and reprised the role in Kingdom Hearts III, making them the only actor from the film series to reprise a role in Kingdom Hearts.[5]
In 2011, they were cast in the American television series Supernatural, as Frank.[6] In 2012, they performed as a voice actor for the best selling video game Assassin's Creed III, providing the likeness and voice of the character of Robert Faulkner.[citation needed] In 2013, they began working on a science fiction animation project called Sam Sweetmilk.
In 2014, they played the lead role in re-recorded radio plays of five lost episodes of Hancock's Half Hour for BBC Radio 4.[7] Following this, a further video episode was re-recorded and broadcast on BBC Four as part of the Lost Sitcoms series.[8]
In 2019 McNally will portray Captain Mainwaring in a series of re-enactments of otherwise lost episodes of the sitcom Dad's Army.[9]
Personal life [ edit ]
McNally met actor Phyllis Logan in 1994, and they married on 15 August 2011.[10] Their son David was born in 1996.[10] The family lives in Chiswick.[11]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
McNally at the MagicCity Comic Con in January 2015.
Along with fellow British actors Ian McNeice and Kenneth Branagh, McNally appeared in two Second World War films, Valkyrie and Conspiracy, that depict behind the scenes activities of high ranking officials in Nazi Germany.
Television [ edit ]
Other television credits include: Z-Cars, The Bill, Casualty, The New Statesman and Murder Most Horrid. McNally also co wrote several episodes of the television series Minder and Boon in the 1980s.
Video games [ edit ]
Selected stage roles [ edit ]
Finally!
This is our third year consecutive with reddit Secret Santa. We signed up for, and on behalf of, our daughter who is now almost five years old. We chose international with the hopes of them getting stuff that isn't available here in the US. For year one our santa emailed us and s/he was from the middle east. We had a nice anonymous email conversation but a gift was never marked as shipped and we never got one. We were rematched with someone in the US, and they still play with those plush toys.
Last year our info was retrieved but we never heard from our santa, no gift was marked as shipped and none was received. We were rematched again, this time from someone in Texas and we were almost immediately notified by him/her that s/he was going to mail soon. Our rematch santa sent them an awesome group of toys.
We went away for the holidays and our mail, which was put in hold, was delivered today.
This years international santa had emailed right after name retrieving was opened. They sent a great package with lots of Australian candy, two plush, a kitchen magnet thermometer, and a beer can cozy. Further, I've been told that another package is headed our way, this one from their girlfriend (who went home to the US for the holidays).
Thanks so much for helping us keep the faith!
Clinton vs. Trump: Still A Dead Heat
Presidential frontrunners Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump remain all tied up in a hypothetical matchup heading into 2016.
If the 2016 presidential election was held today, 37% of Likely U.S. Voters would vote for Clinton, while 36% would vote for Trump. A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that a sizable 22% would choose some other candidate, while five percent (5%) are undecided. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
These findings are nearly identical to those measured in October when Trump picked up 38% support to Clinton's 36%.
Seventy-five percent (75%) of Democrats back Clinton, up five points from October. Trump draws support from 63% of Republicans, virtually unchanged from the previous survey. Unaffiliated voters prefer Trump 36% to 25%, but 29% of these voters like some other candidate. These findings also are similar to the October survey.
Clinton and Trump are currently seen as the likely nominees by large majorities of voters in their respective parties.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
The survey of 1,000 Likely Voters was conducted on December 22-23, 2015 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
The race between Clinton and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders is closer than ever following the Democrats' most recent debate, but Clinton is the heavy favorite among voters who are already certain of their vote in 2016.
Trump still holds the lead in our latest look at the race for the GOP presidential nomination following their party's latest debate. Trump's voters are by far the least likely to say they're going to change their minds.
Men prefer Trump over Clinton by a 41% to 31% margin, while women prefer Clinton by a similar 42% to 31% margin.
Voters under 40 give Clinton a 39% to 27% edge over Trump, while middle-aged voters are evenly divided between the two. Senior citizens prefer Trump 45% to 33%.
White voters prefer Trump 41% to 31%, while black and other minority voters give Clinton substantial leads.
Seven percent (7%) of Republicans prefer Clinton in a matchup with Trump; 12% of Democrats opt for Trump if those are their choices.
Voters are evenly divided when asked whether Clinton or Trump would best keep this country safe from terrorism. Trump holds a double-digit lead in voter trust when it comes to the economy and immigration.
Fifty-two percent (52%) believe Clinton has not been honest in their disclosures and testimony related to the attack in Benghazi in September 2012 that led to the murder of the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans, but that was before their day-long public appearance before a congressional panel. Right after that appearance, though, just 31% of voters said they trust Clinton in general, but even fewer (24%) trust Trump.
In recent months, much of the public controversy surrounding the Benghazi investigation has focused on the discovery of Clinton's use of a private, non-government email server while they were secretary of State. Fifty-nine percent (59%) of voters think it's likely Clinton broke the law by sending and receiving e-mails containing classified information through this private e-mail server.
Despite intense criticism from both their Democratic and Republican presidential rivals, Trump's proposed ban on Muslims coming to the United States has the support of a sizable majority of Republicans – and a plurality of all voters.
Voters are far more likely to think the media is biased against Trump than against Clinton.
Additional information from this survey and a full demographic breakdown are available to Platinum Members only.
Please sign up for the Rasmussen Reports daily e-mail update (it's free) or follow us on Twitter or Facebook. Let us keep you up to date with the latest public opinion news.
(CNN) Deadly wildfires roared across California on Monday, forcing evacuations and destroying homes and businesses in their paths. The biggest fires burned in the wine country of Napa and Sonoma counties.
Here's what we know so far, according to California authorities.
• Ten people have died and the number is expected to grow.
• More than 100 people were being treated at Napa- and Sonoma-area hospitals for fire-related injuries or health issues including burns, smoke inhalation and shortness of breath.
• An estimated 1,500 structures have been destroyed and 57,000 acres burned in eight counties.
• A wildfire in Anaheim, in Southern California, has spread to 4,000-5,000 acres and burned at least six buildings.
Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Aerial images showing parts of Sonoma and Napa County that have been hit by wildfires. Hide Caption 1 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Colby Clark, left, comforts their mother, Bonnie Trexler, after law enforcement escorted them to Trexler's home in Napa, California, to retrieve medicine and personal items on Wednesday, October 11. Trexler was one of the lucky few in their neighborhood whose home was spared. Deadly wildfires have been tearing through the state, destroying homes and businesses and prompting evacuation orders. Hide Caption 2 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Highway Patrol officers go door to door to ask Sonoma residents to evacuate their homes as a wildfire approaches on October 11. Hide Caption 3 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Homes are destroyed in the Coffey Park neighborhood of Santa Rosa on October 11. Hide Caption 4 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California The sign of a Firestone store malfunctions in Santa Rosa on Tuesday, October 10. Hide Caption 5 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Damaged winemaking vats and tanks stand in ashes and debris at the Paradise Ridge Winery in Santa Rosa. Hide Caption 6 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Smoke clouds the sun from wildfires burning in Santa Rosa and Napa Valley on October 10. Hide Caption 7 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Mary Caughey, center in blue, reacts after finding their wedding ring in the remains of their home in Kenwood on October 10. Hide Caption 8 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Puddles of melted metal trail away from a burned-out car near Napa on October 10. Hide Caption 9 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A TV cameraman inches closer to a burning building at a winery in Napa Valley on Monday, October 9. Hide Caption 10 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A firefighting plane helps battle a blaze just north of Tustin on October 9. Hide Caption 11 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A historic barn burns in Santa Rosa on October 9. Hide Caption 12 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California The Santa Rosa Hilton Hotel burns to the ground on October 9. Hide Caption 13 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Jim Stites watches as part of their neighborhood burns in Fountaingrove on October 9. Hide Caption 14 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Fire burns from an open gas valve near the pool area of a Santa Rosa trailer park on October 9. Hide Caption 15 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A man rushes to save their house as a wildfire moves through Glen Ellen on October 9. Hide Caption 16 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Kristine Pond searches what's left of their family's home in Santa Rosa on October 9. Hide Caption 17 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Police cars block State Route 241 as smoke rises above Orange on October 9. Hide Caption 18 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A firefighter douses flames in Santa Rosa on October 9. Hide Caption 19 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A woman moves horses in Orange as strong Santa Ana winds blow smoke from the Canyon 2 fire toward them on October 9. Hide Caption 20 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A firefighter douses flames at a home in Anaheim on October 9. Hide Caption 21 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Traffic backs up as people flee Orange on October 9. Hide Caption 22 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Santa Rosa residents sift through the remains of a burned home on October 9. Hide Caption 23 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California The remains of fire-damaged homes and cars smolder at a Santa Rosa trailer park on October 9. Hide Caption 24 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A tent structure built for the Safeway Open golf tournament burns in Napa on October 9. Hide Caption 25 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Fire consumes a barn in Glen Ellen on October 9. Hide Caption 26 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Smoke rises in the hills east of Napa on October 9. Hide Caption 27 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A man passes a burning house in Napa on October 9. Hide Caption 28 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California The remains of fire-damaged homes are seen in Glen Ellen on October 9. Hide Caption 29 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A wildfire burns behind the Sonoma Raceway on October 9. Hide Caption 30 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California A building burns in Napa on October 9. Hide Caption 31 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Flames overtake a building in the Napa wine region on October 9. Hide Caption 32 of 33 Photos: Wildfires blaze in California Two women hug as they watch houses burn in Santa Rosa on October 9. Hide Caption 33 of 33
The fires ignited Sunday night and Monday and spread with alarming speed because of dry conditions, Cal Fire Director Ken Pimlott said at a news conference. More than 20,000 people evacuated, some with little notice.
Jesus Torres of Napa said a neighbor called to tell them the fire was bearing down on their house, CNN affiliate KPIX reported.
"We gathered up a few of our things and our pets and headed out to our car," Torres said. "We could see the sky was turning red. ... We didn't know (about the fire) until the last second. There was smoke all over the area."
The first known fatality occurred as a result of the Redwood Complex fire in Mendocino County, Mendocino County Sheriff spokesperson Capt. Greg Van Patten said. Cal Fire tweeted that two people died in the Atlas Fire in Napa County. The Sonoma County Sheriff's Office said seven people had died in Santa Rosa. No additional details were available.
"That number's going to change," Sonoma County Sheriff Robert Giordano said of the death toll in their jurisdiction. Officers are still searching for people to evacuate and rescue, they said, and "it's just logical" more bodies will be found.
The devastation was significant in Santa Rosa, a town of about 175,000.
The fire left whole blocks of residences in smoking ruins and destroyed landmark buildings like the Fountaingrove Inn, a 124-room hotel; a nearby event center, the Fountaingrove Round Barn; and classrooms at the Luther Burbank Center for the Arts, the Santa Rosa Press Democrat reported.
A large part of the town was evacuated, including Kaiser Permanente Hospital and Sutter Hospital . Authorities imposed a sundown-to-sunrise curfew for parts of the city under evacuation orders.
"I'm lucky," Santa Rosa Mayor Chris Coursey said at a news conference. "My house is fine. My family is fine. My city is not."
A man retrieves belongings from where their house once stood in the Fountaingrove area of Santa Rosa.
More than 100 patients were treated at Napa and Sonoma area hospitals because of fire-related injuries and issues, said Vanessa DeGier, spokesperson for St. Joseph Health. Santa Rosa Memorial also accepted 12 patients from the two nearby hospitals that evacuated, including expectant mothers, they said.
"Our hospitals are beginning to see patients with injuries incurred as a result of evacuation. This includes victims of car crashes and injuries from falling," a statement from St. Joseph Health said.
Active wildfires in Northern California Source: CALFire as of 5 p.m. ET Monday, October 9
Vineyards threatened
Napa County is dealing with the biggest fires, Cal Fire said. The Tubbs and Atlas fires each cover about 25,000 acres. The Patrick fire west of Napa was at 3,000 acres.
The Nuns fire in Sonoma County covers 5,000 acres, and firefighters also are battling a 1,500 acre fire at Highway 37 and Lakeville Highway in Sonoma.
Alison Crowe, the winemaker for Garnet Vineyards & Picket Fence Vineyards in Napa Valley, said they have not been told to evacuate their home on the western edge of downtown Napa.
"A quarter of my co-workers have been evacuated," they said Monday. "I have friends fighting off fires with hoses in the hills. Thankfully a lot of my friends got out last night."
The main road through the area is still open but the aggressive nature of the blaze worries them
"It's scary. We feel surrounded," they said.
Crowe estimated two-thirds to three-fourths of Napa's grape harvest has taken place. The 2017 harvest will be remembered for this fire, they said.
"Wine doesn't matter, people matter," they said. "I know that's people's attitude right now."
Perfect conditions for fires
Authorities have not said what caused the fires, but noted that dry conditions made it easy for the fires to spread. October is typically the busiest month for wildfires in California, they said.
Complicating firefighting efforts are low humidity and a lack of resources, Napa County Fire Chief Barry Biermann said.
"As of right now, with these conditions, we can't get in front of this fire and do anything about the forward progress," they said, adding that resources from across California were to begin arriving in the area later Monday.
Gov. Jerry Brown on Monday issued an emergency proclamation for Napa, Sonoma and Yuba counties.
"These fires have destroyed structures and continue to threaten thousands of homes, necessitating the evacuation of thousands of residents," the governor's emergency proclamation said. "These fires have damaged and continue to threaten critical infrastructure and have forced the closure of major highways and local roads."
Flames rise from the remains of a burned commercial building in Santa Rosa, California, on Monday.
The California National Guard has sent three medical evacuation helicopters, six firefighting helicopters and 100 military police personnel to assist local law enforcement.
Winds expected to ease
The fire spread smoke across the San Francisco Bay area and the Anaheim-area fire turned the sky red over Disneyland, according to a social media posting.
Firefighters may get a break from the weather on Tuesday, mainly with decreasing winds.
The National Weather Service in San Francisco on Sunday issued a "red flag warning" for the Bay Area because of current or impending critical fire weather conditions. The warning cited dry, "windy locations through the Napa Valley and northern Sonoma County valleys." Gusts ranging from 35 mph to more than 60 mph were recorded.
Satellite imagery of the #wildfires in #California today captured by the VIIRS instrument DayNight Band. More info @ https://t.co/MPP390W64K pic.twitter.com/7KAvRMh9uT — NOAA Satellites (@NOAASatellites) October 9, 2017
But "winds and the fire weather threat will decrease Tuesday in the north, but a threat will remain in Southern California," the weather service said.
Forecasters said the warning will likely remain in effect because of the warm and dry conditions and the presence of wildfires.
Residents fleeing homes, hospitals
Veronica Ortega was at the Kaiser Permanente Hospital in Santa Rosa when they smelled smoke and saw flames through the window of their fiancé's room on the fourth floor.
The two soon were loaded onto a city bus and shuttled away.
Brian Alexander, a 34-year-old Santa Rosa resident, told CNN about stepping in to help their neighbors as the inferno surrounded their apartment complex.
They drove four neighbors to nearby shelters. As they fled the flames one of them told him, "There's no need to repent. Hell is already here."
"I couldn't live with myself if someone died or couldn't get help and I could have been there to stop it," said Alexander, who packed what they could into their car, eyeing their apartment one final time amid the ash and smoke that burned their eyes and made breathing difficult.
They later drove to Kaiser Permanente Hospital, where they work in environmental services, and began helping the hospital evacuate patients by moving gurney beds to the ambulances and city buses that were ferrying the patients to safety.
Before and After from the #TubbsFire in Santa Rosa using Google Street View. After pic from @KNielsenKPIX. pic.twitter.com/65aHVohJiJ — Bryan Wood (@bryanwx) October 9, 2017
"In a situation like this, it is really important that we be the best we can be," they said. "There was no other option."
They watched home burn
Alyssa O'Gorman and their family fled their home in the nick of time. As the flames closed on Sunday night, they left without a change of clothes. O'Gorman, their parents and their grandfather gathered their animals and were out of the house in minutes.
O'Gorman, a nursing assistant, was driving home from their job when they first spotted flames.
After evacuating the house, which sits at the dead end of a one-lane road in rural Napa County, they and their family watched from a distance as a propane tank exploded and their home's roof caught fire.
If O'Gorman hadn't been coming home from work to wake their family, "we would have been in the house trapped," they said.
Along with Kaiser Permanente hospital, Sutter Hospital in Santa Rosa was also evacuated. Much of a mobile home park behind the Kaiser facility burned, CNN affiliate KPIX said.
In Santa Rosa, the Fountain Grove Inn and Hotel was destroyed and another hotel, the Hilton, was in flames, the affiliate reported.
MILO visited Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana today to interview owners Kevin and Crystal O'Connor and deliver an apology “on behalf of the normal gays” after last year's social-justice witch hunt against the family-owned restaurant.
Memories Pizza was the target of a hate-campaign from progressives in 2015 after the owners told a local reporter that they would prefer not cater to a gay wedding, despite being happy to cater to gay customers on other occasions.
MILO stopped to take photos and sign autographs with fan and police officers on their way to Milwaukee for the next stop in their Dangerous Faggot tour.
Afterwards, they gave an interview to ABC 57, explaining that they were disgusted with the behaviour of the gay lobby and progressive journalists after their vindictive and cruel campaign against the owners of Memories Pizza.
You can watch MILO's full visit to Memories Pizza at the YouTube link above, and view pictures below.
Why Apple has limited its new Siri personal assistant feature to the iPhone 4S is anyone's guess. At first it was believed that a lot of the backend of Siri took place on the handset, so it needed the A5's extra power. But that didn't prove to be the case.
It was also thought that the service required 1GB of RAM. But it was later revealed that Apple's new smartphone only contains 512MB, so that can't be it, either. So then why in the world is Siri limited to the iPhone 4S? Well, maybe it's not…
Infamous iDevice hacker iH8sn0w announced on Twitter today that Siri is actually not A5-specific. They explain, “Excellent news. Siri is not just compiled specifically for the A5 (s5l8940x) processor. Thanks @Gojohnnyboi :)” That is good news.
You might recall that earlier this month, a rumor surfaced that both iH8sn0w and Gojohnnyboi were working on porting the Siri feature to non Apple-supported devices. And this new discovery seems to suggest that it's technically possible.
But it gets bigger. Apple itself could be planning to enable the feature on other devices down the road. Remember that Siri is still considered Beta at this point, and restricting it to the iPhone 4S helps Apple limit the fallout if something goes wrong.
Either way, it looks like the iPhone 4S won't hold the exclusive rights to Siri forever.
What do you think?
(Updated: Corrected NVVM description at 0845 EST on 7th oct)
OpenCL SPIR is a proposed portable binary distribution format for OpenCL programs. The idea is simple. Today, OpenCL kernels are distributed as source strings with the application binary. The source string is then compiled on the user's machine into native binaries using the OpenCL driver present on the user's machine. However, this is not always ideal. First, some people would prefer not to distribute their OpenCL kernel sources with their application binaries. Second, there may be more compilation overhead on the user's machine. Third, compilers for higher-level languages may want to generate GPU code and may want a lower-level and stable target instead of OpenCL C.
In contrast to the situation with OpenCL, consider DirectCompute shaders. The developer writes an awesome shader on his/her machine. The shader can be compiled into a lower-level bytecode format (that is not dependent upon the hardware vendor) and then the bytecode is distributed with the application binary. The bytecode is compiled into binary code by the driver on the user's computer.
OpenCL SPIR is trying to define a similar portable “binary” distribution format. However, instead of designing their own bytecode from scratch, SPIR is based upon the LLVM IR. Most OpenCL implementations already use some proprietary fork of LLVM IR already thus it was the logical starting point. That is not to say the problem is easy. OpenCL SPIR is meant to be portable, whereas LLVM IR was not really meant to be a portable distribution format. LLVM IR was meant as a compiler IR. There is also some discussion about whether SPIR specification is robust enough that SPIR-to-SPIR compilers/optimizers can be safely written, or whether SPIR is suitable as a target for compilers for languages other than OpenCL C kernel language. The initial goal appears to be to ensure that SPIR is a suitable target for OpenCL C implementations first and not worry about the other use cases.
It is also important to note what OpenCL SPIR is *not*. OpenCL SPIR is not a piece of software. It is simply a specification for a program representation format that vendors are free to implement anyway they choose. There is a lot of wrong reporting on OpenCL SPIR because people seem to confuse LLVM IR with LLVM-the-software. There may end up being a reference OpenCL C to SPIR compiler implementation, and then SPIR-to-binary compilers for supported LLVM backends, but that is *NOT* what is being proposed right now. And even if reference implementations are made available, vendors are free to ignore them.
I will repeat once again. OpenCL SPIR is *not* a piece of software. OpenCL SPIR is simply a distribution format, based upon LLVM IR. Let us consider you are writing a Python to OpenCL compiler. Today, you would be generating OpenCL C. However, in the future, you may want to generate SPIR instead though the initial design is not really meant for this use case. Now integrating SPIR is quite different from a toolchain perspective than integrating LLVM-the-software for CPU code generation that you might use today. Most compilers that use LLVM today for CPUs do not generate LLVM bytecode directly. Instead, LLVM-the-software uses an internal in-memory data structure representation of the LLVM IR with really nice C++ APIs for building these data structures. OpenCL SPIR specification does *NOT* contain this data-structure representation or associated APIs currently. You may get these once there is a reference implementation, but right now, there isn't.
Comparisons are being made with Nvidia's NVVM for CUDA. There is a BIG difference, and the difference is that NVVM's design and implementation goals are quite different than SPIR. Nvidia already has a bytecode format for distributing programs called PTX. NVVM is simply a higher-level layer and there are two pieces to NVVM: NVVM IR and libNVVM. NVVM IR is also an LLVM-based IR, but essentially a clean subset of LLVM instead of being a modification. NVVM IR is not really meant for distribution however, and is meant mostly as a compiler target. Second piece is libNVVM library that generates PTX from NVVM. libNVVM is built using LLVM-the-software and the intended audience is exclusively third-party compiler writers. libNVVM is simply a C++ library based upon LLVM that enables compiler writers (such as compilers for Python to CUDA) to easily generate PTX.
The nice thing about NVVM IR is that it is essentially a subset of the standard LLVM IR. Compiler writers can either generate NVVM IR bytecode directly, or use the LLVM C++ data-structure APIs to generate and manipulate NVVM. I would say the data structure APIs are a lot easier to use. The difference from SPIR is that the LLVM based tooling is available *today* (in RC form, but you get the idea). Many compiler writers are already familiar with LLVM APIs thus making it easy to integrate. Generating libNVVM makes it simpler to target CUDA than the earlier option of generating PTX. For example, with libNVVM you no longer need to worry about low-level stuff like register allocation since that can be taken care of by NVVM.
(edit: To clarify, such tooling should become available in the future for OpenCL SPIR but it is not part of the proposal as it stands today.)
Overall, OpenCL SPIR is a really nice proposal but it is not the solution to all problems that people seem to think it is. Specifically, compiler tooling side from the perspective of a third-party compiler is not very clear right now and I would say Nvidia is ahead on this front in terms of having a integrated stack already almost in-place. However, the potential is clearly there and OpenCL is clearly ahead of APIs (other than CUDA and HSA, see below) in this regard. For example, I have simply failed to get any information from Google about the LLVM-based distribution format they use for Renderscript for Android. DirectCompute defines a binary distribution format, but it does not look like it was designed with third-party compiler writers in mind. There is no tooling support to generate this nor very well-defined easy-to-read documentation, with documentation suggesting that it is mostly an implementation detail that you should not bother about.
I should also mention HSAIL. I would say, from the point of view a third-party compiler writer, HSAIL is the most exciting and well-designed target that I have seen so far based upon the details I have seen. I do hope that HSA foundation puts effort into making the library and tooling side nice as well. I am much more excited about HSAIL than OpenCL SPIR. OpenCL SPIR may very well end up being a stop-gap fix from the perspective of a third-party compiler writer. However, SPIR is still an important and useful step, both for vendors implementing OpenCL, and for application writers who are more comfortable in terms of distributing bytecode rather than source strings.
Every Thursday or Friday night the WWE Network updates its schedule advertising new content set to air on the live stream in the coming week. It should be noted that like anything, schedules are tentative and air times, air dates, and programs are always subject to change. Additionally, this reflects only what is set to air on the Network stream and does not include content added directly to the video-on-demand service.
The WWE Network additions below do not reflect everything we'll see on the WWE Network. As always, we'll have a RAW, Smackdown, and Main Event episode added from last month. But beyond that, we will likely see more 2006 RAW episodes as they have finally came flooding in. Will 2007 join them? We all can certainly hope so. But what else is coming throughout the week? Let's take a look:
Monday – July 25th
RAW Pre-Show (7:30 PM EST)
“WWE Raw Pre-Show from WWE Studios in Stamford, CT. Scott Stanford and team of panelists cover the events leading up to WWE Raw.”
WWE Ride Along (11:06 PM EST)
“Life is a highway as AJ Styles and The Club and the duo of Chris Jericho and Mark Henry depart Green Bay, Wisconsin for Rockford, Illinois.”
Tuesday – July 26th
Smackdown Pre-Show (7:30 PM EST)
“WWE SmackDown LIVE Pre-Show from WWE Studios in Stamford, CT. Scott Stanford and panelists cover the events leading up to SmackDown LIVE.”
Wednesday – July 27th
WWE NXT (8 PM EST)
“As NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn looms, who will be named the No. 1 Contender to Samoa Joe's NXT Championship?”
Cruiserweight Classic (9 PM EST)
“Round One of the Cruiserweight Classic continues as THE Brian Kendrick makes their return to WWE, Zack Sabre battles Tyson Dux, and much more!”
Friday – July 29th
WWE Superstars (3 PM EST)
“WWE Superstars features the best of the best in matches you'll have to see to believe. You never know what to expect – so expect everything!”
Saturday – July 30th
This Week In WWE (3 PM EST)
“Get caught up on all the highlights from Raw and SmackDown with This Week in WWE.”
Closing Thoughts
WWE Ride Along is back! While it is a shame the Outcasts episode will likely never see the light of day, it is refreshing to see the show back. Hopefully, original content starts hitting harder again and Legends with JBL does indeed drop at the beginning of August. Oh, and the Smackdown Pre-Show is now official. This is good news, although the actual panelists aren't listed. Will Booker T and Jerry Lawler join Stanford for both? Will the different pre-shows have different analysts?
As always, stick to WWE Network News for the latest WWE Network news, rumors, reviews, polls, and more!
Update: On 10.12.13 the MAG Corps informed B'Tselem that an MPIU investigation of the incident has been launched.
Direct aiming of tear gas canisters continues to put lives at risk, despite military's denials
Last Wednesday morning, November 27, 2013, Muhmmad 'Awad (Abu Ahmad), a B'Tselem volunteer videographer, and a resident of Beit Ummar, documented clashes between Palestinian youth and soldiers near the entrance to the town. The first video they shot depicts the soldiers standing by a jeep, and a stone landing near them. An officer is then seen firing several tear gas canisters from a "Ringo" type launcher, to the area of the stone throwers, in a position behind and to the right of the cameraman. The soldier then reloads the launcher and when another stone lands near the jeep, fires another volley or canisters:
The second clip depicts the same officer firing several canisters in an arch, to a point behind Abu Ahmad's position. Then, they are clearly seen pointing the launcher towards B'Tselem's volunteer, and fires a canister that hit them in the chest:
Abu Ahmad was bruised in the chest and evacuated to a clinic in the town, and was later taken to 'Alia Hospital in Hebron, then released.
This is not an isolated incident. The firing of tear gas canisters directly at individuals is a routine practice by soldiers and border police officers in the West Bank. It has already claimed the lives of two people and has injured dozens of others in recent years. The military, however, continues to deny such a practice exists and avoids addressing it systematically. B'Tselem will send the footage to the Military Advocate for Operational Matters along with a demand to have the officer involved investigated by the Military Police Investigation Unit (MPIU) and held accountable.
To B'Tselem's knowledge, no member of the security forces has yet been indicted for serious injuries caused by directly aiming tear gas canisters at individuals. The MPIU investigation into the death of Bassen Abu Rahmeh, who was killed in April 2009, was closed in September 2013 for lack of evidence. The MPIU investigation into the death of Mustafa Tamimi, in December 2011, almost two years ago, began almost immediately after the incident, but the Military Advocate has not made a decision on the case file as of yet. The military's lax approach to recurring violations of the law and of military open fire regulations allows the practice of firing tear gas canisters directly at individuals to continue, putting lives at risk.
A composite image of video stills shows the canister's trajectory. Click to view all images.
Update 10: Warden Stat Change – Agility Wardens!
By: Erika "DEViled_Egg" Ng
Hey everybody! DEViled_Egg here to talk about the Warden stat changes. I'll be going over what's changing, how, why, and what we'll be doing to ease this transition. RockX will also provide some more details on the change and what this means from an itemization perspective.
So, what's changing?
Wardens will be converted from a Might-based class to an Agility-based class. Starting with Update 10, Agility will provide the following for Wardens:
10 Physical Mastery Rating
5 Tactical Mastery Rating
2 Parry Rating
4 Evade Rating
1 Crit Rating
And Might will provide the following:
2 Parry Rating
4 Block Rating
2 Physical Mitigation
Block / Evade Ratings
Since Wardens will be switching from Might to Agility, it also means they'll be trading Block for Evade as a primary avoidance. Every point lost in Block Rating from dropping Might will be re-gained as a point of Evade from Agility. All of the Wardens self-buffs which currently affect block will continue to do so. Warden shields will also continue to provide a hefty amount of Block Rating.
The Trait “Skillful Blocking” is being changed to “Combat Positioning” and will increase the potency of your Evade self-buffs as well as trigger its heal off of Evades instead of Blocks. This change was made because it is anticipated that Wardens will Evade more than Block come Update 10, so it made sense to put the 1% heal on the Avoidance that will trigger most often.
Mitigations
Physical Mitigation will continue to remain on Might. However, we will provide ways for Wardens to shore up their Mitigations via Itemization and class advancement.
The Grace Period
RockX here! We realized early on when planning these changes that if we were to just flip the switch, all Wardens would immediately be super-nerfed since they'd have only Might gear. To avoid this, we're instituting a grace-period during in which both Agility and Might will contribute Physical and Tactical Mastery at the same rate. This will allow Wardens to swap out their Might-gear for Agility-gear without experiencing a major loss of damage in the meantime. We're also planning on converting a substantial amount of the Might-based Warden Shields and Medium Armor to use Agility as the primary stat during this time. The Grace Period will last for all Update 10, possibly longer. Once we feel the class is in a good position gear-wise and Wardens have had ample time to adjust, we will remove the Physical and Tactical Mastery contributions from Might. Agility will then be the reigning primary stat for the Warden class. We believe this grace period will provide ample time for even casual Wa(r)dens more than enough time to re-gear.
Final Thoughts
We understand that a change of this magnitude is likely to be met with apprehension, but please know that we're doing everything we can to ensure this transition is as smooth as possible. RockX and I play Wadens too you know!
Finally, some of you on our forums have speculated that this change is in some way tied to the upcoming class changes hinted at in our Dev Chats. <_< … >_> …maaaaybe.
South Africa's government is confident that its partnerships with business and labour can help it avert a credit-rating downgrade to junk, according to Jeff Radebe, Minister for Planning, Performance, Monitoring & Evaluation in the Presidency.
“We are not envisaging a downgrade because we have put in measures as a government working with our partners in the private sector and labour to ensure that we stay the course,” Rabede told reporters at Bloomberg's office in Johannesburg on Monday. “There have been genuine fears that we could fall into junk status, those fears still exist even now, despite having safely crossed the Moody's bridge.”
Moody's Investors Service affirmed the continent's most-industrialised economy's credit rating at Baa2, two levels above junk, on May 6 and kept its outlook on the rating on negative. South Africa “is likely approaching a turning point after several years of falling growth,” with the budget and government plans likely to stabilise and eventually reduce state debt metrics, the company said. Moody's put South Africa's assessment on review for a downgrade in March, citing concerns about growth prospects and fiscal strength.
S&P Global Ratings and Fitch, which both have South Africa one level above junk, will assess the country over the next two weeks, Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan told reporters in Johannesburg at a separate event on Monday. S&P will lower the nation's rating to non-investment grade by the end of this year, according to 12 of 13 economists and analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Four see the downgrade to BB+, which will put South Africa on par with Turkey and Indonesia, coming as early as next month. Only four of the 13 said Fitch will lower its assessment by the end of the year.
Task Team
Gordhan, 67, met with business leaders in February and with investors in the UK and the US in March in an effort to help mitigate the country's risk of losing its investment-grade status. President Jacob Zuma established a task team of government, business and labour representatives in February to explore ways of responding to slower economic growth and will receive a report back from the team at the Union Buildings in the capital, Pretoria, on Monday.
“The important achievement over the last couple of months is that we developed a common intent between labour, business and government that we don't want to be downgraded,” Gordhan said. Tonight “we will look at the progress over the last few months that cooperation between these three social partners has brought and then the president will make some announcements.”
Both the National Treasury and South African Reserve Bank forecast the economy will expand less than 1% this year, the slowest pace since 2009, as depressed commodity prices and low demand from major export markets weigh on output. Lackluster growth will limit tax revenue and make it more difficult for the Treasury to meet its target of reducing the budget deficit to 2.4% of gross domestic product in the year through March 2019, from 3.9% last year, and limit gross debt to about 50% of GDP.
“If we continue to work together as has been the case in the recent times, we will avert any looming credit downgrade and bring our economy back on on its two feet,” Radebe said. “Losing our investment-grade status is something that our government will do its best to avert. ”
© 2016 Bloomberg
BUSAN, South Korea — As the author of the novel “I Have the Right to Destroy Myself,” I'm often asked why I think South Korea's suicide rate is so high. The protagonist in my story is a professional “suicide counselor” who is hired to help clients plan and execute their own deaths. I started writing the novel in 1995, a time when South Korea's annual rate of suicide was much lower than the average of the other industrialized nations. But it soared in the wake of the 1997 Asian financial crisis — and it has been getting worse ever since.
When the novel was published in 1996 no one, including me, would have thought that suicide could become such a scourge. South Korea has had the highest suicide rate in the industrialized world for eight consecutive years; 14,160 people committed suicide in 2012, an average of 39 people per day and a 219 percent increase from the 6,444 suicides in 2000. It's the No.1 cause of death for people between the ages of 10 and 30. For people in their 40s, suicide is the second most common cause of death, after cancer. Among the older generations, the numbers are even more bleak.
Suicide is everywhere. I was having a drink with a friend at a bar in Seoul recently and the young bartender asked us if we thought the weather would permit boats trips the next day. Them brother had killed themselves a year ago, they said, and their family was planning to take a boat into the harbor, where they had scattered their ashes, for the anniversary. Then my old friend told me that our college classmate, who we had all thought died of a heart attack, had actually committed suicide.
Now, whenever I hear news that a young person has passed away, suicide is the first possibility that comes to mind.
Emo/indie vets The Anniversary recently confirmed their first show since 2004, and now a full reunion tour has been announced.
The tour hits NYC on September 10 at Bowery Ballroom. Tickets for that show are on sale now. All dates are listed below.
The Anniversary released two very different (and very good) albums during their career, a definitive statement of synth-driven emo with 2000's Designing a Nervous Breakdown and the more indie rock/alt-country leaning followup, 2002's Your Majesty. Watch videos for highlights off both:
—
Subscribe to Brooklyn Vegan on
Subscribe to Brooklyn Vegan on
The Anniversary — 2016 Tour Dates
7/16 – San Bernardino, CA @ San Manuel Amphitheater Festival Grounds*
9/08 – Allston, MA @ Brighton Music Hall
9/09 – Philadelphia, PA @ Underground Arts
9/10 – New York, NY @ Bowery Ballroom
9/12 – Washington, DC @ Rock & Roll Hotel
9/13 – Columbus, OH @ Skully's
9/14 – Cleveland, OH @ Grog Shop
9/15 – Detroit, MI @ The Shelter
9/17 – Lawrence, KS @ The Bottleneck
* – Taste of Chaos fest with Dashboard Confessional, Taking Back Sunday, Quicksand, The Get Up Kids, Hot Rod Circuit, The Early November, more
Legally married same-sex couples are suing the Kansas Department of Revenue over its instructions that same-sex couples continue to file their state tax returns separately.
Kansas doesn't recognize same-sex marriage, but 18 states and the federal government now do, and gay and lesbian married couples have been instructed to file their federal tax returns together. Tom Witt, executive director of Equality Kansas, said that makes the state tax collection department's instructions that they file state returns separately an unequal burden.
"In Kansas all married persons have to use the same income and tax status and information on all tax returns," Witt said. "There is no separate law for legally married same-sex couples, and the state shouldn't be making separate rules that penalize or stigmatize married gay and lesbian Kansans."
Kansas law bans same-sex marriage in statute and in a constitutional amendment.
Witt said their group, formerly the Kansas Equality Coalition, hailed the lawsuit filed Monday in Shawnee County District Court on behalf of Michael Nelson and Charles Dedmon, of Wabaunsee County, and Roberta and Julia Woodrick, of Douglas County. The Associated Press reports both couples were married in California.
"We are simply asking the state to follow existing Kansas law," said David Brown, the Lawrence attorney who filed the suit. "Kansas law requires the state to use federal definitions of marriage for tax purposes, but the Department of Revenue is refusing to comply. My clients are asking the courts to order the Department of Revenue to follow the law."
The suit, Nelson et al. v. Kansas Department of Revenue , has been assigned Case No. 13-C1465.
Department of Revenue officials announced in October it would instruct gay couples to file separately despite the U.S. Supreme Court's decision striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act. They said other Supreme Court cases reinforced the states' authority to regulate marriage.
Jeannine Koranda, a spokesperson for the department, said officials there hadn't yet been served with the suit and wouldn't comment on the litigation specifically.
"The Kansas Department of Revenue has recently published income tax return filing guidance for same-sex couples in compliance with the Kansas Constitution and Kansas law," Koranda said. "Several other states that do not recognize same-sex marriage have published similar guidance."
Witt said current Kansas law says state filings should mirror federal filings and it would take legislative action to change that.
"I don't know what the status of litigation in other states is, but I do know that the Kansas Department of Revenue doesn't have any statute they're working under here. They're making this stuff up as they go."
Buehrle became the first pitcher in franchise history to allow two earned runs or less while tossing at least six innings in nine consecutive starts. Stieb had two stretches of eight starts while Clemens did it once but no one took it quite as far as Buehrle.
OAKLAND -- The Blue Jays have had a lot of big-name pitchers over the years with a group that's headlined by Roy Halladay, Dave Stieb, Roger Clemens and Pat Hentgen. But nobody on that list was able to accomplish what Mark Buehrle did Tuesday night in a 7-1 victory over the A's.
OAKLAND -- The Blue Jays have had a lot of big-name pitchers over the years with a group that's headlined by Roy Halladay, Dave Stieb, Roger Clemens and Pat Hentgen. But nobody on that list was able to accomplish what Mark Buehrle did Tuesday night in a 7-1 victory over the A's.
Buehrle became the first pitcher in franchise history to allow two earned runs or less while tossing at least six innings in nine consecutive starts. Stieb had two stretches of eight starts while Clemens did it once but no one took it quite as far as Buehrle.
View Full Game Coverage
The 36-year-old has garnered a reputation as being one of the most reliable pitchers in the game, and with good reason. They have tossed at least 200 innings while picking up 10 or more wins in 15 consecutive years and he's well on their way to hitting that benchmark yet again.
"I think any time streaks like that happen, it's going to come to an end, especially for me because I'm not striking guys out," Buehrle said as they attempted to downplay the significance in their typical self-depracating way. "Positioning guys, putting guys behind where the balls are going to be hit to, that obviously helps me out. I don't think I ever would have said I'd accomplish that."
Buehrle got off to somewhat of a slow start this season, but everything has been going their way since the start of June. They have one loss since the end of May and that came in a game when their defense let them down and allowed four unearned runs to score during a 4-2 loss to the White Sox.
The veteran lefty was back to their old tricks against the A's on Tuesday night. Pitching on nine days' rest for just the third time in their career, Buehrle scattered eight hits over seven strong innings. Their lone blemish came in the sixth when Jake Smolinski hit an RBI triple to the gap in right-center field.
Buehrle's season ERA peaked at 6.75 but has been in a steady decline ever since. They have a 1.52 ERA since June 1, which has lowered their season ERA total to 3.23. As usual, one of the main reasons behind their success has been control and Buehrle has yet to walk a batter in July despite tossing 29 innings.
The recent string of success might not impress Buehrle all that much, but it has certainly caught the attention of their manager.
"He's been good all three years here, this is probably as good of a stretch as I've seen him," John Gibbons said. "He's just very reliable, year after year, they go out there night after night. You know you're getting strikes, you know he's working quick and good things usually happen when he's out there. It's pretty impressive."
As many of you know, I love Ubuntu. I've given years of my life for Ubuntu. I've served as much as anyone's expected to, and long upheld the ideology and technical motivations behind Ubuntu as second to none.
Until recently.
Now, with advertisements in the default DE (and don't tell me they're not, when I search for term and get “The Terminator” on DVD, it's a ad – if you care so much about whatever binding to search applications, why not disable ads by default, and let super-s do your “shopping”), and now, begging for a handout when people Download Ubuntu – without an option to donate to Debian, which composes over 70% of the Desktop, I get upset.
I feel cheated, and I'm not even involved on a day-to-day anymore.
I'm ashamed of what's going on now, and I hope we find a better way to serve our users.
posthaste
A rapid deployment utility for Azure inspired by now.
Information
posthaste is a small command line utility written in node.js that allows the user to quickly deploy web apps to Azure..
Build and Install
From NPM:
npm install -g posthaste
From repo:
npm build npm install -g
Testing
Tests do not exist yet.
npm test
Compatibility
Node v7.8.0+.
At this time, you can automatically deploy:
Static web apps.
.NET web apps.
Node web apps (coming soon).
Examples
Local
The basic usage is to deploy from your current directory.
$ cd myWebApp $ posthaste
Or, you can pass the directory.
$ posthaste myWebApp
You can give your app a different name with -n .
$ cd myWebApp $ posthaste -n MySpecialName
You can list web apps, set subscriptions, etc. with other commands. View them with posthaste -h
License
Is it a tricycle? Is it a weird bike? It's neither. Called Pardo, as an abbreviation of the word guepardo (which is cheetah in Spanish), this human powered vehicle seeks to imitate the movement and feeling of the animal. See how it works and more pics in the extended.Pardo was designed by Pablo Lopez from the firm DIBRUTAL Industrial Design for Innovar, a national innovations contest held in Argentina annually (from which we also talked about the Green Houses project).
The vehicle is run through two pedals on the lower part, which the user pushes down with its feet, making the vehicle go forward. The pedals and mechanism are shown in the images below.
For your convenience, it also folds!
Why a cheetah? Says the designer: "Parting with the fascination us human beings have with nature and our eagerness for imitating it, I began to study the cheetah and its habits during hunt. From then on I wanted to know what the cheetah feels on the hunt process and wanted to try to transmit that through my design."
"My main goal is transmitting and creating sensations," ads Lopez.
The vehicle is not just an idea. A prototype was created and presented at the before mentioned exhibition, and tested on racing tracks. Take a look at the photos below.
As you may have noticed, Pardo is not an urban vehicle thought to use in the street. So far, Lopez thought of it as a sort of extreme sport.
Though, given the right traffic conditions, who knows if this could be the high speed version of bikes?
For more on the vehicle, write to the designer to dibrutal at gmail dot com.
More weird human powered vehicles and games:
View & Vote: Weird Human-Powered Transport Options
TreeHugger-Style Roller Coaster in Japan: It's Pedal Powered
The Ultimate Carnival Ride: A Human-Powered Ferris Wheel
Photo courtesy of the artist
It's a shit-ass cold day in New York, and Himanshu Suri, better known as Heems, just finished clearing their parents' driveway with their snow blower. “That was one of the things I bought with my rap money,” they tell me over the phone as we discuss Eat Pray Thug. Even though the subject we're talking about might seem like the beginning of a new part in their career—EPT is technically their first proper solo album—Heems repeatedly references rap as something from their past. At one point, the Queens native directly says, “I don't know if I'm gonna be working on music after this album.”
Regardless however many pieces of winter weather machinery it might afford him, the fact remains that these days, Heems has mixed feelings about rap as a vocation. He's not the easiest guy in the world to talk to, either. Heems and I have probably spoken half a dozen times in the past few years. It's always been friendly, but once it's time for me to interview them something changes. He's more guarded, pedantic at times, steering the conversation in whichever way they see fit. I get the sense that in a way, these are tactics of rhetorical misdirection that he's had to spend most of their life explaining themselves and now that he's within spitting distance of their 30th birthday, he's growing tired of it.
Though they once had a reputation as a party-starter and a wiseass with Das Racist, their original rap group with the MC Viktor Vazquez (Kool A.D.) and the hype man Ashok Kondabolu (Dapwell), slowly but surely, Suri is getting their shit together. “I spent a lot of last year like, getting back to my roots, getting back to what's important, getting back to my community, getting back to my family,” they say. The majority of Eat Pray Thug was recorded in 2013 in India, and after years of living off various hustles (most rap-related), he's got the day job, and they moved back in with their parents, whose Long Island house they helped purchase with yet more rap money.
It is because of this air of premature weariness that Heems seems to carry on their shoulders that I truly believe that Eat Pray Thug, great album that it is, might indeed be the last one they ever makes. It's not a record that everyone is going to like, especially if you gravitated towards their previous group, Das Racist, because of their zaniness and not the complex statements about race and class embedded within the jokes. Instead, it's a New York album in the same way that Talking Heads, Camu Tao, and Beastie Boys made New York albums: products of an elaborate cultural milieu, collages of high and low art held together with toothpicks and bubblegum, and anchored by voices so unconventional that they can't help but win you over. That the record is about 9/11—even when it's not—only adds to this.
Continued below.
From their reticence with me over the phone, I get the sense that Heems understands some people will not react to it in the way they hope. Just like clockwork, on the day of its release Pitchfork (early DR boosters) ran a review of Eat Pray Thug that was fair but ultimately negative. Heems took to Twitter to respond to the (white) writer, “the record isn't made for you so all good.”
Besides, Suri doesn't need rap. He's got other shit to deal with: namely, their job, which is a new development, one that he's pleased with. A while back, Suri tells me they asked himself, “What are the brightest minds of my generation are doing? A lot of them are involved in start-ups.” So, they got themselves a gig at their friend's tech company, and now works nine to five.
They tell me, “I'm literally juggling a day job, I'm curating an art show, showing artwork in that art show, I'm directing a music video this weekend, doing press, writing treatments for the other videos, I'm working out a marketing plan with my label, and I'm trying to focus on myself.”
/ / /
Self-portrait via Suri's art exhibit at Aicon Gallery
Raised in a working-class family in Queens, New York, Heems attended the prestigious liberal arts college Wesleyan University, and later found work in finance as a headhunter on Wall Street. “Everyone I grew up with in my community is a lawyer or a pharmacist or an engineer, or they messed their lives up in high school by being idiots,” they say. They found themselves in the position of “professional rapper” almost by accident, when the song “Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell” by Das Racist became a viral hit. It is a song about two dudes (Suri and Vazquez) who were at a combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell. Depending on whom you asked, it was either a commentary on the pointlessness of big box consumer culture, or it was just pointless.
In the span of less than a year, Das Racist released two mixtapes that saw them go from an internet joke to the guys who helped redefine the term “indie rap.” Where the term had once described rap released on independent labels and consumed by discerning hip-hop fans of all stripes, Das Racist made their name because they appealed literally to indie kids: they sourced beats with such indie staples as Diplo and Chairlift, shouted out Tanlines (inventors of the “;(“ emoticon), sampled The Very Best and Nujabes' theme for the cult anime series Samurai Champloo, and titled songs things like “Coochie Dip City” and “Deep Ass Shit (You'll Get It When You're High).” Meanwhile, they were covered extensively by alt-slanted publications such as Pitchfork, The Village Voice, and VICE (the first video feature Noisey ever released, in fact, was on a Das Racist show in Seattle). “We still talked about the things I wanted to talk about, but to a certain extent we hid behind humor,” they say, continuing, “I wanted to talk about my experience in a medium where I wasn't performing race or performing being working class for everybody who wasn't. Hip-hop was a working class medium. Ironically, my audience wasn't very working class at all.”
Soon enough, things went sour for the group. Relax, their proper debut, was a critical and commercial disappointment, and the rigors of touring (in 2011, DR performed more than 150 shows, according to Forbes) took a toll on the band. “We were better friends when we started,” Suri told Self-Titled Mag for a 2012 cover story, continuing, “We lived together, worked together, and toured together. You need space after that, with anyone. I wish it didn't take a toll on that side of things.” As 2012 drew to a close, the band imploded. In December of 2012, Heems let it slip at a gig in Munich that the group had disbanded.
/ / /
Following the dissolution of Das Racist, Heems, who had released two sprawling mixtapes, Nehru Jackets and Wild Water Kingdom, following Relax, fell into something of a black hole. They went through a breakup and fell into a depression, which they combatted, in part, through self-medication. Lines such as, “The great gats be that Tec-9 and that AK, cut lines of yay-yay on that big book from AA” (“Hubba, Hubba”) and, “You addicted to the H-Man, I'm addicted to the H, man” (“Home” feat. Dev Hynes) pepper the record. “That's what this album is all about—being honest and being vulnerable, and putting it all out there,” they tell me. However, when I ask Heems to discuss the substance abuse they broach on the record, they politely decline.
Besides, Eat Pray Thug is, over everything, an album about 9/11, even when it's not. Lyrics such as, “And then the towers hit the planes / and I'll never be the same” (“Flag Shopping”) function in part to explain the devastating effects 9/11 had on minority communities, as well as the devastating effects that 9/11 had on Heems personally. “I was so close to it, close enough to see people jump out of buildings,” they tell me. A source, however subtle, of Suri's failed interpersonal relationships and substance issues can be traced back to 9/11, a phenomenon Heems repeatedly describes to me as “geopolitical heartbreak.” They say, “I was able to be honest and write songs about what I was going through instead of hiding behind jokes, which were a coping mechanism I had internalized to deal with very painful things like racism and xenophobia.”
Instead, Heems deals openly with racism and xenophobia here. “Flag Shopping” is about the sudden panic brown communities were sent into following a surge of post 9/11 racism. “Al Q8a” plays with New York rap's fascination with the Middle East, reclaiming Dipset's use of the term “Taliban” and French Montana's line, “Hi haters, our guns from Al Queda,” as Heems rails against government drones and reminding the listener that they rap “for the Arabs in bodegas toting steel under the registers.”
Photo courtesy the artist
And then there is “Patriot Act,” which, if Suri's threat that Eat Pray Thug is indeed their last album, may be the final song the world hears from him. The last song on the record, it's Heems' plainest declaration of post-9/11 paranoia yet. Unlike “Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell,” the track leaves no room for interpretation. After 90 seconds of spacey, paranoid raps, Heems speaks, plainly and with a tinge of sadness, of the world that they found themselves in as a young man:
Then the towers fell in front of my eyes. I remember the principal said that they wouldn't. And for a month, they used my high school as a triage. So we went to school in Brooklyn; the city's Board of Ed hired shrinks for the students, and maybe I should have seen one. From then on they called us all Osama. The old Sikh men on the bus were Osama. I was Osama. We were Osama. Are you Osama?
Maybe Eat Pray Thug is important to Heems because it represents the closure of an arc, the actualization of a rap career. Though Suri might have been labeled “joke rap” in the beginning, they are, all along, trying to explain to us that there was no such thing. They made raps with jokes in them, sure, but the intent behind them was dead serious. And at the end of Eat Pray Thug, Heems made damn sure no one would be laughing. And that just might be the point.
They are, it seems, happy with himself, no matter what happens from here. “I mean, look,” they tell me, “I've done enough cool shit in my life where I don't need to worry about whether people think I'm cool or not.”
Drew Millard is an associate editor at VICE. Follow them on Twitter.
