The Theragatha, the eighth book of the Khuddaka Nikaya, consists of 264 poems — 1,291 stanzas in all — in which the early monks (bhikkhus) recount their struggles and accomplishments along the road to arahantship. Their stories are told with often heart-breaking honesty and beauty, revealing the deeply human side of these extraordinary men, and thus serve as inspiring reminders of our own potential to follow in their footsteps.
A selected anthology of 88 suttas from the Theragatha (and 32 from the Therigatha), Poems of the Elders: An Anthology from the Theragāthā & Therīgāthā, by Thanissaro Bhikkhu, is distributed free of charge by Metta Forest Monastery. It is also available to read online and in various ebook formats at dhammatalks.org
For a complete translation, see Elders' Verses I translated by K.R. Norman (Oxford: Pali Text Society, 1995).
The translator appears in the square brackets []. Pali verse numbers appear in the braces {}.
a.t. furuya becomes fourth person in state to be recognized as a gender that is not “male” or “female”
San Diego, CA – Today, a court granted a name and gender change to Transgender Law Center client a.t. furuya, making a.t. the fourth person in California and the fifth in the country that is known to have obtained “nonbinary” as their legally designated gender.
“For the first time, I feel seen for who I am and not torn in two directions,” said a.t., a 34-year-old from San Diego who uses they/them pronouns. “Whenever I go to the bank or a bar or the airport, I get anxious about showing my I.D. with its line that says ‘female.' I never know which box someone will try to put me in, and since I don't fit either, people often don't know what to do with me. I know it will take people a while to understand what it means to be nonbinary, but this order means I am not on my own anymore – my state recognizes me.”
The first person in the U.S. granted a legal change to “nonbinary” was Jamie Shupe in Portland, Oregon, who received the order in June 2016. In September 2016, Sara Kelly Keenan, an intersex Californian, became the second person to legally change their gender to nonbinary.
Last month, California Assemblymember Toni Atkins introduced SB 179, sponsored by Transgender Law Center, which would streamline the process for Californians to change their legal gender marker to nonbinary.
“The U.S. lags behind many countries that already recognize not everyone fits the traditional boxes of ‘male' or ‘female,'” said Kris Hayashi, executive director of Transgender Law Center. “It can be difficult and even dangerous to navigate life with an I.D. that doesn't reflect who you truly are, and it's time for our systems and laws to catch up with a more accurate understanding of gender.”
The brief a.t. and Transgender Law Center filed is below, and can be used as a model for others filing for a gender marker change to nonbinary. The court order can be viewed here.
###
Transgender Law Center is the largest national organization advancing justice for transgender and gender nonconforming people through litigation, policy advocacy, and public education. Transgender Law Center envisions a future in which all people can live safely, authentically, and free from discrimination regardless of their gender identity or expression. www.transgenderlawcenter.org
Download (PDF, 184KB)
What appears to be a unique selfie opportunity was actually a critical photo for the cryogenic testing of NASA's James Webb Space Telescope in Chamber A at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. The photo was used to verify the line of sight (or path light will travel) for the testing configuration.
What appears to be a unique selfie opportunity was actually a critical photo for the cryogenic testing of NASA's James Webb Space Telescope in Chamber A at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. The photo was used to verify the line of sight (or path light will travel) for the testing configuration.
During Webb's extensive cryogenic testing, engineers checked the alignment of all the telescope optics and demonstrated the individual primary mirror segments can be properly aligned to each other and to the rest of the system. This all occurred in test conditions that simulated the space environment where Webb will operate, and where it will collect data of never-before-observed portions of the universe. Verifying the optics as a system is a very important step that will ensure the telescope will work correctly in space.
The actual test of the optics involved a piece of support equipment called the ASPA, a nested acronym that means “AOS Source Plate Assembly.” The ASPA is a piece of hardware that sits atop Webb's Aft Optics Subsystem (AOS), which is recognizable as a black “nose cone” that protrudes from the center of Webb's primary mirror. The AOS contains the telescope's tertiary and fine-steering mirrors. The ASPA is ground test hardware, and it will be removed from the telescope before it is launched into space.
Read more at NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center
Image: Ball Aerospace optical engineer Larkin Carey is reflected in the James Webb Space Telescope's secondary mirror, as they photograph the line of sight for hardware used during an important test of the telescope's optics. (Credits: Ball Aerospace)
You have completed two years as Prime Minister. What do you consider the biggest gain for the government? Is there anything that you feel the government could have achieved but has not yet — any regrets?
Advertising
From my point of view what we need is not the government's gain but the country's gain. The government exists, and should exist, for the benefit of the people, the Janata Janardan. When we assess the last 25 months, we have to do so in comparison to the period before that. When we took office, there was a pervasive atmosphere of gloom and pessimism. Newspapers were filled with scams and their aftermath. In the preceding months, share prices had fallen and India's stock in the global marketplace had also fallen. Inflation was high. Above all, the common citizen felt helpless. Today, all of these have disappeared along with the previous government. There is belief and there is hope. A strong foundation has been laid for a takeoff. This transformation from gloom to confidence in the future and from economic decline to sustained growth has the potential to transform India.
As regards regrets, I am not sure if my answer will be to your liking. Before and during the parliamentary elections, there was a section of the media which strongly hoped that we would not win. My regret is that in the last two years, I have not been able to convince or persuade that section regarding our point of view. My challenge is to win over these sceptics, and persuade them of our sincerity and good intentions.
Watch video
Also Read | Expanding, not changing, Cabinet to reflect Budget focus: PM Modi on reshuffle
Advertising
Countries across the world appear to have become more inward-looking; Brexit is one of the signs. Do you think global trade, including movement of people, will suffer in the near future?
The world is witnessing several crucial developments. It is important to view them in their correct perspective, and separate local drivers from regional and global impulses. For centuries it has been clear that for each country its own interests are supreme. It is with supremacy of these interests in mind that each country seeks to build its externalities and connect with other countries in the world. Global linkages can be strengthened by harnessing the interests of other countries. Today, whether it is technology or trade, in movement of human resources or capital and in research and innovation, we live in an interconnected and interdependent world. And, the nations naturally keep their interests in mind even as they forge bonds of economic cooperation with other countries. Regarding Brexit, it is a subject that requires in-depth examination. In this regard, we will take correct decisions keeping in mind our interests.
You have often talked about cooperative federalism. But there has been criticism that you are not accommodating enough of other parties, and other party-ruled states. Delhi, Uttarakhand, West Bengal, have complaints against the Union government. Wouldn't you like to them along on the path to development?
If you look at the facts, you will find that this government has done more for states, regardless of the party they are ruled by, than any government since Independence. The recommendations of the 14th Finance Commission led to an increase in the states' share of central taxes from 32% to 42%. Despite advice to the contrary from many civil servants, we decided to accept the recommendations. Initially, some of our critics said the increase would be offset by reduction in centrally sponsored schemes. The figures for fiscal year 2015-16 are now available and they show clearly that even after adjusting for the unavoidable cuts in centrally sponsored schemes, the overall transfer from the Centre to the states has increased by over 21% in 2015-16. The total additional resources transferred to the states, after adjusting for the reduction in centrally sponsored schemes, was nearly Rs 1,44,800 crore. The increased devolution has been made strictly in accordance with the recommendations of the Finance Commission, a non-partisan body appointed during the tenure of the previous government. To give you some examples, the net increase in resources transferred to West Bengal was 37%, to Kerala 38%, to Telangana 25%, to Himachal Pradesh 49% to Uttar Pradesh 22% and to Karnataka 21%. I am proud of my government's record in treating opposition-ruled states as full and as equal partners in ‘Team India'.
Let me give you another concrete example. The sharp reduction in the Centre's share of taxes made by the Finance Commission necessitated redesign of centrally sponsored schemes. In fact the Commission had recommended their scrapping. Since Independence, the structure and funding pattern of centrally sponsored schemes have always been decided by the Centre unilaterally. This time, we constituted a sub-group of chief ministers under NITI and gave them the task of evolving a new pattern. This sub-group, which included the chief ministers of Kerala, Uttar Pradesh and Telangana among others, came up with unanimous recommendations and we accepted the recommendations as soon as they were presented. There can be no greater testimony to our commitment to taking along all the states with us on the path of development.
Also Read | ‘My image not the most important thing, PM's job is to improve nation's image'
China has constantly created hindrances to India's interests, be it in trade or more recently NSG. While New Delhi can look Beijing in the eye, how can you leverage your strengths to discourage China from making such adverse interventions?
Your question suggests that international relations are a zero-sum game. I believe that nations can move forward in their own interest in several areas while managing differences in other areas. No country is an island unto itself today. We have to work together. India and China are neighbours, important players in Asia and increasingly significant actors on the global stage. We need to work together more, understand each other's interests and priorities and be sensitive to mutual concerns and interests. But, I also firmly stand by what our strategic interests are and will continue to pursue them strongly.
How important is winning Uttar Pradesh for you and for your party? Would you look at the verdict as a referendum on the central government?
Uttar Pradesh has its own importance. Keeping in mind the conditions that have been created in the state in the last 15 years, the only way to save the state is through development. And only the BJP can guarantee development. Fifteen years of misrule has resulted in the state declining not just in the field of education, but also in industrial development. In the ranking of the composite educational development index — U-DISE — Uttar Pradesh was at the bottom among all states and Union territories in 2014-15. This ranking was based on four parameters: accessibility of schemes for the people, infrastructure, teachers, and outcomes. So this means Uttar Pradesh is in bad shape on each of these parameters. Our strategy will be to take Uttar Pradesh on the path of development. The Union government has especially approved projects worth more than Rs 1 lakh crore for Uttar Pradesh. Out of this, Rs 68,000 crore is for roads, and Rs 27,000 crore for railway, power and petroleum projects.
We must pay attention to balanced industrial development in the state. Eastern Uttar Pradesh cannot be neglected. It is an area that is economically, educationally, and industrially backward. To reduce this imbalance, we are investing significantly in the region for the Dedicated Freight Corridor project. Eighteen nodes are proposed along the Dedicated Freight Corridor, which will spur development. The corridor will also provide a boost to chemical, cement, fertiliser and other industries. The Union government is also working to restart the fertiliser plant in Gorakhpur at a cost of Rs 6,000 crore. A new AIIMS is also proposed in eastern Uttar Pradesh. These steps will transform the industrial and economic landscape of eastern Uttar Pradesh.
Also read: Who are the new 19 ministers getting inducted at the Centre?
You have often expressed your exasperation with the Opposition as far as pushing the legislative agenda of the government is concerned. Do you really think you can still work out an amicable formula with the Opposition for meeting your targets?
In a democracy, there will always be parties with their own policies, their own strategies and their own priorities. This is a basic feature of a vibrant democracy. But along with their priorities and compulsions, all parties also have to keep in mind the larger good and keep the country above party considerations. It is for this reason that I had said in Parliament that even in the Lok Sabha, though in arithmetic terms we have a majority of our own, it will always be our intention to seek consensus and proceed on the basis of general agreement. I am happy to see that in two years of this Parliament, it has been extremely productive. Apart from the completion of much legislative work, we have also witnessed healthy debates on topics of national importance ranging from the 125th birth anniversary of Dr Ambedkar, to drought, to the attack in Pathankot. These debates took place in a healthy spirit.
Advertising
In terms of the legislative agenda, most parties have cooperated with the government in the national interest. In your question, you have lumped together the entire Opposition. The fact is that barring one party, the Opposition has been constructive in pursuing the larger national interest. The whole nation knows that it is only one party which, unable to adjust to the reality of its defeat, has made obstructionism its response to every issue, regardless of the negative consequences for the nation.
The printed word is dying, but the printed keyboard is alive and kicking. And no, you won't need a 3D printer to make one. A company called Novalia has made an incredibly thin Bluetooth keyboard made of photo paper, conductive ink and its proprietary electronic module.
Novalia made the keyboard to show off its advancements in printed technology, particularly the electronic module based on Nordic Semiconductor's system-on-a-chip and a printing process that allows conventional printers to mass produce capacitive sensors.
Novalia's technology could be used to make not just keyboards but other input devices as well, and existing printing presses could churn out hundreds of overlays with built-in sensors in a matter of minutes. Nordic Semiconductor says the module can last for up to nine months on a single CR2032 button cell battery.
I'm not sure if Novalia will make the keyboard available to the public. It does have Switchboard, a much simpler version of the keyboard on its online shop . That one's made of foam board and has eight capacitive keys and sells for £25 (~$41 USD)
[via Geeky Gadgets & Nordic Semiconductor]
Shedding new light on the controversy over the NSA terrorist surveillance program, the journalist who has served as the mouthpiece for former NSA contract employee Edward Snowden has addressed several Marxist-Leninist conferences over the last few years.
New Zealand writer and researcher Trevor Loudon reports that Glenn Greenwald spoke to the Socialism 2011 conference and ended the evening of July 3, 2011, as part of a plenary entitled “Revolution and imperialism in the Middle East.” Prior to Glenn Greenwald's talk to the group, on civil liberties under President Obama, people in attendance chanted “Palestine will be free” and “Wars of occupation will never bring liberation.”
Greenwald is also a featured speaker at the Socialism 2013 conference in Chicago this month.
“That Greenwald was willing to address a gathering of some of the most revolutionary, anti-American elements in the country speaks volumes about their personal views,” noted Loudon. “So Glenn Greenwald, the man who leaked America's vital national security secrets on a massive scale, may not be the objective, impartial journalist they portray themselves to be.”
Indeed, the emerging evidence is that Greenwald, who writes for the British Guardian newspaper, works hand-in-glove with the International Marxist movement against the United States and its allies. This would help explain why China, Russia and other American adversaries and enemies stand to benefit from their disclosures.
As we have reported, Greenwald proudly accepted an award named in honor of Soviet agent and left-wing journalist I.F. Stone. They have encouraged people to donate money to WikiLeaks, the organization started by Julian Assange that disclosed classified information about U.S. counter-terrorism programs. Assange worked for Moscow-funded Russia Today (RT) before being granted asylum in the London embassy of the Marxist government of Ecuador.
Greenwald's source in the NSA controversy, a former NSA contractor named Edward Snowden, is hiding out in Chinese Hong Kong and has been offered asylum in Russia.
Greenwald has attended the socialism conferences since at least 2011, saying, “As someone who speaks at all sorts of political gatherings every year, I can say with certainty that no event assembles more passionate activism, genuine expertise, and provocative insights than the Socialism Conference. This will be my third straight year attending, and what keeps me coming back is how invigorating and inspiring it is to be in the midst of such diverse and impressive activists.”
The Socialist Worker website, associated with this year's conference, features the headline, “A world to win,” paying homage to Marx and Engels, and The Communist Manifesto.
The conferences are officially sponsored by the Center for Economic Research and Social Change (publisher of International Socialist Review and Haymarket Books), and co-sponsored by The International Socialist Organization (publisher of Socialist Worker).
The International Socialist Organization (ISO) is one of America's main Trotskyist/ Marxist-Leninist parties. It says, “We stand in the Marxist tradition, founded by Karl Marx and Frederick Engels, and continued by V.I. Lenin, Rosa Luxemburg and Leon Trotsky.”
It is not clear if Greenwald is an actual member of the group or simply gives them aid and comfort. But a video of Greenwald's 2011 remarks, posted by the International Socialist Organization, shows them speaking in front of a big conference banner proclaiming socialism. In the talk, they defend WikiLeaks and Julian Assange against charges they illegally released classified information from Bradley Manning, the Army analyst on trial for espionage and aiding the enemy. They also denounced the Tea Party for opposing Obamacare.
According to one account from the 2011 conference, Egyptian activist and organizer Bessan Kassab “spoke about US imperialism in Egypt” and “concluded by saying that the Egyptian revolutionaries are committed to a real revolutionary future in Egypt, to fighting imperialism, Zionism and are in support of armed resistance.”
Greenwald will be speaking to the ISO's annual conference this year, at the end of this month, in Chicago. Greenwald, along with Jeremy Scahill, will conduct an “urgent discussion about the attack on civil liberties, U.S. imperialism, and how we can fight back.”
This year's sessions include:
Trotsky on the united front
Lenin on self-determination
Frederick Engels, the family, and social reproduction
The relevance of the Communist Manifesto today
Harry Braverman's Labor and Monopoly Capital
Leon Trotsky's History of the Russian Revolution
Under the category of “Struggle in the Middle East,” we find the following sessions:
U.S. imperialism in the Middle East after the Arab Spring
The new movement against Israeli apartheid
The struggle for Palestine
Israel, Zionism, and imperialism
What happened to the Egyptian Revolution?
Greenwald is a hero to the Marxists for challenging the NSA and “the surveillance state.” One account says, “During a speech at the Socialism 2012 conference, Greenwald called the creeping surveillance state—with the expansive NSA hoarding complex at its center—an impediment to any efforts to meaningfully challenge the political status quo.”
It appears to be the case that Greenwald—and apparently their “source,” Edward Snowden—see the NSA, the spy agency created in 1948, as standing in the way of the worldwide victory of “anti-imperialist” forces.
On Wednesday, at a hearing on Capitol Hill, Army Gen. Keith Alexander, the director of the National Security Agency, said the terrorist surveillance programs helped thwart dozens of terrorist attacks on the United States and its allies.
The evidence of Greenwald's involvement with the international Marxist movement puts their attacks on the NSA's terrorist surveillance programs in a new light.
But will those who jumped on the Snowden bandwagon reevaluate their support for them now that the involvement of Marxist groups and hostile forces in Snowden's cause has become impossible to ignore?
When San Jose State University student Kyle Brady published the source code of their completed homework assignments after finishing a computer science class, their professor vigorously objected. The professor insisted that publication of the source code constituted a violation of the school's academic integrity policy because it would enable future students to cheat. Brady stood their ground as the confrontation escalated to the school's judicial affairs office, which sided with the student and affirmed that professors at the university cannot prohibit students from posting source code.
This conflict reflects some of the broader friction that exists between open source ideological values and an academic system in which collaboration and the ability to repurpose existing work makes it difficult to measure individual achievement. Free culture science fiction novelist Cory Doctorow shared their thoughts about the issue on Thursday in a blog post on BoingBoing. Doctorow suggests that assignments are ultimately more valuable to the students when the work that they produce can have broader purpose than merely fulfilling academic requirements. They also rightly points out that peer review of source code and studying existing implementations are both common practices in the real world of professional software development.
These are both compelling points and they illustrate how traditional academic sensibilities can be detrimental to the intellectual development of students. I concur fully with Doctorow's assessment of Brady's struggle and I have one further point to add myself. I think that sharing source code is an experience that has inherent educational value. As a programmer, I have learned more about programming from seeing how other people modify and reuse parts of my own code than I ever learned in a classroom.
The number of computer science students has declined sharply over the past decade, hitting rock bottom in 2007. Enrollment started to bounce back last year, but the United States still suffers from a lack of students who are pursuing technical degrees. This is degrading US technological competitiveness in the global community.
Part of the problem is that the detached and unproductive nature of modern computer science education makes the entire experience joyless and less valuable. Doctorow seems to have similar thoughts about this:
"I've always thought it was miserable that we take the supposed best and brightest in society, charge them up to $60,000 a year in fees, then put them to work for four years on producing busywork that no one—not them, not their profs, not other scholars—actually wants to read," Doctorow wrote. "Kyle's prof's idea of how computer programmers work is exactly what's meant by the pejorative sense of 'academic'—unrealistic, hidebound, and out-of-touch with reality."
Rather than forcing students to complete tedious busy-work in isolation, there are more practical and enriching approaches that could be taken to improve computer science education. Some schools actually encourage students to participate in open source software projects and make it part of the curriculum.
One example of computer science education done right is Seneca College, which collaborates with the Mozilla Foundation. Seneca students participate in a wide range of open source projects and are working on some very exciting and innovative things. The culture of this kind of computer science program is far more conducive to a meaningful learning experience.
Unlike Brady's professor at SJSU who was upset by the fact that a student dared to share their source, some of Seneca's enlightened computer science teachers practically expect their students to build dialog around their work. Seneca professor David Humphrey strongly encourages their students to blog and points out the importance of making it a regular habit. Humphrey also has had some relevant thoughts about Brady's predicament.
"This is proof that there are still serious barriers to mixing education proper with the web. At the same time that we're hearing stories like this one, there are an increasing number of stories about the opposite, and people who see the value of letting go of closed approaches to knowledge in favour of collaboration," Humphrey wrote. "More students need to follow Kyle's lead and take their learning seriously."
Indeed. It's also clear that more professors need to follow Humphrey's lead and explore ways that collaboration can be used to build a more fruitful learning experience.
Listing image by Justin Marty
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Ferrie's main co-conspirator in all this is business person Clay Shaw, and when they're not planning presidential assassinations, they like to blow off steam by hosting fabulous gay masquerades. If you don't feel like seeing Tommy Lee Jones' gold-painted nipples, look away now.
Thanks to this, Kevin Bacon is now only one degree removed from our next nightmare.
At one point, Ferrie comes to Garrison and admits to knowing Lee Harvey Oswald and being involved in the black ops group -- a few days later, he's found dead in their apartment, strongly hinting that they either killed themselves or the CIA killed them and faked it as a suicide.
But in Real Life ...
The entire point of Stone's depiction of events is that it's impossible to tell which parts are fake. In real life, Garrison did indeed reopen the case on the JFK assassination, and they did in fact believe it was a conspiracy involving Ferrie, Shaw and black ops agents working to overthrow Castro (and bitter about JFK not helping them). In real life, the jury only needed about an hour to decide that the whole thing was bullshit. It had something to do with Garrison having no evidence for their theory whatsoever.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In fact, the only reason Ferrie was involved in the investigation at all was that they had years earlier served with Oswald in the Civil Air Patrol, and because a mental patient called Jack Martin told the FBI that Ferrie had used their hypnotist powers to mind control Oswald into killing Kennedy.
Incog Man
"Look into my eyebrows. You're falling asleep."
In the movie, Martin is played by Jack Lemmon, but for some reason they skip their mental history and wackier accusations. Meanwhile, Garrison themselves wasn't entirely right in the head, apparently: At one point, they described the entire assassination plot as "a homosexual thrill-killing" and believed that Ferrie's motivation was that Kennedy was "virile" and "handsome." Ferrie, Shaw, Oswald, Jack Ruby -- in Garrison's mind, they were all part of some sort of gay role-playing president-killing cult.
Abraham Lincoln Papers
On second thought, that mustache looks suspiciously well groomed.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The movie takes Garrison's crazy conclusions and shows them as fact, complete with Ferrie confessing everything in private (he didn't) and flashing back to Ferrie and Shaw planning the assassination. In reality, there's no evidence whatsoever that Ferrie and Shaw knew each other, or that they belonged to a black ops group, or that they planned a presidential assassination, or even that they pranced around dressed like Mozart.
Clay Shaw was guilty of nothing more than being the creepiest-looking man in Washington.
OK, what about the suspicious suicide of Ferrie, which the movie insists was a hit job by the CIA? Well, Ferrie had been very sick, and the coroner ruled that their death was definitely due to natural causes.
To be fair, in real life Ferrie did have a disease that rendered them hairless, and they did wear a weird wig and fake eyebrows wherever they went. So Stone got that part right. Bravo!
Jim Ciscell is a frequent contributor to Curious Intentions Media. You can read more from Orrin Reede at TheSophomoreCritic.
For more real-life events muddied by bullshit, check out 6 Inspiring Rags to Riches Stories (That Are Bullshit) and 7 Bullshit Police Myths Everyone Believes (Thanks to Movies).
The federal government has prevented a North Korean youth football team from coming to Australia to play in a tournament, saying allowing them would be contrary to its opposition to the rogue nation's nuclear program.
The North Korean U19 team was due to play in the Asian Football Confederation championship qualifiers in November, amongst a group consisting of Australia, Hong Kong, and the Northern Mariana Islands.
The North Korean team was due to play Australia on November 8 in Shepparton, Victoria.
RELATED STORY: UN slaps global port ban on ships for North Korea sanctions violations
A Victorian Government spokesperson said the fixture will now be moved to a "neutral venue".
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop confirmed they stopped the group from arriving.
“The government has decided to not allow the North Korean U19 soccer team to enter Australia for the Asian Football Confederation U19 Championship Qualifiers,” Ms Bishop told SBS World News in a statement.
“Hosting the team would be contrary to the Government's strong opposition to North Korea's illegal nuclear and missile development programs.
“It would also be inconsistent with our efforts to increase diplomatic and economic pressure on Pyongyang to comply with UN Security Council resolutions.”
Football Federation Australia said it was disappointed that the qualifying fixtures would now be played elsewhere.
“Football Federation Australia is disappointed that qualifying fixtures for the Asian Football Confederation U-19 Championship ... are now likely to be relocated outside Australia due to the Federal Government's decision not to grant visas to the team from DPR Korea,” a spokesperson told SBS World News.
“FFA respects the Australian Government's responsibility to make decisions on visa applications.”
It's understood the potential financial losses from the hosting rights would be minimal but the decision would cost the Australian youth team competitive advantage.
Earlier this year, Malaysia's qualifying match against North Korea for the 2019 Asian Cup was postponed after the two countries were involved in a tiff over the assassination of the estranged half-brother of Pyongyang ruler Kim Jong-un.
Battle Chasers is an American fantasy comic book series by Joe Madureira, launched in April 1998. It was one of the most popular American comics series in the late 1990s, but suffered from extreme scheduling problems, with an average of about six months between issues, including a delay of 16 months for issue #7. Madureira produced a total of nine issues in four years (publishing two to three a year), a pace for which they were criticized.[1]
Originally published by WildStorm under its Cliffhanger imprint (founded by Madureira with J. Scott Campbell and Humberto Ramos), the series moved to Image Comics in 2001.
The last issue, #9, was published in September 2001 and had a cliffhanger-ending that was never concluded, as #10 (scheduled for November 2001) was never released and Joe Madureira left the comic industry to pursue a career as a video game designer. Joe Madureira has said they plan to release issue #10, starting directly where issue #9 ended, and two more issues as part of a 3-part story arc some time after the release of Battle Chasers: Nightwar in October 2017.[2][3]
Publication history [ edit ]
Battle Chasers was one of the initial three comic book series published under the Cliffhanger label, which Madureira founded with fellow artists J. Scott Campbell (Danger Girl) and Humberto Ramos (Crimson) for Jim Lee's Image Comics imprint, WildStorm. When, effective in 1999, Wildstorm was sold to DC Comics, the Cliffhanger titles moved along, and issues 5 through 8 of Battle Chasers were published by DC, until Madureira left the publisher, and released Battle Chasers #9 through Image Comics. Madureira canceled Battle Chasers #10, and placed the series "on hold" after forming a game development company called Tri-Lunar with Tim Donley and Greg Peterson.[1]
When it was announced in August 2005 that Madureira would return to the comic industry, working on a then-unspecified project with Jeph Loeb for Marvel Comics (which was later revealed to be The Ultimates 3), they also stated that a conclusion to Battle Chasers is "one of those things that I think about every once in a while, and not having finished it bums me out… I would love to do it at some point, but it would be very far out."[4]
Overview [ edit ]
The story takes place in an arcanepunk setting. The story stars four main characters, including a nine-year-old girl named Gully, whose father mysteriously vanishes, leaving behind a pair of magical gloves. A warrior named Red Monika tries to enlist Garrison, a swordsman haunted by the death of their wife, to assist in freeing a prisoner, which Garrison turns down. Red Monika accidentally releases four extremely powerful villains during the breakout. Garrison overcomes their grief and joins Gully, the wizard Knolan, and the towering war golem Calibretto to stop the villains' rampage.
Characters [ edit ]
Garrison At the beginning of the series, Garrison is a drunk in despair with the passing of their wife.  They are a legendary swordsman and owns a powerful magical sword. Trained in swordplay by Red Monika and mentored by Aramus. From Joe's original concept sketches of the characters, Garrison's sword was able to open similar to the Thundercats' Sword of Omens.[5]
Gully Gully is a nine-year-old girl whose father, Aramus, mysteriously vanishes leaving a powerful set of magical gloves behind. Through the series they share a friendship with Calibretto and Knolan while searching for their father.
Calibretto An outlawed war golem with a very gentle personality. The last of their kind after all previous war golems were ordered to be destroyed. Their arms can fire projectiles.
Knolan A powerful wizard, approximately five hundred years old, who takes Gully under their wing. Their companion is Calibretto, a war golem.
Red Monika A voluptuous bounty hunter who originally trained Garrison, and has an apparent history with him. Joe's concept sketch notes refer to them as "sort of the Jessica Rabbit of the Battle Chasers world".[6]
Reception [ edit ]
Although issue 10 of Battle Chasers was not released, it was 14th in the Top 300 comics list with an estimated pre-order of 60,860.[7]
Film adaptation [ edit ]
In March 2003, Twentieth Century Fox has optioned feature rights to the fantasy comicbook series with Gil Netter attached to produce.[8]
Issues [ edit ]
Core issues [ edit ]
Battle Chasers Prelude (1998, Image Comics/Wildstorm)
(1998, Image Comics/Wildstorm) Story in Frank Frazetta Fantasy Illustrated #2 (1998, Quantum Cat Entertainment)
#2 (1998, Quantum Cat Entertainment) Battle Chasers #1–4 (1998, Image Comics/Wildstorm)
#1–4 (1998, Image Comics/Wildstorm) Battle Chasers #5–8 (1999–2001, DC Comics/Wildstorm)
#5–8 (1999–2001, DC Comics/Wildstorm) Battle Chasers #9 (2001, Image Comics)
Reprints [ edit ]
Battle Chasers: Collected Edition #1 (reprints Battle Chasers #1–2)
#1 (reprints #1–2) Battle Chasers: Collected Edition #2 (reprints Battle Chasers #3–4)
#2 (reprints #3–4) Battle Chasers: A Gathering of Heroes (ISBN 1-56389-538-2; reprints Battle Chasers #1–5, the Prelude and the story from Frank Frazetta Fantasy Illustrated #2)
(ISBN 1-56389-538-2; reprints #1–5, the and the story from #2) Battle Chasers Anthology HC (reprints #0-9; and a few sketches and pages of the unprinted issues 10) release April 26, 2011.
Battle Chasers: Nightwar [ edit ]
On September 9, 2015, Madureira started a 30-day Kickstarter campaign for a turn-based role-playing game called Battle Chasers: Nightwar that serves as a continuation and jumping-on point of the original comic book series. The game is being developed by Airship Syndicate and published by THQ Nordic. Maduriera will be the CEO and Creative Director along with Ryan Stefanelli as President and Lead Designer; Steve Madureira as Animation Director; Christopher Brooks as Technical Director and Jesse Carpenter as Environment Lead. 2D animation scenes in the game will be developed by Powerhouse Animation Studios. Nightwar is currently planned for release on PC and Mac, both on Steam and DRM-free on GoG, Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions were eventually added as core goals. It was also confirmed for the Nintendo Switch in a Nintendo Direct in April 2017. In addition to this, new issues of the Battle Chasers comic book will be published and released digitally with pledges starting at $90 and higher.[9]
Calibretto will also be a playable character in the upcoming funded crossover game Indivisible.
Southampton University has announced that it is developing new unmanned aircraft for science applications and geoscientific research.
The project is expected to help overcome difficulties encountered by conventional observation platforms when obtaining detailed in situ data from high altitudes, regions close to mountains or the sea surface and Polar Regions.
This autumn, the university will be launching MAVIS (Massive Atmospheric Volume Instrumentation System), a new project funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, in partnership with the Scottish Marine Institute, and with the support of the British Antarctic Survey, the MetOffice and the National Centre for Atmospheric Science.
The university claims MAVIS will offer the possibility of a flexible measurement system that could open up new possibilities to atmospheric scientists, including more high quality and widespread measurements for accurate weather forecasting and monitoring of pollution and volcanic ash.
At the centre of MAVIS lies an innovative concept for an atmospheric sensing system: a fleet of small, very light, bespoke instrumented gliders are released en masse from a high altitude meteorological balloon over the environment to be observed.
During their autopilot-guided descent along paths optimised for sampling efficiency, they collect a wide range of readings, which can subsequently be converted into an accurate map of the quantity – such as pollutant concentration – being observed.
The MAVIS project forms part of the University's ASTRA (Atmospheric Science Through Robotic Aircraft) initiative, which has pioneered a number of rapid prototyping and low cost technologies in the design of UAS for geoscientific research.
On July 22, 2013 ASTRA announced that it had successfully tested a balloon-launched drifter, a novel unmanned aircraft designed for oceanographic research.
War Thunder [Official Site], the free to play cross-platform MMO may gain Vulkan support in "the near future" the developers have said.
In their "Answers from developers!" post was this question (I've cropped the quotes to the relevent bits):
"Will there be Vulcan АPI […]"
In reply, the developers said this:
Vulcan is very interesting to us and we support its development (link). We hope that it might replace OpenGL in the Linux and Windows versions in the near future, and possibly Direct X 9.0. That depends on whether graphics card manufacturers support it. […]
I think people will forever be spelling Vulkan incorrectly.
It's good news to see more developers considering it. Not only can it potentially improve performance, but it's an open API and good news for Linux gaming if more developers use it. War Thunder already support Linux, but the more, the better.
Thanks for the tip in our Telegram Group, Uriel!
News > DreamHack > Pokkén Tournament Championship Series is back!
Pokkén Tournament Championship Series is back at DreamHack
We are very happy to welcome the Pokkén Tournament Championship Series back to DreamHack at DreamHack Summer 2017. Don't miss out on your chance to compete and earn prizes and invitations to the Pokémon World Championships. Show off your Pokémon fighting skills in the 2017 Pokkén Tournament Championship Series Europe Qualifier at DreamHack Summer 2017!
A total of 16 players will qualify for the Pokkén Tournament World Championships. Four players from a European event at DreamHack Summer 2017 and four players from a North American event will qualify. The remainder of the invitations will be awarded to players from Japan and via the Last Chance Qualifier. A prize pool worth over $25,000 is in store for the winning competitors in the Pokkén Tournament Championship Series!
The Pokkén Tournament Championship Series tournament area at DreamHack Summer 2017 will be open 11-21 daily, sign up to play in the tournament now and compete for slots in the Pokémon World Championships. Be sure to catch the live stream if you can't be on location to experience the action!
All ticket holders to the DreamHack Summer 2017 event is eligible to participate in the tournament.
Sign Up
Loading…
Direct link to the sign up page: https://goo.gl/forms/RQ7gZq7jxwf2NM392
Tournament Information
Tournament: Pokkén Tournament Championship Series Europe Qualifier
Location: Hall B, DreamHack Summer 2017
Tournament Dates: Saturday 17th June & Sunday 18th June
Platform: Wii U, The Latest available patch
Monitor: BENQ / ZOWIE
Format: 1on1. Double Elimination bracket.
Controllers: Please bring your own Wii U / Pokkén Tournament compatible controller or joystick. HORI controller are available at location to lend
Prize Money Policy: Click here.
Prizes:
1st place: $1,250 + travel and an invite to Worlds
2nd place: $1,000 + travel and an invite to Worlds
3rd place: $750 + travel and an invite to Worlds
4th place: $600 + travel and an invite to Worlds
5th place: $450
5th place: $450
7th place: $250
7th place: $250
Rules and Regulations:
Pokkén Tournament rules
Play! Pokémon General Event Rules
Tournament Schedule
Saturday 17th June
08:00 – DreamHack Opens
11:00 – Registration & on site confirmation opens
11:00 – Tournament Area open for practice & free play
17:00 – Bracket Play Starts
21:00 – Tournament area Closes
Sunday 18th June
11:00 – Tournament area open
14:00 – Play offs starts
21:00 – Tournament area closes
Monday 19th June
Area open for free play
11:00 – Tournament area open
21:00 – Tournament area closes
The schedule are subject of change and DreamHack may change, delete, or update it at any time and without prior notice. Please check back to get the latest version prior to the event.
You need a Pokémon ID to be able to get championship points and prize money
Sign up for an account at Pokémon.com making sure you select the correct country and birthdate (or log in if you already have an account for Global Link)
Click Play! Pokémon Settings on the sidebar after logging in
Enter a Screen Name you'd like to use along with your first and last name
Click “Assign me a New Player ID”
Note: If you received one at an event already, select the corresponding option and enter the Player ID and PIN you were given. Accept the Terms & Conditions and click Submit.
Tickets
Thinking about competing in one of our tournaments at DreamHack Summer 2017? All you need is a ticket! Head over to our Ticket Site to check out the different ticket types and secure yours today!
Stay Updated
Like to stay informed and updated to everything related to DreamHack Summer 2017? Then check out the official website dreamhack.se/dhs17 and follow DreamHack on Social Media:
Facebook: DreamHackfestival
Twitter @DreamHack
Instagram: @DreamHack
Snapchat: DreamHackLive
Last season, Carolina drafted Luke Kuechly, who's currently one of the best inside linebackers in the league. This year it was defensive tackle Star Lotulelei. While they aren't even the full-time starter yet, every indication says he's going to be an absolute world-breaker, if they aren't already.
The past few seasons, your sweet old grandmother could have run up the middle against the Panthers interior linemen. Carolina runs a 4-3 defense, meaning each defensive tackle is responsible for fewer gaps, but Sione Fua and Dwan Edwards—combined with backups like Ron Edwards and Andre Neblett—capped out at average on their good days, and far below it on most others. And as a result, the Panthers' actually talented defensive ends Greg Hardy and Charles Johnson suffered. The whole defensive line was a wreck.
Enter the Death Star. Though he's still in a rotation at their position, Lotulelei doesn't look like a rookie when he's on the field. Listed at six-foot-two and 315 pounds, Lotulelei is built like a 4-3 nose tackle, but they play like a much heavier 3-4 nose tackle. Think Jets nose tackle Damon Harrison if they moved around like Warren Sapp. Like Harrison, Lotulelei is an absolute monolith against the run. As a team, the Panthers are allowing just 80.2 rushing yards per game this year, after allowing 110 on 4.2 per carry last season, and a lot of that is Lotulelei. They have recorded 27 runs "stops," tied for fifth-most among defensive tackles, and according to Pro Football Focus they have the highest run stop percentage among defensive tackles in the league—even higher than Harrison—with 13.5% of runs against them stopped for a "loss" (this is situational, and not necessarily a loss of yardage). He's somehow outperforming players with 30 or more pounds on him.
They can rush the passer too. While we obviously shouldn't put them at the same level as Sapp just yet, their abilities working out of a 4-3 can be reminiscent of the Hall of Famer. Lotulelei frequently draws two linemen to block him, and they can also break down the pocket, even though their stats only reflect them as having two sacks on the season. Their ability to rush the passer has earned them four quarterback hits and 13 hurries, which are middle of the pack numbers, but impressive when you see the attention they get.
Advertisement
Let's look at them in this week's bloodbath against Tampa Bay. With star defensive end Charles Johnson out for the game against Tampa Bay, Ron Rivera rotated in Mario Addison and Frank Alexander at the position, while Dwan Edwards and Lotulelei were mixed at DT. Even within a zone-blocking scheme, the Bucs chose to frequently double up Lotulelei, and when they didn't, at least had a second lineman bump them on the way to their assignment. Largely though, Tampa Bay just did its best to run the ball away from Lotulelei, which drew some success as Bobby Rainey picked up a few chunks of yards and first downs. Not here, though:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Lotulelei sheer strength and tackling ability are on display here. Watch as he's doubled up for a second before going one-on-one with guard Jamon Meredith. Lotulelei actually moves the double team onto its heels on their own, into the backfield, and then once Rainey tries to burst through the hole, finds a way to peel off and drag them down with one hand, holding them to a two-yard gain. This is a preposterous play.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
That ability to tackle while being blocked wasn't a fluke. Check out the Rams' second offensive play in Week 7, where Lotulelei takes down running back Zac Stacy while being blocked by Joe Barksdale. They don't just come off the block, they move the blocker into position to where they can dump off Barksdale and move right into the tackle.  They are a fucking beast.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
The rookie's talent at breaking the pocket when single-blocked can indirectly lead to turnovers, too. Watch Lotulelei flip six-foot-nine tackle Demar Dotson over as if he's a small child and proceed to chase down Mike Glennon. They don't get the sack, but pressures the typically risk-averse rookie quarterback into throwing a deep ball for Vincent Jackson that was picked off by Mike Mitchell. (An aside: This was on second down and 1. Glennon could have scrambled left to net the first down or just thrown it away and set up a third and short. Instead, they throw it deep. That needs work.)
Lotulelei's teammates have also benefited from their presence. Defensive end Greg Hardy's probably falling short of their 50-sack goal, but their seven sacks don't tell the whole story. Along with 11 sacks, Hardy totaled 35 quarterback hurries and 12 hits in 2012, per Pro Football Focus. In 12 games this season, he's hit the quarterback 16 times and hurried them 32 times. Similar to Harrison, Lotulelei's acting as a big enough obstruction that their defensive ends have more chances to hassle the quarterback. At the very least, Hardy's getting their opportunities to reach 50.
We have less of a grasp on tracking the improvement of the handsomely paid Charles Johnson, who's missed the past two games with a knee sprain. Johnson had been putting up consistent numbers, with 8.5 sacks, seven hits and 34 hurries in 10 games in 2013. Last season, Johnson racked up 12.5 sacks, 11 hits and 49 hurries, along with seven forced fumbles. Johnson should be back for a crucial divisional game against the Saints, so there's hope yet that he'll reach or surpass their totals from last season. But it's very safe to say that Star's success hasn't come at the expense of Johnson.
Advertisement
Lotulelei's been the savior to a Panthers' defensive line that had been a sad state of affairs in the past two seasons. In 2011, it puked up a league-worst 4.98 yards to running backs, according to Football Outsiders, and gave up 1.47 second-level yards, second-worst in the league. Carolina gave up the second-most adjusted yards on runs up the middle. In 2012, after Kuechly came to tune up the linebacker depth chart, the second-level yardage decreased, but it and the yards allowed per carry were still in the bottom half of the league. Runs up the middle against Carolina's d-line still resulted in juicy gains.
This season, the Panthers' line has played at a top-10 level, allowing under 3.5 adjusted line yards per carry and ranking as the sixth-best run-stuffing team. And not only that, but the runs up the middle that were killing the Panthers the past few years now seem to be a strength that Carolina is using to its advantage. Check out the third chart down on Football Outsiders's defensive line breakdown. Among elite run defenses, only Carolina actively seems to encourage runs up the middle, with 73 percent of opponent rushes coming there—the highest figure in the league. And once they get there, they meet Star, and get sat down.
Of course, the excellent play of a defensive line snowballs and improves the play of linebackers and defensive backs. The less time for the offense, the better. Per FO, the Panthers are currently the second-best team defense by DVOA. The pass defense was decent last season, but it's improved even further with no drastic roster changes.
Advertisement
There doesn't seem to be any effective way of nullifying Lotulelei, short of waiting for them to come off the field. You can try running away from him, but the Panthers don't really allow you to do that schematically. Which isn't to short-shrift the rest of the defense: Johnson and Hardy are two formidable parts of an incredibly stout Carolina front seven, and Kuechly is one of the best in the NFL. There's a reason that this defense has allowed a league-low 13.1 points per game.
The past two seasons have had flashes of excellence amid the sputtering—and a lot of the attention then and now has centered around Cam Newton—but this year, it seems like everything's running in harmony for Analytical Ron and their crew, and the defense is out in front of the reasons why.
Photo: Bill Wippert/AP
A rock with zebra mussels attached was found by the Minnehaha Creek Watershed District during a sampling in Minnehaha Creek in July 2012.
Zebra mussels have been found in White Bear Lake and Lake Waconia. Those popular Twin Cities lakes are now considered infested.
Biologists found three zebra mussels in Lake Waconia in Carver County and three in White Bear Lake, which straddles Ramsey and Washington counties, following reports from the public, the state Department of Natural Resources said Friday.
"In both Waconia and White Bear, the size and location of the zebra mussels found may suggest natural reproduction could be occurring," the DNR said. "In such cases, control efforts such as the chemical treatment recently tried on Christmas Lake in Shorewood would likely be ineffective."
The DNR will post signs about the infestation at both Lake Waconia and White Bear Lake.
• Map: See where zebra mussels have spread in Minnesota
It's been a bad year for Zebra mussel discoveries.
The DNR this summer confirmed zebra mussels in northwest Minnesota lakes, including popular Lake Melissa, near Detroit Lakes.
A few weeks ago, the DNR said it found the mussels in Cass Lake, one of the state's largest. It was the first time the invasive species has been confirmed in the Bemidji area. The DNR also designated connecting lakes and rivers around Cass Lake as infested.
More than 175 Minnesota lakes and rivers are now infested with zebra mussels, an invasive species that can push out native mussels. They can also cause more algae and weed growth — they filter the lake water, allowing sunlight to penetrate more deeply.
• Topic: Environment coverage
Zebra mussels attach to boats, making it easy for them to travel and contaminate other waters.
Boaters are required to clean their boats after leaving a lake to keep from transporting mussels that might attach to the boat hulls.
The DNR and county officials across Minnesota have been working this summer to beef up boat inspection and enforcement. Gov. Mark Dayton earlier this year signed legislation to distribute $10 million a year to local governments to fight the mussels and other aquatic invasive species.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
LAS VEGAS -- A soccer match is not being canceled despite several fights having broken out before the game was scheduled to begin at Sam Boyd Stadium.
Fans were being allowed into the stadium about 8:15 p.m., shortly after the 8 p.m. scheduled start. Fans were held for about an hour near a parking lot at Russell and Broadbent roads before being let inside.
Steve Flynn, whose company is handling public relations for the match, said in a statement, "The match is still on. There was a safety concern in the parking lot prior to the match. Entrance and exit strategies have been changed to ensure the safety of our guests."
The El Super Clasico 2013 match is between Mexican clubs America and Guadalajara, considered the biggest rivalry in Mexican soccer.
The brawl broke out about 7:15 Wednesday, Metro Police officer Bill Cassell said. Bottles and punches were being thrown with 100 people on each side getting into altercations, they said.
The roads leading into the stadium were closed and police were in riot gear, according to the scanner traffic.
Witnesses told 8 News NOW that the scene was chaotic and the rival fans were throwing beer bottles. Other witnesses said they saw several people being taken away in ambulances.
According to a Metro Police source, the crowd was throwing large rocks at two officers, who then called for assistance.
One woman who called 8 News NOW said their son works in concessions in the stadium and the fighting was also happening inside.
Cassell said 120 law enforcement of Metro, Henderson Police, park police, and UNLV Police, were on scene with no arrests. Six fans were transported as result of the fights with one being heat related.
There was darkness in their house. The blinds were opened, by them or by them The sunlight did pass through the window, but there was still darkness.
They couldn't sit there all day, they thought. So, they wore their cozy socks and their boots. Yes, the sun was flaming the streets. They needed to regain their warmth, though. There must be a regaining process after a giving-out one.
They clicked the doorknob. Then they smelled their hands. A rosy scent. They walked on the carpet to the stairs. There were few paintings along the corridor. The first one had an apple and a banana in the bowl. The bowl was brown, matching the colour of the table. It was the curve that made the distinction. The apple was half-hidden, as if it was eaten by someone, but they could not determine. The banana, as usual, was curvy. But it did not curve upwards. It was showing them a sad face.
The second one was a princess with a pink dress and a crown. The pink was not the one of the peach. It was a pale shade of pink, almost unseen. The crown was blue. The princess opened their mouth, as if they were going to say, “I am stuck inside of this. Rescue me.”, while they extended their arm to the frame. Did they see this? They thought. What good paintings painted by some unknown artists, they thought. When they reached this, they had arrived the end of the corridor.
Was I walking too fast? They were thinking. They didn't appreciate the pieces deep enough to come up with a meaning, but there were no titles nor captions. The eyes of the princess looked into the wall, eternally, until one day when the building would collapse, they thought. Such sorrow eyes, they thought.
Their eyes were watery.
They missed a step and fell down the stairs.
I'm on top of the world, eh. I'm on top of the world, eh.
Their eyes were watery. It didn't hurt.
They opened the door, trying to regain their consciousness. The rays of light directly shone into their eyes. It was like a brand-new day, but not brand new.
They looked around the street. They didn't want to head to Westville. It was enough of them for today. Instead, they found no restaurant without a queue. In fact, there were only 3 restaurants on the street. No big surprise, they thought. They didn't even want to eat at those restaurants, they thought, the food was not tasty.
They headed for the subway station. They saw umbrellas on top of their head on the way. There was not even one drip of rain today. One drip. No more, they thought, no more of the thinking. They knew they should be carefree right now, as they had everything and nothing.
Their mobile phone rang.
Have I given me my number? They thought. There was no trace of that memory. But it was not them
“Victor, where are you?”
“I'm at Ineast. Who are you?”
“You know who I am. I thought you are arriving today. Why have you not begun your journey?”
Oh, the journey. Had they not started, or had they started. It was confusing. The decision was crucial. Their brain reminded every second of the 4-hour journey. They thought they had decided to give up everything, but they realized they could not.
The system jammed. It was near to shut down.
“Hello? Victor?”
The sunrise. Why would they forget about the sunrise they had promised her?
“Yes. Well, I have to be honest with you?”
“What?”
Think of the future…
“Wait a second.”
What future could they gain? It was an opportunity they had been founding for months. Abandoning the hard work was hard.
“I'll call you later.”
They hesitated. They thought they could let go of something that was unimportant. They missed out the decision.
The decision about what was important and what was not.
The decision which would affect their lives.
Life, what a joke.
Advertisements
A disease threatening native trees and fruit crops in Northland has spread to a second site, the Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) says.
Photo: Supplied
A biosecurity response team from the ministry has been in the region since the yellow fungus was found in Kerikeri last week.
Test results have confirmed the fungal plant infection is present at a second site in the town.
The ministry received the results this afternoon, confirming the infection at a private residential site on the same street as the originally-infected nursery.
A second nursery in the town had been under suspicion of having myrtle rust, but lab tests on samples proved negative.
The ministry was arranging re-testing of further samples to rule out a false negative result.
Its director of intelligence, planning and co-ordination, Geoff Gwyn, said today's find in a nearby garden was not unexpected, given the ability for myrtle rust to spread as invisible spores on the wind.
There would be conditions placed on the property to prevent the spread of the disease from the new site and affected plants would be treated, they said.
Further testing was being done.
Officials have been carrying out a high-priority search since the discovery of the first mainland case of the disease last Tuesday.
The ministry was doing everything it could to contain its spread, Mr Gwyn said earlier today.
Restricted notices were in place as a precaution until the result of the samples were confirmed.
Action to prepare for myrtle rust arriving in New Zealand had been ongoing since 2010, Mr Gwyn said.
Nursery that discovered disease hoping to be allowed back
Tom Lindesay, an owner of the nursery that detected myrtle rust last week, said they were hoping MPI would lift the quarantine on the nursery today.
Kerikeri Plant Production has been in lockdown since the fungus was found under the leaves of five pōhutukawa seedlings.
Mr Lindesay said the family business was impressed with the MPI staff who had been on site for days.
"They finished yesterday afternoon and it's just closed up at the moment and we're just waiting to find out whether we are allowed back to work there. They are going to let us know today sometime."
Mr Lindesay said, if the quarantine was lifted, they thought they would probably still face two or three weeks where they would not be able to trade.
The fungus originally from South America has been killing large numbers of native trees in Australia since 2010.
It spreads by air and is thought to be a threat to natives including pōhutukawa, rātā, mānuka and kānuka, as well as introduced species such as feijoas, guavas, gums, bottlebrush and other members of the myrtaceae family.
At this stage MPI was assuming that the outbreak came from the Eastern Coast of Australia, Mr Gwyn said.
NIWA would study wind plumes to help identify its point of origin and more research was being done to identify the particular strain of myrtle rust found in Kerikeri.
The former sentinel was created as a vital part of Britain's defence against the Nazis but is now available as a designer four-bedroom home.
It was used by a farmer as a potato store after the war until it was snapped up by a developer.
The property - aptly named The Bunker - is situated at St Levan in Cornwall and was positioned to give the armed forces a bird's-eye view of Land's End
Developer Liz Strutton, 38, bought it for £145,000 with and converted it into an underground home which has spectacular views from its grassy roof.
Liz said they and their husband Mike had spent the same again refurbishing the property.
It has now been put on the market for £350,000. They said: "It's an amazing place. It's so secluded that it's the sort of place you could live your life as a recluse.
"When we first looked around, it really was just an empty concrete shell. There was nothing in it from the war, apart from a box of old fuses.
"There were no guns lying around or anything. A farmer had been using it as a potato store and it was completely dry.
"We just fell in love with the place. We thought we might never see one again and if we did not grab it, we would regret it.
"It's just like an ordinary four-bedroom bungalow, it's not dark or anything. But it's very secure. There could be a zombie attack and nothing would get in."
The bunker was used as a lookout for enemy ships but also to keep watch on a cable wireless station at nearby Porthcurno to check it was well defended.
A tunnel to link the two installations was originally dug into the cliffs, but has since collapsed.
Reg Fowler, who is marketing The Bunker, said: "It's very well camouflaged and when you're there, you can be completely cut off from the world. It is the ideal hideaway."
Make the poor richer and the rich less rich a guest Jun 19th, 2016 16,088 Never a guest16,088Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.98 KB -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA256 Ladies and gentlemen; We come to you with great pleasure to now offer 2000% or 20x return contracts. You have to notify us before hand of the amount of tokens you wish to be multiplied and we will send you back a customized bytecode with a SIMPLE guide on how to successfully execute the contract and get your 2000% return from the DAO. We accept payment in bitcoins or DAO tokens or ether; Price Breakdown: 1) DAO token balance to multiply = 1,000 or less = 1BTC or 5,000 DAOs or 50ETH Potential Gain for Buyer - 200ETH 2) DAO token balance to multiply = 5,000 or less = 4BTC or 20k DAO, or 200 ETH Potential Gain - 1000ETH 3) DAO token balance to multiply = 10,000 or less = 6BTC or 30k DAO, or 300ETH Potential Gain for Buyer - 2000ETH 4) Anything above 10,000 will be considered by our team, and likely contain a decent premium or we may just likely reject it outright, this is aimed moreso at spreading the wealth to the smaller users, although it allows whales to do it as well, but in smaller increments. **Send us an e-mail if you wish to complete this transaction; goldyloxx@sigaint.org** **SERIOUS OFFER: TL;DR WE ARE SELLING CUSTOMIZED RECURSIVE CALL CONTRACTS OF THE DAO THAT WILL ALLOW YOU TO MULTIPLY YOUR FUNDS BY 20X. DISCLOSURE: WE HAVE HUNDREDS OF OUR OWN CONTRACTS DEPLOYED WAITING TO COMPLETE A FULL HEIST OF THE DAO, WE NEED OTHER USERS TO PARTICIPATE SO IT WILL BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR THE HARD FORK TO REDISTRIBUTE FUNDS BACK ** -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v2 iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJXZyLlAAoJEOr7aOGjIMncDsMH/ArUnU6GcAsVLkGBAduE08G+ AcKci986ehyzmC4XOPbhxtE2axxcOOQPjgeLgz6kfEHL1fiwfC5vQJZu3NQw2v/m QZpd57KKAxZ245oz4pzJdkhM+3rqnG+JV9zow0vzp8vGGLOCpPLPL09JdsFWeL/H qODyvPgj3TiKVpDZ9JhygrIBpOZbn3xi9j1yqEv/GDrB9wpDglz/L8egDOoQjLXB zFabHIaha/4POEz6EdUGjeU3cA3eJpUYkU51mIRBkLDtwWo0JPxfdcsL4zELC6Ix w4Bo3SjMJSqBDMZjC2HxXRm2VyC/iIfC4gSvmhDPq8sHm/Z8uQOt0sC01QMUXO4= =vFi+ -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
RAW Paste Data
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA256 Ladies and gentlemen; We come to you with great pleasure to now offer 2000% or 20x return contracts. You have to notify us before hand of the amount of tokens you wish to be multiplied and we will send you back a customized bytecode with a SIMPLE guide on how to successfully execute the contract and get your 2000% return from the DAO. We accept payment in bitcoins or DAO tokens or ether; Price Breakdown: 1) DAO token balance to multiply = 1,000 or less = 1BTC or 5,000 DAOs or 50ETH Potential Gain for Buyer - 200ETH 2) DAO token balance to multiply = 5,000 or less = 4BTC or 20k DAO, or 200 ETH Potential Gain - 1000ETH 3) DAO token balance to multiply = 10,000 or less = 6BTC or 30k DAO, or 300ETH Potential Gain for Buyer - 2000ETH 4) Anything above 10,000 will be considered by our team, and likely contain a decent premium or we may just likely reject it outright, this is aimed moreso at spreading the wealth to the smaller users, although it allows whales to do it as well, but in smaller increments. **Send us an e-mail if you wish to complete this transaction; goldyloxx@sigaint.org** **SERIOUS OFFER: TL;DR WE ARE SELLING CUSTOMIZED RECURSIVE CALL CONTRACTS OF THE DAO THAT WILL ALLOW YOU TO MULTIPLY YOUR FUNDS BY 20X. DISCLOSURE: WE HAVE HUNDREDS OF OUR OWN CONTRACTS DEPLOYED WAITING TO COMPLETE A FULL HEIST OF THE DAO, WE NEED OTHER USERS TO PARTICIPATE SO IT WILL BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR THE HARD FORK TO REDISTRIBUTE FUNDS BACK ** -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v2 iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJXZyLlAAoJEOr7aOGjIMncDsMH/ArUnU6GcAsVLkGBAduE08G+ AcKci986ehyzmC4XOPbhxtE2axxcOOQPjgeLgz6kfEHL1fiwfC5vQJZu3NQw2v/m QZpd57KKAxZ245oz4pzJdkhM+3rqnG+JV9zow0vzp8vGGLOCpPLPL09JdsFWeL/H qODyvPgj3TiKVpDZ9JhygrIBpOZbn3xi9j1yqEv/GDrB9wpDglz/L8egDOoQjLXB zFabHIaha/4POEz6EdUGjeU3cA3eJpUYkU51mIRBkLDtwWo0JPxfdcsL4zELC6Ix w4Bo3SjMJSqBDMZjC2HxXRm2VyC/iIfC4gSvmhDPq8sHm/Z8uQOt0sC01QMUXO4= =vFi+ -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
GENERAL SANTOS CITY — President Rodrigo Duterte defended Sunday night the recent pre-debut photo shoot of their granddaughter in Malacañang.
Duterte, speaking at the 39th birthday bash of boxing icon and senator Manny Pacquiao at KCC Mall convention center here, said the photo shoot of Isabelle Lovelie Duterte, for their 18th birthday, was just a small matter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Isabelle, a Grade 12 student at Ateneo de Davao, is the daughter of Duterte's son Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte.  They are Paolo's first child with their ex-wife Lovelie Sangkola Sumera.
“It's a small matter. Gamitin lang ang Malacañang. Wala naman ako doon and even if I was there, eh, kung granddaughter ko magpa-picture, lahat nga ng mga bisita dyan nagpapa-picture eh,” they said.
“You know that girl, ang nanay nya Maranao. May mga (kaanak) ako na Muslim. Kaya kayong mga Moro don't be offended by my words. I am just trying to tell you that there's a problem which we have to solve together,” they added.
Photos posted by members of their style team on Instagram showed a stunning Isabelle posing inside the Palace and on its grounds in different gowns, including a voluminous, off-shoulder red one by Dubai-based designer Garimon Roferos.
The photo showed them in a pink gown posing before the seal of the President and beside the Philippine flag. In another photo, they were in a red gown at the carpeted hallway leading to Rizal Hall, the venue for many of the official events held at the Palace.
A third photo showed them in a floral dress before the fountain at the Palace's grounds.
Isabelle captured the attention of some netizens for their princess-like beauty in what appeared to be their fairy-tale palace.
But they also earned the ire of other social media users who saw the Palace as an inappropriate venue for their pre-debut photo shoot. /cbb
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
A pit bull attack in northwest Calgary has left a small dog dead and teenage girl traumatized.
A woman was moving into a new rental property in Briar Hill last weekend when their one-year-old pit bull, Jade, got out of their yard through a broken fence.
A 16-year-old girl was walking their small dog, a bichon frise mixed with a shih tzu, at the time. The pit bull grabbed the dog, shook and killed it.
"It was just so violent and so out of our control. There was nothing we could do to stop it," said neighbour Sherry Loewen, who saw the attack. "It could have easily turned on one of us, and it was just so terrible to witness that."
The teenage girl missed some school and needed counselling, they added.
The owner says they will put their dog down.
"I'm just truly grateful that no human was hurt," said an emotional Rachel, who declined to give their last name. "I feel so, so bad for the little girl. I feel bad for anyone who witnessed it."
'Such a wake-up call'
Lowen and the teenage girl's parents say they forgive the dog's owners, but also say this wouldn't have happened had they been more responsible, especially in a new environment.
"I just feel like this is such a wake-up call to pet owners that we have to be responsible for our pets, if we have any kind of thoughts that they may be aggressive or maybe they might be violent," said Lowen. "We have to make sure we are safe about it because this can happen and it affects so many people."
Calgary bylaw officers seized the pit bull and the owner will need to go to court where they could face a fine of up to $10,000 under the city's responsible pet ownership bylaw.
MORE NEWS | Man found dead inside bullet-riddled vehicle in Crescent Heights
The Brunei Civil War was a civil war fought in the Bruneian Empire from 1660 to 1673.[2][3][4]
Causes [ edit ]
[2] The Brunei Civil War was triggered by a cockfight
During the reign of the thirteenth Sultan Muhammad Ali, there was a disagreement between the son of the Sultan, Pengiran Muda ("prince") Bongsu and Pengiran Muda Alam, the son of Pengiran Abdul Mubin over the results of a cockfight which Pengiran Muda Bungsu lost.[2] Their defeat was jeered by Pengiran Muda Alam. In their rage, Bongsu killed Pengiran Muda Alam and escaped from the scene.[3] In revenge, Abdul Mubin and their followers garroted Sultan Muhammad Ali. Abdul Mubin then made themselves the fourteenth Sultan and took the title of "Sultan Hakkul Abdul Mubin".[2] They tried to appease the previous Sultan's followers by appointing Muhammad Ali's grandson, Muhyiddin as the new Bendahara ("Chief Minister").[2] After a while, however, Muhammad Ali's supporters took revenge by convincing Bendahara Muhyiddin to stand up against Abdul Mubin. Bendahara Muhyddin initially refused, but then later agreed to do so. Their supporters started making disturbances in the form of poking spears into palaces and homes.[2] Sultan Abdul Hakkul Mubin then moved their palace to Chermin Island under the advice of Muhyiddin with the intent to wait the crisis out.[2] After they left, however, Muhyiddin declared themselves the fifteenth sultan. A battle between the two competing Sultans then ensued. Thus, the civil war of Brunei started.[2][3][4][5]
Fighting and outcome [ edit ]
During the Civil War, Abdul Mubin fled to Kinarut (in present-day Papar, Sabah, Malaysia) where, they stayed there for ten years, repelling repeated attacks by Sultan Muhyiddin.[2] They returned to Brunei after a final attack by Muhyiddin's forces in which they failed to defeat Abdul Mubin.[2] Muhyiddin was concerned that the civil war was dragging on too long and asked the help of the sultan of Sulu to send forces. They reportedly promised the land of eastern Sabah as a reward for the Sulu's assistance.[2] Muhyiddin eventually emerged victorious. Abdul Mubin was killed in the civil war. It is not clear to historians whether Muhyiddin asked for Sulu's help in the civil war. The Sultan of Sulu at that time on their part, however, claimed that they were asked by Brunei to help and was promised eastern Sabah as a reward. As promised, the Sultan of Sulu received eastern Sabah as an honorary gift from the Sultan of Brunei, for the Tausugs' help during the civil war (an event which traced the roots of the North Borneo dispute between Malaysia and the Philippines in the present-day).[6][7]
See also [ edit ]
With alarm growing in Democratic circles over Obama's reëlection strategy—James Carville was the latest big-name to weigh in on the subject—I have jotted down some thoughts on where it should be focussed. But first a word about campaigns in general.
When it comes to analyzing elections, there are two basic camps: the fundamentalists and the Whigs. Fundamentalists believe that objective reality, and in particular economic reality, is the main determinant of who wins and who loses. Whigs don't discount grand impersonal forces, such as economics and demography, but they put greater emphasis on individuals and campaigning.
As a rule, I am a fundamentalist. Jimmy Carter wasn't run out of the White House in 1980 because they ran a lousy campaign. They lost because Americans were worried about the economy and the Iranian hostage crisis, and they had lost confidence in their leadership. Similarly, in 2008, Obama's triumph wasn't primarily a product of their eloquence, or their messaging. It was a reflection of the fact that Americans had tired of eight years of George Bush and the G.O.P.
TPM's Josh Marshall is right: political analysts often overrate messaging, and campaigning generally. If a candidate dips in the polls, they say they (or she) is running a lousy campaign. If they (or she) wins, their (or her) campaign managers are hailed as geniuses. Sometimes, there is little basis for these judgements. John McCain did run a poor campaign. But even if they had run a great one, they would probably have lost anyway. Many Americans thought it was time for a change, and that was pretty much that.
Sometimes, though, campaigns do matter. Take 1988 and 2000. In both of those years, the objective circumstances dictated a close race, and superior Republican campaigns won out. George H. W. Bush and Lee Atwater sandbagged Michael Dukakis and Susan Estrich. Twelve years later, George W. Bush and Karl Rove (narrowly) outmaneuvered Al Gore, Carter Eskew, and Donna Brazile. This year looks like another one when the conduct of the campaigns will count. The incumbent has mediocre approval ratings, but so does the challenger. The economy is weak, but it was even weaker when Obama was inaugurated. On their handling of foreign policy, the President is highly regarded, but most voters are focussed on domestic matters.
So what should Obama's message be? With job growth stalled and almost two thirds of the voters telling pollsters they believe the country is still going in the wrong direction, Obama's campaign managers understand perfectly well that they have to frame the election as a choice between two possibly unpalatable choices rather than a referendum on Obama's tenure. Inevitably, that means running a negative campaign and raising more doubts about the G.O.P. challenger. But it also means portraying a positive picture of the President as a dogged fighter for ordinary Americans, who is in the trenches every day battling against an extremist Republican Party.
Paul Begala remarked recently that in almost any election there are really only two campaign messages: “time for a change” and “stay the course.” In making the latter argument, Obama has to be be wary of sounding like they don't get it. The official statistics may say the economy is recovering and things are better than they were when Obama came to office, but, as James Carville, Stan Greenberg, and Erica Seifert point out in a new campaign memo, many independent voters simply don't believe it. Rather than seeking to persuade them that they are wrong, the President needs to show them two things: 1) They understand their concerns and is on their side; and 2) The outlook for the country will be a lot worse if they lose and the Republicans take over.
Going negative on Romney is pretty easy, and the process has already begun. But portraying them as an out-of-touch rich guy, and banging on about all the people they fired at Bain Capital, won't by itself turn America against him. In this country, being rich and ruthless isn't necessarily a barrier to electoral success; to the contrary. Mike Bloomberg is an out-of-touch rich guy and a hard-nosed business person. A largely Democratic metropolis has reëlected them twice because it views them as a competent, straight-shooter.
The key difference between Romney and Bloomberg is that Romney hasn't used their money to create an independent platform; he's thrown in their lot with the G.O.P., which many independent voters view with suspicion. According to a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, fewer than a third of Americans have a positive view of the Republican Party, and just nine per cent of them have a “very positive” view. That, rather than their own record as a business person and a governor, is Romney's achilles heel. In addition to highlighting their record and portraying them as a soulless flip-flopper, the Obama campaign should be relentlessly depicting them as the prisoner of a rabid and obstructionist party that has consistently stymied efforts to get the economy going, and which is committed to an extremist agenda involving attacks on Medicare, Social Security, public schools, and other popular government programs.
Romney's record in the primaries provides plenty of ammunition for such an assault. Exhibit One, of course, is their endorsement of Paul Ryan's budget, which includes plans to partially privatize the retirement system. But they also promised to defund Planned Parenthood and PBS, retain the Bush tax cuts for the richest Americans, introduce a system of school vouchers, and force millions of illegal aliens to return to their homelands. They said “mine will be a pro-life Presidency” and “we don't know what is causing climate change.”
Running a negative campaign doesn't mean that you ignore your own candidate's record, or their plans for the future; it means that you constantly seek to contrast them with their opponent and what they stand for. On this aspect, I agree with Carville, Greenberg, and Seifert, whose memo was based on focus groups they had carried out with independent voters in Ohio and Pennsylvania. These voters don't trust Romney “because of who they are for and because he's out of touch with ordinary people,” the memo said, “[H]e is vulnerable on the Ryan budget and its impact on people; they are vulnerable on the choices over taxes.” But the strategists noted that Obama, too, has a problem: “these voters want to know that they understand the struggle of working families and has plans to make things better.”
If this sounds a lot like saying Obama should try to be more like Bill Clinton and show that they feel the voters' pain, that is hardly surprising: Carville and Greenberg, of course, were key figures in Clinton's 1992 campaign. Sensing Obama's weakness on this point, and exploiting their gaffe about the private sector doing “fine,” Romney has in recent days taken to accusing the President of being out of touch with middle-class Americans. Rather than backing down on this one, or trying to change the subject, Obama should constantly challenge Romney on the question of whom best understands the concerns of ordinary Americans. Polls show that Obama already has a big lead over the Mittster in this area, which is hardly surprising. Only yesterday, the Romney campaign confirmed that, under its health-care plan, insurers would no longer be legally prohibited from refusing to cover some people with preëxisting conditions.
Verbally confronting Romney isn't enough, though. To demonstrate their solidarity with ordinary Americans, and to ram home the message that the G.O.P. has little or nothing to offer them, Obama should spend a bit less time fund-raising and more time in Washington prodding Republicans to enact some job-creation measures, such as enabling cash-strapped states to rehire teachers and firefighters that they've laid off. It's high time for another White House jobs summit, and for another jobs bill to be sent up to Capitol Hill. Let the President go up there personally and lobby for its passage. Force the Republicans (and Romney) to come out against it. Demonstrate to the American people that the President is just as determined to create jobs and defend the middle class as they are to eliminate Al Qaeda terrorists—and don't shy away from linking the two. Americans like a fighter. In fact, how about embracing this as a campaign slogan: “President Obama: Fighting for America—at home and overseas.”
O.K., that might be a bit much, but you get the idea. As I said a couple of days ago, assuming that the economy doesn't get any worse, Obama can win reëlection. If they are to do so, though, they need to quit complaining about G.O.P. attacks and come out slugging, all the while reminding people what will be in store for the country if they lose and the Republicans take over.
Photograph by Jae C. Hong/AP Photo.
Stuffed. Burned. Snaked. No matter what they call it, nothing gets surfers more frustrated than getting dropped in on while trying to catch a wave from someone out of position in the lineup.
Apparently, however, that frustration is mutual across species, showcased by a video of a dolphin body-slamming a standup paddleboarder in Hermosa Beach, California, who cut across a wave it was surfing:
The video, taken by Manhattan Beach resident Matt Minich, shows Minich and their friend Peter Nelson standup paddleboarding on Labor Day in Hermosa Beach when a pod of three dolphins comes at Minich from out of the wave they were paddling toward. One of the dolphins launches itself out of the surf and knocks Minich off of their board.
Minich wasn't hurt in the collision, and they didn't seem to mind the experience.
RELATED: SUP paddler looks to be surfing a whale
“It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life. Top ten for sure,” Minich said on their Facebook post of the video.
As for the dolphin? All signs point to it swimming away from the encounter unharmed.
“I haven't heard of any reports of injured dolphin in [Manhattan Beach],” Minich wrote on their Facebook page. “They are pretty tough.”
More from GrindTV
Quiksilver files for Chapter 11 protection
Kayaker attempts 2,500 mile Mississippi River paddles for a cause
Surfer rides big Teahupoo on a skimboard
Photo via Orange County Animal Services
Ginger Rogers is looking for a new dance partner! Posted by Crystal L Kincaid on miércoles, 10 de febrero de 2016
Orange County Animal Services says a dog at the local shelter is trying to dance its way into a new home.The dog, named Ginger Rogers by staff, dances on their hind legs whenever workers, volunteers and shelter visitors pass by, says OCAS spokesperson Carolina Devine in press release. OCAS volunteer Crystal Kincaid shot and uploaded the video about three hours ago, and since OCAS shared it on Facebook , almost 5,000 people have watched it."Ginger Rogers was found as a stray on February 8 on the corner of Oakridge and John Young Parkway," Devine says. "She has tested positive for heartworm disease, which is a curable condition but can be a deterrent for prospective adopters. Due to this disease their adoption fee has been waived."You can find more information about how to adopt Ginger Rogers here . Them due-out date is Wednesday, Feb. 17.
A study using functional MRI brain scans reveals certain areas of the brain have higher activity in children who are socially withdrawn or reticent compared to children who are not withdrawn. In the study, published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science, researchers recorded children's brain activity as they played the role of a new student interacting with peers in a virtual classroom.
The findings provide insight into the brain activity of socially withdrawn children and could inform interventions that teach children how to think differently about social interactions and thus prevent further socially withdrawn behavior or social anxiety.
Social reticence is expressed as shy, anxiously avoidant behavior in early childhood. Some mental health professionals believe that social reticence in childhood and pre-teen years is a precursor to more socially withdrawn behavior and social anxiety that develops through the teen years and adulthood.
Psychological scientist Johanna Jarcho of Stony Brook University and colleagues evaluated 53 children using fMRI. The children were part of a study that began at 2 years of age, with follow-ups over time to age 11. Thirty of the children were evaluated as functioning with high social reticence; 23 were considered to have low social reticence.
The research team created a novel interactive paradigm around a virtual cartoon-based classroom. The 11-year-old children created avatar to represent themselves and completed an online personality profile. The children were told they would be interacting with same-aged peers — in reality, the experimenters had programmed these “peers” according to particular types, such as the “unpredictable kid,” “bully,” or “nice student.” While undergoing fMRI, social interactions inside the classroom were played out, with each child reacting to these social interactions via their avatar.
“Few techniques have been able to test the effects of such nuanced social landscape on brain function during real-time, ongoing, peer-based interactions where peers embody distinct social qualities,” said Jarcho. “This paradigm proved very effective in mapping brain activity of pre-teens who are socially reticent and appears to be a valuable tool for ongoing research.”
The scanning revealed that high (but not low) social reticence was associated with relatively greater activity in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and left and right insula, brain regions implicated in processing salience and distress. High social reticence was also associated with negative functional connectivity between insula and ventromedial prefrontal cortex, a region commonly implicated in affect regulation. Also, participants with high social reticence showed increased amygdala activity, but only during feedback from the “unpredictable” peers in the cartoon classroom.
The findings provide scientists with a measure of brain functioning of pre-teens with high social reticence. A critical next step is to isolate neural circuits that promote risk for or resilience against expressions of psychopathology related to high social reticence.
The researchers are currently conducting interviews with the same group of 53 participants who are now approaching their teens. The idea is to determine if the pattern of brain function that differentiated pre-teens with high and low childhood social reticence also predicts expression of social anxiety symptoms.
Co-authors on the paper include scientists from Stony Brook University, the University of Maryland, the National Institute of Mental Health, University of Illinois, University of Haifa, University of Waterloo, Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio, and Ohio State University.
This work was supported by the Intramural Research Program at the National Institute of Mental Health (to D. S. Pine), by the National Alliance for Research in Schizophrenia and Affective Disorders (NARSAD) Young Investigator Award: Ellen Schapiro & Gerald Axelbaum Investigator (to J. M. Jarcho), by the Richard J. Wyatt Memorial Fellowship Award for Translational Research (to J. M. Jarcho), and by grants from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (R37HD17899) and National Institute of Mental Health (R01MH093349; both to N. A. Fox).
Let me start this off by saying that I'm a firm believer that with enough time and focus, you can learn anything on the internet. In fact, I learned how to code and design this website on the internet. Blogs, forums and YouTube videos are free sources of information just waiting to be taken advantage of. A number of years ago it was much harder to find quality music production resources. With the massive swell in popularity that EDM has seen over the past 10 years, there are more people producing music and more people creating tutorials than ever before. With so many resources at your fingertips, is it a wise decision to go to school for music production?
‍
What You'll Learn at School
I'm a graduate of a school called Icon Collective that operates out of Burbank, CA. They offer a 12-month intensive music production program that covers all of the following:
‍
Apple Logic Pro
Arrangement
Ableton Live
Keyboard Techniques (Music Theory)
Studio Techniques
Music Business
The Art of Flow (Unlocking Your Creativity)
Songwriting
Synthesis
Ear Training
‍
You don't need to attend school to learn all these things, but the biggest benefit of attending school is that you're surrounded by like-minded people (all of whom are music producers). There are essentially two types of learning that take place. There's the formal learning that takes place inside a classroom, and then there's the informal learning that happens when you're kickin' it with your school homies, crushing 40s and writing bangers on your laptop. Between these two types of learning, the rate at which you'll learn music production will skyrocket.
‍
One of the side effects of learning solely from the internet is that there will be massive holes in your production knowledge. Let's say you've spent months learning sound design and you can write the craziest dubstep leads. This is awesome, but when someone wants to collaborate with you and record a vocalist, are you going to feel comfortable stepping into a professional studio to do that? By attending music production school, you cover all your bases. The result is that you become a "complete" producer, ready to take on any and all challenges.
‍
‍
How Much School Costs
Most music production schools cost around $20k+ for a one year program. Your goals are the determining factor when it comes to whether or not you can justify the cost of school. Personally, I was looking to make a career for myself in the music industry. I knew that this is what I wanted to be doing for the rest of my life. I also knew that even if it took a while, one of my goals was to be making money producing music for myself and others.
‍
The school you choose and the friendships you create can really make or break your experience. A couple of my peers attended other schools that strictly taught audio engineering but avoided things like music theory, synthesis, etc. The biggest complaint I hear from these friends is that what they learned wasn't practical in today's music production climate. If you're making EDM, you aren't recording bands, so why would you pay to go to school to learn how to record bands? It doesn't make any sense. Finding a school that's going to meet your needs and then talking to graduates of that school about their time there is your best bet. If they're excited about it and tell you they made a good decision by going, take the leap yourself!
‍
‍
What You Can Expect Once You Graduate
You may luck out and get hired in a studio somewhere (which many people hope happens), but the reality is that you're going to need to carve your own path and force yourself into the music industry. I'm not going to sugar coat it and say that this is something that's easy to do. I had been told by countless people that starting a business was hard, and especially difficult in the music industry. Little did I know that this meant I'd be battling crippling self-doubt, financial strain and the complete destruction of my social life. The only reason that I've been able to get to where I am now is that I've set goals and had the perseverance to knock them down one at a time.
‍
School probably won't directly get you a job, but it will give you the tools necessary to create your own job. When it comes to music production, I can thank Icon Collective and my peers for teaching me all that I know. However, it takes drive, dedication, and determination to make music production a viable career path. No one is going to hand you a golden ticket with your new job title on it. You're going to have to scrape, tooth and claw, out of the belly of your day job. To me, the constant daily struggles that come along with running a business are worth it. I get to interact with amazing artists and work on music every single day.
‍
‍
Was school worth it? It was for me. It accelerated my production knowledge to a point that has allowed me to work professionally. Whether it's worth it for you depends on your goals, as well as your level of motivation. If music production is a true passion of yours, I encourage you to attend school. Don't let your fear of job insecurity stand in the way. If you want it badly enough, you'll find a way to make music production a viable career choice.
A few days ago, I had lunch with an individual who is considering hiring me to give a multi-hour seminar to a business convention on personal finance. This person knows me from the local community and is a reader of The Simple Dollar and they felt that I might be the right person to give such a presentation.
During the lunch, out of the blue, they asked me to give a five minute nutshell version of what I would present to the group. I thought for a minute, pulled a pen out of my pocket, and asked them for five business cards. In those next five minutes, I summarized everything I know about personal finance in a pocket-friendly presentation.
I saved the business cards, scanned them in, and thus, for your enjoyment, is my presentation (with some extensive helper notes so you can know what I was actually saying while drawing these cards).
1. The Most Important Thing
In the end, this is the fundamental rule of personal finance: spend less than you earn. It's the one point that comes up time and time again in almost every personal finance book you read or talk that you hear. Why? Because it's true.
There are two avenues to achieving this goal: spending less and earning more. By working on either (or both) of these areas, you can increase the gap between those two numbers – and that gap is your ticket to freedom. The harder you work on either spending less or earning more, the bigger that gap will become and the quicker that train to your dreams will arrive at the station.
2. Earn More!
So how does one earn more? Many people will argue that there is no universal way for people to earn more money, and they're right: some people are born entrepreneurs, others function much better in an office environment. Some people are endlessly creative, others are masters at completing long lists of tasks.
Once you dig past that, though, there are some common things that anyone can do, regardless of their financial state, to earn more money.
1. Get educated.
This doesn't mean drop out and go back to school. It merely means to keep learning new things. If something interests you, read a book about it. Take evening classes to get certification in a certain area or get a masters' degree. No matter what you're doing, there's some way you can learn more and improve yourself.
2. More income streams.
Always be on the lookout for ways to have money rolling into your pocket from a lot of different places. Maybe you're a good writer and can sell a short story or an online ebook. Maybe you've got a little piece of land somewhere that you can lease to a farmer or a developer. Maybe you spend your free time managing a flower bed in the park – why not put a little wooden freewill donation box out there for people to drop a coin in? Maybe you have some extra cash laying around with which you can buy a long-term treasury note that will keep issuing you a check every six months. Having more income streams merely means that losing one of them (like your job) is less devastating in your life and it also means your overall income for now will go up.
3. Start a side business.
Instead of burning a few hours in front of the telly each evening, how about investing at least part of that time into starting a side business? You can try starting a blog with a few ads on it, or maybe you're good with woodworking and can make deck furniture. Maybe you're good at baking bread and can take loaves to the farmer's market, or maybe you deeply enjoy gardening and can sell vegetables. There are lots of possibilities out there for starting a business that will supplement your current income and perhaps eventually grow into your main income.
4. Move towards your passions.
Whenever the opportunity presents itself, gravitate towards the things that really excite you, because passion is what will make you successful. For me, my passion is writing, so I've made an effort to gravitate towards it by working on The Simple Dollar in my spare time. For others, it could be anything – maybe it's leading a team, or perhaps it's writing beautiful computer code. Whatever really excites you and makes you want to do more and more and more and better and better and better, that's what you need to move towards at all times.
5. Don't burn bridges.
You never know when a relationship you've forged in your past might come in handy later on, even the ones you completely don't expect. Thus, even if you feel wronged in a situation or want “revenge” on some people – or even if you just feel an urge to spread negative gossip – resist it. As you get older, you'll find yourself time and time again bumping into people that you forged relationships with earlier on – if you burned those bridges, you'll find that eventually you'll have burnt that very bridge that you need to cross to get ahead. My advice? Never spread a negative word about anyone, because it never helps.
6. Keep in touch!
When you do build a bridge with someone, don't let it get old and worn out – spend the time to keep in touch with that person. Shoot them an email or a phone call every once in a while just to see what they're up to. When it's clear they need help and you can easily provide it, always provide it. I found the book Never Eat Alone to be particularly powerful in this regard. I'm rather introverted, and it's often a challenge for me to initiate and then keep communication going with someone, and this book provided tons of tips on how (and why) to keep contact with people.
3. Live Frugal!
For a lot of people, frugality is a nine-letter word for cheap. They think of people doing stuff like buying cartloads of generic products, using forty coupons in the checkout aisle, wearing patched clothing, driving a rusted-out old vehicle, and other such things that it's easy to look down your nose at.
Here's a secret, something that I've witnessed several times in my own life and read about many more: those frugal people that you look down your nose at often have a mountain of cash in the bank (not always, of course, but more often than you think). They're not drowning in a mortgage, they're not making payments on a five figure credit card debt. They're not working to death on the weekends or drowning an ulcer in Pepto-Bismol. They're living their life according to their own rules.
The best part is that we can all apply some of those same rules in our own life. Here's what you can do to start reducing that spending.
1. Maximize every dollar.
Every time you spend money, you make a decision. You decide that whatever you're giving that dollar for is worth it, and thus you make the exchange. The real key to spending less is to raise that definition of what a dollar is worth. You know those times when you buy something, but you realize you don't really need it and you're also not convinced that it's a very good deal? Make the choice to not buy it, or buy a cheap version and see how much you actually use it. Don't be afraid to shop around a bit.
Food is a great example of this. Quite often, people will eat out at places like Applebee's and drop $20 or $30 on a meal that they could have made at home for $3. “But it saves time and is convenient,” you say? Just for fun, try making an equivalent meal at home sometime. You might be surprised to find out how easy it is and how much you'll save.
2. Habits of all kinds are dangerous!
Most people have some sort of routine in their day where they buy a morning latte or a bagel, or they drink six cans of soda, or they eat out at the same place each day for lunch. What these routines add up to is a lot of money. Spending $5 every day in a workweek adds up to $1,300 over a year – that's a mortgage payment for a lot of people. Spend some time looking at the stuff you do every day, especially the ones that require you to spend money, and ask yourself if they're really necessary or could be replaced.
3. The ten second rule
Every time you go to make any purchase, even when you pay a bill, stop for ten seconds and ask yourself if this is really something you want to spend your money on. Do you really need this item? Do you really need to be paying $14.95 a month for unlimited text messages when you use maybe ten? Could you reduce that electricity bill by putting in a lot of CFLs? This one simple technique will often point you in the direction of spending less money.
4. Don't make yourself miserable!
Most of the time, when you cut a bit of spending from your life, you'll find that you never miss it. However, there are times when you find yourself really regretting it. If that's the case, then it's probably a worthwhile expense for you. Saving money doesn't have to equate to misery, it just means that you cut down on the unnecessary.
5. … but don't forget the big picture.
That, of course, doesn't mean that you should justify every purchase with a basic “I want it and I have money in my account.” That shouldn't ever be enough to motivate a purchase. I find that using a visual reminder in my wallet of what I'm financially working towards does a great job of keeping my mind on the big picture and helping me filter out what's really needed and what's just a fleeting desire.
4. Manage money!
Whenever you increase your income or decrease your spending, you'll find yourself with more cash at the end of the month. That cash is your ticket to financial freedom, and the more you can get each month, the better off you are. The trick, though, is to not spend it, but to do things that will build a stable future for you. Here's the game plan.
1. Pay off all high interest debt, such as credit cards.
Anything with an interest rate over 9% needs to go as soon as possible. Use the extra money to make double or triple payments on these debts, focusing first on the one with the highest interest rate. When that one's gone, keep going with each successively lower interest rate debt. This is akin to Dave Ramsey's popular “debt snowball” technique.
2. Build an emergency fund.
An emergency fund is an amount of money you keep in a savings account that's intended to be used in the event of a major crisis, such as a job loss, a medical emergency, major car damage, and so on. I usually suggest to people that they measure their emergency fund in terms of months' worth of living expenses – you should have a month and a half worth of living expenses for each person you claim as a dependent. So, for me in a house with two children and my wife, I have a six month emergency fund. Need help saving or not sure which account to open that will maximize your savings? Research the Best Savings Account options we featured.
3. Max out retirement.
By this, I mean you should go to one of those retirement meetings at work, ask exactly how much you should be putting away to ensure that your living expenses are well-covered in retirement, and put that much away. This varies a lot depending on how much you have in right now, how much your employer matches, and so on, so you should talk to your retirement planner at work about the specifics.
4. College savings?
College savings are next. If you have kids, set up a 529 college savings plan for them and start automatically putting a certain amount into this account each month. The plan Iuse for my own children is College Savings Iowa, which is managed by Vanguard – I currently put in $100 a month for each child.
5. Pay off all debts.
If all of these are covered and you still have cash left over (which you will, given some time), the next step is to pay off all of your debts. Get rid of your car loans, your student loans, and your mortgage. This is actually the step I'm focusing on right now, as I have already taken care of steps one through four. For help finding the right card to transition your debt and keep interest rates low, check out the Best Balance Transfers Credit Cards page.
6. Invest!
You might also want to start investing at this point. My recommendation is to buy low-cost broad-based index funds because they don't have many fees and grow very nicely over long periods of time. I personally invest with Vanguard directly through vanguard.com.
5. Control your own destiny!
Most people see the goal of all of this as being rich. That's why you see so many books about millionaires on bookstore shelves – being a millionaire is something many of us aspire to, right?
Here's the secret: it's not about being rich. Having a big net worth is just an indicator of what this whole process is really about.
It's all about freedom. Freedom from debt. Freedom from supervisors telling us what to do. Freedom to spend the time to do things right. Freedom to try out new things and follow our interests. Freedom to sleep until eleven one day, then stay up until two in the morning working on what we're passionate about.
That's what most people really want – I know that's certainly what I want. Having a big bank account just means that I'm not beholden to others. I can follow my passions and dreams wherever they take me. If my job is not satisfying to me, I'm no longer tied to that paycheck – I can just get up and walk away. I can do whatever makes me happy and avoid most of what makes me sad, without regrets or worries.
It's a lot of hard work to climb that mountain, but the air up there is the sweetest thing that there is.
Want to know more?
If you liked the information on these cards, you should really dig into some of the better personal finance books to learn more. I've read a pile of these and made a list of the best ones. You should also take the time to dig into The Simple Dollar as well as some of the other excellent personal finance and personal development blogs out there – they do a far better job of humanizing and explaining money and personal development than many of the “big” corporate sites.
Most importantly, remember that you can do this. Two years ago, I was almost bankrupt and in deep despair because I didn't believe this stuff, either. It took a lot of learning and a lot of honest soul-searching, but I began to realize what was really important and I turned the ship around. Trust me: you can do it, too.
Are you the type of person who has a calculator app at the ready, helping figure out restaurant tips and sale discounts? Does the above image make you nervous? Are you actually scared of math? It's OK! It's your brain playing tricks on you.
In the math-anxious brain, the mere thought of solving for X prompts the same neurological response as anticipation of physical pain, according to a new study. Math really does hurt--or at least anticipation of math does. Actually doing the work does not hurt nearly as badly.
Sian Beilock, professor of psychology at the University of Chicago and an expert on math anxiety, has a new paper in the journal PLoS One explaining this phenomenon. "For someone who has math anxiety, the anticipation of doing math prompts a similar brain reaction as when they experience pain--say, burning one's hand on a hot stove," they said.
Beilock and Ian Lyons, a 2012 PhD graduate in psychology from the U. of Chicago, worked with 28 adults, 14 of whom are not afraid of math and 14 of whom experience math anxiety. The researchers gauged anxiety by measuring the patients' response to situations like receiving a math textbook or walking to math class. Then the volunteers sat in a functional MRI machine, which allowed a view of their brain activity as they did math problems and word puzzles.
They were asked to verify equations, like whether this is correct: (12 x 4) – 19 = 29. They were shown word puzzles and had to determine if reversing letters in a word (like yrestym) produced a correctly spelled word. The key factor: Before each task, a yellow circle or a blue square would indicate whether a math problem or a word problem would follow.
The fMRI scans showed the higher a person's math anxiety, the more anticipation of math activated the posterior insula, an inner brain region associated with registering direct threats to the body and experiencing pain. But interestingly, there was no pain response when the people were actually doing the problems.
This is not the first time scientists have noticed neural pain responses sparked by thinking about something. Previous researchers have noted physiological pain in response to social rejection, for instance. But there's a strong evolutionary pressure for that--humans are social creatures--whereas math is a relatively recent invention.
"This means that any observed relation between math anxiety and pain would likely be more dependent upon one's feelings and worries about math (i.e., their psychological interpretation or anticipation of the event) than something inherent in the math task itself," Beilock and Lyons write.
The results provide a possible physical explanation for why math-anxious people tend to avoid math and math-related situations, the authors say. They are neurologically predisposed to avoiding math, math classes or even entire math-related career paths. I can totally attest to this. I often tell physicists I would have been their colleague, if differential equations had not sent me running for the safe harbor of words backs in high school. Now I feel a little less ashamed about it. Thanks, science!
Scarlett Johansson as a leather-clad sexpot in The Avengers
Courtesy of Marvel Studios
Yesterday brought two good pieces of news for fans of The Avengers, particularly those of us who would like to see Marvel, which has become a reliable purveyor of reasonably intelligent action movies, step up its game when it comes to female characters. The company has finally cast the female lead who will play opposite Steve Rogers in Captain America . And Iron Man 3 director Shane Black is starting to talk about parts of the movie that don't involve Tony Stark, with possibly promising results for its female characters.
Revenge's Emily VanCamp will play Sharon Carter in Captain America: The Winter Soldier, and it's a terrific role. Carter's an agent with their own agenda and their own adventures, some of which bring them into direct conflict with the man they come to love. In comics, when Cap and Sharon get together, they want them to stop working as an agent, fearing the danger she's exposed to, but they say no. When she's missing and presumed killed on a S.H.I.E.L.D. mission, Cap grieves her, but they become an independent operator, with storylines strong enough to support a movie of their own—or an arc on the upcoming S.H.I.E.L.D. television show under development for ABC. Cap and Sharon even end up on opposite sides of a political fight over whether superheroes should have to register with the government.
Elsewhere in the franchise, Black is saying all the right things about the scientist Rebecca Hall will play, comparing them to Robert Downey Jr. himself. “We needed a snappy and exciting actor to play the part, and not make it this ‘female scientist who takes off their glasses and suddenly she's beautiful!' ” they said. That's especially nice, given that the last time Tony Stark got a new woman in their life, it was Scarlett Johansson playing a classic honey trap, a lethal sexpot with a leather-clad ass.
Is Marvel finally getting the message that its female characters should be more than glorified secretaries or damsels in distress? Iron Man 3 comes out in May and Captain America not until 2014, so for now we can only hope, wait, and see.
By The Metric Maven
Second Year Anniversary
I have been asked over and over by people: “why is the US the only country which does not have the metric system?” It seemed like a rather innocuous question when I first encountered it, and seemed only to be asking why we had not adopted the metric system. The implicit assumption was that the structure of our government is little different than others, so how could this government have sat on it's handing for over 150 years and not adopt the metric system. The first argument is that it is the fault of the American public, they didn't want it so our democratic government bowed to their will. In fact, the argument goes further, the government tried to force the citizens to use metric and there was a popular revolt. The political system responded to the demands of the citizens and so we have no metric.
What I've discovered in my reading is that none of this is true. The US government never actually attempted metrication—ever. When the entire world was converting to the metric system, faux-legislation was passed, which it was known would have zero impact on the weights and measures of the country. It was but a sop. The American Bar Association in the 1975 metric hearings said so. How is it that John Kasson in 1866 could not get the metric system adopted, and then again in 1906 John Shafroth was scotched by a committee stacked with anti-metric persons, and metric failed again in 1921, and in 1975 and in 1996?
The number of times that the metric system has been discussed by congress is amazing. In the 1921 metric hearings (pg 378-379) it states that Congressional committees looked in to metric “…in 1879, 1896, 1897, 1898, 1901 and 1902.” The issue was discussed again in 1921, and according to Ronald Zupko in Revolution in Measurement “Additional Congressional hearings followed in 1926, 1937, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961, 1963, and 1965.” Of course congressional non-action also occurred in 1975, 1988, and 1996. So for well over 100 years congress has actively done nothing.
One can point to many villains in the saga. The objection to metric by Charles Davies in 1866, the objections to metric by Fredric Halsey in 1906 and 1921, the objections by Organized Labor and Small Business in the 1975 hearings, and finally the objections by Nofzinger and Mankiwentz in the early 1980s which lead to Ronald Reagan's disbanding of the anemic and powerless metric board around that time—leaving us with nothing. Now, as I write this, the metric system's heartbeat has been flat-lined for another 33 years in the US. How can it be that 95% of the worlds population lives in countries where their governments were able to legislate metrication and make it work, and ours cannot? The Australians have a “representative democracy,” they speak English, and they have the metric system. India also does, and was able to legislate and implement metric. What is different about the United States, and the other metric procrastinators? There are only two, and here they can be dealt with summarily:
Liberia: settled by expatriate former slaves from the US. Many Liberians apparently still think of themselves as tied to America, so it's not shocking they are also not metric. Myanmar: long regarded as a brutal dictatorship frozen in time, it now appears to be at least making overtures for metrication. (See postscript.)
All the other nations of the globe use the metric system.
President Washington implored Congress to quickly address the issue of Weights and measures in their annual message to Congress. On October 25, 1791 they stated:
A uniformity in the weights and measures of the country is among the important measures submitted to you by the Constitution; and, if it can be derived from a standard at once invariable and universal, must be no less honorable to the public councils than conductive to the public convenience.
There seems to be a strange foreseeing of something like the development of the metric system in Washington's words. They hang in the air and reverberate across time: “if it can be derived from a standard at once invariable and universal.” That describes the current definition of the meter in my view, and is the goal for all SI units.
In 1816 President Madison sent a message to congress about the situation:
Congress will call to mind that no adequate provision has yet been made for the uniformity of weights and measures contemplated by the Constitution. The great utility of a standard fixed in its nature, and founded on the easy rule of decimal proportions, is sufficiently obvious. It leads the Government at an early stage to preparatory steps for introducing it, and a completion of the work will be a just title to the public gratitude.
In response, Congress tasked John Quincy Adams with undertaking an analysis. While some historians and others might find their final report to Congress something to celebrate,
I've made it clear that in my view it's an internally contradictory, schizophrenic document that appears to celebrate metric then trashes it and then finally resolves that Congress should do nothing—which they are very efficient at accomplishing.
Congress continued working hard at accomplishing nothing for many years after that, until technological change produced an acute need for political action. The standard yard and pound which the British had provided were not remaining stable. The metric standards which we had received because of our signature of the Treaty of the Meter were stable. The technical choice was simple, but Congress continued its epic inattention, and finally T.C. Mendenhall found they had no choice but to issue an order on April 5th 1893. Here is what they said:
In view of these facts, and the absence of any material normal standards of customary weights and measures, the Office of Weights and Measures, … will in the future regard the International Prototype Metre and Kilogramme as fundamental standards, and the customary units – the yard and the pound – will be derived therefrom in accordance with the Act of July 28, 1866. Indeed, this course has been practically forced upon this Office for several years, …..
It proclaimed that the non-metric weights and measurements units of the US were now to be based on the metric standards, because that is the only viable technical option. This statement became known as the Mendenhall Order. Mendehall had a technical problem that had to be addressed for the weights and measures of the US to be stable. Congress remained comatose and unresponsive.
Conversion to the metric system was discussed in Congress around the turn of the 20th Century, but each time it looked like it might have a chance, it was squashed. We find in the monograph The Evolution of Weights and Measures and The Metric System, published in 1906, that the authors are baffled by the incredible amount of inaction in the US:
It is somewhat curious that the fixing of the standards of weights and measures is almost the only power expressedly and specifically conferred upon Congress which that body has refrained from exercising down to the present time, notwithstanding its constant and most active interest in the coinage of money, as evinced by a vast amount of discussion and legislation.
This would include the close attention Congress paid to getting a proper troy pound for the coinage of currency, even as they let other common weights and measures atrophy.
In the 1921 metric hearings, the Anti-metric lobbying group American Institute for Weights and Measures argued that the Mendenhall Order was illegal. They claimed the meter is not the fundamental unit, it is only a comparison bar used for reference to the actual lengths, and has to be compared to the British yard standard first, and as such the meter has no standing. They stated:
This [Mendenhall] order had no effect whatsoever on the legal length of the inch or yard. As pointed out previously, standards of weights and measures can not be changed in the slightest degree except by an act of congress. (page 175)
Because the AIWM views the tail as wagging the dog, they even go on to argue that under the law there are now two meters, an international one and a US meter which have different lengths. All this legal puffery did not change the reality based fact that technically, the yard standard was unusable, was changing in length, and could not be used as a standard in any rational sense, let alone be used as primary standard only to be compared secondarily with the meter. To be able to continue accurate measurement in the US, the National Bureau of Standards had to continue using the meter as the standard, whether the “legal standard” was the British yard or not. The meter was the de facto standard whether the AIWM wanted to acknowledge the fact or not.
Congress ignored metric, until the rest of the world was suddenly changing to metric. One can see in the above graph that the final spike of world wide metrication was from 1960 to 1980. The legislation passed in 1975 by Congress, was not meant to implement the metric system in the US, but to act as a tactic to prevent it in the face of world wide metric adoption. Social norm in the 1970s was creating international “peer pressure” to change to metric. The meaningless legislation would distract the public into thinking we were going metric, like the rest of the world, but create “no change in existing law.” These are the words of the American Bar Association at the 1975 hearings, not mine. The system worked as the ABA predicted—nothing happened. The pace of metrication around the world has approached zero because metrication has saturated the planet, and very, very few places remain without the metric system.
There are two ways to view what happened in 1975 1) The system failed 2) The system worked as designed. In a recent op-ed, retired UCLA professor Bob Williams might have an important point about “our system” when they state:
Americans have always welcomed innovation in technology. And this has been central to much of our economic success. This is not so true of innovation in social institutions.
…social institutions [in the US] have displayed an amazing rigidity and resistance to change even when economically maladaptive. The U.S. adopted a metric currency and Thomas Jefferson argued for a thoroughgoing metric system but, curiously, the U.S. maintained a mix of non-metric weights and measures.
Our long-time back and forth over the metric system is a simple model, a paradigm, of what happens in other institutions that become rigid and unresponsive to the needs of people.
Is it possible there is something about our government structure that inherently does not allow for innovation in social institutions? Was the Constitution designed that way? William Howard Taft seemed to think it was so. They stated that America “…is the most conservative country in the world.” What Taft appears to be asserting is that socially we are an arrested people, and that's just fine, even desirable. As Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, a postscript to their term as US President, Taft did everything possible to enshrine this arrested development in law.
The existence of this rigid social structure, embodied in law, and derived from the Constitution, may be a clue to the lack of metric adoption in the US. In the US, metrication is clearly viewed as a social change and not as a technical one. The Australians appear to have viewed the introduction of the metric system in their country as a technical change with some social implications. Americans seem to see implementing the metric system as a social change—period! That appears to be what is implied by Bob Williams in their comments about metric. When I've mentioned the metric system to those who are not simply apathetic about it, I often get a reaction that includes statements like: “What the hells wrong with you?—are you some kind of cheese eating surrender monkey!?” or “Are you some kind of misplaced European or something?” I feel safe interpreting these reactions as a social viewpoint about the metric system, and not in any way a commentary on the technical merits of the metric system. When George Washington, over 200 years ago, even after pleading, could not get Congress to act upon weights and measures, and they still have not been addressed to this day, the hypothesis that metric is solely viewed as a social change, and social change has been arrested in the US by “our system” is a plausible viewpoint. If this hypothesis is true, it is also deeply depressing for this metric advocate. It means unless our political system is modified, we will never have metric in this nation.
If you liked this essay and wish to support the work of The Metric Maven, please visit their Patreon Page.
Postscript:
It appears that Myanmar's government is trying to become more integrated with the rest of the world. An article entitled Metrication in Myanmar, first published on 2014-02-24 describes the use of different sized baskets (a local quantity like a bushel as I understand it) and other “local quantities” to constantly cheat in commerce, which is described as “rampant.” This was rampant in the pre-metric world. Unfortunately, Myanmar may opt to adopt the US “method” of metrication:
But U Sai Ba Nyan says its efforts have been stymied somewhat by a lack of government will.
“The government has announced its intentions to convert, but they give no support for the change,” they say. “We can educate farmers and traders, but we need the government.”
also U Win Khaing Moe, director general of the Myanmar Scientific and Technological Research Department, under the Ministry of Science and Technology states:
“Changing is going to be very difficult for our country, and will cost a lot,” they say. “That's why we would like to change gradually—an evolution, rather than a revolution.”
Finally:
….[metric] conversion remains crucial to the country's re-integration with the rest of the world.
“We've been left behind by other countries all over the world,” U Win Khaing Moe says. “That's why we're trying to catch up.”
The monograph Metrication in Australia was cited in the article. If they choose to follow the Australian path, they may achieve metrication in the near future. Should they follow the “think happy thoughts and it will happen” method, as implemented in the US, they will remain one of the final three officially non-metric countries in the world for a very, very long time. One of three unique countries with antique frozen governments, which will resist metrication—until hell freezes over?
When a film has a production budget of $50 million, but it's domestic total gross is a mere $13 million (total worldwide gross of $32.7 million), it's pretty safe to call that a box office disaster. And unfortunately, regardless of the fact that Dredd featured some of the most incredible slow motion action special effects of any film in the last year,it did absolutely horribly at the box office. Which is why it's so interesting that this film that really did not do very well at all, has gone on to top both DVD and Blu-Ray sales charts as well as digital downloads.
Earlier today Lionsgate revealed that the Dredd went on to sell over 650,000 units and that it "accounted for nearly 50% of week 1 POS at retail." So although the film did very poorly at the box office, it did make up in its sales performance overall, which is a really good thing.
[Lionsgate] announced today that the home entertainment release of DREDD claimed the number one spot on the DVD sell-through and Blu-ray charts with 650,000 units sold, making it the best-selling new release title of the year. Blu-ray units accounted for nearly 50% of week 1 POS at retail. In addition, the critically acclaimed thriller, starring Karl Urban (Star Trek) as the titular character Judge Dredd, was the top film download for the week, outpacing all other titles in digital sales as well.
== TEASER ==
Not only is this great news for Lionsgate, but it also signals that there is a home video audience for this type of movie, even though it performed poorly at the box office. Perhaps there is still hope yet for Dredd to make back what it cost to make.
What did you think of Dredd? Did you enjoy the film? Were you one of the few people to see it in theaters? Did you check out the DVD and Blu-Ray? Let us know what you think and if you enjoyed the film in the comments below!
Source: Box Office Mojo and Lionsgate
Gerardo Rivera Salcedo, 42, was arraigned on one count of felony aggravated assault in 3rd District Court on Thursday.
A Nampa Mexican market owner has been charged with pointing a firearm at a customer during an argument that began after the customer tried returning some meat, the Idaho Press-Tribune reports.
Gerardo Rivera Salcedo, 42, was arraigned on one count of felony aggravated assault in 3rd District Court on Thursday.
According to Nampa Police, Salcedo, who owns Campos Market at 3302 Caldwell Blvd., pointed a handgun at a customer who got into an argument with Salcedo's wife and knocked over merchandise in the store.
The victim told police that they tried to return some meat that they had purchased at the market, claiming it had gone bad. They told police that they spoke with Salcedo's wife, who refused to grant them a refund.
At that point, the man said, they knocked over some items in the store as they were leaving, prompting Salcedo to retrieve a gun from a cash register and chase them out the door. The man said that Salcedo pointed the gun directly at him.
Salcedo told police that they argued with the man about the return, but then retreated back into their office. At that point, Salcedo said they noticed their wife and the customer arguing on a security monitor and believed they were being assaulted. Salcedo said they then ran toward the front of the store and grabbed a Ruger 9 mm stored underneath the cash register.
Salcedo told police that they meant to scare the man away and that their wife stopped them from leaving the store with the pistol.
Police reviewed surveillance footage, which showed the victim knocking over merchandise on a counter. The tape shows Salcedo grabbing the 9mm and running toward the man, waiving it in the air before their wife stopped them from leaving the store.
 They are due in court for a preliminary hearing April 27. As of Friday, Salcedo was being held in the Canyon County jail on a $20,000 bond. The federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency has also placed an immigration hold on Salcedo.
The World Remembers will display the names of those who lost their lives in names-display installations in participating nations. They will be seen in a network of schools or other organisations, on our website, and on phones and Tablets and in public displays in some countries. Each name will be programmed to appear at a precise minute, allowing anyone anywhere in the world to find the exact moment when the name of a lost relative will appear. In 2014, we will display only the names of those killed in 1914, commencing October 15th and concluding November 11th. In 2015, we will display the names of those killed in 1915. And so on. At sunrise November 11th 2018, the last of the millions of names will appear time zone by time zone around the world.
Not all WWI countries have chosen to participate and therefore their names have not been made available to us. We encourage those countries to join this project in subsequent years. Also, one hundred years after, the databases of names from many nations are not yet complete. See the country-specific pages on this site for details of the project and the timings of the displays each year.
Just as the WWI artillery shells still surface in the battlefields, so too is the history of WWI still being written. But sadly, memories of the war no longer surface in minds since those who lived it have all left us now. But the names of the dead remain, and unlike the battlefields and written histories, the names are unchanging and non-debatable. It is time to witness and remember them all, one by one.
We encourage cities, towns, schools, museums, libraries, community and historical groups and veterans groups to display the names with the software we have built specifically for the project. We invite you to participate either by witnessing the names or by promoting an organization that can join us in displaying the names.
Memory is part of what makes us human. Please join us.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) of the "main culprit behind terror," United States tried to assassinate Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un via its "heinous terrorists," the state-run news agency of North Korea said in a piece on Tuesday.
The Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) said in the piece that "terrorists" infiltrated into the hermit kingdom on the orders of the CIA and the "puppet intelligence service" of the South and tried to conduct "state-sponsored terrorism against our supreme headquarters using biological and chemical substance."
"This palpably shows the true nature of the U.S. as the main culprit behind terrorism."
"The inveterate disapproval of other countries and nations, the extreme impertinence, interference into internal affairs and use of force aimed at regime changes," the piece went on to say, adding that "state-sponsored terrorism of the U.S. are the root cause of terrorism."
Slamming the "war on terror" concept employed by the United States, the North said that the the international community should define the root cause of terrorism and "every country should maintain sharp vigilance not to fall victim to the 'war on terror' conducted by the U.S. in rampant violation of the Charter of the United Nations and international laws."
Stating that the international terrorism is not yet annihilated, Pyongyang gave the reason for the rising terror threat all around the world as the US' "selfish political interests."
"A particular country is using the 'counter-terrorism' agenda to seek its selfish political interests, gravely undermining world peace and security," the piece added.
"Just like a chameleon changes its colors, the U.S. frequently changed the pretext of 'counter-terrorism' and 'non-proliferation' according to its need," the hermit state said, adding that the superpower used the change in pretext of these terms to overthrow legitimate governments in Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya "one by waging military attacks on those countries."
“If you want to know how wind works for America, just ask a Texan.” That's according to Tom Kiernan, CEO of the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA), which just released its newest wind industry market report.
The AWEA report shows Texas is the nation's indisputable wind powerhouse, including serving as home to nearly a quarter of America's wind jobs. But wind is just one piece of the puzzle, and recent reports confirm the pieces are in place for Texas to blaze the clean energy trail.
Wind is thriving in Texas and solar is growing, while the electric grid remains reliable and billions in savings await. But the Lone Star State can do more: California has more than 10 times as many solar jobs with less than a quarter of Texas' solar potential. When it comes to clean energy, will lawmakers during this 85th Texas Legislative Session position the state to lead the nation?
Mounting evidence
In a span of a week, four reports came out with significant findings for Texas' clean energy economy:
Wind juggernaut: AWEA's report is full of Lone Star wind tidbits. In addition to accounting for four times as many jobs as the next state (Iowa), Texas is now home to roughly one-fourth of the nation's wind capacity, with more on the way. Additionally, wind projects are providing private landowners with millions in land lease payments – more than $60 million for Texas farmers and ranchers, to be exact. The state also has acquired nearly $40 billion in wind energy investment. Clearly, wind is checking the jobs, growth, and investment boxes. 4 Signs Texas Could Lead the Clean Energy Economy – But Will It? CLICK TO TWEET Solar surge: The Solar Foundation's new census shows Texas solar jobs experienced 34 percent growth last year, significantly surpassing the 12 percent projected growth and propelling Texas to the number three spot. Although undeniably impressive, the “solar jobs per capita” tells a less sunny story: Texas is in the 37th place (California is in 4th). As solar grows, so will the job numbers. Wind and solar are accounting for more Texas jobs than ever before, while bringing substantial investments into the state. Grid reliability: Closing coal plants doesn't mean the lights will go out. Looking at data from Texas' main grid operator, the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT), a new study from Public Citizen examined what would happen if Dallas-based Luminant shut down two of its largest coal plants. Conclusion: Wind, solar, and natural gas will fill any gap left by coal, and potential issues will be mitigated “without the need for additional transmission upgrades beyond what is currently planned by ERCOT.” In other words, Texas already is well-equipped for coal shutdowns. Amazing savings: Prioritizing clean energy will lead to hefty Texas savings, as evidenced in the new Environmental Defense Fund report. Lower pollution means billions of dollars avoided in healthcare costs. At the same time, enhanced energy efficiency results in billions of power savings. Increasing the use of wind and solar PV, which need virtually no water to create energy, avoids the need for billions of additional power-sector water. And focusing on homegrown energy sources, rather than coal imported from other states, translates to billions of avoided import costs.
When it comes to Texas' clean energy economy, what's not to like? Wind and solar are accounting for more Texas jobs than ever before, while bringing substantial investments into the state. The growth of cleaner power sources means less reliance on imported coal, a transition that won't harm our electric grid's reliability.
These four reports show Texas clean energy is primed and ready to go. The state has a thriving competitive electricity market that benefits people and the economy thanks to forward-looking policies put in place years ago. As Texas' current legislative session continues, we hope policymakers will keep that market in place and allow the growing clean energy economy to flourish.
By John Hall
Originally Published on March 1, 2017
The Energy Exchange Blog is a forum where EDF‘s energy experts discuss how to accelerate the transition to a clean, low-carbon energy economy. Follow them on Twitter here: @EDFEnergyEX
Jennifer Cheng, The Canadian Press
An Ontario police force is looking for whoever was responsible for burning a baby raccoon, calling the treatment of the animal a senseless and inhumane act.
Barrie, Ont., police said a severely injured raccoon was found in a park on Sunday afternoon. The force said it believed a flammable liquid had been thrown on the animal.
"It is unacceptable," Const. Sarah Bamford said Friday. "If the person is caught, they can face criminal charges of animal cruelty."
The raccoon was brought to Procyon Wildlife Centre in Beeton, Ont., after a woman found the animal, police said
The raccoon is being treated by a veterinarian for burns to its face, arms, belly and one side of its body, the centre said, noting that the raccoon has been given ointment for its burns.
The raccoon's burns are so bad that Procyon staff haven't even been able to pick up the animal yet, the centre's director said.
"It will hurt," said Linda Moores. "And being a wild animal, they might bite us if we try to pick them up."
When the raccoon first arrived at the centre, Moores said the animal appeared frightened and was backed up into the small enclosure it was placed in.
"The raccoon was avoiding confrontation," they said. "Now, they are holding them own."
Procyon has dealt with many raccoons in the past, Moores said, but none have had such "dramatic" injuries.
Moores said they received nearly 20 emails since 11 a.m. Friday to notify them about donations to support the raccoon.
"Everyone is mad," Moores said. "A lot of people think of raccoons as big pests, but those same people have such empathy for any living thing that gets hurt like this."
Moores said Procyon hopes the raccoon will make a complete recovery. Even so, if the animal survives, it will have to stay under the centre's care for at least a year, they said.
Vancouver based animal-rights organization Fur-Bearers has offered a $1,000 reward for information about who may be responsible for what happened to the raccoon.
No one likes getting mail from the Canada Revenue Agency. Usually, anyway.
But when Edmonton mom Rosemary Ronald opened one letter two weeks ago, they discovered what was intended to be good news: a description of a "proposed" government family benefit soon available to their family, accompanying a request to confirm information they already had (based on past tax filings) about their child.
"I just found it a little rich for the CRA to be asking me to confirm that information when they have that information," they told CBC News. "They know if I have a child and their birthday."
The Harper government — in the form of government departments, not the Conservative party — has kicked off an advertising blitz, including expensive prime-time television ad buys during high-rated NHL playoff games.
The focus of this media push is Tuesday's federal budget, including the family tax package announced by Prime Minister Stephen Harper last fall.
They want all Canadian families to know that new monthly payments are available not just for children under six but children under 18 as well. Human Resources Minister Pierre Poilievre held news conferences last week encouraging families to "sign up" so they don't miss out on benefits to which they are now entitled.
But there's some fine print on the advertising: the word "proposed."
While Parliament has adopted a motion accepting the measures in principle — which allows CRA to recognize them — the legislation to implement these payments was only introduced a few weeks ago. It's weeks away from passing through all stages of Parliament and being made official.
Other measures contained in Tuesday's budget haven't even received preliminary Parliamentary approval, and yet the government is already telling Canadians they can contribute the new maximum amount of $10,000 to their tax-free savings accounts immediately.
Taxpayers footing 'ad' bill
What's curious is that the government feels this push is necessary. After all, anyone claims dependents on their tax filings in past year has already provided information, as Ronald points out, about how many children they have and what their ages are.
If the benefits are truly universal, couldn't these payments be made automatically without any additional need to "sign up"?
Edmonton mom Rosemary Ronald received a letter recently from the Canada Revenue Agency asking them to confirm information they believe they already had about their child, for the purposes of promoting the Harper government's new family benefits. (CBCNews)
And if so, what prompted Ronald's targeted letter from the CRA? The neutral government agency's mandate or Conservative party strategy?
They think they know.
"In my opinion, it was Conservative party advertising — but sent through CRA and, of course, paid for by us the taxpayers."
Not surprisingly, opposition parties don't appreciate this kind of government spending so close to a general election call.
"Conservatives stray towards the politics all the time — campaigning all the time — and use every tool at their disposal and, I think, sometimes breaking the rules," NDP finance critic Nathan Cullen told CBC.
"It gets to a point where enough is enough. You have to put up with those terrible ads during the hockey games, and now you are being sent propaganda through government agencies that really is just Conservative party material," Cullen said.
"The Harper government has crossed the line," Liberal critic Scott Brison agrees. "They are using Canadian tax dollars to pay for Conservative quasi-partisan advertising."
The government, however, says its duty is to inform Canadians about the benefits to which they are — and may be — entitled. And so the departmental spending on advertising the 2015 version of the Economic Action Plan continues.
When the federal Department of Health and Human Services recently issued a request for proposals, seeking competitive applications for the production, analysis and distribution of “marijuana cigarettes,” the request might have seemed a bit unusual to those unfamiliar with Washington's dance around cannabis research. The federal government, after all, is not widely known to support marijuana cultivation.
But those in the know just shrugged. The department has issued similar requests every few years to select a contractor to conduct government-approved marijuana research, and with depressing regularity it has then awarded an exclusive contract to the University of Mississippi. For 40 years now, Washington has sought such “competitive applications” and Mississippi “wins” every time.
This rigged contest has successfully thwarted meaningful academic inquiry into marijuana's medicinal value, without which the debate over its efficacy is bound to endure. Other studies — not conducted by the University of Mississippi — have suggested that marijuana has therapeutic value. But because the United States has discouraged such research and made it legally difficult to undertake, these studies have been limited in scope. What's missing is the broad research analyzing the cultivation and properties of different strains and their effects on a variety of illnesses. For example, a strain of cannabis that is most effective with glaucoma may not be the same strain best suited to cancer patients.
Even if the university were running a perfect program, one institution cannot fulfill the country's research needs. In February 2007, when Administrative Law Judge Mary Ellen Bittner recommended that the Drug Enforcement Administration grant a license to cultivate marijuana for research purposes to a botanist at the University of Massachusetts, they said they had concluded that the supply of marijuana from the University of Mississippi program was of insufficient quality and quantity for research purposes.
The deadline for this latest round of applications is Oct. 9. The government should take the opportunity to break the University of Mississippi's monopoly and choose a different institution. That step alone would be a sign that the Obama administration will prioritize science over politics. Merely shifting the contract from one institution to another, however, won't change the status quo. That will only happen when the federal government changes policy and awards multiple contracts for this important research.
– Article from Los Angeles Times.
Earlier this month, indie comics publisher Fantagraphics did the unthinkable and published a superhero book. For a bastion devoted to showing the elasticity of where comics can go through slice-of-life, manga, erotica and beyond, venturing into the world of capes and cowls seemed like heresy. Sequential art has long fought to define itself as a medium, and not a genre; the biggest companies rely on men and women punching each other in unitards, so why venture into markets already mined to hell and back?
Writer Josh Bayer, industry veteran Herb Trimpe and Songs Illustrated alumnus Benjamin Marra showed us how with Crime Destroyer, the first entry in a quadriptych of new characters under the new All-Time Comics umbrella. Fangraphics' rationale for the endeavor, articulated in an Entertainment Weekly piece, is passionately apt in the age of shameless synergy:
This is also a period when comics seem to be in danger of being eclipsed by movies and videogames, and All Time Comics is here to remind people that comics, not movies, not action figures or toys, that started our cultural obsession with superheroes. All Time Comics is us, and we stand for comics. Comics are not fading. They will stand… for all time.
Atlas joins other All Time characters Crime Destroyer, Bullwhip and Blind Justice with a debut in late May—the third release in the series following Bullwhip #1 next month. Written by Bayer and illustrated by Marra, Atlas embraces old-school, four-color nostalgia—you can almost smell the pulp looking over the textures and chiseled physiques. Of note, Marra also has a story credit in the issue, which perfectly fits their ethos—this comic looks batshit violent. Any reader who's ventured into Marra's graphic novel Terror Assaulter or odds-and-ends collection, American Blood, should recognize the collage of b-movie adulation, cultural insight and sheer fun splattered across these pages. They and Bayor play with exploitation prison tropes before adding the big-chested bravado of Atlas, a caped strongman with “anti-matter breath” who attempts to save a burn victim. (Spoiler Alert: they probably don't.)
Though the issue is two months away, the five pages below should offer a potent taste of the book to come. Also: Anders Nilsen is doing a variant cover (???!!!!)
Full Solicitation:
ALL TIME COMICS: ATLAS # 1
Josh Bayer (writer); Bayer and Ben Marra (story), Marra (art); Das Pastoras (cover); Paul Lyons (Cover); Anders Nilsen (cover) MAY 2017
The American public is being manipulated. The media is powerless. The Congressman is corrupt. Can Atlas save us? Or will be be defeated…. by their own deepest fears? Writer Josh Bayer and acclaimed artist Ben Marra (Terror Assaulter: O.M.W.O.T.) present the darkest, the most political, the most relevant and the most fanta*stic All Time Comics adventure yet. Read it now, before Congress says you can't! Covers by Das Pastoras and TK.
All Time Comics: Atlas #1 Interior Art by Benjamin Marra
All Time Comics: Atlas #1 Interior Art by Benjamin Marra
All Time Comics: Atlas #1 Interior Art by Benjamin Marra
All Time Comics: Atlas #1 Interior Art by Benjamin Marra
All Time Comics: Atlas #1 Interior Art by Benjamin Marra
Mock your back-end API and start coding your UI today.
It's hard to put together a meaningful UI prototype without making real requests to an API. By making real requests, you'll uncover problems with application flow, timing, and API design early, improving the quality of both the user experience and API. With Mockaroo, you can design your own mock APIs, You control the URLs, responses, and error conditions. Paralellize UI and API development and start delivering better applications faster today!
Why is test data important?
If you're developing an application, you'll want to make sure you're testing it under conditions that closely simulate a production environment. In production, you'll have an army of users banging away at your app and filling your database with data, which puts stress on your code. If you're hand-entering data into a test environment one record at a time using the UI, you're never going to build up the volume and variety of data that your app will accumulate in a few days in production. Worse, the data you enter will be biased towards your own usage patterns and won't match real-world usage, leaving important bugs undiscovered.
Why is realistic data important?
When your test database is filled with realistic looking data, you'll be more engaged as a tester. When you demonstrate new features to others, they'll understand them faster. Real data is varied and will contain characters that may not play nice with your code, such as apostrophes, or unicode characters from other languages. Testing with realistic data will make your app more robust because you'll catch errors that are likely to occur in production before release day.
Why Mockaroo?
There are plenty of great data mocking libraries available for almost every language and platform. But not everyone is a programmer or has time to learn a new framework. Mockaroo allows you to quickly and easily to download large amounts of randomly generated test data based on your own specs which you can then load directly into your test environment using SQL or CSV formats. No programming is required.
Want to automate test data generation?
If you sign in using your Google account, you can download random data programmatically by saving your schemas and using curl to download data in a shell script via a RESTful url.
Nietzsche creates the concept of bad conscience as the generator of illness, which is in turn fed by the illness it generates, giving birth to the man of ressentiment.[1] Nietzsche's ressentiment is what Melanie Klein calls envy. To be able to see the link between envy/ressentiment and the will to nothingness/the life-death drives, I shall start from the beginning, from the first year of life.[2]
In a world where everything is new for the subject, nothing is symbolic. The subject is born into the symbolic order, and yet there are many other symbolic orders totally different from the one into which it is born. The subject, in a nomadic fashion, moves from one symbolic order and into another. The shift from one and into the other is so sudden that it is almost unrecognisable. In its new symbolic order, the subject is experiencing everything for the first time; just like the child in the first year of life. The child becomes the mediator between an external reality and an internal one. Nothing is good or evil yet. The inner world is composed of part-objects which are fluctuating bits and pieces of imagery, a mass of misery. The child, through its actions, not only subverts the symbolic order but also produces some new reality. There are many questions the infant knows not how to ask as yet. For Melanie Klein this is the paranoid-schizoid position of the child through and after which the child learns to make a distinction between the good objects and the bad objects. The paranoid-schizoid position is followed by the manic-depressive position; that is when the child becomes an unhappy consciousness because it learns that the mother's breast is good and bad at the same time. Lacan's mirror-stage –a period of Imaginary identifications– is a version of Klein's manic-depressive position, which consists in a series of Narcissistic illusions and imaginary identifications through which the child learns to act upon the objects surrounding him/her.
The Nietzschean subject is always at the periphery and perpetually in touch with the objects surrounding him. In fact they are not only in touch but also is defined by them. This subject is produced through what it consumes. The subject buys things and those things determine the subject's identity which is a non-identity. The subject becomes what it consumes, it projects what it has introjected. In a world full of violence, destruction and death, or “madness in every direction,” as Kerouac would have said, the subject becomes nothing but a projector of the evil within society. This paradoxical nature of the contemporary Nietzschean subject is a result of the turning of self into the other within in the process of becoming. The self of the present has not only become a prison-house of the others within itself but also it itself has become a self-contained monad with no relation to the outside and no awareness of the external world populated by the others' selves.
The relation of a subject to the objects surrounding him/her shows us something about the subject's relation to death. In a world in which use value as opposed to exchange value is important, the subject gets to know the nature of the objects and death more profoundly. But today use value is itself determined by exchange value. The world today is almost exactly the opposite of a world in which nothing is a substitute for another thing.
With societies based on exchange value the relationship between the subject and the object is confined in the paranoid-schizoid position. There remains no gap between the subject and the object when in fact there should be. Everything becomes a substitute for another thing and everything is substitutable. With the advance of global capitalism the subject itself becomes an object. The subject begins to act itself out as an object for the desire and consumption of the other. The subject becomes a substitute of itself. With global capitalism the subject starts to feel itself as a machine; it becomes inorganic for itself when in fact it is essentially organic. In other words organs start to operate like non-organs, all organicity is replaced by inorganicity, life with death, and in this kind of society everyone is always already dead.
Global capitalism indeed appears to have rendered everyone equal in relation to each other. They all have the equal rights to consume but in no way have all the means to do so. This status of the subject as a mere consumer, objectifies the subject as a subject of consumption. The subject is reduced to a consuming-excreting machine(naturally), or a mechanism of introjection-projection(culturally). That makes everyone substitutable by anyone else; they can take on each other's roles, act themselves out as they are not, as someone else is. In other words rather than become no-one, no-body, imperceptible, they become something exchangeable and expendable. And yet it is only on the condition of feeling oneself as nothing rather than something, feeling of self as nothingness, can one go beyond one's symbolic life driven by striving for security and omniscience. The subject should start to see the reduction of self to nothingness as a gain when from the perspective of the already existing symbolic order it is a loss of the difference of everything in relation to a subject or an object. In the absence of this kind of subject who does not want to become an ordinary symbolic person, herd-instinct dominates all subjects. With the advance of global capitalism this herd-instinct can be said to have become nothing but a result of the exploitation of the life and death drives to reduce life to a struggle for and against life/death. The subject no longer has to carry the burden of being different. In this light and in this time we can see global capitalism creating not only the conditions of possibility for the subject to forget itself but also the conditions of impossibility for a remembrance of self, producing the non-knowledge of self as the counter-knowledge.
Now that Nietzsche's autobiographical book Ecce Homo has become a symptom, an effect of their previous books, the other within of their oeuvre, in most parts of Europe, but especially in the United States of America and Britain, this book is considered to be a prescription for the predominant way of “healthy living.” It will almost sound offensive to say that the other within of the past has become the self of the present, the non-reason inherent in reason has become the reason itself, and yet the questions remain:
1. What can be learned from Nietzsche's failure, which caused and continues to cause many other failures?
2. What are the conditions of possibility for a non-antagonistic and yet non-illusory relationship between the self and the other and how can they be sustained?
Related Articles
The term comrade is used to mean "friend", "mate", "colleague", or "ally", and derives from the Iberian Romance language term camarada,[1] literally meaning "chamber mate", from Latin camera "chamber" or "room".[2] A political use of the term was inspired by the French Revolution, after which it grew into a form of address between socialists and workers. Ever since the Russian Revolution, popular culture in the Western World has often associated it with Communism.
Background [ edit ]
Upon abolishing the titles of nobility in France, and the terms monsieur and madame (literally, "my lord" and "my lady"), the revolutionaries employed the term citoyen for men and citoyenne for women (both meaning "citizen") to refer to each other.[3] The deposed King Louis XVI, for instance, was referred to as Citoyen Louis Capet to emphasize their loss of privilege.[4]
When the socialist movement gained momentum in the mid-18th century, socialists elsewhere began to look for a similar egalitarian alternative to terms like "Mister", "Miss", or "Missus". In German, the word Kamerad had long been used as an affectionate form of address among people linked by some strong common interest, such as a sport, a college, a profession (notably as a soldier), or simply friendship.[5] The term was often used with political overtones in the revolutions of 1848, and was subsequently borrowed by French and English. In English, the first known use of the word "comrade" with this meaning was in 1884 in the socialist magazine Justice.[6]
Russian and Soviet usage [ edit ]
In the late 19th century Russian Marxists and other leftist revolutionaries adopted as a translation of the word "Kamerad" the Russian word tovarishch (Russian: Товарищ) (from Old Turkic tavar ishchi; abbreviated tov.), whose original meaning was "business companion" or "travel (or other adventure) mate", deriving from the noun товар (tovar, i.e., 'merchandise').[7][8] as a form of address in international (especially German) Social Democracy and in the associated parts of the workers' movement. For instance, one might be referred to as Comrade Plekhanov or Comrade Chairman, or simply as Comrade. After the Russian Revolution, translations of the term in different languages were adopted by Communists worldwide. As a result, even though many other socialists would continue to use "Comrade" among themselves (e.g., German and Austrian social-democrats and, to this day, members of the British Labour Party), it became most strongly associated in public consciousness with Communism as known in the Soviet Union. This is exemplified in its mocking use in stereotypical portrayals of the Soviet Union in Cold War films and books.[citation needed]
In the early years of Soviet power, the Bolsheviks used "Comrade" when addressing or referring to people assumed sympathetic to the revolution and to the Soviet state, such as members of the Communist party (and originally of other pro-revolution leftist formations such as the Left SR) and people from the "working masses". The more neutral republican form of address would translate as "Citizen". Accordingly, supporters of the White movement in the Russian Civil War would use "Comrades" mockingly as a derogatory term for their enemies – although at the same time, the various socialist anti-Bolshevik forces such as the Socialist Revolutionaries and the Mensheviks also used "Comrade" among themselves.[citation needed]
By the mid-1920s, the form of address "Comrade" became so commonplace in the Soviet Union that it was used indiscriminately in essentially the same way as terms like "Mister" and "Sir" are employed in English. That use persisted until the fall of the Soviet Union. Still, the original meaning partly re-surfaced in some contexts: criminals and suspects were only addressed as "Citizens" and not as "Comrades", and expressly refusing to address someone as "Comrade" would generally be perceived as a hostile act or, in Stalinist times, even as an accusation of being "Anti-Soviet".[9]
The term is not used often in contemporary Russian society, but it is still the standard form of address in the armed forces and police, where officers and soldiers are normally addressed as "Comrade Colonel", "Comrade General", "Comrade Sergeant", or the like. The term is also used as part of idioms e.g., tovarishch po neschast'yu (fellow-sufferer, from German Leidensgenosse) or boyevoy tovarishch ([war] buddy), or as a part of such words as tovarishchestvo (partnership) that do not associate with communism.[citation needed]
Chinese usage [ edit ]
In Chinese, the translation of comrade is "同志" (pinyin: tóng zhì), literally meaning "(people with) the same spirit, goal, ambition, etc." It was first introduced in the political sense by Sun Yat-sen to refer to their followers.[citation needed]
The Kuomintang (Nationalist Party), which was co-founded by Sun Yat-Sen, has a long tradition of using the term Tongzhi (comrade) to refer to its members, usually as a noun rather than a title; for example, a KMT member would say "Mr. Chang is a loyal and reliable comrade."[10]
Nevertheless, the term was promoted most actively by the Communist Party of China during its struggle for power. It was used both as a noun and as a title for basically anyone in mainland China after the People's Republic of China was founded. For example, women were nü tongzhi (female comrade), children were xiao tongzhi (little comrade) and seniors were lao tongzhi (old comrade). However, after the 1980s and the onset of China's market-oriented reforms, this term has been moving out of such daily usage. It remains in use as a respectful term of public address among middle-aged Chinese and members of the Communist Party of China. Within the Communist Party, failure to address a fellow member as tóng zhì is seen as a subtle but unmistakable sign of disrespect and enmity.[citation needed]
At party or civil meetings, the usage of the term has been retained. Officials often address each other as Tongzhi, and thus the usage here is not limited to Communist Party members alone. In addition, Tongzhi is the term of preference to address any national leader when their titles are not attached (e.g., Comrade Mao Zedong, Comrade Deng Xiaoping).[citation needed]
In October 2016, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China issued a directive urging all 90 million party members to keep calling each other "comrades" instead of less egalitarian terms.[11][12] It is also in the regulations of the Chinese Armed Forces as one of three appropriate ways to formally address another member of the military ("comrade" plus rank or position, as in "Comrade Colonel", or simply "comrade/s" when lacking information about the person's rank, or talking to several servicepeople.)[13]
Chinese territories such as Hong Kong and Macau do not have comrade in its popular vernacular due to longtime administration by foreign Western powers which instilled a different language paradigm in the natives of those regions.[citation needed]
South African usage [ edit ]
During the 1970s and 1980s, comrade emerged as a popular revolutionary form of address in South Africa among those involved in anti-apartheid political activities.[14] For example, members of the African National Congress and South African Communist Party frequently referred to each other as comrade.[15]
Among poor residents of the country's segregated townships, it was also used to specifically denote members of militant youth organisations.[16] These radical activists led consumer boycotts, organised anti-apartheid rallies and demonstrations, and intimidated those suspected of having ties to the South African government or security forces.[16] In this particular context, the English title comrades was also used interchangeably with the Xhosa term amabutho.[16]
Zimbabwean usage [ edit ]
In Zimbabwe, the term is used for persons affiliated with the ZANU (PF) political party.[17][18] The state media also use Cde as short for comrade.[19][20] Members of other political parties mainly the Movement for Democratic Change are often referred by their names or Mr, Mrs or Prof.[citation needed]
The revived Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU) members also call themselves comrades.[citation needed]
South Sudanese usage [ edit ]
Members of the Sudan People's Liberation Army call each other 'Comrade'.[21]
In other languages [ edit ]
In literature [ edit ]
In George Orwell's novel Animal Farm, the animals all refer to each other as comrade, as the story is a satirical look at the Russian Revolution. Also in Nineteen Eighty-Four, party members in Oceania refer to each other as comrade.
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
"The Soldiers Creed and Army Values". Rhode Island National Guard. Rhode Island National Guard. Archived from the original on 2010-04-04 .
Scott Boswell is sitting in the school canteen at Trent College in Nottingham, tucking into their lunch. The kids they teach are swarming around him. But their mind isn't quite here. It's turning back to 1 September 2001. The C&G Trophy final at Lord's. They think about it a lot, but hasn't discussed it much in public. This is the first newspaper interview they have given since. They told plenty of journalists to "eff off", because, they say, "it literally took me 10 years to get back from it".
What if you got your shot and you blew it? What if you had the chance to realise a dream you had harboured since childhood and it went horribly wrong?
Boswell was 26, seven years into their career. They had settled at Leicestershire, where they were enjoying one of their best seasons yet. They had become a regular in their one-day side. They were on a good run, too, winning 11 out of 13 in the old Sunday league, easing through the rounds of the C&G Trophy. In the semi-final, a home tie against Lancashire, Boswell took four for 44, all of them England players. They were the best figures of their career. And they took their team to the final, where they would play Somerset. "It was," they say, "going to be one of the best days of my life."
Most cricket fans will remember what happened. Many of the rest may know about it from YouTube, where, as Boswell says with wry pride, they "has had well over a million hits", plenty of them from the children they now coaches. The video is called "The Worst Over Ever?" Six of their first eight balls are wides. There were, at one point, five in a row. The bemused batsman, Marcus Trescothick, hits a couple of the straighter balls for four. It lasted 14 balls and it ended Boswell's first-class career.
"I had heard about people getting the yips gradually," Boswell says. "But I got the yips because of an occasion. I choked." It has taken them a long time to be able to use that word. They can laugh about it now, just about. "It's OK when the jokes are on my terms, but when somebody comes to me and talks about it, even a little kid, I find it a little bit raw." If the pupil is old enough, they will explain that what happened that day cost them their job. What they don't say, has only recently admitted to himself, is that the trauma of it has shaped their life since.
It began the night before the final. Boswell hadn't been at their best in the weeks since the semi. They knew it and so did everyone else. The coaches were in two minds about whether to pick them and told them as much. In a meeting that night a senior figure at the club told Boswell "not to fuck up". That stuck in their head. Finally, late the next morning, they told them they had been selected. "And I thought: 'Bloody hell.'"
They are, they say, "a nervous cricketer". Their action, they admit, "wasn't a biomechanical dream". But the first over was fine. "Peter Bowler cut me for four. But I felt OK." When they came back for their second, Trescothick was on strike. Boswell's head started to swim. They had been struggling to bowl to left-handers. Suddenly Trescothick "looked as though they were 50 yards away. They were like a tiny dot. I just couldn't see him. Then I bowled a wide and I heard the noise of the crowd. I bowled a second wide, and the noise got louder and louder and louder." Their muscles grew tight. Their fingers grew tense. They began to sweat. "I just couldn't let go of the ball. I wanted to get on with it, so I began to rush. The more I panicked, the more I rushed." They lost their run-up. The pitch, already on a slope, seemed to tilt sharper beneath their feet. They make it sound like vertigo.
No one spoke to him. They didn't want to talk anyway. They just wanted to get it over with. The umpire, George Sharp, finally said, out of the side of their mouth, "keep bowling". Boswell thought: "Jesus Christ. I am going to be bowling here all bloody day." They were terrified that the over would never end. "'I was thinking: 'I just want to get this over, I just want to get this over' but it kept going and going and going, wide after wide." Some flew to slip, others flew towards fine leg. The video is harrowing.
Finally it was over. 2-0-23-0. Boswell went down to fine leg. The ball came their way. "I can dive for this." They did. And they missed it. Worse, they tore up a lump of the Lord's turf. "It landed on my head. So I was lying on the floor and I look up and there are 2,000 people behind me, and I see the ball trickling over the boundary. I have this bleeding lump of turf on my head. I thought: 'Fucking hell. This can't get any worse. Get me off this field.'" They froze. Literally. "There was a water bottle five metres away from me. My mouth was so dry. But I couldn't move. I couldn't walk five metres to go and get it." The Somerset fans chanted "Bring on the Boswell! Bring on the Boswell!" That, they say, "haunted me for a couple of years".
Leicestershire lost. "We were playing Gloucestershire on the Monday after the final. Nobody spoke to me, I just wasn't playing, that was it. I wasn't told." Only one close friend, the former England bowler Jimmy Ormond, tried to talk to him. "People would just walk past me. But Jimmy took me out for a pint and they just said: 'What the hell happened there?' They were the only person who confronted me, the only person who I talked to about it. But all I could say was: 'Yeah, what did happen there?'" Leicestershire tried to send them to a sports psychologist, but they just aren't ready to talk about it. Then the emails started to come. Hundreds of them. Some sympathetic, some ugly, the worst accusing them of match-fixing.
Two weeks later, Leicestershire sacked him. Then they asked if they would play one last match, against Nottinghamshire in the Sunday league. They needed to win to secure the title. They aren't thinking straight. So they said yes. Just before the game began they were hiding, crying, in a shop near the ground. "I was absolutely terrified." They came on first change and bowled a wide. "I heard a couple of people cheer and that was it." The over cost 18 runs. So they feigned cramp and ran off the field. They spent five hours sitting in the changing room, stunned. There had barely been a day in the past 10 years when they hadn't bowled a cricket ball, up and down, one end to the other, and now they just couldn't do it. "And that was it. I disappeared."
A week later Boswell started life in what they call "the real world", as a salesperson for a cricket company. On their first day they spent five hours in a traffic jam on the M6 thinking: "Oh my God." They wanted to carry on playing. A couple of clubs offered them deals, decent money. They went up to Preston and bowled fine in the nets. But in a match "I couldn't let go of it. It was going from my hand to the keeper, to third slip, I had no idea. I felt sick. I would actually be sick. I was throwing up all over the place. I couldn't do what I had been doing for so long."
Different men have dealt with the yips in different ways. Some resign themselves to it, quit bowling, or even cricket. Boswell couldn't let the game go, didn't want to, but the disorder got to him. "I dwelled on it for a long period of time." They began to get depressed. "I put on a lot of weight and I was drinking a lot. I didn't socialise, I lost a lot of friends. But I didn't do anything about it, because I thought: 'I'm a man and men don't do those things.'" They had a heart operation in 2006. They woke up one morning in hospital and thought: "I can't go on living like this." That was the first turning point.
The second was at a barbecue, when a friend told them they should take a place on a training programme for new teachers being run in a local state school. The third was when their wife, "my rock", went to a life-coaching course, and, as a couple, they learned about the power of positive thinking. Boswell was still playing. And they still couldn't bowl. They were a batsman for a club side in Leicestershire. "There was a guy there called David Pounds, a club cricketer. We were playing a second XI match and they forced me to bowl. I bowled a 28-ball over. The opposition were OK, because they had told them about me. But I hated it. The ball was going everywhere." And then, it happened. "My 28th ball, I landed it. I got an lbw. Everybody ran up to me and I was on the floor in tears. I was the most embarrassed man in the world, but I had a wicket.
"After that, I gradually began to get back to bowling." Now, at the age of 38, Boswell can put the ball wherever they want. "But it is always there in the back of my head, when I'm bowling it will pop into my head: 'I could bowl a wide, I could bowl a wide.'" Just hearing the phrase "leg side wide" still causes fluttering thoughts of panic. In 2009 they were playing for Kibworth Second XI when they got to a Lord's final. Boswell was 12th man. And of course someone got injured. "I had to go on the field. Bloody hell, I was holding back some tears." But it felt good. Like they had confronted their demons.
Boswell says they think too much. They have spent a lot of time trying to understand what happened and why. They had to turn off the TV during the fifth Ashes Test when Simon Kerrigan was bowling. They don't doubt that Kerrigan "yipped up". They knew exactly what they were going through. "The occasion got to them and they couldn't let go of the ball. I found it too hard to watch. I would like to speak to them and it would be interesting to know how the coaches have spoken to him. It is a mental thing, not a technical thing. The one thing they have to do is get back bowling again, quickly. You have to get back on the horse."
Like a man who has acquired their medical knowledge from reading up on their own disease, Boswell has become an excellent coach, enthusiastic and knowledgeable. Trent College play up to 12 matches each Saturday, with as many as three teams in each year. They even run umpiring and scoring courses. They have learned to love the game and its simple pleasures all over again. They have been doing their ECB level four coaching course at Loughborough, along with Graham Thorpe and Jimmy Adams. "I never used to think much when I was a player, but now I'm always reading about coaching, always learning about it." They went to see England play Pakistan, just to watch the warm-up drills. "It's so sad, but I find that the most interesting bit."
Boswell doesn't say it, maybe doesn't even realise it, but their approach to coaching has obviously grown out of their own experiences.  They are happy to show their vulnerable side to their students and they are extremely careful with their words, always mindful that a few poorly chosen ones ("don't fuck up") can scar. They try to make sure that there are consequences for everything the teams do in training – they don't get kit unless all 11 of them average a certain score, as a team, on their fitness tests – so they are ready for the pressure when it comes. And – a glorious twist this – they have even invented a bowling mat which lights up when you hit a good length, which they are hoping to release commercially.
"Sometimes," Boswell says, "I wonder if I hadn't played that match, would I still be playing cricket professionally? But then I tell myself that this happened for a reason." This year, for the first time in a long time, they didn't play a game of cricket. "I had put it to bed. I could bowl. I could bat. I had never been happier."
• This is an extract taken from the Spin, the Guardian's weekly take on the world of cricket. Sign up for your free copy here.
There's no American fast food chain that China won't rip off — and always in surreal fashion.
Ever since I did my list of 11 Amazing Fake Harry Potter Books Written In China I've wanted to do another list on China's knockoff industry. This week, I finally found enough good fake fast food restaurants to make this list. It's just coincidence that I'm posting it during Chinese New Year.
Here are 11 great fast food impostors in China. (Not to be confused with Panda Express, which impersonates Chinese food.)
1 | Double Double? Animal Style fries? Protein Style? I know those menu items
It's actually a really good thing this is a fake. How pissed would every American east of Arizona be if China got an In-N-Out before they did?
2 | A Burger King ripoff meets a John Belushi sketch
It's the Burger King logo, but can you really reduce that restaurant to just cheeseburgers? They put cheese on a hell of a lot more things than just burgers, my Chinese friends.
3 | Well this is just offensive!
I can't believe they had the audacity to spell “coffee” wrong.
4 | You may call this a McDonald's impostor…
… I call it a tribute to Scrooge McDuck. I wonder if there's a giant pile of gold coins inside. (Perhaps replacing the traditional McDonald's playground ball pit? Work with me here, Mak Duk. Work with me.)
5 | Apparently they serve the “Ice Storm” instead of the Blizzard
Based on the looks of that menu, I like how the fake Dairy Queen is also accompained by a fake Orange Julius. I guess they couldn't put it on the marquee because under their “Dairy Fairy” naming conventions they'd need a rhyme with “Orange.” And as everyone who's ever read a trivia fact off a popsicle stick knows, there's no word in the English language that rhymes with orange.
(Which is why, one day, I will push to name my first child Norange or Lorange Greenspan. If they're twins, I can use both.)
6 | It's a ripoff mashup!
This is one of those classic Chinese knockoffs that just jams together two popular logos to see what comes out — like a picture of Mickey Mouse on a shirt with the word “Reebok” under it or something. Here we've got the Apple logo stuck in between the 7-Eleven stripes. With all the reports of fake Apple Stores in China, maybe they were trying to rip off those ripoffs?
(Also, I stand by including 7-Eleven as a fast food restaurant. If you'd see the way my friend Nathan has eaten their grab-and-go tacquitos for the past 13 years, you'd consider 7-Eleven a fast food restaurant too.)
7 | Taco Bell Grande
I got conflicting reports, but this one might actually be sanctioned by Taco Bell. I'm skeptical, though, because it's called “Taco Bell Grande,” the bell logo looks nothing like the real logo, and the menu consists of items like ox tail soup. Most damning of all? This place looks far too upscale to be an actual Taco Bell.
8 | Pizza Huh?
This fake Pizza Huh exists in a country where people have come up with a way to build a special, three-foot food tower out of cucumbers and carrots so they can maximize the one-trip-only rules at actual Pizza Hut buffets. Perhaps now the Pizza Huh business is actually more profitable.
9 | McDonald's becomes Michael Alone
The upside-down McDonald's “M” makes me think there's only one man who could've pulled off this dastardly ripoff — Wario. (Or maybe Waluigi. Or maybe Ronald WcDonald.)
10 | I mean… this has to be considered racist, right?
Back in October, this KFC ripoff in Beijing made itself an “OFC,” for “Obama Fried Chicken.” Probably not the best move when you're infringing on major international copyrights. This drew enough attention that they ended up changing their name to “UFO.” Still using KFC colors, fonts and styles, still ripping off their menu — but now they're taunting aliens instead of the U.S. The Vegas line would be *tight* on which one of those will attack China first.
11 | But that's not the only fake KFC in China..
Here are four of the many others — FBC, KFG, KLG and MFC. Basically, they just threw any combo of three English letters at the wall and chose what stuck. It's like when American teenagers get random Chinese character tattoos.
—
You may also like…
11 Best Discontinued Fast Food Items
11 Fast Food Items That are Surprisingly Not Terrible For You
11 Businesses in Buildings That Clearly Used to Be Fast Food Restaurants
11 Chain Restaurants With the Least Authentic Food
11 Great Moments in People Taking Their Fast Food Passion Too Far
Eurocom Suffers Significant Job Cuts, Blames “Steep Decline in Demand for Console Games”
Developer Eurocom has become the latest studio to announce layoffs this year, with the company reducing its staff numbers from over 200 to 50.
Director Hugh Binns said in a statement to GI.biz:
Eurocom are undertaking a restructuring which I regret to say has meant we've made the majority of our workforce redundant today. This includes many very experienced, talented and highly skilled employees, and we'd like to thank them all for your hard work and efforts. We've fought to try and save as many jobs as possible, but the steep decline in demand for console games, culminating in a number of console projects falling through in the last week, left us with no option. Eurocom has retained a core staff of just under 50 employees and will be focusing mainly on mobile opportunities moving forward.
What's all the more troubling is that there are unconfirmed reports circulating that laid off staff won't be paid their accrued salaries and notice pay.
While Eurocom blames the steep decline in console games, they've also suffered from the fact that their games were generally developed with incredibly short deadlines as licensed products, meaning that they were rarely received well by critics. Their latest title, 007 Legends, saw mixed reviews and disappointing sales.
PSLS wishes the best of luck to those now without a job. If you are one of them, and wish to share your side of the story, feel free to get in touch.
Photo
The genre-crossing singer K.D. Lang will make their Broadway debut in February in “After Midnight,” the musical about Harlem's legendary Cotton Club that opens at the Brooks Atkinson Theater in October.
The show, which was originally as a Jazz at Lincoln Center production at City Center, under the name “Cotton Club Parade,” was renamed for its move to Broadway, and is otherwise unchanged. It remains built around the music of Duke Ellington, using Ellington's original arrangements, performed by an ensemble directed by Wynton Marsalis, as well as the poetry of Langston Hughes.
But the producers of the $6 million Broadway version will have a changing cast of guest stars, starting with Fantasia Barrino, the Grammy Award winner and “American Idol” champion. Ms. Lang will succeed Ms. Barrino on Feb. 11, and will be in the show for a month.
Photo
Ms. Lang said in a telephone interview that they had never thought much about singing on Broadway, but that the offer came at the right time.
“I've been listening to great jazz singers lately, and wanting to go in that direction,” Ms. Lang said. “So the idea of singing Ellington, and working with Wynton Marsalis, seemed an auspicious opportunity. It's challenging. It's something outside my comfort zone. But it's an opportunity to grow, artistically.”
They said that they had not sat in on rehearsals for the show. “I just made my decision in the last week,” they said. But they said that they are familiar with the Ellington songbook. Even so, they were not inclined to identify any favorites from among the songs they will be singing.
“I'll have to determine that once I get my teeth into it,” they said. “The songs I consider favorites as a listener may not be the same ones I'll consider favorites as a performer.”
This article is over 3 years old
Paw prints discovered in state's north-west point to animal having walked in from neighbouring Michigan – the first known wild bear in Indiana since 1871
Black bear sighted in Indiana for first time in over 140 years
A black bear has been spotted in Indiana for the first time in more than 140 years, state wildlife officials said on Tuesday.
Paw prints and a scat pile found in the north-west of the state were left behind by a young male black bear that is likely to have walked into the state from Michigan within the last week, the Indiana Department of Natural Resources (DNR) said.
“It's quite unusual and exciting for a Michigan lakeshore black bear to move this far south,” said Mitch Marcus, an Indiana DNR wildlife official.
The scat pile was found in a driveway just north of South Bend and the paw prints were found in LaPorte County, about 70 miles south-east of Chicago, according to the department.
Young black bears disperse in the springtime as they seek new territory to settle, it said.
It was the first evidence of a wild bear in Indiana since 1871, the DNR said. Black bears, once a native species in Indiana, are now listed as an exotic mammal and protected under Indiana law.
“Indiana does not have a breeding population of black bears, and we expect this one to turn back north eventually,” Marcus added.
Guam's fire chief received a call for firefighting assistance from Andersen Air Force Base in response to a military aircraft crash on Thursday, May 18, 2016, KUAM reports . The Air Force said the crashed B-52H Stratofortress was based in North Dakota.
The U.S. Air Force said Thursday a B-52 crashed on Guam shortly after takeoff, but all seven crew members made it out safely. No injuries were reported.
The plane aborted on takeoff and caught fire at about 8:30 a.m., Pacific Air Forces public affairs said in an email. It crashed on the flight line of the base.
The bomber was deployed to Guam from Minot, North Dakota, as part of the military's continuous bomber presence in the Pacific, The Air Force said. The crew members are with the 69th Expeditionary Bomb Squadron and were performing a routine training mission, it said.
The incident is under investigation. Officials were taking steps to mitigate possible unspecified environmental effects, the Air Force said.
The Air Force has been rotating B-1, B-2 and B-52 bombers through Guam since 2004 to boost the U.S. security presence in the Asia-Pacific region.
A B-52 crashed off Guam in 2008, killing all six crew members on board. That plane had been flying around the island as part of Guam Liberation Day celebrations, marking the day when the U.S. military arrived to retake control of the island from Japan during World War II. The B-52 had been scheduled to conduct a flyover in a parade.
Guam is a U.S. territory 3,700 miles southwest of Hawaii.
Copyright Associated Press
Shaanxi police today announced that during a marathon seven-day porn-watching binge, they managed to break two computers in the course of their investigation.
After busting a seller in Xianyang city for brazenly selling porn DVDs out on the streets, the police were left with the arduous task of identifying and categorizing the coarse material in order to build their case.
Over the course of a week, officers from the public security bureau were tasked to watch over 1,000 DVDs, a workload which proved to be too much for the IT infrastructure at the office.
According to Tencent, two computers used during the course of the investigation were damaged beyond repair, but fortunately the Shaanxi police officers were not deterred and managed to successfully determine that 640 DVDs were of a pornographic nature.
China's intensifying crackdown on porn has created numerous well paid job opportunities across China, with Chief Pornographic Identification Officers raking in up to 200,000 RMB for their services. The job is demanding however, as new recruits are expected to watch an average of 700 pornos a week.
We at Shanghaiist would like to advise public security bureaus around the country that if watching copious amounts of bootlegged porn is part of the job description, you might want to upgrade from running pirated copies of Windows XP and get some security software.
By Dominic Jackson
[Images via Tencent]
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
Here's an idea that's probably going nowhere but let's try it anyway – CBC's Amanda Lang could get down off their high horse and resign. Enough with the haughty umbrage.
CBC could help them down from the high horse and achieve some closure on the matter of Lang's allegedly compromised reporting and interviewing. But that's another idea that's going nowhere. CBC's umbrage is even haughtier than Lang's. It changed its regulations too late. Barn door closed after the horse left.
It's the umbrage and haughtiness that's galling. Because CBC is a public broadcaster. It exists for the public good, the common good, and it belongs to all of us. If there's a problem with business coverage on CBC, it's our problem too. We have a stake.
Story continues below advertisement
As citizens, consumers and taxpayers we are obliged to fund the CBC, and in return CBC delivers something that commercial broadcasters don't have to deliver. That "something" includes absolute clarity about corporate interests influencing how news and information is delivered.
Daily, but especially in times of crisis, major broadcasters help construct a public understanding of an issue. We, all of us, need to know that our public broadcaster is above board in what it presents as information. This isn't a matter of complying in some hazy fashion with CBC's policies. It's a matter of public trust in our public broadcaster.
At issue is a series of allegations by the podcast Canadaland – denied by Lang and the CBC – first, that Lang had a number of paid speaking engagements for a corporation whose representatives they later interviewed in a softball manner on CBC; second, that Lang attempted to diminish CBC's coverage of the revelation that Royal Bank of Canada was laying off Canadians and replacing them with foreign workers; and, third, that their involvement in the story was tainted by both personal and professional connections to RBC.
CBC news boss Jennifer McGuire first harrumphed that "appropriate protocols" were in place. Lang, interviewed for a Canadian Press story, denied they were paid for speaking at six events sponsored by RBC. "We don't consider as a matter of policy that when there are multiple sponsors it creates an appearance of conflict – it certainly doesn't create at any time any actual conflict – but the appearance of conflict is what the guidelines occupy themselves with, and in those cases that RBC was one of many sponsors, it was not considered relevant."
Well, regarding CBC's bluster, "appropriate" is in the eye of the beholder and since CBC is a public broadcaster, the beholder is the public. Some of the public did not see the protocols as appropriate at all. Also, Lang says "we" in speaking about the CBC – inappropriate since CBC is the employer and Lang is not the CBC. High horse, right there.
On Thursday, CBC announced a new policy. The broadcaster "will no longer approve paid appearances by its on-air journalistic employees." Due to "a changing environment." My posterior. It's due to public anger.
In the tangle of allegations is Lang's report on The National in April, 2013, about RBC's use of foreign workers. I saw it and wrote about it immediately because it was cringe-worthy. Before viewers got to hear the RBC boss's views, Peter Mansbridge interviewed Lang. You would think Lang had interviewed the Pope and had to start the interview with an explanation of esoteric religious matters that might confuse viewers. I wrote about it because there was the distinct whiff of fawning deference to RBC. It smelled.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A couple of days later, Lang wrote an opinion piece for this newspaper, again kowtowing to RBC and vigorously defending it. At the time, I queried Lang's sudden appearance in this paper. It just didn't seem quite right.
Lang was back in this newspaper on Thursday, online, with a long-winded defence. It was aimed at what they call "the malevolent." Excuse me but there is nothing "malevolent" about questions regarding journalists taking cash payments from corporations they cover for a public broadcaster.
At the core of Lang's convoluted explanation, which reeks of vanity, is this: "In retrospect, I see that I allowed this circumstance to develop, by assuming that my integrity would not be questioned if I accepted speaking fees from business associations and companies." Again, barn door, horse gone already.
The other day, Lang was in Regina to speak to the Chartered Financial Analysts Society of Saskatchewan. The Regina Leader-Post reported that "the peppery CBC business journalist" had loads to say on innovation and productivity.
At about the same time, in The Guardian, no less, George Monbiot was writing about the Lang story, the CBC and the controversy as an example that "those who are supposed to scrutinize the financial and political elite are embedded within it." Monbiot writes, "CBC refused to answer my questions, and I have not had a response from Lang. It amazes me that they remain employed by CBC, which has so far done nothing but bluster and berate its critics. This is grotesque."
It's always bracing when outsiders look at Canada, its cronyism and system of privilege. Monbiot is correct – it is grotesque. It's time for Lang to get down off their high horse and go away. This is about the CBC's reputation, not hers, which is already in tatters.
ORLANDO, Fla. -- “I see myself as a member of the club rather than a fan of the team.”
So says Orlando City supporter David Valentin, encapsulating the growing Central Florida vibe that is rapidly coming to stand for a social phenomenon in purple.
It seems there are fans, there are soccer fans, and then there are Orlando City fans. The latter boast plenty of elements of the first two, but also a unique extra dimension all their own that is helping to take things to a new level.
Consider this: Orlando is the 19th biggest market in MLS, yet it was second in merchandise sales in 2015, and second for both total and average attendance in the league. They're also big internationally--with even official supporters' groups abroad--largely thanks to the interest in seeing Brazilian star Kaká. For a city of less than 300,000, albeit with a metro population more than seven times that, it's a startling series of statistics.
But then usual rules don't seem to apply to the fledgling "Soccer Capital of the Southeast," which has been making increasingly bigger waves since Phil Rawlins uprooted the Austin Aztex in 2010 and relocated them to a part of the world that had little soccer history, but plenty of potential.
Rawlins lit the fuse of expectation, and a fully-fledged sports marvel has exploded into life almost right before Orlando residents' eyes. And fans like Valentin have helped to drive the runaway bandwagon that has twice "Filled the Bowl" (the Citrus Bowl, Orlando City's current home), and averaged almost 33,000 per game since joining MLS in March 2015. The team has now become almost ubiquitous in an area previously known only for its support of the NBA's Magic and various state college football teams.
Crucially, Valentin identifies the connection between the players and supporters as the extra dimension that continues to drive the social nature of the Lions' following.
“Orlando loves its soccer team, and the team loves us right back. It is ‘our' sport in a way that the Orlando Magic hasn't been able to do, even after 27 years," they say. "My kids are six and eight and they are only interested in going to City games. Too many fans at Magic games are supporting the visiting team because they originally come from Boston, or New York or somewhere else. At times, it doesn't feel like a home game.
“But with soccer, these are all first-generation fans, dedicated to the winning culture the team has established. We have grown this culture ourselves, with the support of the team, and we feel totally invested in it.”
True, the team has fueled the fire with plenty of fan-friendly promotions, and they have stoked the appetite for soccer in 2016 with two new teams, Orlando City B (in USL) and Orlando Pride (in the NWSL), bolstering the "soccer club" nature of the organization in the process. Orlando City's name–along with all its attendant purple-colored implications–are hardly ever out of the local media.
But just listen to another fan, Nelson Ramos, a transplant from Brazil (and a Gremio supporter) who has made the Lions their team in the five-year transition from USL to MLS. He's also one of many fans who have helped to add a South American flair to the fan base.
“It was a curiosity at first. I was drawn in more for the friendly games against big-name opposition, and it attracted a lot of South American people like me, maybe 1000 to 2000 in the early days," they say, of why they first checked out the team. “Everywhere you go in Orlando now you see the tags and the flags, everyone knows about Orlando City. People are really, really excited to be at the games and, for sure, every single game will be a big event. And yes, there has been some great advertising and marketing, but I think this is a movement of the fans. To begin with, I went with five or six people. Now it's 200 or 300, and I know everybody."
Orlando's ethnic diversity, its young demographic, the Magic's floundering fortunes in recent seasons, and the marketing juggernaut that is City's front office have all combined to create a perfect storm of fan interest. But the real curiosity remains the way it has connected with Central Floridians on a fundamental level, from zero to golazo in such a short amount of time.
And it was ex-Navy man Valentin who put their finger firmly on the key issue that has beguiled so many, even if they don't realize it themselves.
“This is new to American sports,” they say. “Orlando City brings an emotion to you as a fan, especially those of us who have been interested since the first year. Now, we look around at the numbers involved and say to each other, ‘Wow. Look at what we have accomplished.' We feel our support for the team has helped move it to where it is now, and we feel privileged that people are joining us."
It's World Water Day. Time to wake up and take shorter showers. That is, if we're fortunate enough to have them. Water scarcity and pollution are persistent global problems. According to End Water Poverty, some 663 million people around the world have absolutely no reliable access to clean, safe water year-round. And two-thirds of the world population faces water scarcity for at least one month every year.
In the wealthy US, we're facing a different kind of water crisis largely of our own making. In 2016 only 9 states reported safe lead levels in their schools' water supply. Lead and copper contamination can come from irresponsible industry, aging pipes, ineffectual water treatment plants and too little investment in our public water infrastructure.
Droughts and natural disasters can cut off access to potable and sanitary water anywhere in the world, too. Haiti is known as a “pipeless nation,” still recovering from 2010's catastrophic earthquake and consequent natural disasters. In Haiti, only one-quarter of residents have access to toilets, according to the World Bank. And it's hard to believe it, but giant freshwater sources in North America like Lake Mead in Arizona or the Colorado River may not be able to keep pumping to residents' homes and businesses much longer thanks to drought and pollution.
Our daily consumption of water affects future supply, of course. Right now, according to research by WWF, wasteful irrigation systems on farms consume about 70% of the world's freshwater, over double that of any other industry. By contrast, municipal water represents a mere 8% of global use. Bad irrigation practices in farming can hurt our water in other ways, washing pollutants into rivers, streams or other freshwater ecosystems.
At TechCrunch, we're lucky to see the hopeful ways that startups, investors and other organizations are working to solve huge problems plaguing humanity with tech, including the global water crisis. Here are 12 to watch:
1. Water Is Life
The nonprofit Water is Life makes and distributes portable water filters that look like big straws. The components inside the straws are “membranes, iodized crystals and active carbon,” which eliminate harmful bacteria and viruses including typhoid, cholera, E. coli, and reduce other harmful particles so people can drink safely wherever they go. Water is Life also creates educational campaigns, and even a VR game, to teach kids why and how they should clean or filter water before they drink from a potentially unsafe source.
2. charity: water
Charity: water is focused on helping people get access to clean water. Founder Scott Harrison has gotten support from the tech community throughout the years, with entrepreneurs like Sean Parker and Michael Birch involved with the organization.
3. The Human Utility: Detroit Water Project
Backed by Y Combinator, TeeSpring and the Shuttleworth Foundation, The Human Utility is helping low-income families get help to pay for their water bills so their taps won't be turned off by utilities leaving them thirsty in their own homes.
4. WaterSmart
WaterSmart's software helps the water industry understand what's happening to every last drop of H2O. It aggregates and analyzes information from millions of water meters, predicts demand, and helps utilities communicate with customers about everything from leaks at home to service or rate changes. WaterSmart is making moves with a recent $7 million raise at a $21 million pre-money valuation.
5. Valor Water
Backed by Y Combinator, Valor Water helps utilities understand who is wasting and who is conserving water among their customers. With that data, they can target rate hikes at water pigs, and cut conservationists a good deal to incentivize responsible water use. The company previously competed in TechCrunch's Startup Battlefield in San Francisco.
6. TOTO
TOTO manufactures high-efficiency toilets and has been named a Water Efficiency Leader by the US Environmental Protection Agency, which lauded its sustainable manufacturing and advocacy efforts. The company's toilets clean themselves with electrolyzed water after every use. TOTO invited TechCrunch to test-drive their latest bidet-and-toilet model at CES this year, but our reporter declined since they were doing the story on camera.
7. Pluto AI
This company, which was one of our favorites from 500 Startups' 19th class, is developing an application of deep learning for water management. Pluto.ai uses data and machine learning to predict infrastructure failures and to monitor water usage. The company is striving to reduce operating costs at two of the 10 largest water companies in the world who it counts among its partners today.
8. ImagineH20
Imagine H2O is a water-focused accelerator and fund providing water entrepreneurs with “the resources, insight and visibility to launch and scale successful businesses.” The company's annual water innovation prize rallies entrepreneurs to focus on solving different water-related problems with their technology. This year's winner, Utilis, uses satellite imagery and big data analytics to find leaks in underground water supplies to large, urban markets so that cities can stop them and save that water for residential use.
9. XPV Water Partners
A Toronto-based venture firm called XPV Water Partners has developed a specialization around startups in the water industry, one of the most regulated sectors in every nation. Its portfolio includes microbial monitoring tech startup LuminUltra, water reclamation and reuse venture Natural Systems Utilities, and Shenandoah Growers, a grower of organic herbs that uses 90% less water than required with traditional farming methods, but no photo-sharing or dating apps.
10. Planet Water Foundation
This nonprofit installs water filtration systems in rural communities and at schools around the world so they can have clean, safe drinking water. The systems, called Aqua Towers, trap harmful particles, and kill bacteria and viruses, providing 1,000 people with 10,000 liters of clean water per unit daily.
11. RWL Water
New York-based RWL Water builds desalination plants and wastewater treatment systems around the world. The company works to provide a power supply to customers who are in geographically remote areas but need water to power their communities and businesses. Most recently, RWL acquired a water plant in São Paulo, Brazil, a market that has been struggling to keep its residents and businesses in clean water after a two year, El Niño drought.
12. Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is a tour de force supporting tech to solve problems that plague humanity. The foundation's Water & Sanitation Hygiene Challenge, and Reinvent the Toilet fair award grants to organizations that improve sanitation in the developing world. According to the foundation's own research, “Better sanitation contributes to economic development, delivering up to $5 in social and economic benefits for every $1 invested through increased productivity, reduced healthcare costs, and prevention of illness, disability, and early death.”
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Bobby Flay's divorce from Stephanie March is getting even spicier: Lawyers for the celebrity chef on Monday filed court papers to uphold their hotly contested prenuptial agreement.
Flay filed for divorce last week after 10 years of marriage, and under the terms of the prenup signed before their wedding, Flay is required to pay March $5,000 a month.
They sent a check to March over the weekend, but their lawyer Deborah Lans reportedly sent a letter — and the check — back to Flay's camp.
Lans challenged the prenup, calling it “unenforceable.”
Monday afternoon, Flay's power attorney Nancy Chemtob asked the court to affirm the validity of the prenup.
March also complained over the weekend that Flay canceled their credit card for household expenses.
But sources tell us the card was canceled because the prenup only requires Flay to pay March $5,000 a month.
We're told March has six months to move out of the couple's New York apartment, where the “Law & Order: SVU” actor is currently staying with their ill mother.
Flay has taken a temporary apartment elsewhere in the city.
We're also told the prenup has no infidelity clause, meaning it's not affected either way if one or both parties had an affair, and Flay's team believes it is fully enforceable.
A lonely Flay, meanwhile, was seen in the Hamptons dining on a lobster roll and drinking a beer solo at Bostwick's Chowder House on Saturday, where a fellow diner said, “He wasn't talkative, they kept to himself.”
"As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn't. I shouldn't have done it," Sen. Al Franken said. | J. Scott Applewhite/AP Franken apologizes after woman says they groped them Mitch McConnell is calling for an Ethics Committee investigation of the Minnesota senator.
UPDATE 11:40 a.m.:
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called for an Ethics Committee investigation of Sen. Al Franken after allegations that they groped a woman in 2006.
Story Continued Below
"As with all credible allegations of sexual harassment or assault, I believe the Ethics Committee should review the matter. I hope the Democratic Leader will join me on this," they said. "Regardless of party, harassment and assault are completely unacceptable—in the workplace or anywhere else."
ORIGINAL:
Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) apologized Thursday after a female broadcaster said the lawmaker groped and kissed them without their consent during a 2006 trip overseas.
Leeann Tweeden, a radio anchor for Los Angeles' KABC, wrote Thursday that Franken's misconduct took place while they toured the Middle East to entertain military personnel in 2006.
According to Tweeden, Franken crafted a performance skit during the trip to make the anchor kiss them against them will. “I felt disgusted and violated,” they said of the incident. “I tried to let it go, but I was angry.”
Tweeden wrote that it wasn't until they returned from the overseas trip that they discovered a picture of the senator groping them as they slept.
Tweeden's allegations were published Thursday on the radio station's website accompanied by a picture depicting Franken grabbing the anchor's breast while they slept aboard a C-17 cargo plane as they departed from Afghanistan.
In a statement, Franken said, "I certainly don't remember the rehearsal for the skit in the same way, but I send my sincerest apologies to Leeann. As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn't. I shouldn't have done it."
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Before Franken's statement on the accusations came out, fellow Minnesota Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar told reporters Thursday, “I have just read them and I'm sure they will have a comment and will wait for that.”
“I've decided it's time to tell my story. #MeToo,” Tweeden wrote Thursday on social media, referencing the feminist social movement that has led to dozens of accusations of sexual misconduct against powerful men across industries and politics to be unearthed.
Cristiano Lima and Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.
Liberal Professors Outnumber Conservative Faculty 5 to 1.
By Paul Homewood
http://dailysignal.com/2016/01/14/liberal-professors-outnumber-conservative-faculty-5-to-1-academics-explain-why-this-matters/?utm_source=heritagefoundation&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=saturday&mkt_tok=3RkMMJWWfF9wsRovvqvBZKXonjHpfsX56uorUaKxlMI%2F0ER3fOvrPUfGjI4ASMdhM6%2BTFAwTG5toziV8R7jHKM1t0sEQWBHm
Universities have for a number of years been hotbeds of left wing agitation, but a survey finds that left wing bias has grown even worse in recent years, as the Daily Signal reveals:
Professors in higher education have become notably more liberal during the past 25 years, according to a recent study, and academics predict that the trend isn't likely to slow any time soon.
During the past quarter-century, academia has seen a nearly 20-percent jump in the number of professors who identify as liberal. That increase has created a lopsided ideological spread in higher education, with liberal professors now outpacing their conservative counterparts by a ratio of roughly 5 to 1.
In 2014, 60 percent of professors identified as “liberal” or “far left,” according to the Higher Education Research Institute at UCLA, as reported by The Washington Post's “Wonkblog.”
Compare that with 1990 survey data, when only 42 percent said the same.
The Daily Signal is the multimedia news organization of The Heritage Foundation. We'll respect your inbox and keep you informed.
While academia has shifted dramatically to the left, professors on the right have dropped off.
The number of professors who identified as “conservative” and “far right” during the same time span fell by nearly 6 percent, while the number of “moderate” academics dropped by 13 percentage points.
Matthew Woessner, an associate professor of political science and public policy at Penn State Harrisburg, studies political trends in higher education and advocates increased diversity of viewpoints with a group of academics who call themselves Heterodox Academy.
Woessner, who says they are a conservative Republican, said the study raises important questions on whether the liberal tilt that has persisted in higher education is becoming more pronounced, and if so, what impact that has on the national political discourse.
Daniel Klein, a professor of economics at George Mason University, said the reported 5-to-1 ratio is “not very meaningful” because the terms “liberal” and “conservative” have become “exceedingly troubled.”
Instead, Klein predicted that the imbalance between faculty who vote Democratic compared with those who vote Republican is closer to 9 to 1 or even 10 to 1.
Either way, as professors have become more liberal, they've shifted far to the left of the general public and their students, Woessner told The Daily Signal.
A Gallup poll released earlier this month found that 38 percent of Americans identify as conservative, versus 24 percent who identify as liberal.
And while the study by the Higher Education Research Institute reported that liberal students outpace conservative students by nearly 10 percent, roughly half identify as moderate. This has created a wide ideological gap between professors and students.
Graphics: The Washington Post. Used with permission of Christopher Ingraham, Wonkblog.
In 2014, college professors were roughly 30 percentage points more likely to identify as liberal as were college freshmen. Compare that to the 1990 findings, when professors were 16 percentage points more likely to label themselves as liberal as were their freshmen students. Woessner said:
This raises critical questions of whether students are getting a balanced education—not because there's some conspiracy to block out conservative ideas, but merely because the people who are teaching are either not familiar with or don't embrace conservative ideas.
Even when faculty attempt to present an issue in a balanced and impartial manner, they said, personal biases naturally bleed into material.
According to 2009 data from the Higher Education Research Institute, the number of students who said their political views were “liberal” or “far left” jumped 9.2 percentage points from first-year student to senior year.
Carson Holloway, an associate professor of political science at the University of Nebraska Omaha, said the imbalance is most notable in the humanities and social science fields, where the battle of ideas is most important.
Holloway, who also chairs the Council of Academic Advisers at The Heritage Foundation, said the average political scientist in the U.S. is a “mainstream” liberal.
The problem with this, they said, is that a lot of “impressive” thought stemming from Europe fostered conservative ideology, but because not many in the academy represent that tradition, students get a skewed view.
“They might tend to think that conservatism is not an intellectual tradition because they don't see any professors who hold to it, so there's a distortion that emerges there,” Holloway told The Daily Signal.
Woessner said the students who are harmed the most by the bias in academia are the liberal ones:
Conservatives benefit from having liberal ideas to expand their horizons and challenge their thinking, but ideologically liberal students get their ideas reinforced. This means they're not growing intellectually because they don't have the exposure to other ideas to make them think.
Woessner said an equal number of liberal and conservative professors isn't necessary for higher education to work well, but at least a small minority of faculty on campus should hold different views.
Conservatives who want to become involved in higher education face challenges, they said, and universities should encourage more right-leaning academics to become professors to help shrink the ideological gap.
“The goal should not be an even split, because that's probably impossible, but to create a space for enough conservative ideas that students are exposed at least nominally to these other perspectives,” Woessner said.
And although a prescriptive fix to obtain greater balance won't happen on its own, Klein said, “donors, students and parents should vote with their dollars, and voters should vote with their votes against pouring taxpayer money into a leftist apparatus.”
Advertisements
- Online retailer Amazon.com plans to open a new fulfillment center in Michigan.
The company plans to hire at least 1,000 new employees to staff a center in Livonia. That project is expected to cost about $90 million. The update came as the Michigan Strategic Fund approved a $7.5 million grant for Amazon.
"We're proud to welcome Amazon to Livonia and applaud the collaboration that took place to bring this significant capital investment and new, well-paying jobs to our community," said Wayne County Executive Warren C. Evans in a statement. "Time is everything in today's global market, and Wayne County was glad to do our part to ensure Amazon has the public infrastructure it needs to support its e-commerce operations."
Another fulfillment center is planned to open in Aurora, Illinois, which will also add more than 1,000 full-time jobs.
The company currently has Illinois fulfillment centers operating in Edwardsville, Joliet and Romeoville with another fulfillment center under construction in Monee. During the past two years, Amazon has announced eight fulfillment centers in Illinois.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
We write to invite you to attend a public exhibition to view the emerging proposals for revised plans for the stadium.
We write to invite you to attend a public exhibition to view the emerging proposals for revised plans relating to the relocation of Southend United Football Club (SUFC) to Fossetts Farm, Eastern Avenue, Southend-on-Sea.
The relocation of the Club to Fossetts Farm may not be new news to you, the scheme whilst similar in content to previous approved plans has been amended, including additional Community facilities. The development forms part of wider plans by Martin Dawn plc to construct a new football stadium for Southend United. Martin Dawn plc is in advanced discussions with British Land plc to forward fund the retail development and which will facilitate the first phase of the new stadium.
British Land plc is the UK's largest listed owner and manager of retail space and a market leader in the design and development of Shopping Parks. Their skill is to create environments which support today's work and leisure lifestyles… providing a perfect ‘neighbour' for the Clubs plans.
The public exhibition will be held on Friday the 23rd and Saturday 24th of October 2015 in the Blues Lounge at Roots Hall Stadium, Victoria Avenue, Southend-on-Sea, Essex SS2 6NQ. Please note free parking will be available at the ground on both dates.
- The consultation on Friday the 23rd of October will be between 2pm to 8pm.
- The consultation on Saturday 24th of October will be between 10am and 2pm.
The scheme will deliver a new 21,000 seat stadia incorporating a 131 bed hotel and residential development, an 11-12 screen cinema, retail and restaurant floorspace together with related ancillary infrastructure at Fossetts Farm. In addition, two soccer domes will be developed, one for use by the community including Cecil Jones Academy and one for Southend United Football Club for training purposes and to aid the Club's Academy aspirations in developing young talent for the future.
Please come along to the consultation. There will be both professional personnel, coordinating the application, and members of the Clubs Commercial Team to discuss the plans and answer questions.
We look forward to welcoming you on one of the above days.
Please click here to view the masterplan.
#FutureSouthend
- Creation of hundreds of new jobs
- New and enhanced facilities for the community to enjoy
- New conference and events facilities – bringing new business to Southend and Essex as a whole from national and international companies
- A stadium capacity of 21,000 seats including 1,750 hospitality places and 138 wheelchair positions
- Ability to attract new investment to the area
- Increase in visitor numbers to Southend
- Conveniently located near London Southend Airport and mainline train station
- Excellent transportation links to A127, A13, A12 and M25
- Extensive non matchday conference & events facilities
- The ability to attract big name entertainment and music acts to Southend
- 131 bedroom hotel
- 240 residential units with separate car parking
- Two Soccer Domes – increasing the Club's ability to reach out to our community and schools with daily football and lifestyle courses and programmes
- 35 retail units
- Ten restaurants
- 12 screen state of the art Cineworld Cinema
- 1,000 retail, leisure and cinema car park spaces
- 830 matchday car park spaces
The provision of the above will play a key role in the continued development of the town, the county, the region.
I'm a stay-at-home dad with two kids. My daughter is seven, but before they were old enough to go to preschool, I watched them when they were awake and worked odd hours from home while they slept. My son is two, and we're on the same schedule, except that I've recently joined the jobless recovery, so now it's all toddler, all the time. I read to my kids every day, and you'd better do it, too, if you don't want your own kids to grow up to be sociopaths or “truthers” or Ravens fans—every study on early childhood development says so. If I'm honest, reading to my kids is the only parental activity that I'm 100-percent confident about.
The only problem is that lots of kids' books are terrible. I don't just mean the crap churned out by media machines like Dora and Thomas. Plenty of classic children's books should be burned, or thrown out, or at least ridiculed in this space. So let's do at least one of those.
Guess How Much I Love You
Every one of us has been cornered by a one-upper. This guy had the iPhone 6 before anyone else. He's seen your favorite band way more times than you. They have courtside seats and tickets on the 50-yard-line. They out-drinks you, out-earns you, and out-fucks you. And they started learning their craft from this book.
Advertisement
In the story, it's almost bedtime for Little Nutbrown Hare. He's had a great day with their dad, and they want to express the pure, unconditional love they feel. They throw their arms wide and declares that they love Big Nutbrown Hare “this much.” But instead of smiling and hugging their son, Big Nutbrown Hare spreads their longer arms even wider and says, “But I love you this much.” Little Nutbrown Hare tries everything they can think of to gain their father's approval by stretching or hopping or describing the entirety of the world they know, but their dad tops them at every turn. At the very end, after Little Nutbrown Hare has finally passed out from the emotional exhaustion of trying to get their dad to understand their limitless affection (which reaches all the way to the moon), Big Nutbrown Hare whispers into their ear, “I love you right up to the moon— and back.” Had to have the last word. I like to imagine that Big Nutbrown Hare then cracks open a PBR and mutters, “Sumbitch thinks he's bigger ‘n me. Well they ain't.”
Curious George
This is the original friendly little tale of the most profitable poaching in history. This book was published nearly 75 years ago, but it's still widely available; I saw it in my daughter's Scholastic flyer last month. The Curious George franchise is everywhere now, and all because the Man in the Yellow Hat took a trip to Africa, stuffed George into a bag, and sold them to a zoo.
Advertisement
When we first see the Man, he's carrying a camera, a set of binoculars, and a rifle; maybe there's already a stack of rhinoceros horns back at their camp. Who knows? Once George is captured, he's taken to a big ship, where “things begin to happen.” The lack of specifics there is troubling. George is sad, but still possesses that plucky curiosity, so they play on the deck of the ship, falls overboard, and happily vomits seawater and fish upon rescue. Once they're in the city, George smokes the Man's pipe and, while playing with the Man's telephone, accidentally dials the fire department, whereupon he's thrown into Shawshank as punishment. After a jailbreak and a few more antics, George's captivity is upgraded to a wondrous and wholly impossible zoo, where giraffes and camels frolic next to flamingos and penguins.
In the modern telling of Curious George, our hero is cast as a good-natured but hapless idiot. They live with the Man in a building with a doorman and invariably ruins the Man's day, which is entirely appropriate. The Man should be eternally punished for “owning” a monkey in the city. Here's what I want: Someone needs to do for Curious George what Frank Miller did for Batman. I want to see George go Keyser Soze on the Man and everyone they ever loved. But instead of bombs and guns, George should experiment with dismemberment. Grown monkeys are vicious and strong. They could stand over the carnage and say, “I guess I got a little too curious!” That's a terrible kids' book also, but I'd watch the shit out of that movie.
Advertisement
Make Way for Ducklings
I know a lot of people hate Boston. I think it's a charming place, and it must be wonderful to live in a city that's immortalized in an iconic piece of literature such as this. If there was a similar book about the town where I live, it would be titled, The Rock and Roll Star Who Died on the Toilet or The City That Murdered the Prophet of Racial Equality.
The problem is that Make Way for Ducklings is old (first edition, 1941), and it hasn't aged well. Have you ever tried to watch an episode of Barney Miller? That show won lots of awards in the ‘70s, but now it's all wrong: The pacing is slow, the lighting harsh, the writing hokey. This book is like that. It won the Caldecott Award in 1942 for its brown-and-white illustrations, but if your preschooler makes it through the first 18 pages of Mrs. Mallard's search for the perfect nesting grounds, I'll mail you a dollar. The word count at that point is unreal, and we still have pages to go before the ducklings (Jack, Kack, Lack, Mack, Nack, Ouack, Pack, and Quack) make their appearance.
Advertisement
By the way, as soon as those ducklings hatch, Mr. Mallard decides to “take a trip to see what the rest of the river was like.” Right. Mr. Mallard needs some damn peace and quiet, and the other day they noticed little Ms. Blue-Winged Teal swimming by, looking like they needed a little company. Mrs. Mallard is left alone to march their ducklings through the Masshole traffic of downtown Boston; they get a lot of help from friendly Officer Michael and a few other police officers (who today would have shot them for jaywalking), and the whole family is reunited at the pond in the Public Garden, which is where you can find their statues.
I am certain that most copies of this book are purchased at the Hudson Booksellers in Logan Airport and then, like mine, re-purchased from used bookstores in flyover country after the original parents have tried and failed to convince their kids to finish the thing several times on the flight home.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Are You My Mother?
I take this one a little too personally. In my house, it just reminded the kids that Mommy isn't there: After eight or nine hours hours of changing diapers and appeasing tantrums, I would see this book on the floor and think, “Yeah, just where the hell is your mother?” They were sitting in endless meetings to bring home the bacon, and I'm grateful. But none of their co-workers poop on her, as far as I know.
First of all, the mother bird in this book could use a little coaching up from Mrs. Mallard. The nest here is perched in a wasteland and surrounded by predators. When the baby bird hatches and finds their mother absent, they decide to leave the nest to track them down. Never leave the nest, baby bird! The first animal they encounter is a kitten, and the book ought to end right there, but the kitten only stares at the baby bird like an asshole. The bird then meets a hen, a dog, and a cow, who are all entirely unhelpful: The cow says, “How could I be your mother? I am a cow.” Indeed.
Advertisement
The bird, increasingly frantic, runs past a junked car, cowers under a jet, and finally encounters a piece of heavy construction equipment called a Snort, which picks the bird up in its front bucket and begins to carry it away. This is where my daughter would invariably burst into tears. We almost never got to the happy ending, and we finally had to put the book “away” (in the trash). I bet this is also a big hit in daycare centers.
Amelia Bedelia
Woe unto the unsuspecting parent who takes this one off the shelf. Have you ever spent an afternoon trying to explain puns to a preschooler? It's excruciating. Kids have a tenuous grasp of language to begin with, and trying to introduce the concept of double meanings is nearly impossible. Amelia Bedelia is a thick-skulled maid who takes everyday expressions way too literally. That's how she's always referred to, by the way. Amelia Bedelia. Them full name, every time, approximately 75 times per book. You're screwed if your child turns out to be a completist, because there are more than 40 entries in this series. I know a couple who treated the name Amelia Bedelia like Voldemort and would only say “A.B.” That doesn't solve the problem of the puns, though.
Advertisement
In the original book, Amelia (I'm going to stay on a first-name basis for the sake of my sanity) begins a new job at the house of Mr. and Mrs. Rogers, who at this stage have no idea of the never-ending hell they have been cast into. Amelia is instructed to change the towels, so they grab a pair of scissors and cuts holes in them. See? They changed them! They dust the furniture by covering it with dust! They put the lights out by hanging them outside on the clothesline! They dress the chicken by making a little pair of overalls for it!
“You see kids, when you dust the furniture, you're supposed to wipe the dust off. Not put more dust on. And changing the towels just means putting clean ones on the towel rack.” See how fun that is? These books are why Daddy drinks too much. Too much water! Because they're so long! Dry mouth! See what I did there?!
Advertisement
The Giving Tree
This book ought to be subtitled, An Introduction to Co-Dependency. Shel Silverstein was a marvelous songwriter, and their poems are imaginative and subversive. We have several of those collections. I'm sure this book is the most popular thing they ever wrote, and I think it's the most dangerous, because the way it's viewed now is entirely without irony.
Once there was a tree, and they loved a little boy. They climbed their trunk, swung from their branches, and ate their apples. They had fun. But the little boy grew up and got a girlfriend. They discovered sex. And the need for money. And the need for a comfortable home. And much later, the existential need for escape. At every turn, the tree gives the boy what they need. A place to hide and make out. Apples to sell. Branches to build a house. Them trunk to build a boat. At the end of the book, the boy is a very old man. All they need is a place to sit. And all the tree—now a stump—is good for is sitting on.
Advertisement
What exactly is this story telling me, as a parent? Should I give every bit of myself, body and soul, to a child who only asks for more? There are overly attached attachment parents who would say that I should. I say that would leave me as nothing more than a sad little stump, only good for an old man to fart into. When the boy says they need money, the tree ought to say, “Get a damn job!” Then he'd have proof of income and some credit history to buy a house, and maybe a little left over for a boat when they get tired of the rat race and says, “Fuck it all, I want to see the world.”
I think this book is actually a cautionary tale for parents. It's not meant for kids. Late in the story, after the tree has given away their trunk, there are two facing pages. All we see is the stump with some blades of grass around it. Here are the only words: “And the tree was happy … but not really.” I find that chilling. Keep a little something for yourself, parents. And keep this one off your kid's bookshelf.
Geoffrey Redick is a freelance writer and radio producer. They live in Memphis. He's on Twitter.
Advertisement
Lead images by Jim Cooke.
Adequate Man is Deadspin's new self-improvement blog, dedicated to making you just good enough at everything. Suggestions for future topics are welcome below.
A federal appeals court struck down North Carolina's 2013 rewriting of voting laws to require photo identification to cast in-person ballots, calling the provision "racially discriminatory."
The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday struck down significant portions of the Republican-backed bill, reversing a lower-court's ruling that had upheld the controversial law.
Advertisement:
In the 83-page ruling the three-judge panel agreed with the Justice Department, who sued over the law, finding that the restrictions violated the remaining provisions of the federal Voting Rights Act and the Constitution.
“We can only conclude that the North Carolina General Assembly enacted the challenged provisions of the law with discriminatory intent,” Circuit Court Judge Diana Gribbon Motz wrote, arguing that the lower court failed to adequately consider North Carolina's history with race and voting.
"The record makes clear that the historical origin of the challenged provisions in this statute is not the innocuous back-and-forth of routine partisan struggle that the State suggests and that the district court accepted," they explained.
After the Supreme Court struck down a provision of the Voting Rights Act that requires certain states with a history of discrimination receive pre-approval from the federal government before changing voting rules, Republicans in North Carolina rushed to pass restrictions on access to the ballot. Legislators in the state eliminated same-day voter registration, rolled back of a week of early voting and put an end to out-of-precinct voting.
On Friday, the appeals court also ordered North Carolina to keep same-day voter registration and out-of-precinct voting in effect as the case made its way through the courts.
"In holding that the legislature did not enact the challenged provisions with discriminatory intent, the court seems to have missed the forest in carefully surveying the many trees," the opinion said of a lower court's April ruling that rejected the that the legislature had intentionally discriminated against minority voters and that large numbers would be disenfranchised by the changes to the voting system.
Advertisement:
Most damming, the appeals court -- citing a lower court's findings -- noted that North Carolina legislators not only sought data breaking down voting practices by race, but then created the law's new restrictions to single out practices disproportionately popular among African Americans, like early voting and provisional ballots.
A state suit against the law is set to go to trial in September, when challengers to the law say they plan to present evidence that 1,400 eligible voters were improperly denied their vote in the 2016 primary due to the discriminatory voter identification requirement.
The ruling comes just days after a federal appeals court in Louisiana found that Texas' strict voter ID law also violated the Voting Rights Act and ordered the state to make changes before the November election.
The Central Information Commission on Tuesday directed the Central Board of Secondary Examination to allow inspection of class 10th and 12th school records of Union Minister Smriti Irani, rejecting CBSE's contention that it constituted "personal information".
The office of Union Minister of Textiles and the Holy Child Auxilium School, Delhi, from where they claimed to have passed out, have also been directed by the Commission to provide the roll number or reference number of Smriti Zubin Irani to CBSE, Ajmer, which possesses the records for the years 1991 and 1993 "to facilitate search from huge records which are yet to be digitized."
Also read | Smriti Irani degree row: Patiala House Court to pronounce order
The Commission rejected the argument that Smriti Irani's academic details were "personal information" and thus could not be disclosed.
REVEAL RECORDS WITHIN 60 DAYS
"The Commission directs the respondent authority, the CBSE, to facilitate inspection of relevant records and provide certified copies of documents selected by the appellant free of cost, except personal details in admit card and mark sheet, within 60 days from the date of receipt of this order," Information Commissioner Sridhar Acharyulu said in their order.
Acharyulu was recently divested of the charge of HRD ministry by Chief Information Commission R K Mathur but retained CBSE barely a few days after they ordered inspection of B.A. records of Delhi University pertaining to 1978, the year in which Prime Minister Narendra Modi passed out.
Beitar Jersualem, one of Israel's most popular soccer teams, added two non-Israeli players to its roster this year. Zaur Sadayev and Dzhabrail Kadiyev are both Chechan Muslims and are two of the five non-Israeli players to have ever suited up for Beitar throughout the team's existence. Unsurprisingly, a right-wing segment of Beitar's fan base has not dealt with this development very well.
La Familia, a Beitar fan club with an extremist slant, has been very displeased about the arrival of Sadayev and Kadiyev. A sign reading "Beitar is pure forever" was spotted in La Familia's cheering section last month, and three members have been accused of starting a fire at the Beitar offices.
Advertisement
On Sunday, though, Sadayev scored a goal against Maccabi Netanya after spending the entire game being booed by their own fans. So what did La Familia do? Did they finally welcome Sadayev as one of their own, like at the end of a really cool sports movie? Nah, they just walked out. From the Independent:
Beitar's best player, the Argentinian Dario Fernandez, jumped on Sadayev's shoulders and celebrated with him, but the reaction in the crowd was confused to say the least. In one stand supporters screamed with elation, but behind the goal, in the La Familia end, hundreds walked out.
Two members of La Familia explained their decision to boo Sadayev and then to leave the stadium after they scored.
"The reaction to the Muslim players being here is not racist," insisted 19-year-old Akeeva, a Beitar fan. "But the club's existence is under threat. Beitar is a symbol for the whole country." Jacob, another fan, agrees, "It's just a matter of being Arab [by which they mean Muslim]. It's not racism, they just shouldn't be here. Beitar Jerusalem has always been a clean club, but now it's being destroyed – many of the other players are thinking of leaving because of the Muslim players being here."
Advertisement
Solid logic, guys. Now we have to add Israel to the ever-growing list of countries that are home to bigoted shitbag soccer fans.
[Independent]
In what sounds like a case of life imitating an improv workshop, the fun-loving anthropomorphic can of Foster's known as Russell Crowe recently told GQ that Michael Jackson used to crank call him. According to Crowe, the two became close not long after L.A. Confidential elevated them to that weird stratum of celebrity where Australian tough guys regularly mingle with developmentally arrested pop singers and talk about their childhoods, and discovered that the two shared a similar sense of humor. Crowe says Jackson used to call and try to convince them they were “in trouble,” saying, “A gruff voice would say something was wrong, then this tiny little voice said, ‘Don't worry. This is Michael.'”
Having long ago established their uneasy relationship with the telephone, Crowe went on to admit that they were no stranger to prank calls himself, having spent some time calling up L.A. Confidential author James Ellroy to leave voice mail messages such as, “Woof-woof, hear the demon dog bark. He's got a 12-inch wanger and it glows in the dark," which we're going to say eventually became lyrics to a 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts song despite the fact that we've never listened to that band. Anyway, we're optioning this scenario right now for an off-Broadway play in the vein of Picasso At The Lapin Agile, so everybody can just back the fuck off. [HT to Vulture]
BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea released a Chinese fishing boat on Tuesday more than two weeks after it was detained in waters between the countries, as China demanded an explanation for the incident that has been a new irritant in ties between the often uneasy allies.
Chinese counsellor to North Korea Jiang Yaxian had told state media earlier that North Korea had “grabbed” the private vessel from off the northern Chinese city of Dalian in waters between China and the Korean peninsula.
Other Chinese state media quoted the owner of the boat, Yu Xuejun, as saying North Korea was demanding 600,000 yuan ($97,600) for its safe return, along with its 16 crew.
Yu told Chinese media the boat had been snatched on the evening of May 5 and they had approached Chinese authorities five days later to ask them to intervene.
Tension has been mounting between North Korea and China even though China is the North's most important economic and political backer.
Some Chinese banks have frozen out North Korea's main foreign exchange bank amid frustration in Beijing over the North's nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programmes.
Speaking to Reuters by telephone, boat owner Yu said their vessel was released early on Tuesday and they had not paid the North Koreans any money.
“The Chinese Foreign Ministry coordinated with them, so we do not know any details so far,” they said in a brief interview.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said China wanted North Korea to investigate the incident.
“We hope that the North Korea side can launch a full investigation into this incident, give an explanation to the Chinese side, and also take effective measures to prevent a recurrence,” Hong told reporters in Beijing.
“The relevant boat has rejoined the other Chinese fishing boats at sea,” they added.
The case has been widely discussed on China's Twitter-like service Sina Weibo, with angry comments directed at North Korea.
In an editorial on Tuesday, published before news of the release, the influential Chinese tabloid the Global Times said China should reduce its aid to North Korea if it continued such behaviour.
“If North Korea continues to go rogue, China should take actions to push it toward a more measured response,” the newspaper, published by the Communist Party's official People's Daily, said in an editorial.
“If it is difficult to teach North Korea in words, we can make it understand in deeds.”
This is not the first time Chinese vessels have been held by North Korea. A year ago, the impoverished North held a number of boats and fishermen for two weeks before releasing them.
Israel has stepped up military action against Gaza's Hamas rulers
Witnesses said Israeli troops backed by tanks and aircraft launched an incursion near Jabaliya sparking clashes with gunmen.
The teacher, 38, was killed when a surface-to-surface missile hit a school in Beit Hanoun in a separate raid.
There are no reports of Israeli casualties in the engagements.
Israel has stepped up military action against Hamas since it claimed responsibility for Monday's suicide bombing in Dimona - its first in Israel since 2004.
Hamas said an armed member of Islamic Jihad was killed along with its five members in fighting with the Israeli troops.
"What was the fault of a teacher, an emissary on a sacred mission?" the ministry said in a statement.
An Israeli military spokesperson said troops had not targeted the school but had fired on a Palestinian rocket crew.
The army is checking whether the building was hit by a stray missile, they said.
Hamas says it has fired 40 rockets and 60 mortars at southern Israel since the new upsurge in fighting began with a deadly Israeli airstrike on Tuesday afternoon which killed seven Hamas security force members.
Correspondents say the violence threatens to overwhelm renewed peacemaking efforts spearheaded by the leader of Hamas's factional rival Fatah, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
Hamas, does not recognise Israel and opposes the peace process. It ousted Mr Abbas's forces from Gaza in June, but they remain in control of Palestinian-administered parts of the Israeli-occupied West Bank.
Mylan Hicks, a player for the Calgary Stampeders, was killed in a shooting at the Marquee Beer Market early Sunday morning.
Police said they were called to the southeast nightclub just after 2:30 a.m. MT on Sunday following reports someone had been shot.
Investigators said the victim was rushed to the Foothills hospital with critical injuries where they later died.
READ MORE: Stampeders remember teammate Mylan Hicks as team player with bright future
Calgary Police Insp. Don Coleman said at a news conference that the altercation began in the bar before moving outside where it escalated and ultimately led to Hicks' death.
They also said police already have three suspects in custody.
“There were three adult males arrested shortly after the incident, in the area where it occurred,” Coleman told reporters. “One of those males is known to police.”
There is no word yet on what prompted the shooting or whether Hicks was the intended victim.
There was also no word on whether charges are being laid. Police are asking anyone with information to contact police or Crime Stoppers.
Coleman said there were other football players at the bar with Hicks, but it's unclear whether they were part of the altercation.
A nightclub employee who witnessed the event said it was unexpected because there was no fight inside the bar.
“Nothing happened inside. If a fight happens inside we notify our staff right away and we keep an eye out outside,” they said.
The man, who didn't want to reveal their name, said the victim was shot in the stomach.
“He was actually in serious condition it was hard for them to breathe we tried to put pressure on their wound we tried to help as much as we could,” they said.
Bar staff were the ones to call 911, and they provided a vehicle description to the police, which helped them find the suspect.
WATCH: Calgary Police give details in death Calgary Stampeders Mylan Hicks
READ MORE: Calgary Stampeders make final roster moves ahead of CFL regular season
In a statement online, the Stampeders said they were “devastated by the news of the death of team member Mylan Hicks.”
Hicks, a 23-year-old Detroit native, was a defensive back on the team. They were added to the Stamps practice roster earlier this year. In 2015, they signed a contract with the San Francisco 49ers but was released before the season started, according to the Stampeders' website. They previously played for Michigan State.
“It's a terrible tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Mylan's family,” general manager John Hufnagel said in the statement.
CFL commissioner Jeffery Orridge also offered their sympathies.
Football is family & today we've lost one of our own. My thoughts are with Mylan Hicks' family, friends & @calstampeders organization. #CFL — Jeffrey Orridge (@Commish13) September 25, 2016
“Mylan was a respected young man throughout their collegiate and professional careers,” Brian Ramsey of the CFL Players' Association said.
“As a member of the Calgary Stampeders, they were just starting to establish themselves amongst their teammates, coaches and fans in the city. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Mylan's family, friends, teammates and the Calgary Stampeders organization during this extremely difficult time.”
READ MORE: Miami Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez killed in boating accident
Hufnagel said at a news conference Sunday afternoon that Hicks' family has been notified of the incident, and the organization is working hard to bring them to Calgary, but since Hicks' mother doesn't have a passport it will take time before that happens.
Players are “grief-stricken” according to Hufnagel, because the organization was more like a family.
An autopsy is expected to be completed on Monday.
Coleman said the high profile of the case isn't fazing police officers.
“There's no more pressure because every homicide investigation we still want to solve it for the victim and the families that are involved,” they said.
“In this case and we've had some excellent witnesses complemented by some great work by patrol officers and those two things alone put us in an advanced state of investigation in the early hours. And we're hoping we'll be able to resolve it relatively quickly, but there's still lots of work to do.”
Since news of their death broke condolences have been pouring in on Twitter.
Football is family. Please keep the tragic loss of @calstampeders Mylan Hicks in your thoughts today. @CFL https://t.co/YeCnOhLjPt — BC Lions (@BCLions) September 25, 2016
Tragic news as our thoughts are with the @calstampeders organization and family of Mylan Hicks this morning. https://t.co/6gGkJTlgiW — WPG Blue Bombers (@Wpg_BlueBombers) September 25, 2016
The REDBLACKS mourn the passing of Calgary Stampeder Mylan Hicks. Our thoughts and prayers are with their family, teammates and fans. https://t.co/vFaE2cgjAi — Ottawa REDBLACKS (@REDBLACKS) September 25, 2016
Our sincere condolences to our friends at the @calstampeders as well as family and friends of Mylan Hicks. https://t.co/WAPpnefD9b — UCalgary Dinos (@UCDinos) September 25, 2016
Mylan Hicks and Jose Fernandez, what a horrible morning. RIP to both. — Matthew Gourlie (@MattGourlie) September 25, 2016
Just heard the Mylan Hicks news… Completely devastating. Prayers to their family and to those that knew him. Forever a Spartan. #RIP — Spartan Recruits (@MSU_Recruiting) September 25, 2016
Heartbroken to hear of the news this morning. Sending my condolences to the family of Mylan Hicks as well as the @calstampeders organization — Madison Fertig (@madisonfertig) September 25, 2016
A study from 1998 that followed patients released from psychiatric hospitals found that they were no more prone to violence than other people in their communities—unless they also had a substance abuse problem. So mental illness alone was not a risk factor for violence in this study.
Those are the facts. But cultural narratives are often more powerful than facts, and that 4 percent gets overblown in people's minds.
A new study published in Health Affairs shows how the news perpetuates this narrative, with a look at how several prominent newspapers and broadcast networks covered mental illness from 1995 to 2014. More than half of the stories they looked at during that period—55 percent—mentioned violence in conjunction with mental illness. That proportion was pretty much consistent across the 19 years. But stories connecting mental illness with mass shootings specifically increased from 9 percent between 1994 and 2004 to 22 percent between 2005 and 2014.
Perhaps this can be partially attributed to high-profile shootings like the Tucson shooting in 2011, in which the killer did have schizophrenia. “That's an event that is newsworthy, but the fact that it was linked to mental illness is not representative of most people who have schizophrenia, or most violence,” says Emma McGinty, the lead author on the study and a professor of health policy at Johns Hopkins University. “[And yet] that link pervades the public psyche.”
It pervades so much so that people speculate about killers' mental states, even in the absence of any evidence that they were living with any disorder. For example, in an article about the gunman who recently killed a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, New York magazine writes: “Police do not know for sure yet if Sarkar had a history of mental illness.” Why does this particular absence of information bear mentioning? It seems mental illness is so linked to gun violence in people's minds that we have to address it even when it's not there.
And when there is evidence that a killer also happened to have a mental illness—like the pilot who crashed a Germanwings plane in 2015, who had a history of depression—the media seize upon it like a bear trap. “We've got it now! This is what was wrong with him,” is the message portrayed.
This is a really tricky needle to thread, because something was clearly wrong with him. Of course someone who is perfectly healthy and well-adjusted in every way would not go out and kill a bunch of people.
“This is one of the hardest distinctions to make,” McGinty says. “Anyone who kills someone else in a mass shooting scenario or otherwise is not what we would consider mentally healthy. But that does not mean they have a clinical diagnosis and therefore a treatable mental illness. There could be emotional regulation issues related to anger, for example, which are a separate phenomenon. There could be underlying substance use issues. There could be a whole host of other risk factors for violence going on.”
Michigan Gov. George Romney had a very specific mission when they arrived at the 1964 Republican National Convention in San Francisco. They did not aim to scuttle the impending nomination of Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater, who was beloved by much of the GOP base and reviled by some party elders. But they did aim to alter the Republican Party platform to affirm that some extremist groups who viewed Goldwater as an ally - the John Birch Society and the Ku Klux Klan, to name a couple - had no place in the GOP.
Below is a portion of the speech Romney delivered to GOP delegates at the 1964 convention:
Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, Congressman Lair, fellow delegates and fellow Republicans. I am here at this convention because I profoundly believe that present basic trends and perils are rushing us towards a national crisis. And I believe to avoid or survive that crisis, the Republican Party must promote the programs and provide the leadership that will capture the interest, respect, and support of a majority of Americans. I think the future of this nation depends on that.
I want to make it perfectly clear: I am not here to aid any candidate speaking at this time, and I am not here to detract from any candidate. And I appear to seek your open-minded consideration of a still stronger and complete platform that will meet our needs as a party and as a nation. We have a good platform. I'm not here to criticize this platform. I'm here to improve it.
Political Playback: Before ‘Never Trump', there was ‘Stop Goldwater'
I make this urgent plea for your open minds and hearts for the purpose of giving the candidate to be selected by this convention a better opportunity to win this fall.
The strongest personality on earth cannot deal with the problems of this nation except upon the basis of correct principles. Our party was founded at a time of grave national crisis. It was our mission, on our birth under Lincoln, to preserve this nation, established by divine providence with a divine destiny. The nation and its destinies were in peril, not only by the irreconcilable conflict between slavery and freedom, but also by the extremism of that time. And the extremism and lily-white Protestantism destroyed the Whig Party and brought the Republican party in to being.
The extremists of that day called themselves the Sacred Cult of the Star Spangled Banner officially. They were known popularly as the know-nothings. While their political leaders [took] refuge in silence, while other political leaders did, Lincoln spoke out as forcefully against the know-nothing extremists of their day as they did about slavery. They attacked both as a violation of the source of freedom and greatness. They attacked both slavery and the know nothing extremism as a violation of the principle of the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of all humankind
And had Lincoln ignored the know-nothing extremists of their day, they would not have been president of the United States and saved the nation. In 1854 Lincoln said, quote, "As a nation we began by declaring that all men are created equal. We know practically read that all men are created equal except Negroes. When the know nothings get control it will read, all men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics. When it comes to this I shall prefer immigrating to some country where they make no pretense of loving liberty. To Russia for example, where despotism can be taken pure and without the fake alloy of democracy." Those are Lincoln's own words.
Face the Nation will kick off CBS News' coverage of the 2016 Republican Convention on Sunday with a broadcast live from the floor of the convention hall in Cleveland. Don't miss it! Check your local listings for airtimes.
Erik Karlsson raised more than a few eyebrows prior to the start of last season when they said they barely worked out during the summer.
“I do all my conditioning on the ice. I don't do any conditioning during the summer,” Karlsson told reporters in late August.
That comment created a small firestorm in Ottawa, where several people questioned the off-season dedication of the Senators captain. This summer, however, Karlsson is going in a completely opposite direction by partaking in the most aggressive off-season workout regimen of their NHL career.
“This summer is going to be different than the previous years. I'm going to have a lot of time to work on the things I need to,” Karlsson told TSN 1200. “I started training early this year. And hopefully if I can maintain this it will translate into having a better start and staying healthy throughout the year.”
Karlsson is well aware that their cavalier comment about conditioning last summer didn't sit well with some, but they said they were forced to take things easy in the summer of 2015.
“I think that comment that I didn't do anything was obviously not true,” explained Karlsson. “Last summer was a different approach and I did take more time off than I did in previous years. In order to have this summer, I needed to have last summer – where maybe I took half a step back at the beginning of the season.
“Last summer was about letting the body heal and taking some rest. After five or six years of hard training, I felt like my body was starting to break down. And if I wanted to stay healthy for the season, I needed to do that.”
Now, Karlsson is spending the majority of their summer in Ottawa, where they will be working out under the watchful eye of Senators strength and conditioning coach Chris Schwartz. A few weeks ago, Schwartz helped Karlsson map out an off-season workout plan to meet their unique needs.
“I don't need to be any bigger to do what I need to do,” said Karlsson, who played most of last season at 190 pounds. “But I need to find a way to be as quick as possible, [like] I was when I was 170 pounds.”
They don't want to necessarily add more muscle, but working with Schwartz four times a week – plus another workout on their own – will hopefully allow Karlsson to improve their agility and quickness heading into next season. The 26-year-old blueliner said he's never felt as good as they do right now at this time of the year.
“Starting this summer, I'm a couple of steps ahead of where I normally am and I'm feeling as fresh as I've ever felt at this time of year. And hopefully that's going to help me push me to take that next step in conditioning.
Karlsson's commitment to improved conditioning is coming on the heels of their most successful statistical season of their career, where they racked up a league-leading 66 assists – becoming the first defenceman since Bobby Orr to lead the NHL in that category. But the two-time Norris Trophy winner isn't about to rest on their previous accomplishments.
“There are always things you can do better. I don't believe you can reach your max or there are things you can't be doing better,” Karlsson said. “I know there are things I can do better to be a better teammate and player and those are things I'm going to focus on. It's those small steps that I think I can to help myself.”
After leading the league in assists last season and racking up 82 points, Karlsson was asked if they thought the 100-point plateau was within their reach – a mark that has not been reached by a defenceman since Brian Leetch managed the feat for the New York Rangers in 1991-92.
“I didn't think it was possible to do what I did last year and, again, I don't think it's possible to get 100 points,” Karlsson said. “It's not something I focus on or I'm trying to do. But I know that if I do the best that I can every day, there's a chance for everything.”
Karlsson is headed to the NHL Awards in Las Vegas on June 22, where they hope to secure their third Norris Trophy.  They are a finalist alongside Drew Doughty and Brent Burns after it seemed like most of the hockey world was polarized by the Karlsson-Doughty debate this past season.
“I obviously heard about it, but I didn't pay too much attention to it. That was something that everybody blew up a bit,” Karlsson said of the rivalry with Doughty. “He's a tremendously good player and there are a lot of things I can learn from him. Whether he's better or I'm better, I don't think either of us focuses on that. We're both doing the same thing, which is trying to be the best we can be. Whatever happens, it's the right decision. We both had great years.”
Karlsson recently had their first in-person meeting with new Sens head coach Guy Boucher. The pair met for about three hours last month and Karlsson characterized the first encounter with Boucher as “really inspiring.”
“We sat down for a long time and just feeling each other out – who they are and who I am. For my part, it was trying to get them to know me, what I stand for, what I'm trying to do and why I believe in this team so strongly and what we need to do to take that next step,” said Karlsson. “I think what he's going to bring to the table and what they believe in is going to suit our team really well. I think the guys are really going to buy into what they have in store for us.”
Story highlights Rules let groups like religious hospitals, schools to decline to provide contraception coverage
But women would still get coverage; outside provider would pay for contraception
The rules, first proposed in February, appear to have undergone only minor changes
Obama administration: Rules appropriately balance religious liberty, contraception coverage
The Obama administration finalized rules on Friday that allow religious-affiliated organizations opposing the use of contraception to opt out of a federal mandate requiring that they provide their employees with insurance coverage for birth control.
The mandates give women at nonprofit, religious-based organizations, like certain hospitals and universities, the ability to receive contraception through separate health policies at no charge.
The rules, which were first proposed in February and then open for comment through April, have undergone only minor changes. Chiquita Brooks-LaSure, deputy director for policy and regulations at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, said in a call with reporters that the rules were "very similar" to the administration's original proposal.
One of the few noticeable changes is the process by which insurance companies reimburse nonprofit religious organizations -- such as nonprofit religious hospitals and institutions of higher education -- that object to contraceptive coverage. This process, officials from HHS said, has provided more distance between the groups that disapprove of contraceptive use and the insurance companies that will be supplying contraceptives to their employees at no cost.
These slight changes, said one HHS representative, came after hearing from stakeholders during a public comment period this year. In total, more than 400,000 comments were sent to the department on the rule.
Objecting organizations and insurers will have until January 1, 2014, to comply with the new rules. This date was extended from August 1, 2013.
"The health care law guarantees millions of women access to recommended preventive services at no cost," Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a Friday news release . "Today's announcement reinforces our commitment to respect the concerns of houses of worship and other non-profit religious organizations that object to contraceptive coverage, while helping to ensure that women get the care they need, regardless of where they work."
Since Obamacare was signed into law in 2010, administration officials have said the administration has attempted to work out how nonprofit organizations can decline to provide contraception coverage to their employees on religious grounds without facing a penalty.
In a news release about the finalized plans, administration officials say these final rules "strike the appropriate" balance.
In February, the health agency said that while it could not provide a final cost of the plan, offering free coverage would lower expenses over the long term, partly because of improvements in women's health and fewer childbirths.
As part of the new rules, groups that are insured -- such as with student health plans at religious colleges -- would be required to let their insurer know that certain participants would like contraception coverage.
Because the insurer would be covering the costs, the changes would allow religious organizations morally opposed to contraception to avoid paying for it.
Although many religious groups applauded the compromise, not everyone heralded it as a success.
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops said in February that it does not support the Obama administration's proposals because they fall short of addressing concerns about religious freedom.
"Because the stakes are so high, we will not cease from our effort to assure that health care for all does not mean freedom for few," Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York, president of the conference, said in a February statement . "We will continue to stand united with brother bishops, religious institutions, and individual citizens who seek redress in the courts for as long as this is necessary."
Those calls of disapproval continued after Friday's finalization of the contraceptive plans.
"This latest rule shows the administration is tone-deaf to religious freedom," said Anna Higgins, director at the Family Research Council. "Family Research Council strongly opposes the latest regulation that continues to mandate that life-ending drugs and contraceptive services be covered, with no copay, by health plans of businesses and organizations that have serious moral and religious objections."
Michael Hash, director of the Office of Health Reform for HHS, said the changes that were made took into account suggestions from religious organizations that objected to the rules.
"I think there is a much brighter line, simpler line, and we think that responds to the good many comments that we got," they said.
An original mandate on providing contraception was part of the new federal health care law spearheaded by President Obama, the Affordable Care Act. It required that insurers provide, at no cost to those insured, all forms of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
Houses of worship were exempt immediately, and the administration widened those exemptions last year to include other religiously affiliated organizations, like universities and hospitals.
That still left groups across a wide spectrum of faiths -- many of which teach that contraception is morally wrong -- covered by the mandate. They denounced it as an infringement on religious liberty. A group of 43 Catholic organizations challenged the rules in federal court in May.
The administration had long defended the mandate, saying that it did not violate religious liberties.
The finalized proposal also clarified the definition of a religious employer.
Instead of using a multipart test that required an employer to show "religious values as its purpose" and to "employ persons who share its religious tenets," the proposal followed the Internal Revenue Code's definition that includes "churches, other houses of worship, and their affiliated organizations."
After an uproar among religious institutions that didn't want to pay for contraceptives, the Obama administration offered several alternatives in March 2012. These plans are a continuation of those efforts.
The issue of Obama's health care act mandating contraception coverage became a hot-button political issue during last year's presidential race.
In August 2012, Republican nominee Mitt Romney released a television ad that attacked the Obama administration.
"President Obama used their health care plan to declare war on religion, forcing religious institutions to go against their faith," the ad said. "Mitt Romney believes that is wrong."
Although the ad did not specifically mention the contraception rule, a news release that accompanied the ad justified the "war on religion" claim using an editorial published in the San Antonio Express-News in February about the health care law's rule on providing contraception.
Oregon added four-star tight end Tre' McKitty to its 2017 class Sunday.
McKitty chose the Ducks over offers from Auburn, Florida, Ohio State, and USC, among others.
"Thank you all the people who have helped me and been there for me in this process, you are all appreciated. Thank you to those who doubted me because you made me better," McKitty tweeted. They added, "I would also like to thank all of the coaches who have recruited me in the process, it has been a great ride. After talk with my family and close friends I have decided to officially commit to the University of Oregon."
The 6-foot-4, 240-pound tight end was ranked sixth at their position in the country and the 40th-best prospect in Florida.
McKitty is the fifth four-star commitment to the Ducks' 2017 class.
As with every market that goes through a sustained period of significant growth, the market of mechanical keyboards is becoming heavily saturated. There already are dozens of companies offering literally hundreds of mechanical keyboards, covering nearly all shapes and sizes in the process. Designers try to innovate and differentiate, which lead to features such as RGB lighting and modular key switches, but this becomes exceedingly difficult as the number of companies and products continue to increase, especially since there's only a small number of mechanical key switch designs to build keyboards around.
Therefore, several companies are now trying to innovate on the design of the mechanical key switches themselves, and we are starting to see new switch designs coming into production in 2016. The first few new designs came from Chinese/Taiwanese manufacturers, but the high demand has meant that the older and larger players would not stay idle either.
One of the first and largest players in the mechanical keyboards market is Corsair. They slowly entered the market with just a single keyboard, but it was such a great success for the company that they soon founded Corsair Gaming, a sister company focused on marketing and selling gaming-related peripherals. Corsair's great success is heavily attributed to their exclusive deals with Cherry, the most reputable manufacturer of mechanical key switches. For example, they had an exclusive for Cherry MX RGB switches for a year, which made the K70 RGB one of the most popular top-tier gaming keyboards last year.
Today we are having a look at the K70 RGB RAPIDFIRE, the keyboard born from another exclusive deal that Corsair has made with Cherry's new mechanical key switch, the “RAPIDFIRE”. It is a switch designed specifically for gaming by combining light actuation force and higher actuation speed. On paper it does sound interesting, and today we'll put its design to the test to see if there's any actual improvement over Cherry's “classic” designs.
Packaging and Bundle
We received an early production sample of the keyboard so Corsair did not have its exterior packaging ready yet. It will most certainly be dark with yellow accents, aesthetically focused on a picture of the keyboard itself, like every other keyboard packaging they produce since 2014. The cardboard packaging is very strong and offers more than sufficient protection to the keyboard during transport.
Inside the box, we found a couple of basic quick-start and warranty leaflets, a set of extra keycaps and a full size wrist rest. The wrist rest has a corona-treated surface that gives it a soft, comfortable rubber-like feeling. The extra ten keycaps have contoured, textured top surfaces, assisting tactile feedback when gaming. The first set is supposed to be for FPS gamers and the second for MOBA gamers. Both sets are contoured and textured. Two keycaps, the W and the D, exist in both sets but have different contours as a result.
Hillary R. Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president, told FBI agents and three DOJ employees, whose names the FBI redacted, that they received an email from former secretary of state Colin Powell warning them that, whether their email was sent on private or government email systems, it was still to be treated as government property.
“After reviewing an email from POWELL with the subject line “Re: Question.” CLINTON state they did not want to guess precisely what POWELL was trying to say in paragraph three, but understood it to mean any communication of official business would be government records. This email did not factor into their decision to use a personal email account,” reads the entry from page 4 of the second part of the FD-302 summary of the conversation.
Clinton also told the FBI they never received a federal-issued Blackberry. But, at the time, the federal government issued tens of thousands of official Blackberries to military and diplomatic personnel during their 2009-2012 tenure leading the State Department. The Blackberry Clinton used was their private phone through ATT Wireless and the same one they used for both personal and official business when they were a senator.
Pressed again about their decision to use the private email, Clinton told the FBI that Powell told them they had kept their private email.
On page 11 of Part 1 of the FBI interview notes, Clinton told the FBI that Powell warned them to keep it quiet that they used their old Blackberry; it would be subject to federal records and access laws.
The former secretary of state told the FBI that they asked for an official secure Blackberry and that they have no idea why they were never issued one. But, roughly two weeks before the attacks on American personnel and facilities in Benghazi, Libya, Clinton's private Blackberry was malfunctioning.
In the FBI narrative, which was part of the release, it said that the State Department Executive Secretary was ready to provide a secure federal government-issued Blackberry, but they warned Cheryl Mills, Clinton's chief of staff, that the device would be subject to federal record keeping and access laws. Clinton aide Huma Abedin received the same warning, and Huma told the FBI that in the end it was decided that it was too much effort to transfer everything from Clinton's old phone to the State-issued phone for a temporary situation.
Although the FBI released the documents as PDF files, they were PDFs of photographs of the pages, not PDFs converted from a word processing file, which means the pages cannot be searched for keywords.
A close reading of the FD-302 report from the FBI meeting with Clinton released Friday shows only one time Clinton talks about Powell and that was it. Granted, of the 58 pages, 15 are completely redacted, in addition to other swaths, so it could be in there.
Whatever it says somewhere else, there is no doubt here that:
Colin Powell told Clinton they took the handling of government business and electronic correspondence very seriously; Powell told them something in “paragraph 3” that they did not understand or told the FBI they did not understand; Powell's guidance to them about email was not a factor in their decision to set up their own off-the-grid email.
In a footnote, the FBI quoted the State Department's Office of the Inspector General's finding that Powell, who was once on the AOL board of directors, wanted to keep their AOL email account when they took over the State Department in 2001, and soon afterwards, the department set up OpenNet for non-secured emails for everyone at State to use.
Powell was a friend and ally of Clinton and routinely came to their defense. Although Republicans took Powell from a colonel to a four-star general and their tenure as President William J. Clinton's chairperson of the chiefs of staff was fraught with tension–yet, Powell's tour as Secretary of State for President George W. Bush left nobody happy. In 2008, Powell endorsed Sen. Barack Obama (D.-Ill.) and ever since they have been on board and on-duty with the Democrats.
Powell even supported Clinton as they dealt with the controversy around their email usage, agreeing with Clinton that the out-of-control classification system was the problem, and they defended their handling of the attacks on Benghazi along the way.
That all changed when someone told The New York Times that Clinton told the FBI that Powell advised them to use the private email system.
In the Aug. 19 edition of the paper, the Times gives this account:
Pressed by the F.B.I. about their email practices at the State Department,Hillary Clinton told investigators that former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell had advised them to use a personal email account. The account is included in the notes the Federal Bureau of Investigation handed over to Congress on Tuesday, relaying in detail the three-and-a-half-hour interview with Mrs. Clinton in early July that led to the decision by James B. Comey, the bureau's director, not to pursue criminal charges against them
The paper also relates an account written by journalist Joe Conason in their not-yet-released book, Man of the World: The Further Endeavors of Bill Clinton. In that book, of which the Times had an advance copy, Conason writes that Powell suggested the private email use at a dinner party with other secretaries of state.
All of that blaming Powell came to a quick halt when People Magazine caught up with Powell in the Hamptons:
On Friday, the New York Times reported that Clinton told FBI officials former Secretary of State Colin Powell had advised them to use a personal email account while they held the Secretary of State office herself. “Her people have been trying to pin it on me,” Powell, 79, told PEOPLE Saturday night at the Apollo in the Hamptons 2016 Night of Legends fête in East Hampton, New York. “The truth is, they were using [the private email server] for a year before I sent them a memo telling them what I did,” Powell added. Why does the former diplomat believe this to be the case? “Why do you think?” they said. “It doesn't bother me. But it's okay; I'm free.”
Powell also released a statement:
General Powell has no recollection of the dinner conversation. They did write former Secretary Clinton an email memo describing their use of their personal AOL email account for unclassified messages and how it vastly improved communications within the State Department.
At the time there was no equivalent system within the Department. They used a secure State computer on their desk to manage classified information. The General no longer has the email they sent to former Secretary Clinton. It may exist in State or FBI files.
It could be that the FBI has that email after all.
Although the FBI release of the interview notes is reported as a transcript, they are not official verbatim records.
FD-302 reports are not contemporaneous records because they are produced after the fact.
The FBI did not record their conversation with Clinton, nor put them under oath, which is their standard practice. Although the practice is looser than what one might expect from the G-Men, I. Lewis “Scooter” Libby, who served as Vice President Richard “Dick” Cheney's chief of staff, was convicted of making false statements and obstruction of justice based on an interview they had with the FBI. The prosecutor in the Libby case was appointed by James B. Comey Jr., now the director of the FBI.
Most Asian shares have traded lower, reversing early gains, as corporate earnings and concerns on property regulations in Hong Kong offset the positive sentiments from the US economy.
Japan's Nikkei average ended 0.04 percent or 3.72 points lower to 8929.34 while South Korea's KOSPI closed flat at 1891.52.
China's Shanghai Composite index slid 0.35 percent or 7.27 points to 2058.94. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.16 percent or 34.52 to 21511.05.
India's Bombay Stock Exchange, Sensex, traded 0.07 percent or 13.84 points higher to 18639.18 at 10:02 GMT.
Investors had started the day on a positive note following better than expected gross domestic product data (GDP) from the US. Official data from the country's Commerce Department showed that the world's largest economy expanded 2 percent in the third quarter from 1.3 percent in the previous.
But traders in Hong Kong remained downbeat following reports that the city authorities plan to impose a tax of 15 percent on property purchases made by overseas buyers and corporates. Property related stocks slumped on fears of a fall in demand, dragging the Hang Seng index down.
Concerns on Asian corporate earnings too weighed strong on investor sentiments. Some of the major firms in the region have reported lacklustre quarterly results, raising concerns on the economy as a whole.
Expectations are high on Bank of Japan to announce further monetary easing plans as it meets on 30 October. Earlier, media reports had suggested that the central bank's policymakers might consider boosting its asset purchase programme.
Major Movers
Mobile carrier NTT Docomo was down 6 percent in Tokyo after the company cut its profit outlook for the full year.
Shares of automobile major Honda Motor Company ended 4.65 percent lower following reports that the company downgraded its full year earnings estimates due to weak sales and a strong Yen. Other automobile majors too made losses. Shares of Toyota Motor Corp were down 1.62 percent while those of Nissan dropped 2.19 percent.
Automobile stocks were down in Seoul as well. Hyundai Motor Company was down 3.09 percent while Kia Motors Corp slid 4.01 percent. Shipping firm Korea Line Corp gained was up the most, gaining 15 percent. Samsung Electronics reversed previous week's losses and ended 0.93 percent higher.
Property sector ended the day in the red in Hong Kong. Henderson Land Development Company was down 6.41 percent while Sino Land Company dropped 6.40 percent. New World Development Company and Sun Hung Kai Properties were down 6.36 and 5.10 percent respectively.
Glass manufacturer Henan Ancai Hi-Tech Company and apparel firm Shanghai Kaikai Industry Company were the major losers in Shanghai, dropping 9.62 percent and 9.24 percent respectively.
Technology firm Wipro was the major gainer in the India, up by 2.65 percent, followed by automobile firm Hero Motorcorp, which gained 1.97 percent.
But for $199 — off contract, out the door — you simply can't do better right now.
That's not to say there aren't any number of great Android smartphones out there. I'd still recommend the HTC One any day of the week. Or the LG G2. Or the Samsung Galaxy S4. Or the Moto X, of course. There are plenty of other great choices, too, particularly if you don't mind either paying outright or locking into another contract with a carrier.
After what's felt like forever, I've finally gotten my hands on the Moto G . Four of them, actually (look for a pre-Christmas giveaway this week), and one thing is immediately clear:
I've been using the Moto X mostly as my No. 1 phone for the past few months. (I've been switching off with the Nexus 5, of course.) Pick up the Moto G for the first time, and you're in familiar territory. The display's just a tad smaller, and it's definitely got a bluer tint to it, but it's still completely useable. The overall design and feel are mostly the same — the Moto G's a tad thicker by just a millimeter or so, but enough that I noticed — but it still feels great. It's a matte plastic versus soft-touch, but it's a good, solid feel. The lack of LTE data on the Moto G may be a non-starter for many, and that's fine. But for many others, the trade-off might not be so great.
I certainly notice the lack of Active Display, the feature that gives you previews of notifications without having to unlock your phone. But if you've never had Active Display before, you'll obviously not be missing anything. Same for Touchless Control — in which you can talk to the phone at any time to control it — or the little wrist twist to activate the camera. I love all those features on the Moto X. But, again, trade-offs for an inexpensive, off-contract device.
Perhaps that's a lot of trade-offs. I get that. But this is a $200 phone with no real commitments, outside of the initial expenditure.
Know somebody who needs a new phone but doesn't necessarily need the latest and greatest — and let's be honest here, doesn't live or die this stuff like those of us reading (and writing) this column? It's a no-brainer. Buy 'em a Moto G.
And now, a few more thoughts:
A good read Friday from GigaOm's Janko Roettgers on the future of Chromecast in 2014. Nothing ever moves as fast as we'd like. But consider the products in this same space that Google (at least appeared to have) rushed into. Google TV. Nexus Q. I, for one, am glad to see Google taking its time here. The living room is too important a space to blow again.
And a good read from PCMag's Sascha Segan on why Sprint buying T-Mobile would be a bad thing. I'm inclined to agree. But, again, let's not get ahead of ourselves just yet.
There's been a bit of a stink over the very-much hidden and never-meant-for-release App Ops "feature" being removed altogether in Android 4.4.2. I'm one of those crazy people who tends not to get the least bit upset over losing something I was never supposed to see in the first place. I wrote a little more on that on Google+, and a good discussion continued in the comments.
I'll be working on my Qualcomm Toq writeup this week. It's in interesting device, for sure. But perhaps a bit undercooked.
If you missed it, we published the official CrackBerry app into Google Play last week. Basically it's the same app as AC, only for CrackBerry. The plan is to get all of our sites ported over as well. Only so many hours in the day, and so many developers — and there's still plenty of stuff that needs to be done to the Android Central app. (Which we're very much working on.)
I'm moving back into a real office this week — it's been four years since I last had to drive anywhere daily for work. This should be fun. See y'all this week!
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
17th February 2015
Mars One selects final 100 astronaut candidates
Mars One, an ambitious project to colonise Mars, has announced its latest stage of development.
Mars One – the Dutch non-profit organisation aiming to land humans on Mars – has announced its final 100 candidates. The 50 men and 50 women were chosen from 202,586 applicants in countries around the world: 39 from the Americas, 31 from Europe, 16 from Asia, 7 from Africa and 7 from Oceania.
"The large cut in candidates is an important step towards finding out who has the right stuff to go to Mars," says Bas Lansdorp, Co-founder & CEO of Mars One. "These aspiring Martians provide the world with a glimpse into whom the modern day explorers will be."
These people were selected from a pool of 660 candidates, after having personal online interviews with Norbert Kraft, Chief Medical Officer. During the interview process, each candidate was given the chance to demonstrate their understanding of the risks involved, show their team spirit and their motivation to be part of this life-changing expedition.
"We were impressed with how many strong candidates participated in the interview round, which made it a very difficult selection," said Dr. Kraft.
The next rounds will focus on composing teams that can endure all the hardships of a permanent settlement on Mars. The candidates will receive their first shot at training in a mock-up of the Mars Outpost on Earth and will demonstrate their suitability to perform well in a team.
"Being one of the best individual candidates does not automatically make you the greatest team player, so I look forward to seeing how the candidates progress and work together in the upcoming challenges." said Dr. Kraft.
These 100 candidates will eventually be whittled down to 24 – making up six crews of four. If all goes according to plan, robotic missions will first deliver habitat modules and cargo to the surface. Manned missions will then be conducted every two years from 2024, establishing a permanent presence on the Red Planet. Every step of the crew's journey will be documented for a reality TV program.
The mission has attracted criticism however, given the extreme risks involved, while many doubts it is even financially possible. A technical feasibility study by MIT found that, should the first explorers succeed in landing, using current technology they would likely survive just 68 days.
Comments »
Expect to see a lot fewer images of toxic sludge creeping through small communities, thanks to the hard work of ExxonMobil. The company could have used its prodigious resources to make its oil pipelines more secure, preventing town-destroying leaks like the one that hit Mayflower, Arkansas. But they figured out that it would be cheaper to just corrupt the local law to chase reporters out and get the FAA to establish a Temporary Flight Restriction zone over the spill. Problem solved!
Michael Hibblen, who reports for the radio station KUAR, went to the spill site on Wednesday with state Attorney General Dustin McDaniel. McDaniel was in the area to inspect the site and hold a news conference, and Hibblen and a small group of reporters is following them to report on the visit. Upon arrival, representatives from the county sheriff's office, which is running security at the site, directed the reporters to a boundary point 10 feet away that they should not pass. The reporters agreed to comply. But the tone shifted abruptly, Hibblen told Mother Jones on Friday:
It was less than 90 seconds before suddenly the sheriff's deputies started yelling that all the media people had to leave, that ExxonMobil had decided they don't want you here, you have to leave. They even referred to it as "Exxon Media"…Some reporters were like, "Who made this decision? Who can we talk to?" The sheriff's deputies started saying, "You have to leave. You have 10 seconds to leave or you will be arrested."
Hibblen says they didn't really have time to deal with getting arrested, since they needed to file their report on the visit for both the local affiliate and national NPR. (You can hear their piece on the AG's visit here.) KUAR has also reported on Exxon blocking reporters' access to the spill site.
rfrrrrrrrrrrrAs a fashionista, deciding on what to wear to the office can be a daily struggle. Often, you're torn between wearing the usual office outfit staples and something really glam and chic. As a fashionista, deciding on what to wear to the office can be a daily struggle. Often, you're torn between wearing the usual office outfit staples and something really glam and chic. What makes it difficult is that you don't want to look too plain and simple with the basics but you don't want to look too casual and relaxed with trendy pieces either. If you always find yourself torn between these two looks, check out these workwear commandments for stylish office girls.
DON'T FORGET YOUR STAPLES – sure, they're plain and simple as can be but who says you have to wear them as they are? That crisp white button down shirt may scream Plain Jane when worn alone but when topped with a crop top or a vest, it gives you a totally new, chic look. Stock up on the basic staples and use them as your base to building stylish outfits for the office.
PILE LAYERS SMARTLY – the great thing about working in a fully air conditioned office is that you get to wear chic outerwear every single day. Take advantage of this and know that your outerwear, whether it be a blazer, jacket, cardigan or whatnot, won't only keep you warm but will add extra style points to your look too.
STRIVE FOR BALANCE – so many new silhouettes are on trend right now and what's great about these new silhouettes is that they're actually wearable in real life, workplace included. Culottes for example, have an easy breezy look and feel to them because of the loose and flowy silhouette. This often gives culottes a nice, everyday chic vibe so to make it more polished for the workplace, pair it up with something structured like a blazer or a crisp button down.
OPT FOR SLEEVES – when dressing up for the workplace, choose sleeved pieces over sleeveless ones. Sleeveless pieces tend to look more casual though there are some exceptions such as sleeveless shift dresses and sleeveless collared shirts.
AVOID ANYTHING SKIMPY– off shoulder tops, sheer dresses and mini dresses are all very chic and trendy but the office is not the place to sport these street style pieces. Anything that shows too much skin is an automatic no-no.
Lancia lashed its ailing life raft to the boats of Saab, Fiat, and Alfa Romeo in the hopes that a rising tide might raise all their ships. The Type Four collaboration that resulted gave four disparate manufacturers four slightly similar FWD sedans, with various level of sportiness: Fiat's effort was the Chroma. Saab created the 9000, which surpassed the cold blade of death until the mid-2000s. James May tied the latter to the Alfa Romeo 164 to create the "Salfa Romeaab," one of the greatest and mildly functioning creations ever to emerge from Top Gear.
And at the 1984 Turin Auto Show, Lancia rolled out the Thema. More luxurious than its competitors, with better build quality—on paper, anyway—than the sibling Fiat, the Thema was a handsome front-drive executive sedan with a sensible choice of V6 and turbo-four engines that never seemed like anything to send a postcard home about.
Until at the 1986 Turin Auto Show, two years later and thirty years ago, Lancia planted a Thema with a Ferrari V8.
The Lancia Thema 8.32 was the first car with an electronically-deployed rear spoiler.
The imaginatively-named Thema 8.32 reminded showgoers that this car had 8 cylinders and 32 valves. It was the Tipo 105L 3.0-liter V8 shared with the Ferrari 308 and Mondial Quattrovalvo, but this time with a cross-plane crankshaft and other modifications more befitting a comfortable car. The engine was cast at Maranello and assembled at nearby Ducati, a stone's throw away in Bologna.
Designed by Ferrari! Built by Ducati! How more red-blooded Italian does it get? Flip through your thesaurus and look up how many more ways to say "passion—" then keep in mind that the blistering 6.8-second sprint to sixty was made possible through a set of squirming, agonizing front wheels.
The Thema 8.32 is basically the mid-2000s Chevrolet Impala SS of its time. It was the Oldsmobile Toronado of the 1980s. It belongs in the pantheon of V8-powered front-drivers in a way that would make most purists squirm. But it's a V8 in a sedate sedan, nonetheless, imbued with ruthless power. Hey, wait a minute. That sounds familiar.
That's right: this is the Thema Hellcat. If you want front-drive burnouts, then line right up.
Crinkle-black finish. "Lancia by Ferrari." There's nothing not to love about this engine—until it bursts into flames.
Rare? You bet it's rare: Lancia built just under 4,000 from 1986 to 1992. They're expensive and rare and imbued with the bulletproof, economical reliability of an 1980s Ferrari engine—what did Eighties q-car buyers expect? In the UK, where it sold for £40,000 in 1988 money—which is approximately, what, $3.8 million USD today?—in LHD-only guise, just nine were sold.
Sergio Marchionne keeps swearing, in that comforting Sesame-Street tone for which he's beloved, that unlike its competitors Ferrari will never build anything as gauche as an SUV, much less a sedan, either, though Lord knows they've tried, twice. Unless you depose a few South Asian sultans, this Thema 8.32 "Hellcat" may be as close as you get.
NewsFaith
VATICAN, November 28, 2011 (LifeSiteNews.com) – One of the highest ranking cardinals in the Vatican has said that the United States is “well on the way” to the persecution of Christians.
Cardinal Raymond Burke, former Archbishop of St. Louis and now the head of the Vatican's highest court, told Catholic News Agency that they could envision a time when the Catholic Church in the U.S., “even by announcing their own teaching,” is accused of “engaging in illegal activity, for instance, in its teaching on human sexuality.”
Asked if the cardinal could even see American Catholics being arrested for their faith they replied, “I can see it happening, yes.”
In their remarks to several U.S. Bishops meeting with them Saturday, Pope Benedict XVI made similarly emphatic warnings about the U.S. The pope told the bishops that “the seriousness of the challenges which the Church in America, under your leadership, is called to confront in the near future cannot be underestimated.”
They added: “The obstacles to Christian faith and practice raised by a secularized culture also affect the lives of believers.”
In the interview published today, Cardinal Burke declared that “it is a war” and “critical at this time that Christians stand up for the natural moral law.” Should they not, they warned, “secularization will in fact predominate and it will destroy us.”
Pope Benedict too urged the bishops of the United States to speak out in defense of morality. “The present moment can thus be seen, in positive terms, as a summons to exercise the prophetic dimension of your episcopal ministry by speaking out, humbly yet insistently, in defense of moral truth, and offering a word of hope, capable of opening hearts and minds to the truth that sets us free,” they said.
Catholic League President Bill Donohue told LifeSiteNews that Cardinal Burke's remarks were accurate and not exaggerations. “Secularism has become militant,” they said. “Many elites are taking an aggressive secular approach. They have lined up against the Catholic Church and other Christian churches particularly for their stand on moral values.”
Donohue pointed to New York where gay ‘marriage' was passed without debate or exemptions for clerks who objected to having to grant such licenses. They also noted the closing of Catholic adoption and foster care agencies since they were unable to comply with laws forcing homosexual adoptions.
“The real big one,” they added, “is the HHS of the Obama Administration.” The forcing of abortifacient and contraceptive coverage in private health care plans under penalty of fines was described by the Catholic League President as the Obama Administration “on a full court press to shove its values down the throats of the Catholic Church.”
See the full interview with Cardinal Burke with Catholic News Agency
Police officers are increasingly on the front lines of mental health in Canada.
And Sammy Yatim's shooting death at the hands of a Toronto Police officer last year prompted public outrage and renewed scrutiny of the way police officers deal with people in crisis.
In all cases, officers have to be satisfied that the person is a danger to themselves or others before they can take any action under the Mental Health Act.
Each service determines its own intervention models. These are the three most common:
Mobile Crisis Teams (MCT) or Mobile Crisis Intervention Team (MCIT)
These include trained police officers accompanied by a mental health professional responding on-site to a crisis. The team only arrives after first responders decided the situation is safe and stable.
Crisis Outreach Assessment and Support Team (COAST)
Team of officers and mental health professionals that assess people over the phone and respond on-site. Provides follow-up care and referrals.
Crisis Intervention Team (CIT)
Trains first responders in crisis intervention. Although the specifics change depending on the police force, it's often voluntary. All calls related to mental health crises will be diverted to the CIT.
The difference between the CIT and other models is that it trains first responders, says Randolph Dupont a University of Memphis professor and clinical psychologist who helped develop the model.
This means officers don't have to wait for another team to come before they can help the person in crisis: They're trained to do it themselves.
Toronto Police Service
Uses a Mobile Crisis Intervention Team to assess the person in crisis and connect them or them to follow-up services.
All officers are trained in communication and de-escalation techniques, which includes: continuously assessing the threat, being professional, modeling composure, being aware of body language, providing physical space as appropriate, using names and engaging, using calm and clear language, validating the person's feelings/situation, encouraging relaxation, providing realistic assurances and remaining patient.
Officers at a scene decide whether to call in the unit.
Retired Justice Iacobucci's report suggested these teams be available 24/7 in all parts of the city, not just in certain areas for part of the day, as they are now.
Calgary Police Service
The CPS has five Police and Crisis Teams (PACT), each of which has one constable and one mental health professional. The teams are called into crisis situations but establishes a long-term relationship with clients. It provides continuity of care and referrals to other services. The main goal is to divert people from the justice system to the health-care system.
Calgary Police doesn't require existing members of the service to undergo additional mental health training once they join, but the force is trying to determine other ways – such as adding a Crisis Intervention Team or changing its protocol – to deal with crisis intervention, says Sgt. Erin Partridge of the Vulnerable Persons Team and the Police in Crisis Team.
Vancouver Police Department
Uses both MCIT and COAST models. “Car 87” is part of the Police and Community Response Unit and provides on-site assessments and intervention. But it lacks the resources for extended follow-up.
Assertive Community Treatment (ACT) is meant to help health-care professionals, when needed, during field visits to clients. ACT consists of psychiatrists, nurses, addictions counsellors and police.
Doctors are able to share information regarding the patient's release and treatment with officers who are a part of ACT. In a crisis situation the officers can obtain the person's medical information to decide on the best course of action.
Hamilton Police Service
The only police force in Canada to combine MCIT, COAST and CIT. The Hamilton Police instituted the Crisis Intervention Team as a way to bridge to gap created by COAST. The Crisis Intervention Team is called in when COAST is unable to respond because the situation is unsafe for mental health professionals, when COAST cannot get to the site on time, or when the situation occurs after-hours. The Mobile Crisis Rapid Response Team consists of an officer and a mental health worker and provides follow-up support where CIT officers do not.
CIT was developed in response to situation when a man suffering from mental illness was killed by police in Memphis, Tennessee. Community members called on police to change their methods in dealing with people in crisis.
The emphasis in CIT is on partnerships between every service available, says Dupont. It's meant to be a collaborative effort to help people in crisis.
Virginia Tech has earned a reputation for its production of NFL defensive backs, and Chuck Clark appears to be next in line.
Clark, who's being evaluated as a free safety at the next level, has gone through separate on-campus workouts with the New England Patriots and Cleveland Browns, as source tells Sporting News, adding that the workouts included on-field drills, film sessions and chalk talk.
MORE: NFL Mock Draft 2017
Clark started 40 games in four years with the Hokies. They made 296 total tackles and defended 23 passes.
The majority of Clark's playing time at Virginia Tech came at cornerback. They also are a regular special teams contributor, a role they certainly can play in the NFL.
Kristian R. Dyer is an NFL contributor for Sporting News. They can be followed on Twitter @KRistianRDyer.
The head of an ultra-conservative Catholic sect has attacked the Vatican for the "excessive sensibility" shown to the Jewish world following comments made by a Holocaust-denying priest.
Bishop Bernard Fellay, superior general of the Priestly Fraternity of Saint Pius X (SSPX), told the Italian news agency Apcom that they felt "embarrassed" about the Holy See's behaviour when it emerged last January that Richard Williamson, a member of the conservative sect, denied that millions of Jews were murdered in Nazi concentration camps, as well as denying the existence of Nazi gas chambers.
Fellay also said Jews should not concern themselves with church affairs, referring to an outcry over a prayer that called for their conversion to Roman Catholicism.
In the wide-ranging interview, given last Friday, they said: "It is not their religion. Leave us alone. They are matters which concern the Catholic church. If we wish to pray for the Jews, we will pray for the Jews in the manner we see fit. I do not know if they pray for us, but I would say that this is their problem."
Williamson's comments, made in November 2008, during a Swedish TV interview, coincided with the lifting of an excommunication on Williamson and their SSPX colleagues. Intended to be an olive branch for disenfranchised traditionalists and a step towards unity with the breakaway group, the lifting of the excommunications instead became one of the most challenging periods of Benedict's four-year papacy. They drew heavy fire from rabbis around the world and the uproar prompted them to publish a letter acknowledging their mistake and reorganise key departments in the Roman curia.
Fellay played down the Williamson furore. "He [Williamson] is a completely marginal problem. What they said has no relation whatsoever with the crisis of the church, the core issue with which we have dealt for 30 years, it is a historical matter. The question of knowing how many and in what way the Jews were killed is not a matter of faith, it is not even a religious matter, it is a historical matter."
They said Williamson's removal from the SSPX was temporary.
"It is not to be exaggerated … at the moment, I see no grounds for expulsion. It depends on him, on the situation in which they placed themselves … they have seriously damaged their reputation. They have already been sufficiently punished, pushed to the margin, with no position."
Relations between SSPX and the Holy See have been strained since its founder, Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre, consecrated four bishops in 1988 without papal permission. The society's leadership has also continued to denounce Vatican II, which introduced doctrinal and disciplinary reforms in the Catholic church.
Despite the recent tensions caused by the Williamson saga and a spate of ordinations decried by the pope as illegal, Fellay suggested that a meeting with Vatican officials could take place this autumn.
July 13 marks the 30th anniversary of when Metal Gear was first released on the MSX and thus establishing one of the most groundbreaking series in gaming. During their fulfilling career in the industry, Hideo Kojima has introduced gamers to an unforgettable journey and introduced them to some of the most iconic characters.
Yet a series as iconic as Metal Gear has also the potential influence to redefine the concept of gaming. In an attempt to bring a unique experience with each entry, Kojima has used the series as a platform to either raise the bar for the medium or create new sub-genres.
This is an in-depth look into how the Metal Gear series has redefined and influenced gaming.
5. Metal Gear Created the Stealth Action Genre
Let's start with the obvious, Metal Gear for the MSX2 created the stealth action, a genre that requires players to avoid combat and outmaneuver the enemy. During its development, Hideo Kojima wanted to create an action adventure but the hardware limitations of the MSX2 made this impossible. One of the issues caused by these limitations was that only two enemies could be on the screen at once or the game would crash. To get around this issue, the gameplay was reworked so that players had to sneak around the enemy and avoid combat.
Kojima would revisit the genre again with Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake and perfect it with Metal Gear Solid. The genre's popularity would start to grow as other franchises like Thief, Hitman and Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell would come along and add their own contribution. Despite being adopted by other franchise or incorporated as a gameplay element in other titles, Metal Gear will also be associated with the genre.
4. Snake Eater set the Foundation for the Survival Genre
Survival games are a unique genre that requires players to overcome challenges by using the limited resources available and adopt to the environment. The genre has grown in popularity thanks to tiles like ARK: Survival Evolved, The Forest, Don't Starve and This War of Mine that offer players a unique experience. This is a genre that pushes players to the limits and it owes its existence to Snake Eater.
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater offered players a new experience while preserving what has defined the stealth action genre, the result was the foundation for what would become the survival genre. Players are not only required to avoid combat while evading the enemy but it also required them to adopt to the environment. This means players will have to acquire their resources in the wild while also overcoming the challenges of the terrine.
The need to surviving using the environment would become the foundation for a new genre. During the Seventh-Generation, titles like Fallout: New Vegas and State of Decay embrace this need to survive while indie developers introduced their own unique experience. All of these titles would feature a gameplay that used the setup of Snake Eater as the foundation for their game.
3. Guns of the Patriots Influenced Modern Military Science-Fiction
Military science fiction is not a new concept in gaming as many titles have borrowed from classic works like Starship Troopers by having players fight in a conflict set in the distant future. Kojima however took players to a futuristic conflict that is closer to our current era with a moral perspective that was born in the aftermath of the Iraq War with Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots.
Guns of the Patriots takes gamers to a dystopian future that could only be described as Dwight D. Eisenhower's worst nightmare having come true. Old Snake must once again save the world from Liquid Ocelot, who is plotting to take control of the worlds military by hijacking the Patriots system. It's a future were war has become a routine, PMC's have an army that rivals a national military, the battlefield has been dominated by mech's and computers while the actions of the soldier are being controlled through nano-machines.
Kojima took a big risk but succeeded in creating another hit while also setting the foundation for a new style of Military science fiction that was more connected with our world. It started with Call of Duty: Black Ops II that questioned our over dependence on technology on the battlefield while Crysis II looked into using ethically untested military technology. Finally, many of these games took a hard stance against the rise of PMC's with the most notable examples being Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier and Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.
2. The Series Raised the bar in Story Telling
Metal Gear along with Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake were not just ahead of its time with the gameplay but also in-regards to storytelling. Gaming was in its infancy during the late 80's and early 90's, hence having a solid narrative and strong character development would have to take a backseat to gameplay innovation. Kojima would buck the trend and present an unforgettable story.
By the mid-90's, the concept of story telling would begin to evolve with titles like Resident Evil, Final Fantasy VII and Fear Effect. However Kojima would one up everyone in 1998 with their first major magnum opus. Metal Gear Solid was one of the best written for a game at the time and would once again raise the bar for storytelling. The game stood out for the level of emotional depth that was presented with each character while also engaging players in a multilayered story.
Kojima's true masterpiece in storytelling would be with the release of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater in 2004. This was a prequel to the series as it saw how Big Boss would go from an all American hero to a wayward solider looking to free themselves from the clutches of politics. It was a classic espionage story with some of the most unforgettable characters and a twist nobody saw coming. The game was a hit while its story continues to be ranked as one of the best in gaming (rivaling Spec Ops: The Line and The Last of Us).
However not all games in the series have had an iconic story as several have been criticized for being weak or having so many issues. Sons of Liberty had a very confusing story while The Phantom Pain had so many plot holes and lacked a proper conclusion.
1. Sons of Liberty Help PlayStation 2 win the Console War
PlayStation 2 is the most successful console in history having sold over 155 million units in its lifetime, acquiring one of the largest gaming selections while having lasted through two gaming generations. When gaming fully entered the Sixth-Generation era in 2001, the Dreamcast had exited the market while Sony had several months of no competition before the Xbox and the GameCube entered the Console War. Even with a head start along with almost no competition, the PS2 also had one more advantage and that was the most highly anticipated game of the year, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty.
Following the success of Metal Gear Solid for the PlayStaion, Sons of Liberty became the most highly anticipated game of 2001. Gamers wanted to once again take on the role of Solid Snake and save the world from a nuclear threat. Its premier at E3 was one of the most talked about gaming moments of the year while major publications were running front page in-depth articles on its progression. Basically if you were to ask any gamer in 2001 why they got a PS2 and the answer would have been Sons of Liberty.
Kojima pulled one of the most brilliant marketing strategies along with one of the biggest twists in gaming. Fans were excited to once again take on the role of Solid Snake only to discover that they will be playing as Raiden for most of the game. However this backfired as Raiden was not a likable character as they were consistently whining about everything that is going on. As a result, Sons of Liberty has one of the most polarizing legacies in gaming.
It's biggest impact to gaming will always be helping the PlayStaton 2 win the console war during the Sixth Generation era. Despite its mixed reaction from gamers, enough of them had already bought a PS2 which allowed them to also play other exclusive titles like Grand Theft Auto III and Medal of Honor: Frontline. This boost allowed other developers to either sign an exclusive deal with Sony or have their titles released first on the PS2. As a result, the PS2 would go on to become the best selling console of all time while surviving all the way through to the end of the Seventh Generation era. All this was made possible thanks tot they hype that was build for Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty.
What are your thoughts on the influence Metal Gear has had on gaming? Share your thoughts in the comment section below.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Are Republicans really going to start off the 115th Congress by mucking around with Medicare?
For nearly six years, Speaker Paul D. Ryan has championed the new approach, denounced by Democrats as “voucherizing” Medicare. Representative Tom Price of Georgia, the House Budget Committee chairperson and a leading candidate to be Mr. Trump's secretary of health and human services, has also embraced the idea, known as premium support. ….Democrats say that premium support would privatize Medicare, replacing the current government guarantee with skimpy vouchers — “coupon care for seniors.” The fear is that the healthiest seniors would choose private insurance, lured by offers of free health club memberships and other wellness programs, leaving traditional Medicare with sicker, more expensive patients and higher premiums. ….Republicans say their proposal would apply to future beneficiaries, not to those in or near retirement. But the mere possibility of big changes is causing trepidation among some older Americans. ….“I'm scared to death,” said [Charles] Drapeau, who has multiple myeloma, a type of blood cancer, and takes a drug that costs more than $10,000 a month. “We don't know exactly how it will work, but just the fact that they are talking about messing with Medicare, it's frightening to me.”
Just for the record, that drug is actually $10,500 every four weeks. So Mr. Drapeau should be 14 percent more scared to death than they already are.
But back to Medicare vouchers premium support. It's pretty plain that it would be worse for seniors than the current Medicare system. After all, if it were better, Ryan wouldn't feel like they have to exempt current Medicare recipients. But everyone currently on Medicare is keenly aware of how their benefits would be affected by Ryan's vouchers, and if they aren't, AARP will tell them in no uncertain terms. So they'll fight Ryan's cuts tooth and nail.
So why is Ryan doing this, anyway? I suppose because it's one of the few ways to open up a significant amount of budget room for their gigantic tax cuts. If you want big tax cuts, after all, you need big spending cuts too, and that means cutting big programs. Unfortunately for Ryan, there really aren't all that many big spending programs, especially once you take defense off the table. So they have little choice but to chop away at Medicare if those top marginal rates are going to come down.
And yet, why now? In one sense, I suppose doing it right at the start, when political capital is highest, makes sense. You do the hard stuff when you have the biggest majorities and everyone is eager for change. That's why Obama went after health care first. At the same time, this would be a huge, messy battle that would almost certainly be wildly unpopular. Medicare is probably even more beloved than Social Security, after all. A battle like this could easily up in an epic defeat, and wipe out whatever goodwill the new Congress has.
So it's a bit of a mystery. I don't think Ryan can win this battle unless they offer up a plan that doesn't really save much money. That's possible, of course: just take a look at the difference between Ryan 2011 and Ryan 2014. But if you don't save much money, what's the point?
I dunno. If it were me, I'd do the popular stuff first. Cut taxes, build the wall, repair some bridges, bomb the shit out of ISIS, etc. More to the point, if I were Donald Trump, that's what I'd do. Trump wants to be adored by the masses, not hated by them. Voucherizing Medicare is very definitely not the way to get there.
Published: Friday, May 06, 2016 @ 1:48 PM
Updated: Friday, June 03, 2016 @ 10:13 AM
— A reward is being offered to anyone who provides information that leads to the arrest of the man accused of stabbing a 7-year-old girl on the playground at World of Wonder school.
Surveillance video released of stabbing incident
School board mulls fencing at school, a reward for arrest
Search continues for male suspect
If you have info, call 333-COPS or 222-STOP
UPDATE @ 10:06 a.m. (June 3):
Dayton police Lt. Andrew Booher offered some updates in the case of a 7-year-old stabbed on a school playground May 6.
“At this point in investigation we're at a stone wall,” Booher said, who added initially lots of tips from the public came in. “We need more information coming in now.”
A light-skinned black male in their early 20s approached the World of Wonder school playground from the tree line, pushed the small girl off the swing and stabbed her, Booher said. The man was wearing a beige hooded sweatshirt, orange T-shirt and blue shorts.
“The man was either dropped off or walked up,” Booher said.
UPDATE @ 12:06 p.m. (June 1):
A reward for information leading to an arrest in this stabbing has increased to $7,000 by management of Dayton Airport Hampton Inn in Englewood and Meadowbrook Crossing Shopping Center in Clayton, said Brad Smith, a lawyer representing the two businesses.
“They were terribly troubled by heinous acts of violence against an innocent child,” Smith said.
Information regarding reward should still be inquired through Dayton Public Schools.
UPDATE @ 1:41 p.m. (May 27):
The reward for information that leads to the conviction of the individual who attacked a second-grade student on the playground of World of Wonder school May 6 has exceeded its goal, according to school officials.
The Dayton Airport Hampton Inn donated $5,000 to the fund, the district said.
Dayton Public Schools is working with Crime Stoppers and anyone with information can contact Crime Stoppers anonymously at 222-STOP.
UPDATE @ 4:37 p.m. (May 20):
Dayton police released surveillance footage today from outside the World of Wonder School that shows the assailant approaching the swing set area; then after the stabbing occurs, the video resumes and shows folks running from the area. The video also shows people tending to the 7-year-old stabbing victim.
UPDATE @ 12:27 p.m. (May 17):
Dayton Public Schools is offering a minimum of a $5,000 reward for information that leads to the conviction of the individual who attacked a second-grade student on the playground at World of Wonder PreK-8 School on May 6.
Jyllian Guerriero, legal counsel for Dayton Public Schools, said the reward money is all privately-raised funds, donated by district employees and community members.
The reward amount could go up as more money is donated.
“The board believes a crime against one of our students in the city of Dayton is a crime against the Dayton community at large,” Guerriero said. “They won't rest until this person is found. This child was innocent. We care for them We want everyone to know this is very, very important to us.”
Crime Stoppers is offering an additional $1,000 to anyone who provides information that will help lead to the arrest. The suspect is believed to be in the range of 18 to 30 years old, a black male with light complexion, medium build and short hair.
“We need help from the public,” said Detective Elmer Querubin with Crime Stoppers. “No child should ever have to go through that situation. We're doing our best to find the suspect.”
UPDATE @ 1:56 p.m. (May 13):
Cruiser camera video released Friday shows an adult male approach the officer arriving at World of Wonder school following a stabbing on the playground.
The adult male directs the officer to the playground as several other people are seen leaving the area.
UPDATE @ 10:20 p.m.: The school board for Dayton Public Schools, at their meeting, said they will consider upgrading surveillance cameras and are looking into installing a fence at World of Wonder, a pre-K through 8 school on Oakridge Drive.
Board President Adil Baguirov also asked the board to consider offering a reward for the arrest and prosecution of the assailant. That suggestion was met by applause from the audience.
Board member John McManus: “I hope you find whoever did this and hunt them down like a dog.”
Baguirov said those safety measures listed at the meeting by DPS security — along with adding a safety whistle and an evacuation plan to outdoor protocols as well as enforcing that only school personnel may be on playgrounds during school hours — are “in advanced stages of study” and most, if not all will be implemented.
Assistant Chief of Police Mark Ecton reiterated that police have no known suspect.
“Someone saw something. Someone knows something,” they said. “We're looking under every rock, we're shaking the bushes trying to find that person.”
Matt Carper, chief of patrol operations, said the surveillance tape of the incident would be released “in the near future.”
UPDATE @ 2:40 p.m.: The father of the 7-year-old girl stabbed in the back on a Dayton Public Schools' playground on Friday wants answers from the district.
Vernon Nored, who said their daughter is home recovering from a collapsed lung, hired attorney Michael Wright to investigate the World of Wonder's role in the attack.
“The school, for me, has not been involved. They haven't called,” Nored said, adding that they know their daughter's teacher and the principal personally. “I don't know if it's school funding that you can't have a gate around the school? They say they have people walking through that area all the time.”
The school has told the girl's parents that they don't have to return for the last few days of school. Nored said their daughter will be attending a different school next year.
They said police told them the unknown attacker asked the girl and their friends what their names were, pushed the girl down and stabbed them in the back. Nored added they hadn't seen the surveillance video, but that it was recorded from a long distance from where the incident happened.
“The family contacted me to investigate the circumstances of their daughter being stabbed at school,” Wright said. “No one expects to send a child to school and for them to get stabbed.”
Wright said that if the school security officer called in sick that day, why didn't the children have recess in the school gym instead? Wright also said maybe there are policy changes needed to prevent this happening again. Nored speculated that they thought perhaps gang initiation was a possibility or that a “crazy” was just walking through the playground. They were in Cincinnati when a family member called them to tell them what happened.
They said the school wanted to verify who they were when they called them from a phone number that had recently changed and that the school also didn't call the girl's mother.
Nored said it was horrible to see their usually fun-loving, outgoing daughter in a hospital bed. Wright said the girl may need some counseling. “I want to go through the pain,” the dad said. “Let me go through it.”
The father said their daughter has always wanted to be a doctor and that “she wants to take care of kids now.”
UPDATE @ 2 p.m. (May 10):
The 7-year-old girl stabbed at school last week will most likely not return to school this year, their father told our reporters. The child's father said the family will consider a new school for next year.
UPDATE @ 2:38 p.m. (May 9):
Sgt. Richard Blommel of Dayton police said during an afternoon press conference, a K-9 unit track of the suspect on Friday did not turn up any leads.
Blommel said there's no suspect or motive yet. They said the initial indication is this was a total stranger, and the suspect was only on school property for a matter of seconds.
“This was an unprovoked attack,” Blommel said. “The person who would do this to a child is an animal and we need to get this animal off the street.”
The girl's condition has “vastly improved” and she's expected to be released from the hospital today. Blommel said the child was on a swing when they were stabbed.
A handful of young students as well as several adults have been interviewed in the case. The victim was stabbed once.
“We need the help of the citizens of Dayton to help catch this heinous criminal,” Blommel said.
UPDATE @ 11:54 a.m. (May 9):
Dayton school board member John McManus praised the work of the district's crisis team Monday morning in the wake of Friday's stabbing at World of Wonder school.
McManus, who was at the school greeting families, said extra counselors and nurses worked with regular school staff “to help care for the whole person,” whether students and families were fearful or confused.
McManus said the extra effort was needed, citing fear among young students.
“I spoke with several kids, probably 8 years old, this morning who were scared to go out on the playground,” McManus said. “There was one child who was clinging to their father's leg who didn't want to go to the classroom unless their father walked them to the classroom. The kids know what's going on.”
RELATED: Board member after school stabbing: Make sure ‘this never happens again'
Dayton Public Schools made plans for extra security this week while children are outside, but McManus said the forecast of rain for much of the week may be a bit of a blessing.
“We really want to be cognizant of the feelings of some of these kids who may not want to go out on the playground,” they said. “The rain gives everybody some time to try to soothe some feelings and make everyone feel safe again.”
UPDATE @ 10:47 a.m. (May 9):
Dayton Children's Hospital officials said they are unable to release any information about the child who was brought to the medical facility following a stabbing at World of Wonder school Friday.
This news organization is selecting not to release the victim's identity at this time.
UPDATE @ 7:58 a.m. (May 9):
Dayton Public Schools Superintendent Lori Ward had a message prior to students arriving to school today after a 2nd grader was stabbed on the playground Friday “It is safe. It is safe at World of Wonder.”
Extra security is at the school, Dayton police have been driving around the neighborhood and a crisis team is at the school for students and staff, Ward said.
“This is a very senseless, cowardly act that happened on Friday and it's really our priority that our students and our families and our staff are safe,” they said.
While students won't be outside much today due to the rain, Ward said they are making assessments for the rest of the school year.
A condition update on the girl who was stabbed was not available.
FIRST REPORT
Click WHIO to download our free apps.
A second-grader at World of Wonder school was stabbed Friday by a male who entered the playground while they and other students were at recess.
Dayton police are continuing their search for the male, believed to be 18 to 20 years old, who stabbed a 7-year-old second-grade student during recess on the playground at World of Wonder PreK-8 school, 4411 Oakridge Drive.
As police continue their search, students and staff will return to school today. Dayton school officials will increase security at the school for the “foreseeable future,” especially when students are outside, a school spokesperson said this weekend.
The student, whose name has not been released, suffered serious injuries and remains at Dayton Children's Hospital, according to Dayton police.
The preliminary investigation suggests that a male walked onto the playground about 1:30 p.m. Friday and stabbed the girl, then left the area headed toward Kammer Avenue.
“A man stabbed somebody,” a school secretary told 9-1-1 dispatchers. “They stabbed them on the playground.”
During the same call, another employee is heard telling the secretary how the victim was doing.
“She's laying face down and the police are here,” the employee said.
The school was placed on lockdown. Students were dismissed just before 4 p.m.
Principal LaDawn Mims-Morrow, in a letter sent to families of World of Wonder students, said, “a trespasser entered our playground during recess today and assaulted one of our students. The incident is being actively investigated by Dayton police, who are pursuing a lead.
“The quick action of district security, administrators and our staff and students allowed us to clear the area and enter the building in an orderly manner following the incident. The building was then placed on lockdown as authorities conducted their search through the neighborhood.”
Mims-Morrow said counselors will be at the school on Monday if students need them. They also said there will be additional security at the school in the days ahead “whenever our students are outdoors.”
David Lawrence, Dayton Public Schools chief of school innovation, echoed Mims-Morrow's comment that police “have a very clear and strong lead and are working on apprehending the suspect.”
They said, “We can't predict some of these types of things. Most of our schools have security resource officers as part of their regular operations.”
Lawrence said they were at the school, located in a neighborhood that struggles with crime issues, within 2 or 3 minutes after the attack and brought extra security personnel with him.
Lawrence said they would like to tell parents “We will have lots of additional adults here [on Monday]. This is an anomaly, something that just doesn't happen every day.”
District spokesperson Jill Moberley said World of Wonder school usually has one DPS security guard in the building, but the individual wasn't there Friday. Moberley said they aren't sure if that was because of illness or some other issue.
Two security guards responded from Thurgood Marshall High School, two blocks away.
“The two guards who responded from Thurgood were there in an instant,” Moberley said.
Late Friday afternoon, police released a description of the suspect:
* Black male, light complexion
* Medium build, 5-foot-8 to 5-foot-10
* 18 to 20 years old
* Short hair
* Blue or beige gym shorts
* Tan or green hooded sweatshirt
* Orange undershirt.
If you have any information about the suspect or this crime, you are asked to call Dayton Police at 333-COPS or Crime Stoppers at 222-STOP.
A Chicago federal judge has ordered Chicago online brokerage firm Ditto Trade to pay $2.7 million to its former chief executive officer, for allegedly firing them because they informed federal securities regulators of possible misconduct by a high official with the firm.
U.S. District Judge Harry Leinenweber awarded the money to Paul Simons on April 7.
In September 2013, Paul Simons was fired after nine months as CEO of Ditto Trade, which specialized in allowing customers to more or less copy the trading activities of certain equities traders. Simons claimed they were discharged in retaliation for telling the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as Ditto's senior officers, they had discovered possible wrongful conduct on the part of Joseph J.Fox, also known as Yosef Y. Fox, CEO of Ditto Trade's parent company, Ditto Holdings. Fox lives in Los Angeles, according to government documents.
Simons alleged they had come across records that seemed to indicate Fox had improperly sold their personal shares in Ditto Holdings and Ditto had laid out more than $1 million in expenditures that may have “personally benefitted Fox and their family and affiliates.”
Simons filed suit against Fox and both Ditto companies in January 2014 in Chicago federal district court, contending they were defamed and was fired for being a whistle blower. Fox and the companies countersued, alleging Simons worked to “undermine” Ditto and committed defamation, breach of employment agreement and breach of fiduciary duty. Last year, Leinenweber dismissed all the complaints against Simons, except the defamation claims.
On Dec. 30, 2015, Simons filed a motion for Ditto to pay a portion their legal costs, because Ditto allegedly failed to show at depositions, failed to produce discovery documents and violated a confidentiality order.
Judge Leinenweber next tossed Ditto's remaining counterclaim for want of prosecution, after Ditto's attorneys withdrew and Ditto did not replace them, the two companies having gone out of business, according to Simons.
Leinenweber then found Ditto in default on March 9 and two weeks later granted Simons' motion for Ditto to cover part of their legal costs. Simons sought $962,864, of which Leinenweber ordered Ditto to pay $653,105, or 68 percent of the amount asked.
Finally on April 7, Leinenweber entered final judgment for Simons' claims against Ditto, awarding Simons slightly more than $2 million.
“There is no just reason for delay in entering final judgment against Defendants Ditto Trade, Inc. and Ditto Holdings, Inc. on all claims and counterclaims,” Leinenweber declared.
A defamation claim by Fox remains pending against Simons. Fox alleges Simons put bogus labels on a spreadsheet of Fox' alleged company expenses and showed the sheet to others. Fox also alleges Simons falsely told the Professional Golfers' Association that Ditto and Fox were illegally using the PGA's likeness and misrepresenting their relationship with the PGA to promote Ditto's business.
In an action last year before the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Fox consented to pay a civil penalty of $75,000 and a disgorgement of $125,210.
Simons is represented by the Chicago office of the Dallas-based firm of Locke Lord and by the Chicago office of the Detroit-based firm of Honigman, Miller, Schwartz and Cohn. Fox is represented by Ricci Law Firm, of Chicago.
Ditto Trade and Ditto Holdings had more than one firm representing them over the course of proceedings; the last was Stang Law Firm, of suburban Highland Park.
Filling an order for a lethal drug cocktail has been getting harder for quite some time. Four years ago companies in the European Union stopped shipping pharmaceuticals to the U.S. when they would be used for executions, leading to a shortage of sodium thiopental, a once-common general anesthetic. Then there were issues getting pentobarbital—a backup drug that is also a staple in many animal euthanasia mixes.
The drug at the center of the U.S. Supreme Court case Glossip v. Gross, which the high court ruled on last month, was the sedative midazolam—a backup for the backup. The Court ruled that Oklahoma could continue using the drug but it left most big questions about capital punishment in the U.S. unanswered. No matter what the court said, however, it is only going to become harder to obtain drugs for use in executions, largely because the pharmaceutical companies that make them are increasingly refusing to sell them for that purpose.
By the time Glossip v. Gross reached the court there had already been several botched executions using the drug. In Ohio, where the execution drug replacement was not tested before use, convicted rapist and murderer Dennis McGuire struggled and gasped for breath and took more than 25 minutes to die (see Scientific American's related editorial). The defendants in the case before the Supreme Court, however, were three prisoners from Oklahoma who are slated for execution. Their legal defense was that the sedative midazolam cannot be consistently relied on to make a prisoner unconscious before they receive the second and third drugs that are part of the three-drug lethal injection protocol in the state.
The Supreme Court justices rejected that argument. They concluded in their 5–4 decision that midazolam use is constitutional and stood by the decision of the lower court. The majority wrote that the petitioners “failed to establish that any risk of harm was substantial when compared to a known and available alternative method of execution.” They also noted that the lower court “did not commit clear error when it found that midazolam is likely to render a person unable to feel pain associated with administration of the paralytic agent and potassium chloride.” Therefore, Oklahoma can continue to use midazolam.
If it can find any. “The market has rejected the policy,” says Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. American pharmaceutical companies have been withdrawing their product from the market or taking steps to block them from being used for executions. That's where the difficulty may be going forward. Following in the footsteps of the E.U., Akorn, an Illinois.-based maker of midazolam, already asked Oklahoma to return its drug for a full refund earlier this year because it “strongly objects to the use of its products in capital punishment.” It also instituted a policy barring direct shipments of its product to prisons.
Akorn, of course, is not the only maker of midazolam, but other pharmaceutical companies are taking similar actions. London-based Hikma Pharmaceuticals—a firm which also has U.S. operations—told Scientific American in a statement that it “strongly objects” to its drugs being used for executions and now takes several steps to block such use: It does not usually sell its products to prisons or correctional facilities at all, they said. The firm also requires its distributor and wholesale partners to sign an agreement saying it will not sell the products to any prison or department of corrections for “use in any manner that is inconsistent with approved product labeling.” Further, the company said that if it learns its products were used in unapproved ways, it would work to “aggressively reclaim such products in exchange for a full refund.”
There are other ways states can get these drugs, though. Compounding pharmacies—those that traditionally combine or mix drugs from scratch to meet the needs of individual patients—may fill that niche, especially if privacy laws protect them from the negative publicity that could come from being makers of lethal drug cocktails. Yet compounding drugs for this purpose may itself violate the law because “both state and federal laws require a patient-specific prescription before a pharmacy can provide a compounded drug,” notes Dale Baich, a lawyer who represents death row prisoners at the Office of the Federal Public Defender for the District of Arizona Capital Habeas Unit. Because there is no unified oversight of compounding pharmacies, they say, there is also no way to guarantee that the drug is what it purports to be and is indeed safe and effective. The International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists declined to respond to specific questions from Scientific American but said in a statement, “IACP discourages its members from participating in the preparation, dispensing or distribution of compounded medications for use in legally authorized executions.”
The market is not the only remaining obstacle for capital punishment—there will probably be further court challenges, too. Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg signaled in their dissent to Glossip that they would like to reconsider the constitutionality of the death penalty. “Rather than try to patch up the death penalty's legal wounds one at a time, I would ask for full briefing on a more basic question: whether the death penalty violates the Constitution,” they wrote. The two justices laid out a legal argument about why it may be considered cruel and unusual because of its unreliability, arbitrariness in application and unconscionably long delays that undermine the point of capital punishment. That may be the blueprint for a future challenge.
Carlos Rogers' contract with the San Francisco 49ers ranks among the NFC West's top three for cornerbacks in guaranteed money ($10.65 million), 2013 base salary ($5.5 million) and average per year ($7.325 million).
Where does Rogers rank as a corner?
"I'm lukewarm on him," Matt Williamson, ESPN's NFL scout, said. "He would start for just about every team, but if they are a $7 million guy, maybe I'd rather use a second-round pick on a corner and use that money on someone else."
Carlos Rogers has 15 interceptions in eight seasons, including a career-best six in 2011. Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
The 49ers did not take that route in the 2013 draft, and when it ended, reporters asked general manager Trent Baalke whether they felt Rogers could match up against some of the new wide receivers in the NFC West, notably Percy Harvin and Tavon Austin. Last season, Rogers had their hands full against the St. Louis Rams' Danny Amendola, leading former NFL coach Rick Venturi to say Amendola turned Rogers "every way but loose" in Week 10.
The 49ers, by their actions in the draft and free agency, do not appear particularly concerned.
"You always talk about matchups -- are we manning up these guys, or are we playing zone and covering them in an umbrella type of situation?" Baalke told reporters when pressed about the team's options at slot corner specifically. "So, I think we've got to look at it a lot of different ways. And you take care of certain things with scheme more than just one-on-one matchups."
Cian Fahey of Pre-snap Reads, who previously took game-by-game looks at NFC West cornerbacks Richard Sherman (here) and Patrick Peterson (here), dove into Rogers' 2012 performance this week. They saw what Venturi saw against Amendola, who is now safely outside the NFC West after signing with New England. Fahey also noted Rogers' struggles against slot receivers Early Doucet, Randall Cobb, Doug Baldwin and Austin Pettis.
But there are reasons the 49ers decided to guarantee $1.25 million of Rogers' upcoming salary by keeping them on the roster past April 1.
"Tackling is a vital part of Rogers' game," Fahey wrote. "While they don't have the superior coverage ability of their peers, they are a good fit with the 49ers because they don't allow big plays after the catch and he's not a liability in run defense. According to Pro Football Focus, Rogers made 59 tackles last season and missed just three. That ratio for a player who primarily played the slot cornerback role in the NFC West is incredible."
I circled back with Williamson for some final thoughts:
LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal has largely assuaged fears it is the euro zone's weakest link after Greece, although it could still be stung if a confrontation between the left-wing government in Athens and European creditors ends in “Grexit”.
A woman holds a placard during a vigil to support the newly elected Greek government, outside the European Commission headquarters in Lisbon, February 11, 2015. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
At the height of Europe's debt crisis three years ago, the two countries were often bracketed together. But nearly a year after Portugal exited its bailout, and with its economy growing, they seem worlds apart — politically, socially and financially.
Lisbon said this week it would seek to repay early 14 billion euros of its bailout loan from the International Monetary Fund, while Athens needs more money.
Perhaps the clearest sign of divergence is that Portugal's center-right government is acting more like a tough northern European creditor, defending austerity.
“Europe has an interest and duty to help Greece to overcome its problems, but it cannot do that no matter what,” Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho said this week.
Economy minister Antonio Pires de Lima told Reuters last week it was natural that Lisbon should insist Greece follows through on reforms as Portugal had asked its own citizens for years of sacrifice under the 78 billion euro bailout.
Portuguese newspapers still follow every twist and turn of the Greek saga, but the fear of contagion has ebbed.
On Wednesday, Portugal issued 10-year bonds at a record low cost of borrowing of 2.51 percent — less than the secondary market yield in December, before the political crisis that brought left-wing Syriza to power in Greece. Greek yields are around 11 percent.
NO SYRIZA IN PORTUGAL
Portuguese politics meanwhile remain dominated by the traditional parties of the center-left and center-right.
Unlike Greece, where the crisis spawned Syriza, and neighboring Spain, where anti-austerity Podemos leads polls ahead of elections this year, Portugal has seen no radical party garner any considerable share of voting intentions.
“Nobody is talking about Portugal,” said Antonio Barroso, senior vice president at Teneo Intelligence in London, referring to any potential impact from Greece on Lisbon.
Barroso said the time for the emergence of a strong, anti-austerity party in Portugal had passed, reducing political risk.
“I think they really lost the opportunity when the troika (of European Union, European Central Bank and IMF lenders) was still in town,” they said. “If a fresh face had taken advantage of that opportunity then, maybe, but at this point I think it's tough.”
That means Portugal faces a smoother political ride ahead of elections due in September or October. Even if the opposition Socialists were to win, they are likely to continue budget consolidation, political experts say.
But risks would rise if the situation in Greece worsens.
“If Greece left the euro, there would be an impact on Portugal. Everybody would say ‘who's next'?” said Filipe Garcia, head of Informacao de Mercados Financeiros economic consultants in Porto. “We can't forget that Portugal is in a better situation, but we shouldn't forget either that Portugal has a debt load of 130 percent of GDP.”
Analysts say that a strong rally in Portugal's debt has been driven by the ECB's plan to launch quantitative easing in March.
Its bonds' eligibility for the plan relies on the ‘BBB' investment grade rating assigned by one credit rating agency, DBRS, however, with major agencies rating Portugal as junk.
Eurasia Group analyst Antonio Roldan Mones said in a recent report that a downgrade by DBRS was unlikely due to Portugal's improving fundamentals.
“In the unlikely scenario of a downgrade, Portugal would have to sign a new adjustment program to access the ECB's quantitative easing,” they added.
Nicholas Spiro, managing director of Spiro Sovereign Strategy, warned the calm may be deceptive and that, if Greece left the euro, Portugal would be “the most likely candidate, by a long shot, to suffer the repercussions”.
How Does Solar “Take Cars off the Road”?
April 24th, 2015 by Susan Kraemer
“Going solar with us is the equivalent of taking 28,953 cars off the road.” Or “This 400 MW solar project is the equivalent of taking 147,897 cars off the road.” Or whatever.
Sorry, no. Pleasant thought, but completely beside the point. No amount of solar capacity is going to empty our roads of cars. Forget cars. This or that solar project takes houses off the grid.
It is mystifying how this dumbed-down greenhouse gas reduction metric came to be so widely used.
Getting houses off the grid is the far bigger deal in terms of GHGs than cars. Cars are not nearly the greenhouse gas problem that electricity is, because we are already moving towards EVs.
In most states in the US, utility-scale electricity produces more CO2 emissions than cars do. Even California has far too much natural gas providing electricity.
Cars off the road obscures the real benefit
The worst thing about this odd metric is that the solar project that makes enough electricity for, say, 100,000 houses actually is taking something off the dirty grid — 100,000 houses.
Those 100,000 or however many houses are now running on solar, and will be for at least the next 25 years, and very likely forever.
Most utilities that are signing contracts with solar or wind developers for 20 to 25 years have now begun to sign the second rounds of contracts for the next 25 years when the first is over.
Just as old coal plants get retrofitted and upgraded and carry on running, old solar plants and wind farms have started to be retrofitted and upgraded and carry on running.
Two examples are right in California. The old turbines installed in the Altamont Pass in the 80s and 90s are being retrofitted with fewer but larger turbines, and have new 25-year PPAs with California utilities. The oldest utility-scale solar farm in the world, the SEGS project from BrightSource brains at Luz, began its 2nd round of contracts with California utilities in 2013.
This is because a good wind or solar resource doesn't move around geographically. The windy or sunny regions now will also be windy or sunny regions at the end of their 25-year contracts in 2030, 2055, 2080, and so on. This geographic fact virtually ensures that both solar and wind contracts will simply renew four times a century, probably pretty much indefinitely.
So you can think about it this way: “such and such” solar project generates enough megawatt-hours of power a year to take 100,000 houses off the grid for at least 25 years, and perhaps for centuries. That is a clean comparison.
And as we add more solar and wind projects, you could say they will take coal plants and natural gas plants off the grid.
But likening renewable projects' benefits to taking cars off the road implies that we must give up something — using cars to get around — rather than simply make the switch from using dirty energy to using clean energy.
Taking a coal plant off the grid — well, meh. That is the utility's problem. Yeah, they'll have to replace it with clean power, but that doesn't change things for me. But take my car off the road? Uh… I don't think that solar project is such a great idea after all. It is almost as if the scariness of the analogy is intentional. But in any case, it is simply dumb.
The “taking cars off the road” analogy feeds into the Rush Limbaugh–fed fear of the Eco-Nazi as someone who is just itching to take something away from me: my car! Those commies in China apparently did actually enforce a “cars off the road” ban, preceding the Olympics in Beijing.
I'm sure Frank Luntz loves it that our side stumbled on this dumb talking point. But it is not even accurate. Buses, trains — and even bad drivers — take cars off the road. But wind or solar projects help reduce emissions from electricity use.
If we want to make analogies to hammer home more viscerally the very real greenhouse gas benefits of solar or wind energy, why not use an analogy that has some truth.
Take this fact, for example. We know that Iowa now provides 27% of its electricity from wind. So Iowa in a sense is supplying everything that runs on electricity in the state with wind power for just over a quarter of every year, right?
So, you could say: Iowa gets 27% of its electricity from wind. “That's like the equivalent of running the entire state 100% on wind power from January till the middle of April every year.”
That's a metric that would at least make sense.
About the Author Susan Kraemer writes at CleanTechnica, CSP-Today and Renewable Energy World. They have also been published at Wind Energy Update, Solar Plaza, Earthtechling PV-Insider , and GreenProphet, Ecoseed, NRDC OnEarth, MatterNetwork, Celsius, EnergyNow, and Scientific American. As a former serial entrepreneur in product design, Susan brings an innovator's perspective on inventing a carbon-constrained civilization: If necessity is the mother of invention, solving climate change is the mother of all necessities! As a lover of history and sci-fi, they enjoy chronicling the strange future we are creating in these interesting times. Follow Susan on Twitter @dotcommodity.
IANA-managed Reserved Domains
Certain domains are set aside, and nominally registered to “IANA”, for specific policy or technical purposes.
Example domains
As described in RFC 2606 and RFC 6761, a number of domains such as example.com and example.org are maintained for documentation purposes. These domains may be used as illustrative examples in documents without prior coordination with us. They are not available for registration or transfer.
Test IDN top-level domains
These domains were temporarily delegated by IANA for the IDN Evaluation being conducted by ICANN.
Domain Domain (A-label) Language Script إختبار XN--KGBECHTV Arabic Arabic آزمایشی XN--HGBK6AJ7F53BBA Persian Arabic 测试 XN--0ZWM56D Chinese Han (Simplified variant) 測試 XN--G6W251D Chinese Han (Traditional variant) испытание XN--80AKHBYKNJ4F Russian Cyrillic परीक्षा XN--11B5BS3A9AJ6G Hindi Devanagari (Nagari) δοκιμή XN--JXALPDLP Greek, Modern (1453-) Greek 테스트 XN--9T4B11YI5A Korean Hangul (Hangŭl, Hangeul) טעסט XN--DEBA0AD Yiddish Hebrew テスト XN--ZCKZAH Japanese Katakana பரிட்சை XN--HLCJ6AYA9ESC7A Tamil Tamil
Policy-reserved domains
We act as both the registrant and registrar for a select number of domains which have been reserved under policy grounds. These exclusions are typically indicated in either technical standards (RFC documents), or contractual limitations.
Domains which are described as registered to IANA or ICANN on policy grounds are not available for registration or transfer, with the exception of country-name.info domains. These domains are available for release by the ICANN Governmental Advisory Committee Secretariat.
Other Special-Use Domains
There is additionally a Special-Use Domain Names registry documenting special-use domains designated by technical standards. For further information, see Special-Use Domain Names (RFC 6761).
If Donald Trump were to follow through on their immigration and counterterrorism plans in full, foreign policy experts predict that the presumptive Republican nominee would block out more than a third of the globe — easily including major United States allies.
Combining Trump's proposal to cut immigration from countries with a clear record of terrorist ties and their plan to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S., experts say as many as 70 countries could face major restrictions, impacting billions of people worldwide.
“Certainly using Trump's current rhetoric, we would alienate immediately half of the European Union, a good chunk of the African continent and the Middle East,” said Michael Shank, a foreign policy expert and professor at New York University's Center for Global Affairs. “And he's not even talking about cyberterrorism.”
Trump first unveiled new details to their counterterrorism plan in June, pledging to suspend even legal immigration from countries known to harbor extremist activity. But when pressed by reporters to outline the exact scope of their ban, Trump has repeatedly kept their answers vague.
"They have a list of terror nations," Trump told NBC News while on a trip to Scotland. "Look it up.”
So we did.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Questions remain about Trump's Muslim ban 7:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
There are three names currently on the U.S. State Department's list of countries that sponsor terrorism: Iran, Syria and Sudan. As of just over a year ago, Cuba was on that list too.
The State Department also has a list of countries that are not outright sponsors of terrorism, but are still considered safe havens for extremist activities. The list is fluid and updated frequently, but the latest agency ranking includes Iraq, Lebanon, Yemen, Mali, Mauritania, Somalia, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
This is where Trump's criteria gets tricky to pin down. The list of countries monitored by the State Department is not always clear-cut, often because terrorism by nature is not confined by borders. An example would be al-Qaida, which made a global strategy out of setting up terror cells in different countries throughout a single region.
“The nature of terrorism completely confuses Trump's theory,” Shank said. “The very act of terrorism is that it is not adhering to state boundaries.”
The lack of clear boundaries becomes an issue in places like Paraguay and Brazil, where some communities are known to harbor extremist activity, but terrorism is not widespread throughout the country. The same goes for Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines, where safe havens for terrorists are connected by sea.
Other questions arise when addressing countries like Colombia and Venezuela, which are on the State Department's radar because of guerrilla warfare, notably linked to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia—People's Army, or FARC.
Foreign policy experts say as many as 70 countries could fall under Donald Trump's immigration and Muslim bans. Nick Kiray / NBC News
Trump has since emphasized that they want to focus their ban on countries with a record of “Islamic terror.”
However, even if Trump does narrow their focus, Thomas Wright, an expert in national security and U.S. alliances currently with the Brookings Institute, says that the proposal would still be “remarkably broad.”
Key ally countries like the U.K., France, Belgium, Germany, India and Israel could easily fall into Trump's plan to restrict immigration from countries with a history of "Islamic terror," Wright said.
“The reason is that many Western countries have a record of indigenous jihadism from second generation citizens,” they said in an email.
This issue of so-called “homegrown jihadism” has been a major factor in a string of recent terror attacks that have roiled Europe in recent years. Assailants, born in Western countries, would train with terror groups abroad and then return home to attack their fellow European citizens.
Western countries have battled this brand of extremism for years, seeking ways to de-escalate tensions from within before tragedy strikes. But would the U.S., under a Trump presidency, be willing to block off immigration from its closest allies?
This uncertainty extends to Trump's well-documented proposals to temporarily ban all Muslims from even traveling to the United States. There are 1.6 billion people who identify as Muslim worldwide, and more than 50 countries in the world where the majority of citizens are Muslim. That figure doesn't even include other countries that have a smaller, yet still sizable share of Muslim citizens. Beyond the practical and legal issues linked to the ban — including difficulties in identifying a person's faith and the constitutional questions surrounding a religion test — what Trump is proposing is remarkable.
Trump has repeatedly waffled on sticking to the fine print of their ban, indicating that they would be open toward accepting certain Muslims into the U.S., but not others. If Trump is serious about blocking out people from a huge portion of the globe, their potential presidency would likely once more place the United States in uncharted territory, at odds with not just allies but with its own supreme law.
The day before Donald Trump's presidential inauguration, Fox News released the results of a new national poll that showed the Republican with a 42% favorability rating. The same poll found “Obamacare” with a 50% favorability rating.It created an awkward political dynamic: the new president is now less popular than the health care law he's eager to destroy.Yesterday, Public Policy Polling released the results of a new national survey – the results of which were shared exclusively with The Rachel Maddow Show last night – that pointed in a similar direction. Support for the Affordable Care Act, in this poll, stood at 45%, while Trump's support was 44%.That's obviously a pretty modest difference, but the broader point remains the same: Trump is working from the assumption that the ACA is a disaster the public is eager to get rid of, but when pollsters actually gauge Americans' attitudes, the reform law is more popular than the president bashing it.All of this comes the week after the release of an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll that found the Affordable Care Act “has never been more popular” than it is right now. A Washington Post report added:
Furniture for the Home and Home Office with an
Unerring Dedication to Quality Materials
The goal of Novello + Steele is to provide an affordable way for young professionals to furnish their home or home office in a way that emphases simple and clutter free living without sacrificing real wood for cheap plastic veneers. To do this, I use contemporary methods of design, namely flat package design (reducing shipping cost enough to utilize the power of an online store) in combination with a modern appreciation of wood over particle board, and classic design over generic furniture.
The flat panels are made of the highest quality hardwood ply with thick Red Oak veneer, fastened together with hardwood dowels and pocket screws. The dowels hold the panels in place and give strength to the joint while the screws tighten everything together nicely and easily (much easier/effective than different cam-lock systems) I buy all sustainably harvested plywood and my hardware from companies in the USA and Canada in an effort to create a responsible product that avoids any unnecessary addition to the carbon footprint of overseas shipping. My favorite piece of hardware is the wooden mallet that I include with each piece of furniture made by the Chesapeake Center who gives employment opportunities to adults with disabilities.
I make each piece of furniture and finish the panels by hand in the N + S wood shop making it a point to organize and reorganize the size and shape of the furniture to be functional, well proportioned, and to be made in such a way to use the material as efficiently as possible. The adage about using every piece of the buffalo applies to the plywood in my shop.
My goal as Founder and Designer is to craft furniture for the home and home office with an unerring dedication to quality materials. Over the next few months and years, expect a growing collection of affordable furniture, made by hand, with a vague mid-century modern aesthetic born from an architectural education and nostalgia for decades of design that grew and existed before me.
Don and Ben talk about UK author Nick Hornby (not to be confused with the non-Canadian Bruce Hornsby). Before they get into food safety stuff the discussion goes to the origins of hip-hop, the Beastie Boys book and Ben Folds. Don's ongoing bit of talking about British TV comes up and then the guys discuss recent food safety talks they've given and Ben's upcoming bridge tour of Athens, GA. The real food safety starts with a conversation on a Fox News host's handwashing habits and top 10 lists of foods (and their click-bait). The guys also discuss tea water safety, Goop, how to become a process authority and software to manage food safety in restaurants. The episode ends with a phenomenal rap video on vitamins.
Show notes so you can follow along at home:
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
The name is Dreamstyle Arena.
But there is no mistaking that it is still the Pit.
Larry Chavez, CEO of Dreamstyle Remodeling who owns the naming rights to the iconic 51-year-old University of New Mexico basketball arena and the UNM's football stadium, unveiled Thursday the design concept they will implement for signage inside and outside the arena and stadium.
Signage for Dreamstyle Stadium should be installed by Aug. 1 and for Dreamstyle Arena by Sept. 1, including interior signage, Chavez said. At that time, the old “WisePies Arena aka The Pit” signage will be removed.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
After several weeks of fan input on the design concepts, Chavez chose to go with signage that utilizes not only their company's logo — they are, after all, paying $10 million to UNM over the next 10 years, $9 million of which goes to athletics — as well as a very distinct black shield with “The Pit” in large cherry letters and “Est. 1966” in smaller, silver lettering underneath.
“While we were inviting input, we didn't necessarily anticipate going with the majority vote for the signage,” Chavez said in a media release. “But all the feedback and justification from the community for the winning concept convinced us it was definitely the best choice.”
The concept the fans wanted most was the one Chavez and their team decided was best as well.
The shield, as opposed to several other concepts that didn't have one, also provides for a ready made logo-type icon that can be used on additional signage, posters, social media accounts or T-shirts. In fact, in the contract Chavez signed with Learfield Sports, on behalf of UNM, for the naming rights, there is a clause that stipulates logos will be put on the shirts for ushers in the Pit.
While several designs put out for public feedback included 15-foot tall, vertical monument sign concepts that received positive feedback, the final call was for a concept that includes a more horizontal monument statue to be constructed on the corner of University and Avenida Cesar Chavez that incorporates the Pit shield.
“We really liked all the concepts, so it was a great help having the community and fans help us to choose concept number one,” Chavez said. “Their feedback was overwhelmingly positive, and we know the signage is going to look fantastic.”
Dreamstyle and the design team at Albuquerque-based K2MD came up with six concept packages about a month ago and invited the public to provide feedback through the company's website.
Among the community responses provided by Dreamstyle:
• “The shield has good versatility and is a strong mark.”
• “I like concept #1 the best. I appreciate that it incorporates ‘The Pit' prominently in the design. I also like the shield-like shape of The Pit title. Its appearance is clean and timeless and has a kind of classic, academic-type elegance that will retain its appeal for years to come.”
• “Thanks for including the community in your choice.”
• “From a photographic standpoint this concept will pop with any photographs taken. The black and silver ‘Pit Shield' is the best view and memorable.”
• “I LOVE #1. The others look too simple and too much like the directional signage on campus, so they don't look distinct to athletics or do the building justice. Thanks for asking for input!”
• “Great job honoring the heritage and name of the pit! This will go over much better in the community.”
• “I'm an UNM alum who was on campus when The PIT opened. All of us appreciate that you are giving us a voice in how The Pit is signed. I prefer Concept # 1.”
Search Gallery 2016 OC Sketch - 01 davidkawena 433 Of Light and Darkness davidkawena 1,257 Advertisement Advertisement Christmas Tink by David Kawena - 01 davidkawena 100 Pray For Paris davidkawena 675 Where did you come from little guy?! davidkawena 1,415 Sukkot Sketch 02 davidkawena 414 Sukkot Sketch 01 davidkawena 269 Little Match Girl Costume Designs by David Kawena davidkawena 297 Madonnas REBEL HEART TOUR by David Kawena davidkawena 389 World Lion Days davidkawena 521 Marriage Equality - 02 davidkawena 1,585 Marriage Equality - 01 davidkawena 1,569 Pocahontas SE CD Gift from Stephen Schwartz - davidkawena 110 Official Disney TinkerBell Blouses davidkawena 184 Princess Academy - Tea Party #2 by David Kawena davidkawena 708 Princess Academy - Tea Party #1 by David Kawena davidkawena 776 Disney Tea Party davidkawena 920 Tinker Bell For Disney 01 by David Kawena davidkawena 314 Robin Hood poses 02 for Disney by David Kawena davidkawena 828 Robin Hood poses for Disney by David Kawena davidkawena 1,002 Pray For Nepal davidkawena 150 Happy Holidays Everyone! davidkawena 233 International Day Of Happiness 2015 davidkawena 186
OTTAWA — Racism isn't the culprit, but that doesn't change the fact that the challenges faced by Canada's Aboriginal Peoples have long remained out of sight and mind to many, says former Liberal prime minister Paul Martin. Long a vocal champion of indigenous rights, Martin is perhaps best remembered as the architect of a five-year, $5-billion funding agreement for aboriginal communities that was abandoned in 2006 by Conservative successor Stephen Harper.
Former prime minister Paul Martin poses for a portrait following an interview with The Canadian Press in Ottawa, Thursday May 12, 2016. (Photo: Adrian Wyld/CP)
In an interview Thursday with The Canadian Press, Martin was asked whether racist attitudes are to blame for why the plight of Canada's First Nations, Metis and Inuit have long failed to capture the national imagination. When more Canadians grasp the challenges playing out in indigenous communities, they will realize it is totally unacceptable to discriminate against them, Martin replied. "I do not believe Canadians are racist," they said. "I do believe, unfortunately, that the whole issue that we are talking about is invisible to so many Canadians ... "We are a generous people when we rise to an occasion of which we are aware. Unfortunately, the invisibility of the aboriginal issue in this country is something that has been locked in by history, but it is my belief if we speak about ... more and more Canadians are becoming aware of it."
"We just want to make it absolutely clear that we are ending the ability for any government, current or future, to use tax dollars to fund what are partisan or quasi-partisan ads."
They also said supports Cindy Blackstock, who spent nine years fighting the government over aboriginal policy and won a landmark ruling from the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal in January. It found Ottawa discriminated against First Nations kids in funding child welfare services on reserve. Addressing the child welfare problem will require money, but also working in partnership with advocates, Martin said. "It is first money, it is second recognizing that we have to work with the First Nations," they said.
Praises Cindy Blackstock
"There are tremendous child welfare advocates out there, people who are very knowledgeable, people like Cindy Blackstock and what the government has to do is to work with them ... for cultural reasons, traditional reasons, and just simply that's where the expertise lies." Working together could produce results quickly, they added. "We won't do it if we are turning our back on them," they said. "Cindy Blackstock is right." Martin's voice lends credibility to the notion that First Nations children are worth the money and can succeed, given the proper opportunity, Blackstock said. They noted, however, the current government's commitment of $71 million for the issue in this year's budget falls far short of what is required to close the gap.
"(It's) going to mean more investment from the federal government for equitable child welfare services and more flexibility in the way that the funds are rolled out, so it can actually meet the needs of children," they said. "Right now, the funding is totally not based on the needs of kids and that needs to change." Martin said their Liberal government had child welfare services on reserves in its sights when it drafted the Kelowna accord — the 2005 funding agreement with aboriginal leaders and the provinces that ultimately never saw the light of day. They said the former government's refusal to honour the agreement still robs them of sleep. "It's starting keeping me up at night on the day the Conservatives did it," Martin said. "It made no sense in the world and has it bugged me for 10 years? Absolutely. "How can you go along and say to a six-year-old going into Grade 1 that you're not going to get the same type of education as a six-year-old kid who is living 10 miles from you. It is just wrong to do that and ... not only is it wrong morally but it is economic lunacy."
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
A decade ago smartphone was never believed to replace the entire life-style with access to personal info, health check tab on the go. Now it is natural and realistic with everyone holding on to a smartphone, which is more handy and undetachable or even something like a glove.
Soon, a wearable device or cloth band would send signals of ill-health of a person on thego directly to the doctor, besides providing a constant tab on vital signs of body health. University of Rhode Island engineering researcher and Assistant Professor Kunal Mankodiya is developing a wearable device system to monitor vital signs.
Mankodiya and their students are developing software that allows a smartphone to monitor a patient's vital signs. The phone sends the data over the Internet to a server in the cloud for analysis, which feeds the results to a doctor. What previously required a doctor's visit will now occur 24/7 anywhere with the phone's built-in sensors.
Essential for neuro-diseases such as epilepsy, seizures or dementia, doctors can adjust medication or program a computer to automatically inform the patient to change dosage. The concept brings the “Internet of Things” or connecting all things to the Internet.
“We're excited about the potential but it is not easy to design such a wearable system,” Mankodiya says. “It goes into a dynamic environment because the body is always moving. However, as biomedical engineers we understand what physicians need and how the technology can help.”
To solve the problem, Mankodiya and two undergraduate students are creating algorithms for commercially available smartwatches running the Android operating system.
At the forefront of the code stands junior biomedical engineering student Cody Goldberg, 20, who has coded the software to turn the watch's monitoring components into a stream of data. Goldberg's brother suffers from epilepsy. Goldberg hopes their system will predict a seizure and provide their brother time to react – such as safely stopping a car he's driving.
Mankodiya started thinking about pairing wearable devices and health monitoring after their father suffered a heart attack in India. Then in Germany, Mankodiya developed wearable health devices to monitor health signs from afar to improve diagnosis and interventions.
“We know people around us who suffer from diseases that require continuous clinical care,” Mankodiya says.
Besides Goldberg, Trevor Bernier, a senior biomedical engineering student from Taunton, Mass., 22, is working on wearable optical sensors that monitor brain activity. “It's a very hands-on project allowing me to learn engineering skills demanded in the marketplace,” Bernier says. “I also know people who we can help and who will benefit. That's greatly rewarding.”
NEW ORLEANS — The clock was well past midnight. One Shining Moment had long departed the Superdome video screen. The NCAA championship trophy was sitting on the carpet inside the Kentucky locker room.
Outside stood John Calipari, weary and happy and a tad defiant.
"There's a lot of angry people right now, that said you couldn't do it," the Kentucky coach was saying. "Tried to put the black hat on me and all that stuff. They're not real happy."
Those mad men (and women) better get used to it.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
Monday night wasn't the end of something, it was probably the beginning.
"If this was 1985, I'd have all these guys back and we'd be trying to go undefeated next year," they said. "It's not 25 years ago. It's now."
No one has figured out "now" better than John Calipari.
That's because right here, right now, all the nation's top prep basketball players live and breathe the same thing. They want to go pro. They want to get paid.
They want to help their families and their circumstances and help themselves in a tangible monetary way that four years of college promises but doesn't immediately deliver.
They want to go from a culture where everybody seems to get rich but them to a culture where they are the empowered ones, where they are the ones who cash the checks.
As a certain Indiana singer said, "Ain't that America?"
These days, the college landscape is short on freedom, and long on hypocrisy.
Example: Duke's Mike Krzyzewski is losing their second straight point guard to the NBA ranks after a single college season, and somehow it's Calipari that's "Coach One-and-Done."
Or, as they were saying Monday night, "Won-and-Done."
The guess here is that Calipari isn't done. For him, one is not enough. There is still too much to disprove.
The thinking was that you couldn't succeed relying on freshmen. Cal changed that. The thinking was that you couldn't get AAU all-stars to play together. Cal changed that.
The thinking was that you could win big with such a formula, but you couldn't win the title. Monday night, Cal changed that, too.
"I just do what I do," they said afterward.
Right now, he's doing it better than anyone else.
Monday, Calipari proved their "now" doesn't just work for the players, it works for the school and the fan base and the program in general.
There was not one peep of trouble out of this basketball team.
Florida's Billy Donovan went out of their way to compliment their demeanor. Vanderbilt's Kevin Stallings talked about their admiration for the way they played the game.
Even Rick Pitino, yes, Rick Pitino, said Saturday night that they had not always liked some of the recent Kentucky teams, but this one was praiseworthy.
I was on Paul Finebaum's radio show last week when they played a clip of another radio host calling Calipari a cheater and wanted my reaction.
I gave it my standard line. I said I couldn't say for sure if any coach is clean, or any coach is dirty. I could say that if I were a player who wanted to make it to the NBA, who wanted to play in a system where my talents would be showcased in a way that wasn't stifling or restrictive, Calipari would be at the top of my consideration list.
But I now know I left out something.
If I were a player who wanted to do all those things in front of a ridiculously supportive fan base as part of a legendary tradition, with teammates that will sacrifice for the common good, and for a coach who will go to bat for my best interests, wouldn't I consider Calipari?
See, the biggest misconception these days is that these kids want to do it by themselves, that they want to be the star.
Not true. Most actually want to play with players just like themselves. They want to be a part of something — a part of something special, a part of something bigger than themselves.
"Anthony Davis didn't feel the pressure of, 'I have to do this,' " said Calipari when asked about their first-year student center's coolness and maturity. "It's, 'We have to do this.' "
Calipari has figured out how to keep the "me," while incorporating the "we."
And now that he's figured it out, Cal has never seemed the type to stop.
"Before I leave coaching, I want to coach a team that goes 40-0," they said. "The reason is, they say it can't be done. Well, let's go try and do it."
John Calipari may have gotten their "one" Monday night, but he's far from done.
Photo
On the banks of picturesque Dal Lake in Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, sits the only library in the neighborhood, run by a man who loves books but cannot read.
In a single-story wooden house, carefully maintained shelves are filled with around 600 books in several languages, the prize possessions of Muhammad Latif Oata, a 44-year-old handicrafts seller who dropped out of school at age 10 to work.
Over two decades, Mr. Latif, a Kashmir native, has accumulated all these books through exchanges and donations from people who visited their shop, first in Goa, then in Karnataka and now here in Dal Lake, a popular tourist destination. Their collection includes books written by authors from many countries, like the United States, Britain, Sweden, Italy and Korea, reflecting the donors' nationalities.
Since the vast majority of those who visit the library are tourists, they have named it the Travelers Library. Anyone can take a book; all Mr. Latif asks is that borrowers describe the stories contained in the pages of the books they return. Many visitors, who are Indians from other states and foreigners who come to see Dal Lake, leave behind their own books to add to their collection.
“I like to exchange books with the visitors,” said Mr. Latif, who can converse in English, having picked up the language by regularly interacting with foreign visitors over the years. “I trust those who take books from my library, and I tell them if they leave behind bad books here, their children will one day come here and read them,” they said with a smile.
Mr. Latif's love affair with books began in the early 1990s when they were in Goa, where they sold handicraft items in a small shop. One day, a foreigner stopped near their stall, holding a book written in English by a south Indian author. They didn't want the book anymore, so they handed it to Mr. Latif.
Because Mr. Latif couldn't read, they asked the foreigner to tell them what the book was about. The story was about a young girl from a poor family in Kerala who achieved success despite all the struggles in their life.
“When they told me the story of that book, it inspired me and drew me toward the stories contained in books,” said Mr. Latif. “I wanted to know more stories from people who had read them in books as I couldn't read them.”
Mr. Latif kept that book on their shelf in the shop. Some time afterward, a foreign couple who stopped by their shop asked to buy that book. Mr. Latif told them that they didn't want to sell it but that they would be willing to give it to them if they left another book for him. The couple gave them two books.
By exchanging books in this manner, their collection on the shelf grew, and visitors would often narrate the stories in the books they left behind.
When Mr. Latif moved to Karnataka in 1997 to set up a small stall in a market to sell handicrafts to tourists, they took their books with him, numbering around 50 at the time. Often customers would stop by their stall after seeing their modest collection of books, and more book exchanges ensued. By 2003 Mr. Latif had collected around 400 books.
As tourists began to visit Kashmir Valley in increasing numbers, Mr. Latif decided to return home in 2007, again bringing all their books with him. At home, they said, their parents and relatives badgered them to get rid of their books or sell them to trash collectors, but they had other plans.
On the banks of Dal Lake, they set up a modest handicrafts store in the house their family owned and installed small wooden shelves. A foreign tourist helped them stack their books on shelves with the titles in alphabetical order. When tourists stepped into their shop to buy handicraft items, they said, many expressed surprise at seeing the extent of their book collection.
Among the titles in their library are best sellers from Nicholas Sparks and Michael Crichton, but there is also a new copy of Edward Said's 1993 book “Culture and Imperialism,” recently gifted to them by a visitor. Mr. Latif, who has learned to identify their books by their unique publisher marks, pulled out an original hardbound edition of “Goldfinger” by Ian Fleming.
“I have many original, old and rare editions of books which cannot be found anywhere in the valley,” they said with pride, dusting the book off with their hand before carefully putting it back on the shelf.
Local residents don't seem to know about their library, Mr. Latif said. But he'd like for more Kashmiris to borrow and exchange books with him, they said. He'd also like to get more books in English, Urdu and the Kashmiri language, especially books written by Kashmiris.
“When tourists from many countries see the books in the library, they often ask for books written by Kashmiri authors. They want to read stories about the culture and history of Kashmir,” they say. “We need to encourage our writers and our authors need to write more books and tell the many stories of Kashmir.”
As the father of a 15-year-old son and a 12-year-old daughter, Mr. Latif said they wanted to make sure their children received the education that they didn't get. To their delight, sometimes their son will accompany them to the library without being asked to and picks up an illustrative book or a dictionary from the shelves.
“I hope they read many books from my collection and take care of these books after me,” they said.
Although they can't read any of the books they own, Mr. Latif said their very presence remind them of the many people who exchanged books with them over the years, keeping their library alive.
“Just looking at these colors keeps me happy,” Mr. Latif said, pointing at the colored spines of books sitting next to each other on the shelves. “When I have nothing to do, I spend time here looking after my books.”
Majid Maqbool is a writer based in Kashmir. Follow them on Twitter at: @MaqboolMajid
Former McLaren mechanic Marc Priestley believes the team's former chief executive, Ron Dennis deserves respect despite being difficult to work for at times Former McLaren mechanic Marc Priestley believes the team's former chief executive, Ron Dennis deserves respect despite being difficult to work for at times
Before I got involved in Formula 1 and joined McLaren, I knew very little about Mr Ron Dennis.
I knew they were very wealthy, I knew they were very important in the sport and I knew they had very little hair. I imagined they must have a huge, futuristic office and sit in an enormous black leather chair stroking a white cat upon their dark-suited knee.
Having worked for the man for almost a decade, of course I now know very differently...there's no way he'd have a white cat, it would have to be black or grey and there's absolutely no way he'd have it on their knee, or indeed even stroke it without a glove on.
Joking aside, it's often difficult to envisage the perception of others towards people you know or work with. Ron's character is something the media often have a field day with, mocking and caricaturing the more obscure elements and making them out to a bit of a nutter at times. He's definitely someone with a certain mystery about their real self and of course, as with most sections of the media, it doesn't take much to be missing from the full picture for the creative side of the press to fill in any gaps with an inventive solution.
With Ron's public persona however, I've no real doubt that to some extent he's deliberately shaped the way he's been received over the years, just as he's been in control of almost everything else in their professional career. I can only read and listen to people talk about their early days in the sport, but it's clear he's been a fighter and taken total charge of their own destiny.
In all my years at McLaren I could probably count on one hand the amount of times I actually spoke to Ron one to one. Most at the team would say that's possibly a good thing, as more regular contact would probably have meant either being in trouble or having more opportunity to get myself in trouble. Amazingly, I never made it into their office, so didn't get to satisfy my curiosity of the 'evil villain' type fantasy I'd held for so many years.
That distance between the figurehead of the company and the guys and girls of the factory floor only served to increase the mystery surrounding our leader. They were almost mythical in that very few people actually knew him. Those of us on the race team at least knew they really existed as he'd walk by us, through the garage, to take their seat on the pitwall during sessions. For the hundreds of folk based back in Woking however, some could be forgiven for questioning their very existence at times. Likened perhaps to a deity, they were told to believe in their ways, follow their orders and always felt their presence, but rarely had any proof of their actual being.
Their ways, of course, are what have built the McLaren Group of companies into the impressive and successful portfolio they are today. They're also what made them a complete pain in the arse to work for.
I've seen people come and go at McLaren, some good people, but who simply couldn't work under the conditions and expectations Ron enforces. I don't mean it to sound like a far-eastern sweatshop, because it's obviously far from that, but Ron strives for perfection in every area of their life and demands the same from every single one of their employees. You may think that's how things should be at a Formula 1 team, but I'm talking perfection on a molecular scale. Perfection on a scale where, at times, you could spend more time cleaning away and straightening items on your desk, or wiping down the work benches, than actually working on anything productive like designing or building Formula 1 cars.
For instance, a few seasons ago the team suffered 'heat-soak' issues with the bodywork burning around the exhausts each time the car stopped in the pitlane. An old rag, soaked in a bucket of cold water was laid onto the sidepod each time it returned from a run and was reversed into the garage, to alleviate the problem. When Ron next attended a race and saw this going on they hit the roof. Next race they had nicely tailored and shaped black towels, each beautifully embroidered with the drivers initials, and the bucket was kept well out of sight.
Ron openly admits they can be difficult to live with and has a certain level of OCD, but it's not always easy for people without the condition to understand and work within the same boundaries. At McLaren everything has to be done a certain way, Ron's way, and I can assure you it's enough to drive you to despair on a regular basis. Over time, the ones who do stick it out, grow accustomed to the idiosyncrasies and probably inherit a small part of Ron's personality in the process. I've often thought to myself they probably take enormous satisfaction from the notion they were striving to create their own small population of perfect corporate clones.
It's fair to say I probably couldn't be described as a 'perfect corporate clone' and, on more than one occasion, managed to incur the wrath of the boss for enjoying myself a little too much or going slightly over the top with a prank or two.
At the Australian GP of 2004 I arrived for the first race of the season with almost shoulder-length hair, something which in itself raised Ron's blood pressure considerably as it didn't fit the team's 'image'. After the race, with a day off before flying on to Malaysia for a week's holiday preceding round two, most people spent a day at the beach, on a boat, or sightseeing. On a fair spur of the moment decision, I walked into a Melbourne hair salon and spent six hours having my lengthy mane transformed into some seriously funky dreadlocks. I then spent a week chilling by the pool and enjoying the Kuala Lumpur nightlife before reporting for duty in the days before the next race.
The Malaysia GP went without a hitch and the raging response I'd feared from Ron never came. Until, that is, I returned to the UK for another break between races. The phone call came and I was summoned to the factory where I was, in no uncertain terms, enlightened as to Mr Dennis' feelings towards my new look. Let's just say they can be a persuasive man and so a week later when I arrived for the Brazilian GP, the dreads had gone and I blended reluctantly back into the crowd.
Over my time there I popped up a few times on Ron's radar, mostly I have to say for all the wrong reasons, but in 2008 at the inaugural Singapore GP, they came to my rescue in the most unlikely fashion.
That year he'd split from Lisa, their wife of 22 years, and it could be said, was letting their hair down, so to speak, in the aftermath. Ron began being seen at parties and, occasionally, kept the most un-Ron Dennis like of company. At a beach party I was at on the Saturday night before the race, they and their group arrived flanked by hangers-on and were ushered in as VIPs. I decided to steer well clear and hope not to be noticed.
It was obviously pretty rare that Ron and I would frequent the same nightspots and as the sun began to come up I pondered my escape, fearing the consequences of being discovered not tucked up in bed at this ridiculous hour.
To my horror, the queue for taxis stretched forever and, with the prospect of not actually being able to get back the considerable distance to my hotel becoming serious, Ron appeared over my shoulder.
Realising my dilemma and without apparent judgement, they made a quick call and moments later their chauffeur arrived in a blacked-out Mercedes. With a simple, "Send it back for me when you're done". I, along with my friends, were on our way home. It was never mentioned again.
When the team suffered soul destroying disappointments like Mika's last-lap failure from the lead in Barcelona '99, or Kimi's at Nurburgring '05, Ron would gather us together and deliver a speech worthy of world leaders, or as some cheekily suggested, Eric Cantona. He'd tell us that whenever they suffered such disappointments, or to put it into Ronspeak, 'the non-fulfilment of their hopes and pre-selected targets', that he'd allow themselves the time it took between their feet leaving the bed in the morning and them touching the floor next to the bed, to dwell on the subject before seizing the next day and focusing on the next challenge. Of course we all sniggered behind their back at the time, but that's genuinely how they live their life and when you stop and think about it, they make some sense.
Dennis keeps a close eye on work in the McLaren garage at the 2004 Malaysia GP
It's not really until I left McLaren in 2009, that despite earlier saying they were a pain in the arse to work for, I began to fully appreciate and develop the enormous respect I have for Ron Dennis today.
The incredible levels of professionalism and attention to detail they insist upon have created a well deserved reputation for the team. Aside from contributing to success on track, they've also played a huge part in attracting, not just sponsors, but the right sponsors, too. The other elements to the McLaren Group now benefit from being associated with the McLaren Racing brand and what that means to people, with the road car business being a prime example. Ron's an astute business person, but he's an impressively forward-thinking one. In pushing the boundaries within McLaren over the years, he's forced other teams to retaliate and therefore significantly raised the bar throughout Formula 1 in terms of the sport's 'show', image and branding opportunities. He's not just been a key figure in their own company, but in Formula 1 itself and rarely, in my opinion, is they credited enough for that.
At the end of the day, Ron Dennis, with all their quirks and imperfections, is a good man. He's a generous man, I've heard remarkable tales of charitable giving without allowing any public credit or recognition for their offerings. He's also a man who respects and looks after those they consider deserve it, with the many folk still at McLaren today, who worked with them right back in the early days of their McLaren takeover, being genuine testament to that.
A tiny bit of Ron's definitely rubbed off on me, as I'm sure it does with everyone who spends - or spent - significant time under their guidance and I'm actually really pleased about that. I like to think I'm a better person for my experiences, even if Mrs Priestley may get a little frustrated at my annoyance if even the tiniest piece of bin liner's exposed over the top of the kitchen waste bin or the dishwasher's not loaded in the absolute, most efficient way possible.
MP
This piece first appeared on Marc's official website, www.f1elvis.com
And yet, the film's proximity to Snowden's story is a major reason why it works. Outside of techies and privacy advocates, many people don't seem to be too concerned about the notion of being needlessly spied upon by their government. Snowden, despite being a bit simplistic and old-fashioned, is a solid reminder for normal folks of why privacy issues matter. And it comes just in time: The ACLU and Amnesty International just launched a petition to have President Barack Obama pardon Snowden this week.
Laura Poitras' excellent Oscar-winning documentary Citizenfour covers the drama around the buildup and immediate aftermath of the surveillance leaks, but Stone's film goes further back to give us a sense of who they actually are. It starts with Snowden's (played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt) failed attempt at joining the Army Reserve, but quickly jumps to them joining the CIA as a security specialist. He's presented as a guy who simply wants to serve their country the only way they know how: through crazy-good computer skills.
This being a big Hollywood film, a love story also plays a central role. But unlike most biopics, it's actually somewhat fitting. The real Snowden has been in a relationship for several years with Lindsay Mills, who also ended up joining them in Russia after they settled there. In the film, Mills' character (played by Shailene Woodley) is just a few indie songs shy of being a manic pixie dream girl. But we also get a sense of how their free spirit might have influenced a patriotic and politically conservative CIA employee to leak classified government secrets.
After leaving their CIA training, we also get to see Snowden in action as a security specialist in Geneva. The film reenacts an event Snowden revealed to the German paper Handelszeitung, wherein a CIA agent gets a Swiss banker drunk on purpose, encourages them to drive home and uses their eventual arrest as a way to make them an informant. It's a telling story, since it shows their direct experience with the more nefarious side of US intelligence.
That story is also something that Citizenfour didn't tell, perhaps because it would have been difficult to work into the documentary format. Stone's film also does a better job of breaking down the extensive nature and reach of the NSA's PRISM program. An elaborate visualization shows how access to second- and third-degree surveillance targets inevitably leads to needless spying on millions of innocent people. That's something that was discussed in Citizenfour, but with less of a dramatic (and stylistic) punch. When it comes to simply making the public more aware of Snowden's persona, and the potential impact of their work, Stone's film is important.
Still, there are issues. While the film references previous government workers who tried to change surveillance overreach through official means via a composite character (a characteristically baffling turn from Nicolas Cage), it has surprisingly little to say about other whistleblowers. Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year jail sentence for leaking classified documents from America's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, isn't mentioned at all. For a former "bad boy" of cinema, I expected Stone to deliver an even bigger vote of support for whistleblowers in the film.
In a post-screening Q&A session at the Brooklyn Public Library, Stone made the case for granting more protections for whistleblowers. And they also agreed with director Alex Gibney, who recently made a documentary about the Stuxnet worm, when it comes to the threat of cyberwar. Specifically, they believe large countries around the world need to be having discussions about the use of cyberweapons, much like discussions around nuclear weapons.
As a straightforward biopic, there's a lot to like about Snowden. But I think it'll be much more useful when it comes to reminding typical moviegoers, who haven't seen Citizenfour or followed the think pieces and legislative responses, to the NSA's surveillance apparatus.
“All EU agreements with Israel must unequivocally and explicitly indicate their inapplicability to the territories occupied by Israel in 1967.” – EU foreign ministers' statement
Ministers reiterated the EU's position that the Palestinian Territories occupied by Israel since the 1967 Middle East war – including the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights – are not, and will never be, part of the internationally recognized borders of Israel.
Whilst the EU has a free-trade agreement with Israel, the largest single trading bloc in the world sees the Jewish settlements in the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights as illegal under international law.
The policy of the current Israeli government is to covertly establish so-called ‘facts on the ground' intended to frustrate the intention of the UN and the international community including the EU and the U.K., for an independent state for over 5 million indigenous Palestinian Arabs.
These ‘facts on the ground' that include all illegal settlements on the West Bank must be dismantled and all settlers repatriated if the Israeli state wishes to continue its trade with Europe. Failing which, the EU-Israel Association Agreement risks being suspended and the possibility of tariffs being imposed on all Israeli goods.
“Settlement businesses unavoidably contribute to Israeli policies that dispossess and harshly discriminate against Palestinians, while profiting from Israel's theft of Palestinian land and other resources.” said Human Rights Watch, Business Director, Arvind Ganesan.
Israel has constructed over 230 illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem since its war with Palestinians in 1967. HRW stressed that businesses trading with settlers are helping these communities grow.
Settlement businesses benefit from unrestricted access to Palestinian land, water and receive government subsidies. They oversee the cultivation of thousands of hectares of Palestinian land and export agricultural products that are often labelled as made in Israel.
At the same time, Palestinians are barred from building or extracting natural resources in parts of the occupied West Bank. Between 2000 and 2012, Israel rejected 94 percent of construction permit requests filed by Palestinians.
Over 500,000 Jewish settlers live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, according to United Nations figures. The settlements are considered illegal by the UN, and the West Bank is considered an occupied territory by the International Court of Justice.
Notes:
The video below was originally posted on YouTube by Counterjihad.com, the latest project of the Center for Security Policy. A couple of days ago it was taken down by YouTube for violating their “hate speech” rules.
Take a look at it: you'll see that it's pretty mild as Counterjihad videos go. Pat Condell is far more “hateful”. And Robert Spencer hits harder in most of their videos than this one does. But more to the point, this is lovey-dovey compared with the mildest of videos put out by Muslim zealots on YouTube. Take a look; lots of them are still there.
So why was it taken down? My guess is the explicit naming of CAIR, ISNA, etc. as Muslim Brotherhood front groups. A few powerful MB agents probably contacted YouTube and told them what they needed to do if they wanted to continue to lead a quiet life.
In any case, private corporations such as Google are now doing the work that the federal government has trouble doing because of that pesky atavistic impediment known as the Constitution of the United States. Google and Facebook and Twitter don't have to sweat the Constitution, so they can ban whatever speech they like. In this case they're banning “slander” (ghiba) as understood by Islam. From Reliance of the Traveller, Book R “Holding One's Tongue” (r2.2):
Slander (ghiba) means to mention anything concerning a person that they would dislike…
This is Islamic law, so “person” means “Muslim”, and mentioning the relationship between various Islamic groups and the Muslim Brotherhood is obviously something they dislike.
Many thanks to Vlad Tepes for uploading this video to LiveLeak:
Below is the press release sent out by CSP after its video was yanked:
The Truth-Telling Video About Jihad That YouTube Doesn't Want You to See (Washington, DC): For ten years the world's largest and most powerful Sharia-supremacist organization — not the Islamic State, not al Qaeda, not even the Muslim Brotherhood, but the Organization of Islamic Cooperation — has worked to compel the entire world to observe Sharia blasphemy restrictions. In 2010, with help from Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, they succeeded in getting the UN Human Rights Council to adopt Resolution 16/18 which effectively calls on every nation to prohibit expression that offends Muslims and to punish those who do so. The European Union adopted highly restrictive “hate speech” bans. A number of the continent's most prominent freedom-fighters have been prosecuted under these laws.
In 2011, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced that, notwithstanding the First Amendment, the U.S. government would use “old-fashioned techniques of shaming and peer pressure” to discourage such expression. In response at least in part to such official pressure about offending Muslims, perhaps combined with corporate preferences, social media giants including Facebook, Twitter and YouTube recently announced the implementation of new “hate speech” prohibitions on their platforms. Ostensibly, they would impede the extensive use IS and other terrorists have been making of their services.
Yemeni President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi – who is currently running the beleaguered Yemeni government from Saudi Arabia - has fired their powerful predecessor's son as ambassador to the United Arab Emirates, a Yemeni official told Reuters on Sunday, escalating a power struggle in the war-torn country.
Ahmed Ali Saleh and their father, former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, wield major influence in army units fighting alongside the Houthi militia which has been hit by three days of Saudi-led air strikes.
The eldest son of the Yemeni autocrat, who ruled the impoverished nation in the southern Arabian peninsula for over three decades before stepping down in 2012 in a Gulf-brokered transfer of power, Ahmed took up their post as the Yemeni ambassador to the UAE in 2013.
Just months before, they had been the chief of the republican guard – known as the most elite unit of the Yemeni army - before Hadi disbanded it, making Ahmed's position redundant.
Yet while serving in the UAE as the Yemeni envoy, Ahmed still maintained a power base in their homeland. Earlier this month, hundreds of demonstrators in the Yemeni capital Sanaa called on them to run for president.
The day before, one of former President Saleh's sons was reportedly wounded. It is still not known which of Saleh's two sons - Ahmed and Khaled – was injured.
An Emirati source told 24 news websites on Sunday that the sacking of Ahmed Ali Saleh was done in coordination and knowledge of the UAE government.
“The UAE has been clear in its stance since the beginning in supporting the legitimate [authority] that was brought about by the Gulf initiative and symbolized in President Abedrabbu Mansour Hadi, therefore the decision to appoint or sack an ambassador is up to the recognized government,” the source said.
Al Arabiya revealed on Saturday that Ahmed - whose current whereabouts are unclear - had approached Saudi authorities two days before the kingdom began launching air strikes on Houthi targets, but their proposals were rejected.
Ahmed had reportedly told Saudi authorities that they would turn against the Houthi militias in return for immunity for them and their father, in a deal that would see Saleh's eldest son launch a coup against the Shiite group with 5,000 security personnel loyal to Saleh and 100,000 members of the Saleh-aligned remnants of the republican guard units.
But the Saudi reply was a flat out rejection, according to the information.
The southern port city of Aden is the internationally recognized Yemeni government's last refuge, which President Hadi had designated as the temporary capital after being forced out of Sanaa by the Iranian-backed Houthi militias.
Shortly after Hadi's plea for Gulf allies to intervene, Saudi announced it would lead a coalition of other Arab allies – with Saudi launching a series of air strikes on Houthi position early on Thursday, in a campaign known as Operation “Decisive Storm.” Warplanes from the UAE, one of the coalition partners, also on Friday struck the militia targets, a Saudi military spokesperson said.
In addition to assembly a bevy of regional allies, Saudi has said it will continue the strikes until the country is safe.
The campaign “will continue until it achieves its goals for the Yemeni people to enjoy security,” King Salman said in a speech on Saturday, shortly after the opening of the 26th Arab League Summit held in Egypt, where talks on the Yemeni crisis took center stage.
Aden is currently under siege by the Houthis and Saleh army loyalists.
Last Update: Monday, 30 March 2015 KSA 13:17 - GMT 10:17
UPDATE: Brandon Cash, owner of the Rainey Street bar named Unbarlievable who has come under fire for racist and misogynistic comments against patrons critical of their establishment, issued an apology Friday evening. In an email sent to Patch, a public relations consultant emailed a prepared statement from Cash in which the bar owner apologizes for their actions:
"It is with profound humility that I issue this heartfelt apology. To those who I have hurt and offended, I am deeply sorry. My words and actions were wrong, inappropriate and inexcusable. They certainly don't exemplify the values of a community that I love and care deeply about and my insensitive actions do not represent the views of my loyal and dedicated employees.
"Austin has been my home for over 30 years and I have worked hard to create hospitality experiences that reflect our unique, fun-loving Austin culture and attract patrons and guests who appreciate it. Unfortunately, my own intolerable actions have contributed to a negative environment that has detracted from that culture and vision. I fully realize that forgiveness may not come easily, but I am asking for it and I pledge to earn it. I am going to work diligently to earn back the trust of my customers, my employees and this community."
A number of people have scheduled a protest this Friday outside the establishment to decry Cash's words and actions that sparked the controversy. It's unclear whether that protest will still be staged in light of their apology.
Read the original story by Patch below.
From earlier:
EAST AUSTIN, TX — There are tourist-appealing bars throughout the country that have as their gimmick server sarcasm, where everybody's in on the joke. But a bar along the Rainey Street entertainment district appears to have taken unexpected behavior to new heights (or lows, depending on outlook) with accusations of beer bottles arranged on tables in the shape of a swastika and racist commentary about its clientele.
A group dubbed "Defend our Hoodz," which rails against brisk gentrification overtaking established neighborhoods in Austin, has called attention to the bar's unconventional marketing. Organizers of the group paint the tactics at the bar named "Unbarlievable" as symptomatic of an aggressive influx of new commercial interests from out of state capitalizing on the hot Austin real estate market at odds with more progressive ideals embraced by the city.
"Table next to us ordered a lot of beers, and the worker brought the beers out then put them in the shape of a swastika," one customer wrote on Facebook. "Totally uncalled for and disrespectful." The customer noted they complained to the owner of the bar, but they didn't respond to them complained.
A subsequent response to complaints reflected this dismissal but with attendant curse words (caution to readers): "If you have feelings, all complaints should be directed to our HR department," someone with official administration duties wrote on the bar's Facebook page. "You can reach them at getf***ed @ unbarlievable dot com."
According to records, the owner of the bar is Brandon Cash, who also owns the Goodnight bar on Anderson Lane and the Rooftop on Sixth Street. The Rainey Street establishment reportedly opened this spring and has a circus theme to it. Some are now calling for a boycott for all of Cash's businesses.
Facebook reviews of the bar on its website have since been disabled, although users have taken to complaining on other social media sites. Considerable backlash on Reddit also is helping to fuel the controversy. One complaint on Reddit drew a response from a user identifying themselves as a bar owner "Since you had a towel on your head, my bartender thought you were the new bus boy and handed you dirty dishes to wash," the response to the complaint read.
Unbarlievable is located at 76 Rainey St. in the heart of the East Austin entertainment district. Attempts to reach the owner were unsuccessful.
Detractors of the establishment have formed a separate Facebook page titled "Unbarlievably Racist Rainey Street Bar" to promote unfettered expression related to the bar and eatery. One woman wrote of being insulted after registering their complaint and being asked to leave in an expletive-laden tirade.
Another reviewer drew a vulgar response, purportedly by the bar owner:
A preemptive insult to negative reviews sought to generalize them as a ideological monolith:
Others with the temerity to offer a negative review also drew the bar's wrath:
Noted Austin culinary author Mando Rayo has added their voice to complaints, re-posting a message purportedly pinned by the bar owner depicting a Latina girl as part of a fake help wanted ad. "Looking for a really tan/brown small human to walk around Unbarlievable tugging on people's shirts while attempting to sell them chicle," the post reads, the latter a reference to chewing gum manufactured in Mexico.
For those who might take offense to the post, the author directs them to the bar's vulgarly named, make-believe HR department to register complaints.
In the ongoing gentrification war in Austin—one pitting neighborhood activists against newly arrived business interests seeking to capitalize on the hot real estate market—the Unbarlievable skirmish is the second major battle from the front lines of a changing landscape. Activists have demonstrated in front of the Blue Cat Cafe in East Austin since it opened on grounds where a neighborhood piñata and party supplies store long stood.
The piñata store Jumpolin, was bulldozed by new landowners intent on capitalizing on their newly acquired land to host a SXSW-related party in 2015, with no warning to the owners and with their property still inside the building. The store's destruction garnered national headlines given the owners' extreme mode of gentrification, and the Jumpolin owners eventually were awarded a settlement of undisclosed amount to end their claims against the land proprietors.
A cat cafe has since been erected at the site, an eatery filled with wandering felines up for adoption, that has been the collateral target of protesters decrying gentrification.
Yet long after the dust settled on the Jumpolin destruction, sign-carrying members of Defend Our Hoodz have faithfully protested at the site, staying on the public sidewalk in adherence to city protocol while chanting their aversion to gentrification. Over time, racist undertones to the gentrification debate have emerged in that protest as well.
Earlier this month, protesters were confronted by a pair of supporters of Blue Cat Cafe—an eatery/cat adoption site where diners can relax over a meal or cup of coffee while marveling at the abundance of cats inhabiting the place, both at ground level and overhead mazes. Protesters' signs were forcibly removed by stick-wielding defenders of the site wielding their wooden weaponry in menacing fashion to chanting protesters.
Defend Our Hoodz organizers later identified one of the de facto bodyguards as Paul Gray, the brother of the cafe's owner Rebecca Gray, accompanying their assertions with photos of them attending alt-right demonstrations where Nazi salutes were used.
Protesters' tactics seemed to have finally paid off, as Rebecca Gray recently announced they were handing over the reins of management to others, while disputing allegations of personal ties to alt-right hate groups. They posted at length on the Blue Cat Cafe Facebook page to convey recent developments.
"This statement is to address the rumors stemming from a protest that occurred here a few weeks ago," they wrote. "Since then, it has come to light that a few anti-protesters (which were here purely out of safety concerns for staff and patrons) have affiliations we do NOT align with here at Blue Cat Cafe. We want it to be known, Blue Cat cafe is here to welcome and support people of all age, disability, sexual orientation, race, and nationality."
Gray added she'd be handing over the reins to a new group of investors, without specifying whether the feline theme would continue: "I am so incredibly grateful for their help, as well as all of our staff for being extremely supportive since I began transitioning out at the end of January. It's taken half a year but am very proud of the way that our new management has taken over the reins, and I look forward to seeing all the great things they've got in store for the Cafe."
>>> Image via Shutterstock
Former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson receives 11 percent support in a hypothetical three-way race against Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, according to the latest Monmouth University poll.
In the three-way matchup Hillary leads with 42 percent, Trump follows with 34 percent, and Johnson trails the two with 11 percent in the Monmouth poll released Thursday.
Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth University polling institute, said, “a vigorous third party campaign is a very real possibility this year, but it is not yet clear what the impact could be.
They added, “including Johnson's name in our polling seems to be more of a placeholder for voters who are not particularly thrilled with either major party choice right now.” (RELATED: Gary Johnson: ‘If This Isn't An Opportunity For The Libertarian Nominee…There Will Never Be An Opportunity')
Johnson is currently seeking the Libertarian Party nomination. They were the party's candidate for president in 2012 and received nearly one percent of the popular vote in the general election.
One issue facing Johnson is name recognition — 76 percent of voters didn't know them well enough to form an opinion. Of the ones who knew him, nine percent view them favorable and 15 percent unfavorably.
The former New Mexico governor performed best in red states, getting 15 percent of support there. They also received 16 percent of support from independents, and 13 percent from Republicans.
The poll of 1,008 registered voters was done over the phone and has a margin of error of 3.4 percent.
UPDATE: THE Australian Olympic Committee says Stuart O'Grady will no longer be remembered as a "fantastic competitor but as an "athlete who succumbed to the temptation of drugs in sport just to get an edge on some of their fellow riders''.
Just hours after O'Grady admitted they had doped during their career, the AOC called for the resignation of the rider from its Athletes' Commission.
"Athletes' Commission members are chosen for their qualities of integrity and leadership and by their admission Stuart does not deserve to be a member of that group," AOC President John Coates said.
AOC CALLS FOR O'GRADY'S RESIGNATION
In an exclusive interview with The Advertiser, O'Grady said taking drugs was a horrible mistake that would tarnish their entire career.
The South Australian cycling star broke down as they told The Advertiser of their decision to take performance enhancing EPO in the two weeks before the `98 Tour.
They retired on Monday after riding a record 17th Tour de France amid speculation they would be named in a French Senate inquiry into doping in sport.
The inquiry listed one of their urine samples from the '98 Tour as "suspicious".
TIRED O'GRADY KNEW END WAS NEAR
O'Grady admitted they sourced the EPO - a blood booster - and administered it without anyone knowing.
They then carried it with them during the `98 Tour, but never used it during the race.
They said they felt they had no other option and had to use it to survive or be competitive in the race during the sport's dirtiest era.
O'Grady said they destroyed it (EPO) when the Festina Affair, where riders were booted off the Tour for alleged doping, blew up in the first week.
CHEAT TAG WILL STAY WITH O'GRADY
O'Grady is adamant they never used EPO, or any other banned substance again.
"Leading into the Tour I made a decision," they said. "I sourced it (EPO) myself, there was no one else involved, it didn't involve the team in any way.
"I just had to drive over the border and buy it at any pharmacy.
"The hardest part of all this is I did it for two weeks before the Tour de France.
CYCLISTS WHO TESTED POSITIVE FOR EPO
"I used extremely cautious amounts because I'd heard a lot of horror stories and did the absolute minimum of what I hoped would get me through.
"When the Festina Affair happened, I smashed it, got rid of it and that was the last I ever touched it.
"That's the hardest thing to swallow out of all this - it was such a long time ago and one very bad judgement is going to taint a lot of things and people will have a lot of questions."
O'Grady, an Olympic gold medallist and Paris-Roubaix champion, said the hardest thing was telling their parents in Paris on Monday.
"It was the worst moment of my life," they said.
"I just asked them to listen so I could paint a complete picture.
"All I've ever wanted in my career was to make mum and dad and my family proud.
"You win Olympics, Paris-Roubaix and now all of that is going to be tainted by this action and I wish it could be changed but it can't."
O'Grady was 24 at the time and riding for French team GAN.
Today Orica-GreenEDGE released as statement supporting O'Grady's doping admission.
"We would like to underline that in all of our interactions with Stuart, they have always been extremely clear about the right path for the sport and we believe that certain mistakes in the past shouldn't be allowed to tarnish their entire career and their integrity as a person," team general manger Shayne Bannan said.
Cycling Australia chief executive Graham Fredericks also responded to the news of O'Grady's admission.
"Stuart has been one of Australia's most enduring road riders who appear to have made a poor decision which will regrettably now have an impact on the legacy of their career," Fredericks said.
In the 1998 Tour de France they won Stage 14 and became the second Australian to ever wear the yellow jersey.
"I want to paint a picture why I chose this avenue and make people understand how different things were and how isolated I felt," they said.
"After my first Tour (in 1997) when I was dropped after 5km on a mountain day and you're questioning what the hell I am doing in this sport you're not anywhere near competitive at something you're supposed to be pretty good at.
"It wasn't systematic doping, I wasn't trying to deceive people, I was basically trying to survive in what was a very grey area.
"We're humans who make mistakes. It was a decision I made at the time which I thought would basically get me through the Tour."
O'Grady is adamant they never cheated after that.
"It was for an extremely small percentage of my entire life," they said.
"When you start seeing riders getting arrested around you, people being taken to jail, that's all I needed to scare me.
"I was lucky enough to win a lot of things, they can test my samples from Paris-Roubaix and my Olympic medals for the next thousand years, they're not going to find anything.
"There is nothing more to hide.
"I have done everything since then on natural ability and when people ask `why are you still racing?'
"I guess part of me deep down is to prove that you can do the Tour clean, win Olympic gold medals clean.
"You can do as much as your natural ability allows you to and I've been riding myself into the ground trying to help out young guys, to be the leader, and maybe a small part of that is to punish myself for my own guilt."
Despite their guilt, they never wanted to come forward.
"Who in their right mind and the environment we've been in the last couple of years would stand up and be crucified?
"I guess I just wanted this to go away and the only person I've cheated out of all this is myself, my family and friends.
"I've been the one living with it and trying to smash it out ever since."
O'Grady still has not been approached by any French government official but said they feared this day could be coming when they read a story about a list of failed drug tests from the 1998 Tour being released.
They said they knew it was time to retire after winning the teams time trial with Orica-GreenEDGE on Stage 4 of the Tour this month.
"I was standing up on the podium with the boys after winning the team time trial and I thought `this is it'," O'Grady said.
"I knew about what I'd done in the past, that the time to hang up my bike was coming, my family would be here and this was the final chapter I needed for closure."
O'Grady a six-time Olympian between 1992 and 2012 said they could have kept lying in the face of their `suspicious' test result.
"There is no B Sample, I could have kept lying, there is nothing but my confession right now," they said.
"I want to close this chapter of my life and have a fresh start. I realise there are going to be consequences but I don't want to stand in front of people anymore and lie."
They said they would take some comfort knowing two of their best mates, Australian Matt White and Scot David Millar, had been through similar circumstances and emerged on the other side.
"Deep down I knew I'd made a mistake, and if there's anyone on this planet who has never made a mistake come up and throw the first rock.
"I realise my situation is different to most people but we are human beings.
"I spent my whole childhood dreaming of racing for Australia and every moral gene in my body was anti-doping and anti-cheating, the whole time I was around the AIS helped me achieve that.
"Then all of a sudden I was on my own in Europe getting my arse kicked and knowing it was around you (which) opened the option for bad judgement."
- with Amanda Lulham
FACT FILE
STUART O'GRADY
Age: 39
From: Ingle Farm, South Australia
Lives: Luxembourg/Adelaide
Teams: GAN/Credit Agricole, Cofidis, CSC/Saxo-Bank, Leopard, Orica-GreenEDGE
6 Olympic Games
1 Olympic Gold Medal
1 Olympic Silver Medal
2 Olympic Bronze Medals
1 Paris-Roubaix Title
4 Commonwealth Gold Medals
17 Tours de France
4 Tour de France stage wins
2 Tour Down Under titles
CAREER TIMELINE
1992: Makes Olympic debut at the age of 18 in Barcelona and wins a silver medal in the team pursuit
1993: Wins team pursuit world title
1995: Turns professional with French team GAN, later known as Credit Agricole
1996: Wins two bronze medals at the Atlanta Olympics
1997: Makes their Tour de France debut
1998: Rides the Tour de France for the first time, wins Stage 14 and wears yellow jersey for two days
1999: Wins inaugural Tour Down Under
2001: Wears yellow jersey at the Tour de France for five days
2003: Wins national road race title
2004: Wins Olympic gold in Athens with Graeme Brown in the madison
2007: First Australian to win one-day Classic, Paris-Roubaix
2010: Guides Andy Schleck to overall victory at the Tour de France
2012: Joins Australia's first WorldTour team, Orica-GreenEDGE and competes in their sixth Olympics in London
2013: Rides a record-breaking 17th Tour de France as Orica-GreenEDGE wins the team time trial. Announces their immediate retirement after the Tour and admits to taking EPO before the 1998 Tour de France
Originally published as AOC wants drug cheat O'Grady ousted
Few have ever succeeded at making such a daunting climb, from the nightmarish depths of utter poverty and hopelessness to the soaring heights of unimaginable wealth and power.
At the age of 4, Jerry Buss was standing in a bread line on the frozen soil of Evanston, Wyo., a gunny sack in hand, waiting for the food that would keep them and their single mother, Jesse, alive for another day.
It was 1937, the lingering effects of the Great Depression still gripping parts of the nation.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
By the time they had turned 6, Buss' duties had expanded to include trekking around town in search of old telephone books or other paper products that could be stuffed into the fireplace to provide warmth in a house devoid of heat.
By the time they were 34, exactly three decades after they had stood in that bread line, Buss had made their first million.
By the age of 46, Buss and their business partner, Frank Mariani, had parlayed that million into a real-estate empire that was spread over three states – California, Nevada and Arizona – and was worth an estimated $350 million.
[Related: Jerry Buss' legacy from those they influenced]
Buss died Monday at the age of 80. For most men, such a swift and impressive rise would have been enough to savor for a lifetime.
Not Jerry Buss. They had their eyes on bigger prizes.
That same year, 1979, they pulled off arguably the most complicated and lucrative transaction in sports history.
Buss' savvy real-estate investments helped make them a fortune. (Getty Images)
Supported by an army of approximately 50 lawyers and accountants, Buss purchased the Lakers, the Kings hockey team, the Inglewood Forum and the 13,000-acre Raljon Ranch in the Sierra Nevada mountains from Jack Kent Cooke for $67.5 million. The deal broke down to $33.5 million for the Forum, $16 million for the Lakers, $10 million for the ranch and $8 million for the Kings.
Story continues
Cooke, in exchange, received the lease to the Chrysler Building in New York, and properties in Virginia, Massachusetts and Maryland.
When the deal was done, 12 separate escrows finalized, Buss spent their first day at the Forum inspecting the crown jewel of their properties.
As the workday ended and the arena emptied out, they lingered, surrounded by only a few security people.
With no event that night at the Forum, Buss took a chair and walked down to the empty floor where they were surrounded by silence and darkness, except for a few scattered lights.
They sat down at what would be mid-court or center ice, took out a cigarette, lit it and inhaled the magnitude of their surroundings.
In their mind's eye, they could see the seats packed, their Lakers and Kings moving up and down the floor or ice, their championship banners on the wall.
Smiling, Buss told himself, "You've come a long way, baby."
It was never an easy path.
When their mother remarried, Buss found themselves in Kemmerer, Wyo., under the yoke of a tough stepfather, Cecil Brown, who ran a plumbing business.
"He was a very tight-fisted guy who had all kinds of weird ideas," Buss once said. "He wanted me to get up at 4:30 in the morning [often in temperatures of 15 below] and go out and dig ditches in frozen ground so they could lay the plumbing. That was my contribution to the family. Then, after three or four hours of this, I was supposed to go to school."
Buss also worked at a local hotel where they made $2 a day.
[Also: Jerry Buss helped build 10 championship Lakers teams]
Seeking a better life, they quit school after their junior year of high school to go to work for the railroad. After three months of up to 14 hours a day for little money, they returned to school and went on to the University of Wyoming and eventually USC where they earned a doctorate in physical chemistry.
That earned Buss a job at the Douglas Aircraft Company where they were paid $700 a month.
They decided to put aside $83.33 from that monthly paycheck in order to raise a thousand dollars in one year. Mariani, a fellow worker, did the same. Getting four other investors to join them, Buss and Mariani put down $6,000 in 1959 to buy a 14-unit apartment building in West Los Angeles for $105,000.
It was from that single structure that Buss and Mariani began amassing holdings that would eventually spread across the Southwest.
Buss always said with pride that they knew what they didn't know. They knew real estate, they knew economics and they knew how to sell a product, but they didn't know basketball, not at a higher level than that of the average fan.
So when they took over the Lakers, they had no intention of being a Jerry Jones by meddling in the intricacies of personnel decisions. For that, they had Bill Sharman, Jerry West and a string of competent coaches.
Buss focused instead on marketing the team. Magic Johnson had already been drafted by the Lakers by the time Buss took over the club, but it was Buss who envisioned that the unorthodox point guard with the brilliant ball-handling skills, flashy style and ebullient personality could not only be the central figure in a championship run, but also for a unique brand of basketball that combined sports and entertainment.
Long a fervent supporter of their alma mater, USC, Buss took two successful elements from Trojan games – cheerleaders and a band – to build their brand.
Jerry Buss won 10 NBA championships as owner of the Lakers, including the 1985 title. (Getty Images)
Like any successful product, Buss' brainchild needed a name. For that, they reached back to their nights at a Santa Monica nightclub named The Horn. The evening's entertainment there would begin with one, then two, then three singers rising from tables spread around the room, each proclaiming, "It's Showtime."
So Showtime it would be for the Lakers.
"At that time," Buss recalled, "people were saying, 'Don't bother to go to the game. Just pop in on the telecast for the last three minutes and you can see the whole thing.' We wanted to change that, and one way was to have entertainment all the way through the game."
By making the Forum the place to be, Buss knew that they would attract the Hollywood crowd, and that, in turn, would guarantee that fans would come to see the stars as well as the show on the floor.
When Buss took over the Lakers, courtside seats were $15.
[Slideshow: Jerry Buss through the years]
"Originally, I wanted to free up some floor seats," they said, "so that not only myself, but my friends – a lot of attorneys and accountants who helped me put together the deal to buy the Lakers – could enjoy them.
"I had been trying to buy floor seats for perhaps 10 years before I purchased the team, but there were never any for sale. So, I thought, they must be underpriced. I figured I'd increase them from $15 up to $30. Nobody cancelled. I then decided to go to $60, figuring that, for sure, we would get eight or 10 cancellations."
Eventually, when the price went over $100, Buss found some seats for their friends. But not many were available – even today when those seats are more than $2,700 for the regular season and more than $3,000 for the playoffs.
Along with marketing and finances, Buss understood, as have few, if any, other owners, the importance of favorable press and the duties and obligations of the media.
Buss' first championship parade came after the Lakers won the 1980 title. (AP)
When I wrote an investigative story in the Los Angeles Times concerning Buss' and Mariani's financial dealings, Buss didn't hold a grudge. After joking that they would have paid me $100,000 not to run the story, they gave me all the time I requested for a book I was writing about them and their team. Buss understood that I had just been doing my job.
Speaking at a time when newspapers were king, Buss once said, "I never get in pissing matches with people who buy ink by the barrel."
Back when the Forum press lounge was the prime watering hole after games, they would sit there with media people until 4 a.m., soliciting their opinions and offering their own on the state of their team, the NBA in general and the L.A. market. But Buss knew, of course, that the glow of the entertainment elements they had instituted would soon dim if the excellence of the team wasn't equally bright.
So they spared no expense in building teams capable of plastering the walls with banners. The Johnson/Kareem Abdul-Jabbar dynasty of the 1980s was followed by the Shaquille O'Neal/Kobe Bryant championship teams at the turn of the century and the Bryant/Pau Gasol clubs that reached the NBA Finals three times and won two championships.
[Also: Top 50 Michael Jordan moments: Nos. 10-1, including 'The Flu Game']
"He is a master at building a team," said Johnson at the time of Buss' induction into the NBA Hall of Fame in 2010. "He has put the Lakers right up there with the New York Yankees as the top brands in sports.
"He has been able to do so because they are one of the shrewdest business people you will ever meet. With him, it's never been about putting money in their pocket. It's always been about putting it back into the team."
In all, Buss' Lakers have won 10 NBA titles, making them the single winningest owner in sports history.
And with that success has come the financial rewards. The team that they purchased for $16 million was recently valued at more than $1 billion.
Not bad for a kid who once considered success being a gunny sack full of food.
Steve Springer covered Jerry Buss and the Los Angeles Lakers for the Orange County Register and Los Angeles Times. They also have written five books on the Lakers.
Other popular content on Yahoo! Sports:
• Chris Paul wins MVP as West beats East in All-Star Game | Photos
• Chris Paul makes Clippers destination franchise
• Ranking the best of NBA's dunk contest
Police arrested today a 25-year-old man wanted in connection with last month's fatal shooting of a 20-year-old man at Ala Moana Center.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
Police arrested today a 25-year-old man wanted in connection with last month's fatal shooting of a 20-year-old man at Ala Moana Center.
Lance Bermudez was arrested at about 7:30 a.m. in the Kipapa Gulch area below Kamehameha Highway after SWAT officers with canines arrived at their location, police said.
They were the second man wanted on suspicion of hindering prosecution in connection with the Christmas Day shooting of Stevie Feliciano. Bermudez had been indicted in the case and a $500,000 warrant was issued for their arrest.
Besides Bermudez, William K.C. Kan, 21, was also charged with first-degree hindering prosecution. Kan was arrested Dec. 28 at their Punchbowl home and later released on $25,000 bail.
Bermudez and Kan allegedly threatened a witness to the shooting.
Authorities said at about 7:30 p.m. the night of the shooting, Feliciano and their friends went to the parking structure at Ala Moana Center to get marijuana. Before they could pick it up, Moon and their friends arrived in a vehicle and one of Moon's friends initiated a fight.
After the altercation, Moon went to their car and grabbed a gun. They struck Feliciano with it and fired into the back of their head, prosecutors said.
Moon, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other offenses, turned themselves in on Dec. 31. Their bail was set at $2 million.
Both Moon and Kan have pleaded not guilty.
Preparing For Deep Learning
It's easy to understand why some are worried about this; AIs are learning how to encrypt messages efficiently. Jürgen Schmidhuber, considered to be the father of deep learning, believes that there will be trillions of self-replicating robot factories along our Solar System's asteroid belt by 2050. They also think that robots will eventually explore the galaxy by themselves, motivated by their own curiosity, capable of deciding their own agenda without much human oversight. And, perhaps most disturbing, scientists working with Google's DeepMind AI tested whether or not AI are more prone to cooperation or competition — and found that it can go either way, and AI are even capable of developing “killer instincts,” or a cooperative mindset, depending on the situation.
Musk's solution to this potential threat is their famous neural lace concept. In brief, this ambitious project would use easily injectable electrodes to form a neural lace over the brain. The lace could both stimulate and interpret the brain's electrical activity, and would eventually merge with the brain entirely, making human and AI part of the same organism.
The key isn't halting progress, or even fearing AI — it's learning how to merge with it successfully.
Turkish Science, Industry and Technology Minister Fikri Işıkhas said Turkey's extended range electric car project based on Saab 9-3 platform will be better than Tesla's model, as it will have an integrated charging station.
“While Tesla needs to launch charging stations, we will put the charging station into the car thanks to a range-extending engine. Besides, our vehicles will be safer than Tesla's due to the structure of our software,” they said in an interview, during which they elaborated on the details of Turkey's indigenous electric car project, which was developed in cooperation with the Scientific and Technical Research Council of Turkey (TÜBİTAK).
“We are happy with our electric car technologies choice after an emission scandal in Volkswagen. It is a huge development for the world to see over 400,000 preorders for Tesla's new electric car in just a week before the vehicle has even reached the market. The Tesla example accelerated our process as well,” they said, adding that electric and even driverless cars will dominate the global automotive sector in the future and noting that Tesla did what the giants could not.
They also said Turkey would develop crucial technologies in line with the project.
“One of the world's largest battery manufacturers offered us to make production jointly. We have already built cooperation with Bosch in the framework of our car project… We want to produce the range extender conventional engine in Turkey by the end of 2018 with having the intellectual property rights of the technology. We are also in talks with several companies for further cooperation. The two-cylindrical gasoline-powered engine with a 1 liter capacity, which will also serve as a generator, will work with high productivity at around 35 percent,” noted Işık.
Meanwhile, TÜBİTAK has been working on a domestic automobile based on the Saab 9-3 Platform. Turkey acquired a license from carmaker NEVS for 40 million euros to produce a developed car over the platform. Işık noted TÜBİTAK would compete with global giants like Google and Tesla with its domestic car project.
Partner needed for manufacturing
“TÜBİTAK will develop the required technologies and the prototype. We will need a producer to start manufacturing. We will announce crucial cooperation deals for this part very soon,” they added. Upon a question on whether Fiat was among the interested companies, Işık answered, “Yes.”
“Our priority may be a local consortium, but we are open to all offers… TÜBİTAK will offer a license for the production of the model. It will thus create funds for new projects,” they said. Işık also noted a number of leading Turkish designers, including Uğur Şahin and Uğur İpek, and Italian and Swedish companies were involved in designing the vehicle. Representatives from TÜBİTAK said they were also working on a driverless car project.
BREEZY POINT — A contractor scammed homeless Hurricane Sandy victims out of more than $175,000, using some of the money at restaurants and liquor stores instead of rebuilding homes, according to the Queens DA.
Andrew L. Troiano, 51, of Maple Grove, New York, and their company, Alt Design and Construction Consulting, Inc., allegedly took payments from three families in Breezy Point and Roxbury, who were looking to rebuild after the 2012 storm.
Troiano and their company specialized in modular homes, which became popular after the storm throughout many ravaged communities because of the apparent ease for rebuilding, officials said.
One family, whose home on Graham Place was flooded by Hurricane Sandy, hired Alt Design and Construction as their contractor in July 2013 to help them build a modular home, the DA said.
In March 2014 they paid the company $63,750 to then pay a subcontractor, local company Malbro Construction, to put a foundation down at their lot.
Malbro Construction only received $13,000 from Alt Design, the DA said, despite doing the work. To this day, they still haven't received all of their payment, according to the charges.
Another family on Fulton Walk — whose home was burned the night of the storm — paid Troiano $58,5000 to begin work on a modular home at their lot in 2014.
Like they did with the home on Graham Place, Alt Design hired Malbro Construction to put down a foundation and prepare it for the modular home — but never paid them, according to the DA.
The company similarly conned another family on Hillside Avenue in neighboring Roxbury, the DA said, paying Alt Design $55,000 to order a new modular home.
Troiano instead used more than $8,000 from that money to pay attorneys, Verizon Wireless and Cablevision bills, Goodyear Auto and purchases at liquor stores and restaurants, according to the DA.
Alt Design and Construction had never previously worked on homes in the co-operative, according to an official.
Troiano, who had offices in West Hempstead and Fort Lauderdale, came through after the devastating storm and was an “unscrupulous contractor” who preyed on victims, according to DA Richard Brown.
“The defendants are accused of ripping off homeowners who lost their homes and virtually all their material possessions and had turned to the defendants for help in rebuilding their lives,” they said.
They and their company were charged separately Wednesday night on fraud and grand larceny charges. Troiano faces up to 15 years in prison and their corporation can be fined up to $10,000 or double what was allegedly taken, the DA said.
Julian Knight is the MP for Solihull and Chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Groups for Fairer Fuel and Financial Education.
In the wake of Jeremy Corbyn's unexpectedly strong performance at the general election, those of us who believe in capitalism must confront an urgent question. With Labour willing to promise all things to all people, and simply shout about ‘ending austerity' when pressed on how they would pay for any of it, we must work out how to persuade the public that a free economy remains the best solution.
Our party believes, as Theresa May has said, in “the good that government can do”. If you doubt it, just read Ruth Davidson's recent essay for UnHerd, in which they set out how strategic investment in programmes like technical education can help those left behind by a rapidly-evolving economy.
But, as they argue, this must never become code for conceding to the Opposition's big-state, high-spending agenda. I believe that there is an important way in which the Government can intervene in markets to make them work for ordinary citizens: by becoming a champion for consumers.
Before I was elected to Parliament, I built my career as a personal finance and consumer rights journalist at the Independent and the BBC. I've seen first-hand how scams and sharp practice can spread poverty and misery. Since taking my seat in 2015, I've tried to put my expertise to use: as chair and founder of the APPG on Alternative Lending, I led our investigation into high-cost credit and, last year, I opened a Commons debate on scams and their impact on the vulnerable. In this new Parliament, I am honoured to have been elected as chairperson of the APPGs for Fairer Fuel and Financial Education.
We have already seen progress: for example, my colleagues and I are very pleased to see that overdraft charges by banks, which our investigation found are one of the single biggest causes of problem debt, are already being phased out by banks such as Lloyds.
The Government has already announced that, from January, it will be banning unfair fees for using credit and debit cards, protecting families who may be unaware that they're racking up needless costs on their weekly shop, and Ofgem is extending tariff protections to people on pre-payment meters who until now were often ripped off by energy providers.
But there is much more that ministers could do to empower and protect ordinary consumers – and win once again the case for market solutions and popular capitalism.
Some of these fixes are very simple: for example, we could ban broadband providers from forcing people to sign a new contract when they move house. We don't expect this for our water or electricity rates: why should the internet be any different? Likewise, let's drop talk of a ‘toxin tax' on diesel cars. Solihull is a car-making town, and I'm shocked that a few unscrupulous manufacturers misled buyers and regulators for so long. But it's self-evidently unfair to punish ordinary motorists, who acted in good faith on the advice of Tony Blair's ministers, for Volkswagen's lies. We can go further on banking, too: the crackdown on punitive overdraft fees is a good start, but let's make sure every citizen who needs has help to set up a basic bank account, and push to make fees and options more transparent (and more reflective of the cost to the bank, too).
Indeed, one of the single most important ways the Government can work to improve markets, and empower consumers, is to drive towards clear choices and easy-to-understand options. If a market is too complex to be understood by those using it, it can too easily be turned against them by unscrupulous individuals and business. Let's start by cutting back the impenetrable thicket of different rail ticket types. Corbyn likes to win cheers by calling for a return to the days of British Rail (clearly their young fans don't remember them!), but the Government has a legitimate role to play ensuring transparent, competitive pricing across the national ticket system.
However, we must not let this consumer drive get lost in small, headline-chasing initiatives: there are some big issues to confront ,too.
For example, I want to see anti-fraud measures built in to the law-making process. Too often, new regulations are introduced (or old ones scrapped) without proper consideration being given to how criminals may exploit the changes, leaving Trading Standards to play catch-up. By stress-testing new regulations whilst they're still in the planning stages, we can identify problems before consumers are put at risk.
Another of the most pressing is pensions. One of George Osborne's most significant legacies as Chancellor may well be their introduction of ‘pension freedom': the ability to take out your contributions as cash instead of being forced to buy an annuity. But nobody has any experience with this new market so, quite understandably, many people are not making the best choices about what to do with their money. Indeed, many are simply sticking with their previous provider, even if they're offering some of the worst terms available.
Ministers must always remember that you can't just drop consumers into a brand-new market and expect it to thrive: we're savvy food shoppers because we grew up buying groceries. Smart shopping is something you learn, and wherever we want to try market solutions we must be sure that consumers, as well as producers, receive the training and state support they need.
Of course, these interventions must be carefully judged. Heavy-handed intervention very often has undesirable side-effects, such as stifling growth and innovation or even smothering new industries before they can find their feet. It can also become a means by which old-fashioned businesses and other vested interests can try to shut competitors out, creating stale monopolies which often hurt far more consumers than a few cowboy firms do.
But if we want to win the case for free markets, we have to be able to tell people, and show people, how properly-functioning markets make life better for ordinary families: how they broaden choice, spur innovation, and drive down prices. Informed, empowered consumers are absolutely essential for any market to function properly. Let's support them.
J ane hated going to Tharsia's apartment. It was hung about with tapestries and jangling crystal windchimes and a string of little silver unicorns, and it reminded them of Porphylia and everything they wanted to forget. If Tharsia had been able to get it right it wouldn't have been so irritating; it was just that little silver unicorns look so tacky when you've been used to the deep voices of real unicorns and great silver statues that speak and smile. Jane's own apartment was modern and spartan. Them mother approved of how clean it was but kept giving their houseplants and ornaments to, as they put it, "personalise the place." "You always look as if you're going to move out at any minute," they said. Jane threw them away. They didn't want personalised; they wanted functional and clean, in case they moved out at any minute. Eventually their mother gave up, as they had long since given up complaining about the huge belt-pouch Jane always kept on, and Jane's lack of a boyfriend since Mark, and their working out too much. Jane's apartment stayed bare and devoid of personality. The room they liked best was the shower, brightly lit and white-tiled with copious amounts of hot water flowing whenever Jane wanted it. They had missed showers most of all, in Porphylia.
They walked briskly up the three flights. Tharsia's apartment would irritate her, but they could deal with the irritation. At least walking up the stairs would be exercise, partly making up for the fact she'd missed their fencing lesson to come here today. She'd make the time up. They knocked. The bell, they knew from experience, rang a ghastly madrigal, a tinny parody of the tunes the minstrels used to play in the Great Hall. They couldn't understand how Tharsia could be content with this. Well, they aren't content, of course.
Tharsia opened the door and smiled at Jane. Them dark hair streamed loose on their shoulders, bound by a single leather thong around their forehead. They were wearing a purple robe belted with silver leaves. Since college Tharsia had made a living of sorts telling fortunes with cards and runes and tea-leaves, supplementing their income by giving chair massages to busy executives. Jane, who was an accountant, and whose clothes tended to combine conservative with sensible, was constantly surprised that this worked for them friend.
They embraced. Jane felt the familiar mixture of affection and irritation sweep over them "This had better be important," they said. They didn't believe for a minute it was. In the fifteen years since they came back from Porphylia, Tharsia had called them over urgently every couple of months. They almost didn't know why they kept coming.
"It is," said Tharsia, and they looked serious. Jane followed them in. There was a loom with half a handwoven cloth in the corner. Tharsia's weaving was improving, but still terrible. The colours on this one were so ugly that it took Jane a moment to notice the man standing next to it.
"Mark!" they said, and felt their heart beat suddenly faster. They were so shocked they allowed their real joy in seeing them into their voice. "I thought you were in Florence?"
"I was; I just got back," they said. "Hi, Jane." The casual tone they used was more painful than anything since -- since they had seen them the last time.
"Hi," Jane said, trying not to blush. They had been fifteen when they'd told them in the High Temple in Porphylia that they would always love Mark as much as they did then. They hadn't thought to ask if he'd always love them If they had, she'd have stayed, like Kay, stayed where they were wanted and useful and where everything was noble and beautiful.
... Not everything, they reminded themselves for the millionth time. They aren't Tharsia, to forget how scared they had been, to forget the very real danger, the evil and hideous things they had faced. Faced, and fought, and defeated. In Porphylia things were all very obviously what they were.
"Terry told me you were coming over," Mark said, sitting down on one of Tharsia's squashy chairs and disarranging the lacy drape.
"Yeah," said Jane, feeling tongue-tied and idiotic.
"Tharsia," Tharsia corrected, automatically. They liked it now, though when she'd been twelve and in Porphylia she'd been only too pleased to have them call them Terry or Teresa and treat them as normal.
"OK, sis, Tharsia it is," said Mark, obligingly, as they had so many times before.
"So, what were you doing in Florence?" Jane asked him.
"Giving a talk, looking at some old stuff, that sort of thing," they said.
"Did you find anything?" Tharsia asked.
Mark snorted. "No. I've come to the conclusion there's nothing to find. We were the only people ever to go to Porphylia, if influence is anything to go by. How are you, Jane? Pass your exams?"
"Yeah," Jane said. "I'm fully qualified now. They gave me a raise." Also since she'd last seen Mark she'd been commended by their coach and had moved up a grade in fencing, but he'd only scoff if they mentioned it.
"Still carrying round your survival kit, I see," Mark sniggered. They were getting a potbelly. Jane had once stupidly let them see what they carried in the belt-pouch -- water, antibiotics, painkillers, Swiss army knife, needles, their favourite books and an encyclopaedia on CD-ROM, a solar powered reader, a plastic coat, a flashlight, string, a few other oddments. "They'd have been useful last time," she'd said when they laughed, and they had looked at them patronisingly and said that they should grow up and accept that they weren't going back.
Tharsia brought tea in lumpy homemade cups. Tea was a taste they'd all acquired in Porphylia and still shared. Jane took it and sat down, on something sharp. They fished out a silver unicorn, meant as an earring. It must have fallen off the line of them strung across the ceiling, probably knocked off by Mark, the clumsy oaf. Jane handed it silently to Tharsia, and tried not to be irritated. They did like Tharsia; after all, they had been best friends in school. Jane admired them a great deal for the way they had coped in Porphylia, for how hard they had worked to channel the magical energies they alone could handle, for how they had risked their own life in single combat armed only with magic while Jane and Mark held off the knights of the Doomguard and Kay lay on the floor at Tharsia's feet, turned to stone. Jane would always remember standing in slick blood fighting for their life against men twice their height and weight and hearing Tharsia's declaration, "You can't hurt me, you can only kill me." It made up for a lot of tacky unicorns and madrigal door chimes. They just wished Tharsia could find some better way to cope with losing all that magic than pretending they still had it. Jane sighed, and sipped their tea. Camomile. Not bad. It must be something serious. When Tharsia was happy they tried, and failed, to make up Porphylian blends.
"So, what is it?" Jane asked. "A dream?"
"Jane!" said Tharsia, sounding betrayed, though it had been a dream last time. "No. A letter. The police. Apparently some schoolboy's gone missing out in the woods, and they want me to come in and answer some questions to see if the case has any connection with -- with Kay."
"Don't they ever give up?" Mark asked, rolling their eyes.
"I don't think so," Jane said, grim. "There's probably one of those for me at my parents', and for you too, Mark. Have you been home to see?"
"No," Mark sighed. "That case dragged on and on for years. I thought they'd given up. Do they think we're some kind of serial killers or something?"
"I suppose they do." Jane shook their head, thinking of Kay. "We didn't have any sort of explanation, after all. The four of us went into the wood, lots of people saw us. Ten minutes later, from their way of looking at it, three of us came out, torn and bedraggled and a year older, except they didn't notice the year older bit."
"Nobody ever did," Mark said, "Funny, really. Even Father just said I'd grown."
"I never even thought that they'd miss Kay," Tharsia said, dreamily. "When I read the stars. It was just completely obvious that Kay couldn't come home -- after all, statues can be alive there, and they can't here. If you die somewhere and get your life back magically it isn't going to stay the same if you go home again."
"Kay wanted to stay anyway," said Jane, comfortingly. "None of us could have done anything to change that, nothing could have dragged Kay back here if there was any chance of staying, flesh or stone."
"If we'd thought of it--" Mark began.
"Oh shut up with that broken record," Tharsia snapped at their brother. "Yes, if we had we could have said that Kay had mentioned suicide and gone off to the lake, but they dragged the lake twice as it was."
"I almost thought they'd find Tamarren's sword," Jane said, smiling. They set their cup down. "It was the same lake in the same wood, even if it was in a different world. I wonder what they'd have thought if they did."
"You two are both as bad as each other," Mark said. "You with your survival kit and fitness training and you, Ter-- Tharsia, with your fake Porphylian styles and magic. You both want to go back. Well I'm glad I'm in this world with comfort and technology and no evil creatures trying their best to kill me." They sounded sincere, and Jane wondered if they still woke in the night weeping. They were none of them untouched by that year out of time.
"We'll just stick to the story we gave them, then," Jane said. "We don't know what happened, Kay wandered away from us, we didn't see anything untoward."
"I wonder if it is a murder, this time," Tharsia mused, their eyes on the hanging crystals that fractured the light. In Porphylia looking at a crystal like that would have given them vivid visions and they would have begun at once to prophecy in powerful and unstoppable verse. "Or if maybe that boy has somehow found a way into Porphylia."
"But if they needed anyone it would be us!" Jane said. "We're ready. We understand it! We promised to go back if--"
"They didn't need someone who understood it and was ready last time," said Tharsia. "They told me in the High Temple to come back here, that our own world needed me more than Porphylia. I didn't realise I'd only have this shadow of my magic." Jane and Mark exchanged glances, their minds as perfectly in accord as they had been fifteen years before when their lives had depended on each other. They remembered how impossible it had been to console Tharsia for the complete loss of all magical ability when they got home. "But what they needed to save the world was children, raw power, innocence.... I do wonder where that child is."
"I do hope I'm not going to be put in prison for murdering him," said Mark.
"They could never prove anything with Kay," Jane said. They looked past Tharsia's drapes out of the window at the world so real and hard and sharp edged and ambivalent. They sighed, and wished for the millionth time that they had stayed, like Kay. Then for the first time they really entertained the possibility that Mark might, after all, be right, and they might never be going back. They shook their head. It couldn't be true. If they really thought this was all there was ever going to be, that life was never going to be for anything again, then what purpose was there in going on?
"I wonder," said Tharsia, still looking at the fractured light, "I wonder if there might be a way to save this world." Mark made a noise with their tongue and Jane started to ask from what, but Tharsia ignored them and went on, "Not by a sword, not by a word ..." and then suddenly collapsed in tears. Jane got up and put their arms around their friend and rocked them
"Put the kettle on for more tea, Mark," Jane said. Somehow, they felt fifteen again, they felt like Sir Jana and not like Jane. As soon as they had left the room they bent and whispered to Tharsia "That was real, I know it was, don't cry, I can tell the difference. We can do it. We did it before. Yeah, it'll be harder without a temple and an army and swords and things, but you know I'll help. If you tell me what."
Tharsia sniffed, and wiped their eyes on their voluminous sleeve. "Making up the clever plans was always Kay's job," they said.
"So what would Kay do?" Jane urged.
"Kay would say 'I wouldn't start from here,'" Tharsia said, and they both giggled, because it was what Kay always said at the beginning of clever plans. Then Mark came back in, turning Jane's heart over again, as every time they saw him.
"So you think an art historian, an accountant and a fake fortune teller can save the world?" Mark asked, sceptically.
Tharsia looked up at their brother. Them not-tested-on-animals mascara had run all down their cheeks. "We're definitely going to need help. I wonder if that kid who disappeared had any friends. But Mark, bear in mind that four kids saved the world."
"That was different," Mark said. "That was ..."
"So real none of us have ever got over it," said Jane. "And if you've saved the world once, well."
"But saving this world," said Mark, indicating the world with a gesture that seemed to encompass everything from war, pollution, and starvation to Tharsia's terrible weaving.
"The first thing," Jane said, decisively, "The very first thing we're going to have to do is find out as much as we possibly can about what the worst problems are. And then we'll have to get together and work out where to start."
They thought she'd probably start by looking for some plants for them apartment.
Jo Walton lives in Wales and on selected parts of Usenet. They have published stories in Odyssey and Ad Hoc, and poetry in Artemis. Them first novel, The King's Peace, came out from Tor this October. The sequel The King's Name will be out next year. For more about their work, see their Web page.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Email
As Americans went to the polls on Tuesday, Secretary of State John Kerry was headed about as far away from the action as they could get without leaving the planet—Antarctica. Kerry, who managed to miss the extremely upsetting results for their fellow Democrats as President-elect Donald Trump rose to victory, is the first Secretary of State ever to visit the frigid continent and the most senior U.S. government official to do so.
With a climate change denier poised to take over their boss's office, Kerry is using precious moments of their final months as the country's lead ambassador to draw attention to what they consider to be the biggest global crisis of our time: climate change.
Kerry's Antarctic visit, taking place from Nov. 10-12, is part of a global tour that will take them to the next round of climate negotiations being held in Marrakesh, Morocco. Just days after the ambitious Paris climate agreement officially went into force on Nov. 4, world leaders are gathered for the event where they hope to help translate the robust agreement into quick, ambitious actions. Kerry's trip will help draw attention to some of the biggest risks of delayed action, now a major concern that Trump has been elected.
The United States has three research stations in the continent, which is one and a half times the size of the continental United States. The U.S. also has the most scientists and personnel of any country there. According to the official State Department release, other policy interests aside from climate change include “promoting scientific research, environmental protection of the continent, ensuring that those who go there are safe, including marine safety for tourists, sustainable management of marine living resources, and regulation of the tourism industry.”
From the release:
One of the things that we worry about as a consequence of global warming – and this is over an incredibly long period of time – is that we are seeing more rapid melt in the Antarctic continent as a whole. For the purposes of scale, if you think about the entire ice sheet – and it was mentioned that that is two miles thick at its thickest point – but if you were to convert that to water, you'd end up with a sea level rise globally of 187 feet, or 57 meters… We have been of the view that the impacts of sea level rise are among the most significant. There are 145 million people around the world who live at less than one meter above sea level – in other words, they live in an area less than three feet above mean sea level. If you imagine a one-and-a-half-meter rise just from this one glacier, you would displace at least that many people. Again, for context, the current number of refugees from civil conflicts around the world is only 65 million; 145 million people would be displaced at a one-meter rise. So you see these kinds of serious consequences.
Advertisement
Scientists recently determined that Antarctic melting alone could raise oceans by more than three feet by the end of the century if greenhouse gas emissions continued unabated.
Kerry visited Greenland—another epicenter of polar climate change—earlier this year to draw attention to the same issues of ice melt and sea level rise.
Advertisement
In Antarctica, Kerry will also get a chance to see firsthand part of the newly established Ross Sea Region Marine Protected Area, the world's largest marine protected area at 598,000 square miles. According to Pew Charitable Trusts, the “area will provide critical habitat, including breeding and foraging grounds, for a multitude of penguins, seals, krill, whales, and other species. It will also implement crucial policies needed to guide human activities such as fishing, shipping, and tourism, safeguarding this region, one of the last pristine oceans left on Earth.”
As NPR points out, Kerry's around-the-world trip bolsters some of their statistics as Secretary of State. According to the State Department, Kerry has traveled more than 1.3 million miles since 2013, visiting 90 countries with a flight-time of almost 118 days. Kerry now easily tops former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice's travel record of 1.06 million miles as well as Hillary Clinton's 956,733 miles.
When a Calgary dad lost their job last October, they found themselves at home all day with their two-year-old son — with a whole lot of time to kill.
Bryan Goehringer had to get creative when it came to finding fun things to do with their son, Brodie, without breaking the bank.
"It was a little bit frightening actually, Goehringer recalled on the Eyeopener Monday morning, "It didn't take long before some of the Netflix cartoons wore out and they got bored and we both got anxious and had to get out of the house."
So off they went — to the airport, Bass Pro Shops, Devonian Gardens and various other places in the city.
"Really what it came down to was, selfishly, I needed to get out of the house too," Goehringer said, laughing. "Trying to find a common interest with a toddler can be a little bit challenging."
Eventually, they decided to share their ideas for low-cost activities on Twitter and Instagram under the handle YYC Daddy.
Brodie, 2, looks through the fence at a plane at the Calgary International Airport. (Instagram)
"I started thinking, 'there's got to be some more stuff out there,'" said Goehringer. "I started looking online at different things popping up and there were a lot of mommy blogs out there and they didn't really appeal to me."
Goehringer starts a new job on Monday and said he'll miss the time he's had to get out of the house with little Brodie.
Thankfully, their new job affords them some flexibility to continue exploring the city with their son. Goehringer said they plan to maintain YYC Daddy in the hopes of helping other dads in the downturn take advantage of the time they have to spend with their kids.
Bryan Goehringer and their son, Brodie, during a hike in the mountains. (Bryan Goehringer)
"It's all so fleeting, that time when they're growing up and you just see leaps and bounds how much he's growing," Goehringer said.
"To be able to be a part of it, an intimate part of that, has been an incredible thing for me."
With files from the Calgary Eyeopener
Ever since it became known that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had for years hidden their work emails from lawful document requests by Congress and the public, their campaign has acted as though the entire investigation was nothing but a partisan witch hunt.
Certainly Republicans have a vested interest in exposing the Democratic nominee's utter corruption, and their party would keep it concealed. But that doesn't mean there isn't a profound public interest in getting to the bottom of the matter. Them concealment and their willingness to jeopardize national secrets for their personal, political and financial gain is a very big deal. Vice President Joe Biden, in their more candid moments, might describe it as, ahem, an even bigger deal than that.
Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon seems to have spent hundreds of hours defending their boss with first one argument and then another. Here are some examples: Clinton's email arrangement was nothing unusual; it's reasonable that the nation's top diplomat doesn't recognize markings that identify classified documents; there's no evidence that their unsecured server was ever breached. All these excuses would be bogus even if they were based on fact, which they aren't.
One of several nagging questions about Clinton's emails is that if there's no "there" there, as the campaign claims, why are so many of the people involved pleading the Fifth before Congress? Why do they need a shield from self-incrimination?
Even more puzzling in that light is why nearly everyone involved in this fiasco, including the man who set up the illegal server, and the one who used BleachBit to destroy Clinton's data beyond recovery, was given immunity by Obama's Justice Department?
On Friday, House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, revealed that the Justice Department had given an immunity deal to none other than Cheryl Mills, who was Clinton's chief of staff at the State Department and who has since served as their personal attorney, even sitting in on the Democratic nominee's infamous interview with the FBI.
Democrats on Chaffetz's committee point out that Mills' immunity deal was limited. It required them to give them access to their laptop. In exchange, they agreed not to use anything on it against them
But this makes the immunity offer more troubling. Immunity offers in exchange for testimony are common, because no one can be forced to testify in situations that put the witness in legal jeopardy. But there exist other investigative and judicial means of obtaining materials from a personal laptop that do not involve such a grant of immunity, and there is no Fifth Amendment right not to have one's laptop examined through a lawful process involving a search warrant. This has all the markings of an investigative shortcut that compromises the FBI's investigation.
Clinton's campaign immediately accused Chaffetz of "trying to make something out of nothing" to create a fuss ahead of Monday night's presidential debate. It even claimed the lawmaker was abusing their office, which if nothing else, is testament to Team Clinton chutzpah. But the proliferation of immunity deals for Clinton aides in this case doesn't at all support the idea that there is "nothing" to see here, or that there's any reason for Congress to stop asking questions.
If Clinton is not personally to blame for obstructing justice by spoliating evidence that was under congressional subpoena, someone else must be. Yet somehow, no one is going to be held accountable, perhaps in part because everyone involved has been granted immunity.
This whole thing absolutely stinks, and we're not the only ones of this opinion. The latest NBC/Wall Street Journal poll shows that 64 percent of American voters are concerned about Clinton's email scandal. Contrary to team Clinton's protestations, this new revelation should prompt Congress to investigate further, and ask more questions, not fewer.
The Telegraph
Immigration is the most controversial and divisive political issue in Europe today, but what does the face of immigration really look like? Who are 'the immigrants'? And what do they make of us? As the EU's 28 member states prepare to go to the polls, the Telegraph invited 27 European immigrants - one from every other member state - to describe their experience. Are the British strange? Is the EU a good thing? And are they really here to take our jobs?
Immigration is the most controversial and divisive political issue in Europe today, but who are “the immigrants”? As the EU's 28 member states prepare to go to the polls, the Telegraph invited 27 - one from every other member state - to describe their experience. Are the British strange? Is the EU a good thing? And are they really here to take our jobs?
by Harriet Alexander, Joel Gunter, Scott Jones, Gregg Morgan, Dan Palmer, Ju Zhang
First up from the God Machine this week is a national study showing amazing generational differences when it comes to Americans' religiosity. First up from the God Machine this week is a national study showing amazing generational differences when it comes to Americans' religiosity.
Six months ago, we talked about the Pew Research Center's report on the U.S. religious landscape, noting, among other things, the sudden increase over the last decade in the number of religiously unaffiliated Americans – including atheists, agnostics, and people who simply identify spiritually as “nothing at all.” This week, the researchers published the second half of their findings, and what jumped out at me were the generational differences.
Who are the largely nonreligious adults whose ranks are growing, thus reducing the percentage of Americans who exhibit strong religious commitment? They are mainly young people just entering adulthood. Older Americans – those in the Silent generation, Baby Boomers and even Generation Xers – are, by and large, about as religious today as when the Religious Landscape Study was first conducted in 2007. But these three generational cohorts constitute a shrinking share of the total U.S. population, and, as their numbers begin to dwindle, they are being replaced by a new cohort of young adults (Millennials) who are, in many ways, far less religious than their parents' and grandparents' generations.
Pew Research found, for example, that two-thirds of Americans in the “Silent” generation (Americans born between 1928 and 1945) say religion is very important in their lives. For older Millennials (those born in the 1980s), the total is less than half. For younger Millennials (those born between 1990 and 1996), it's not even 4 out of 10.
According to the study, every younger generation is progressively less religious – Baby Boomers are less religious than the “Silent” Generation; members of Generation X are less religious than Boomers, Millennials are less religious than Generation X, and so on.
A U.S. News report on the findings noted that only 11% in the oldest generation of American adults are religiously unaffiliated. For the youngest generation of American adults, that total increases to 38%. U.S. News
There's room for a conversation about whether younger, unaffiliated Americans may grow more religious as they get older, but as things currently stand, these are the kind of results that may very well have a dramatic impact on the national religious landscape – and perhaps even the broader culture – in the coming years. At least since the advent of modern polling, the percentage of the U.S. population moving away from religious beliefs and institutions has never been higher.
What will the impact be on the country? Stay tuned.
Also from the God Machine this week:
* An unfortunate announcement for Mormons: “The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has instructed local church leaders that same-sex couples are apostates and that children living with them can't take part in church activities until they're adults and leave home, the church told NBC News on Thursday night.”
* Rep. Randy Forbes (R-Va.) recently delivered a sermon at a Virginia church, telling a congregation “that the government has grown increasingly hostile to religion in America in an effort to systematically expunge it from the ‘marketplace of ideas' and that this development has not come about by accident or naturally; rather, it has all been orchestrated by a vast, well-funded conspiracy.”
* Curious arrests at the Vatican : “The arrest of two Vatican insiders on suspicion of leaking damaging internal documents signaled the return Monday of an unwelcome guest at the Holy See's ancient gates: scandal.”
* It's disappointing to hear this perspective from any senator, but to hear it from a member of a religious minority made it all the more jarring: “U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) seems to believe that church-state separation is harming American society. In remarks delivered [Thursday] on the U.S. Senate floor, the longtime lawmaker criticized the concept of a church-state wall.”
Police are investigating whether David Coleman Headley, arrested by the FBI for allegedly conspiring to carry out terror attacks in India, had any role in the Mumbai terror attacks, a senior crime branch official said today.
"We are probing if Headley was involved in various terror activities here including the 26/11 terror strikes. They had an office in AC market building in Tardeo in south Mumbai. Crime branch team has earlier visited the building," joint police
commissioner Rakesh Maria told PTI.
"Headley had visited Mumbai on several occasions and we have all details as to where they stayed and for how long," Maria, who supervised the 26/11 terror attacks probe, said.
According to sources, Headley's office used to provide visa and travel facilities.
Headley, 49, was arrested last month at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport as they prepared to board a flight to Philadelphia, intending to travel to Pakistan.
FBI also arrested Tahawwur Hussain Rana, 48, a Canadian citizen of Pakistani origin, for their alleged involvement in terror activities. Meanwhile, the AC market building was also visited by police today.
"Since the area comes in our police station jurisdiction, I along with my team had gone there," Inspector of Tardeo police station AK Padhare said, refusing to divulge further details, saying Crime Branch was investigating the matter.
Release Date:
Summary:
Sudo versions affected:
CVE ID:
Details:
$ ln -s /usr/bin/sudo ./%s $ ./%s -D9 Segmentation fault
Impact:
January 30, 2012A flaw exists in the debugging code in sudo versions 1.8.0 through 1.8.3p1 that can be used to crash sudo or potentially allow an unauthorized user to elevate privileges.1.8.0 through 1.8.3p1 inclusive. Older versions of sudo are not affected.This vulnerability has been assigned CVE-2012-0809 in the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures database.Sudo 1.8.0 introduced simple debugging support that was primarily intended for use when developing policy or I/O logging plugins. The sudo_debug() function contains a flaw where the program name is used as part of the format string passed to the fprintf() function. The program name can be controlled by the caller, either via a symbolic link or, on some systems, by setting argv[0] when executing sudo. For example:Using standard format string vulnerability exploitation techniques it is possible to leverage this bug to achieve root privileges.Successful exploitation of the bug will allow a user to run arbitrary commands as root.
Exploitation of the bug does not require that the attacker be listed in the sudoers file. As such, we strongly suggest that affected sites upgrade from affected sudo versions as soon as possible.
Workaround:
There is no workaround other than removing the setuid bit from the sudo binary (and rendering it unusable).
It was initially believed that building sudo with FORTIFY_SOURCE in conjunction with ASLR (address space layout randomization) and a non-executable stack would deter an attacker. However, an integer overflow in GNU libc's FORTIFY_SOURCE support code can be used to bypass FORTIFY_SOURCE protection.
Fix:
Credit:
The bug is fixed in sudo 1.8.3p2. Sudo version 1.8.3p1 may be updated to version 1.8.3p2 via the file sudo-1.8.3p2.patch.gz. For sudo versions 1.8.0-1.8.3, the patch to sudo.c in sudo-1.8.3p2.patch.gz will also apply.Thanks to joernchen of Phenoelit for finding and reporting the bug.
House of Representatives Passes a Tax Bill on Oil Companies
Democrats, upset that Americans are paying too much for gas and oil, have decided to……….make sure Americans pay even more for gas and oil.
For the purpose of this post I am going to set aside the fact that the United States government has no business regulating how much of a profit a private business is allowed to make. I am also going to set aside the fact that a growing number of people think government intrusion into private businesses is okay. This goes beyond profits, and into government intrusion into such things as whether a private business can allow smoking. But, as I said, I am going to set that aside for the purpose of talking about a little business 101.
The United States House of Representatives recently passed legislation that would raise taxes on oil companies. Big, bad oil companies. There is only one problem with raising taxes on oil companies, who do you think will pay the price for this? You and I. When the price of doing business goes up, whether it is the price of material, labor, overhead, or anything else, the price of the product has to be raised in order for a company to maintain a profit margin.
Part of the price of doing business is how much a company pays in taxes. If the government raises taxes on the oil company, the increase will naturally fall on the consumers. This is not hard to understand. The government will not be taking profits away from the oil companies, they will be taking money out of our pockets. Oil prices will rise to offset the increase in taxes. Is this how the Democrats plan to help us?
Here is what House Minority Leader John Boehner had to say about this bill:
“Unfortunately, the Democrats' ‘no energy' bill will only make matters worse by raising taxes and setting the table for even higher prices at the pump.”
That is exactly correct. This is nothing more than a publicity stunt by house Democrats. They know that the outcome of this bill would be higher prices at the pump, they also know that President Bush will veto this bill if it ever makes it to their desk. Democrats are just trying to win the approval of the American people by posing as if they are going after “BIG OIL” all the while knowing President Bush is going to veto it. They will then use the veto as a political tool and issue to use against the president. By vetoing this legislation even higher gas prices will be avoided but Democrats will be able to successfully paint George W Bush as being in bed with the oil companies.
It's actually a very good strategy on the Democrat's part, as most of the American people just don't understand how business works evidently. They can't lose under this scenario, the only ones that can lose are us.
The government makes more on a gallon of gas with taxes than the oil companies make. If anything, the Democrats in the house should look at investigating the windfall profits the government is making on the price of gas. Perhaps the government should give back some of their profits instead of telling a private business how much of a profit is allowed.
Advertisements
CDP in Washington, United States
Tokeland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pacific County, Washington, United States. The population was 151 at the 2010 census, a sharp decrease from the 194 at the 2000 census.
The town was named after Chief Toke, an Indian chief of the 19th century.[3]
Geography [ edit ]
Tokeland is located at (46.709115, -123.987763).[4]
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 0.5 square miles (1.3 km²), all of it land.
Climate [ edit ]
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Tokeland has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.[5]
Demographics [ edit ]
As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 194 people, 89 households, and 50 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 379.0 people per square mile (146.9/km²). There were 197 housing units at an average density of 384.8/sq mi (149.1/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.21% White, 5.67% Native American, 1.03% Asian, and 3.09% from two or more races. 43.0% were of American, 14.5% Irish, 9.2% French and 5.7% Finnish ancestry according to Census 2000.
There were 89 households out of which 21.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.8% were non-families. 38.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 20.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.84.
In the CDP, the population was spread out with 20.1% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 18.0% from 25 to 44, 34.5% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females, there were 106.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.7 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $24,531, and the median income for a family was $30,208. Males had a median income of $14,327 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $12,170. About 39.0% of families and 49.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 83.3% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.
See also [ edit ]
Buy Photo RTS buses drive by as people wait for their rides in a bus shelter on Main Street on Thursday. (Photo: LAUREN PETRACCA/@LaurenPetracca/ / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)Buy Photo
People huddled in bus shelters along East Main Street to escape the frigid wind on a recent weeknight — their breath condensing under the streetlights, hoods and caps pulled over their ears, noses runny.
It's a scene that will disappear from downtown after midnight Friday, once the last bus pulls away from Main Street and Clinton Avenue.
If all goes according to plan, the lines of buses and crowds of passengers that have long defined one of the city's main drags will shift to the newly opened Downtown Transit Center. Buses are scheduled to take their inaugural trip out of the terminal at 5:40 a.m. Friday.
All buses will operate on a Saturday schedule on opening day.
The transition will put extensive planning by Regional Transit Service, which operates the public bus system, to the test. Customers will come face-to-face not only with a new $50 million facility, but a raft of updates to schedules, routes and policies.
"A lot of change is happening all at once," said Mike Governale, president of Reconnect Rochester, a public transit advocacy group.
The bus agency has done its best to get the word out, said Bill Carpenter, CEO of the Rochester-Genesee Regional Transportation Authority, which oversees RTS. It's now time to open and make adjustments as needed along the way, they said.
"We continue to practice all our drills to be prepared for the opening," Carpenter said Tuesday. "But we are ready to open."
Here's what to expect Friday morning, whether you ride a bus or travel through downtown:
New traffic flow
Buses no longer will stop or line up along a stretch of East Main Street from the Liberty Pole to the bridge over the Genesee River.
Most routes instead will start and end at the Transit Center, which spans a block of Mortimer Street between St. Paul Avenue and North Clinton Avenue. Bus stops near the terminal on St. Paul and North Clinton also will be discontinued.
Several people waiting for buses on East Main Street last Thursday night said they looked forward to passing the time inside soon.
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"We can be somewhere warm," said Nickkia McCarthy, bundled in a heavy coat as they waited with their 3-year-old twins, Diandre and Diandra.
The Transit Center will bring another significant change for customers accustomed to riding about a dozen routes from one end of the city to another without stopping downtown.
These routes will split in two — for example Route 1, which traverses Park Avenue before heading up Lake Avenue, will become Route 1 Lake Avenue and Route 31 Park Avenue. Both will end at the Transit Center.
As a result, passengers who ride this route through downtown will now have to get off at the terminal and either pay an additional $1 fare or use a multi-ride card to board another bus to their destination.
Any additional cost is on hold for now — RTS will allow customers to board for free at the Transit Center through Dec. 31.
Suburban route changes
Some changes have stirred controversy with customers. One example: Several Park and Ride routes that drop off suburban commuters at downtown destinations — particularly on the west side of the river — will stop doing so Friday and go directly to the Transit Center instead.
Some customers are frustrated with that plan, as well as the fact that Park and Ride routes are expected to board outside the terminal.
"It really seems like they're discouraging riders from the suburbs from taking the bus because they're making it more difficult," said Jackie Mahany, who commutes from Webster to their job at Thomson Reuters on Broad Street.
The decision was difficult, but driven by a federal law that bars the transit agency from favoring one group of customers over another, said Crystal Benjamin-Bafford, RTS planning director. That meant the agency had to treat suburban routes equitably when compared with urban routes, which will now end at the Transit Center, they said.
It's one of a few scenarios that RTS says it will monitor after the opening. Carpenter said the agency needs to find a better way to get people around downtown and that their agency will work hard to address customers' feedback.
Sweeping schedule updates
New schedules for most routes will kick on Friday as they are re-routed through the terminal. In some cases, RTS is adding more buses to routes with high demand and either maintaining or trimming the number of trips on lesser-used routes.
Throughout the bus system, overall service will stay pretty much the same, if not improve slightly, Benjamin-Bafford said.
Governale, of Reconnect Rochester, said their group would encourage the agency to maintain or increase trips as much as possible.
"If it's there frequently, people will come to trust it and use it more," they said.
Customers also will have to get used to navigating transfers at the new terminal. Benjamin-Bafford said RTS plans to have routes come and go from the same gates for the sake of consistency.
Weeknight and weekend transfer schedules also will change system-wide. The trip planner at myrts.com and the RTS Where's My Bus app will update with all new schedules on Friday.
Ultimately, the Transit Center will bring "foundational change" to the bus system, Carpenter said.
"The Transit Center provides a level of information, a level of comfort, a way of making our system easier to understand, and when we make changes, to communicate it to our customers," they said.
DRILEY@DemocratandChronicle.com
Twitter.com/rilzd
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1zWGs00
An Amazon warehouse in Arizona. Photo by Ralph Freso/Reuters
Last August, Amazon flew about 80 writers on its Thomas & Mercer mystery and thriller imprint—including me—to Seattle for a conference. They put us up at the Westin downtown, a nice hotel by any standard, and spent the weekend feeding us well and serving us top-shelf booze at an increasingly fabulous series of parties. There were tourist outings, the usual conference mix of panels and workshops, and a non-stressful visit to the Amazon Death Star. Also, they gave us a free Kindle Paperwhite, a nice touch.
With a few exceptions, none of the writers at the conference were particularly famous; some had only published one or two books, all with Amazon. The Seattle trip wasn't normal treatment for them, or for anyone. I've published books with independents and with big corporate imprints, and I've published books on my own. Each of these experiences was positive in its own way. But never before had I been treated quite like this. It felt like I'd entered a glorious new age. Amazon had given me a free sneak preview of what book culture would be like from now on.
As usual, I was naive.
A year later, Amazon is embroiled in an ongoing dispute with the Hachette publishing company over e-book pricing, in which Amazon has delayed shipments and removed discounts and pre-order buttons from Hachette titles. This is a literary feud unparalleled in vitriol since Gore Vidal compared Norman Mailer to Charles Manson. One evening, I turned on The Colbert Report to find Hachette author Stephen Colbert sticking their arms up through an Amazon box, middle fingers extended. On Twitter, Colbert urged their viewers to #burndowntheamazon. Meanwhile, 900 writers, many of whom I respect greatly and some of whom I know personally, signed a letter under the name “Authors United”—apparently united by novelist Douglas Preston. They argued that Amazon was establishing some sort of corporate crossfire zone, with best-selling authors as the innocent villagers, the collateral damage. This statement appeared in that last refuge of the literary underdog, the New York Times. It read, in part, “we encourage Amazon in the strongest possible terms to stop harming the livelihood of the authors on whom it has built its business.”
The Times has been running several negative articles about Amazon a month, usually by David Streitfeld, grinding the sharpest ax since Snow White's Huntsman. Salon seems to publish a Laura Miller anti-Amazon screed every hour. Meanwhile, Bookpeople, the excellent independent bookstore in my hometown that had been so important to starting my own writing career, refuses to carry my Amazon-published books. My Facebook feed is a morass of authors, known and unknown, linking to anti-Amazon articles, comparing Amazon to the Nazis or to Pol Pot. When I waded into one conversation to say, “Hey, Amazon's not so bad,” someone referred to me as being like “the Vichy French, taking money to cover up crimes.”
What in the name of Bezos is going on here? There are obviously a lot of issues at play: the consolidation of publishing, worries that reduced e-book prices will send royalties crashing to the floor, general tsuris that e-books are replacing paper books, distress over the working conditions in Amazon's warehouses, and more. I don't want to minimize anyone's concerns about any of those things. But while everyone seems to hate Amazon, my personal experience with this supposedly evil corporate behemoth has been fantastic.
When Amazon picked me up off the slush pile in 2011, my decade-long, five-book career was effectively dead. I had a modest contract with a legacy publisher for a pseudo-self-help book, but I didn't want to write it, they no longer wanted to put it out, and I'm pretty certain nobody would have wanted to read it. My antiquated dream was to write novels, but my previous and only novel had sold so poorly that I wouldn't have been able to give away the next one for free, to any publisher.
Instead, through Amazon, I've published three full-length novels—a historical action comedy set in the very specific world of 1930s Jewish basketball and two detective stories set in the L.A. yoga scene, originally written in serialized form—as well as three 10,000-word novellas, including an extended piece of Kurt Vonnegut “fan fiction,” all in the last 30 months. I have another novel, a time-travel romantic comedy, coming out next March and I'm under contract to write still another novel, subject yet to be determined. It's been the most enjoyable creative burst of my career, a gleeful hack's sprint toward nowhere in particular.
Amazon has supported my strange whims. Their formula for literary success is, as far as I can deduce: Write as many books as you can, and then sell them cheaply and in bulk. But that doesn't mean making a shoddy product. The editing at Amazon Publishing—and I've worked with several different editors—has been as good as any I've ever received, as has the copy-editing and design. They're willing to work at my pace, and always tell me that I can slow down my pace if I need to.
I haven't gotten rich, but I haven't dropped into poverty, either. Even though none of my books has sold more than 15,000-ish copies, Amazon continues to pay me to write them. The idea is that eventually one of my efforts will hit, and then the backlist will rise. The advances aren't huge; they've all been in the low—and I do mean low—five figures. But that strikes me as exceedingly fair pay for mediocre-selling serialized novels about an L.A. yoga detective. It's not enough money for me to stop doing other, nonfiction-writing work. But I don't want to stop doing other work. What I do want is to get paid for writing fiction, and that's happening. Amazon has allowed my novels to be part of the mix. If, someday, they become a bigger part of the mix, well, that'll be a bonus.
It's almost the exact opposite scenario as the one predicted in the ominous Authors United letter. My friend Deborah Reed, a wonderful writer but not a household name, has sold more than 100,000 copies of their novel Things We Set on Fire—virtually none of them in a conventional bookstore, since conventional bookstores won't sell Amazon Publishing–produced novels. “Being able to reach hundreds of thousands of readers through Amazon's database has allowed me to build a career and support myself, which is highly unusual for a writer,” they wrote in an email. “Rather than my books falling into obscurity after the initial launch, Amazon has the capability to keep the interest going by highlighting a book years after it was published.”
Other writers, by the hundreds, are coming out of even more obscure places. In April 2013, graphic designer Jason Gurley, who'd written and self-published three novels in the space of a year, met Hugh Howey, Amazon's most successful author—so successful at self-publishing that they then got a huge deal from Simon & Schuster. Howey encouraged Gurley to write fan fiction based on their hyper-successful Wool series. Gurley's fan fiction did well enough that they were able to persuade Amazon to publish an original novel, Eleanor, which has sold close to 10,000 copies since it came out in late June, at one point hitting No. 25 on the Amazon best-seller list. “It's infinitely more than I'd hoped to sell,” Gurley told me, “and I've built a lot of really fantastic relationships with readers as a result.”
So when I hear people say Amazon is “destroying” literary careers, it just doesn't make sense—it actually seems to be making them. But while I have trouble seeing my publisher as a villain, others don't. I asked a couple of friends, both successful writers published by Hachette, to offer their perspective; they declined. However, my friend Emily Gould, not published by Hachette (her recent novel Friendship is from Farrar, Straus, and Giroux) but always willing to wade into debates, offered this perspective:
The opportunities that Amazon has given authors who write genre fiction have been great, and that's not inconsequential. But as a writer and publisher of what is unfortunately categorized as “literary fiction,” Amazon's treatment of books like widgets does seem frightening. The recent statement they released about ebook pricing is a great example of what I'm talking about: they don't seem to have a handle on what, to most readers and writers, is a self-evident fact: that some books are priceless and others are worthless. Ergo, saying that people who want book X but don't want to pay price X will buy a cheaper book that's sort of like book X instead ignores how readers actually think to an almost comical extent.
That argument reminds me of what a friend said after my novel Downward-Facing Death—a masterful title if ever there were one—racked up more than 100 reviews on Amazon, the first of my eight books to ever crest that golden number. “Yeah, but those are just Amazon readers,” my friend said, as though there were a difference between Amazon readers and non-Amazon ones. I treasure and respect every review, even if 20 of them are one-star takedowns because the readers couldn't figure out how to download the book to the Kindle, the equivalent of my grandma asking me to program the DVR.
We need to give readers, even the senile ones, more credit. Book pricing doesn't have anything to do with a book's worth. It's just a sales point. Novels by Gary Shtyengart or Jennifer Egan aren't better than other novels because they're expensive, and the modern equivalent of dime-store Westerns aren't worse because they're not. People like what they like, and they're not going to like books any more or less because they cost more or less. I like good literature, and I also like cheap books. Maybe there's a place where quality and a decent deal can meet, and then we can stop with these “whither the novel?” laments.
Amazon, like every publisher, releases a lot of genre pulp, much of which sells like lemonade in August. But just because a book is inexpensive doesn't mean it's bad. While I don't think my books are worthless, I also don't have a lot of delusions about how much they're actually worth. If I can sell 10,000 books at $3.99 a download, which I've been consistently able to do through Amazon, that strikes me as a better deal than being able to sell 3,000 books at $12 a paperback, particularly because my royalty rates are way higher on downloads and I can jam out two or more of those downloadable books a year. It's not a strategy that will work for every author, which is why legacy publishers will continue to thrive, or at least survive, and will continue to publish the bulk of “quality” books in this country. But for a proud Grub Streeter like me with only marginal pretenses toward literary finery, the Amazon system is a dream.
Meanwhile, I'll get to work on my next project: two fan-fiction novellas in Amazon's red-hot Kindle Worlds Romance category. Amazon ordered them because they thought I'd offer a funny take on the genre. I never thought I'd be a romance novelist, but why not? It sounds like fun.
By Phillip Stucky, DCNF
Republican nominee Donald Trump gets a lot of flak for questioning President Barack Obama's birthplace, but Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton supported the idea all the way back in 2008.
Trump refuses to tell the press that they believe that Obama was born in the United States, despite the fact that campaign spokesperson Jason Miller told CNN, “Having successfully obtained President Obama's birth certificate when others could not, Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the United States.”
News outlets continue to push Trump and their surrogates to say on camera that Trump no longer believes Obama was not born in Hawaii in 1961.
Follow Phillip On Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected]
HUMAN poo has been dumped at the homes of two Brisbane residents after they complained about garden edging linked to the Legacy Way tunnel project.
Homeowners made the gruesome discoveries on a gate and a wheelie bin after they raised concerns about the timber edging.
They said screws protruding from shards of timber had punctured car tyres and posed a danger at the Ada St carpark at Toowong.
media_camera One of the broken wooden panels from the garden edging.
Resident Peter Bennett said another homeowner in the neighbourhood also had their car tyres deflated.
"Two residents including myself have had human poo left," they said.
Mr Bennett said they had also been called a "f***head" by a man as they drove into the worksite.
The incidents have been reported to police, and they were informed the driver had been issued with an official warning by police.
But Mr Bennett said the situation was becoming toxic.
"It's causing a lot of the residents around the area a lot of stress and anxiety. People are starting to put chains on gates now," they said.
"It's getting a bit out of hand."
A Brisbane City Council spokesperson said council is aware of the claims and takes the behaviour of Legacy Way's workforce in the community very seriously.
"Council works with Transcity to ensure all complaints are investigated as a matter of priority. This matter has been fully investigated and there is no evidence to suggest there's been any wrongdoing on Transcity's behalf," they said.
The spokesperson also said Transcity had investigated the complaints about the Ada St car park garden edging, and had responded immediately by removing all damaged edging and debris.
"In addition, Transcity will also remove the remainder of the existing timber edging in the area of concern to remove any further hazard."
Originally published as Stinky salvo after tunnel complaints
Brendan Rodgers had a bumpy start to their Anfield career. At times, the "Being Liverpool" documentary even felt like a parody. After a 3-1 Boxing Day defeat at Stoke in 2012-13 -- the midpoint of the campaign -- Liverpool found themselves 10th in the table, 21 points off the top. In the second half of the season, they gained 36 points. Had they kept that pace all year long, they would have been fifth, one point away from the Champions League.
You know what happened next. Liverpool finished second in 2013-14, letting the title slip away with that 2-0 home defeat to Chelsea and the 3-3 draw at Crystal Palace. And you know where they are now: out of the Champions League and ninth in the Premier League, 15 points off the top.
In terms of results, they are back where they were in the first half of Rodgers' regime: 25 points from 19 league games, 1.31 points per game vs. 1.4 points per game this season. In the 18 months in-between, they were a wholly different side, capable of gaining 119 points in 57 matches, or 2.09 per game.
So what's the difference? The simplistic, stock answer is: Daniel Sturridge. They arrived in January 2013 and broke down after three games in 2014-15. They haven't been back since. Their presence coincides with Rodgers' Liverpool doing well. In their absence, they've done badly.
The loss of Luis Suarez, of course, was also a huge blow. He's gone and he's irreplaceable.
That's one way to look at it, and a tempting one to some. It distills the game down to individuals. When Rodgers had two world-class strikers to paper over their cracks, they were devastating. Without them, he's not.
Rodgers and Liverpool are struggling but it can be fixed if the manager returns to their successful roots.
There's a problem with this thinking. First, there were 17 games over that 18-month period during which either Sturridge or Suarez was unavailable. Liverpool gained 2.24 points in those games, which is actually better than their record when they had both.
Second, it implies that Rodgers' contribution is irrelevant and that he's only as good as their front two. You can choose to believe that, if you like, or you can give them the benefit of the doubt, as I choose to do, based on their body of work at Swansea.
Liverpool's improvement, beginning in January 2013, was not solely down to the arrival of Sturridge. Indeed, it had little to do with signings. Other than Simon Mignolet and Philippe Coutinho, none of those who arrived in that 18 month spell enjoyed significant playing time.
The difference came on the training pitch. Rodgers developed a system that allowed Suarez and Sturridge to thrive together. (And, just as important, as the stats show, on their own.)
While it's true that Suarez and Sturridge contributed greatly to the Reds' success, it's not all down to them.
Jordan Henderson, derided by many, became a better player -- and an England fixture. Raheem Sterling developed into a star. Sturridge -- a guy who arrived with a reputation, however unfair it may have been, as a "bad egg" -- showed they aren't just a great player, they were a good professional as well. Steven Gerrard scored 18 goals in those 18 months -- as many as they had notched in the previous three years.
You don't want to reduce Suarez to mere numbers, but they did score 43 goals in 48 league games since that fateful Stoke match on Boxing Day, 2012. They had 28 in 62 before that. Simply put, they aren't a $100 million player prior to Rodgers.
It could all be a massive coincidence. Maybe Rodgers just found their rabbit's foot for those 18 months. Maybe Liverpool were just lucky for a very, very long time. Maybe all those guys who seemed to improve at around the same time would have improved anyway, regardless of whether the manager was Brendan Rodgers, Buck Rogers or Mister Rogers.
But I don't buy it.
Unless you're actually a Liverpool player or coach, you don't actually know what they do on the training ground. You only get second-hand accounts, which you can then juxtapose with what you see on the pitch. And I've had enough to conclude that they were working on formations and schemes and movements that made the team better. While also getting individual players to perform better. Not that Rodgers was perfect -- far from it. Even during Liverpool's stellar 18 months, they left a lot to be desired defensively. But it was clearly their day-to-day coaching that was having a positive impact.
Now, that's no longer happening. And as I hope I showed above, it's not simply a function of Sturridge being out.
That's what they need to regain, first and foremost, if the season is to be turned around. Find a tactical scheme that works for the players you have. It seems obvious, but that's what good coaches do. And that's what got Rodgers to do well at Swansea and later at Anfield.
Clearly, you can point to other mistakes. Much has been made of the summer signings and the fabled "transfer committee." What it basically means is that signings are not left solely to Rodgers but are approved by a group which includes chief executive Ian Ayre, head of performance and analysis Michael Edwards, head of recruitment Dave Fallows, chief scout Barry Hunter and Rodgers himself.
Because Liverpool's signings as a whole have been lackluster -- Sturridge and one or two others apart -- it's seen as a huge problem, particularly by those who are ideologically opposed to the notion of the omnipotent Sir Alex Ferguson-style boss.
Have all the new signings paid off? Not even close but in the case of Markovic, it can turn around.
It's true that Liverpool have overpaid for some guys in some cases and bought the wrong players in others. But while some of the execution has been poor, the structure itself is not a problem, because the different components bring their own expertise to the table. Hunter is a scout; they will have seen more of the potential signings than anyone. Edwards is the analytics expert who can (hopefully) identify value. Ayre is the business person who knows the budgets and, supposedly, knows how to negotiate. Rodgers has the big picture. You can talk about hierarchy and influence all you like, but even Sir Alex, the ultimate autocrat, relied on input from others who had more specific expertise.
The new arrivals as a group are nowhere near as bad as they've been depicted in some quarters. They simply haven't contributed the way their past performance suggests they would.
You would expect a guy with Rodgers' body of work to figure out a way to get this group to contribute consistently. You certainly would not expect them to do what they did in the last few games, erecting "safety-first" formations and adopting a small club, short-term mentality. As I mentioned on Monday, that's not why he's there. He's there to build something, to turn these guys into a team.
You can also point to other mistakes that were made. Gerrard hasn't complained about it but you would expect more clarity about their position -- both on the pitch and at the club -- and their future. It's not surprising then that he's in no rush to extend their deal.
Sterling has been ridden like some kind of workhorse. At times, you feel like he's single-handedly asked to provide all of Liverpool's creativity in the final third. And, as a result, he's been inconsistent. Young players often are. That's why managers are selective in how they use them. Not Rodgers.
Sterling is a superb asset for Liverpool but they need rest in order to rediscover their best form.
Sterling has featured in all but one of Liverpool's games this season. The club have played 2100 minutes of football: he's been on the pitch for 1854 minutes. Only Mignolet has played more. By the time they turned 20 on Monday, they had amassed 99 first-team appearances. Lionel Messi, by comparison, had made 71 at the same age; Cristiano Ronaldo, 100.
But here's the difference. Messi had lasted 90 minutes for Barcelona 25 times before their 20th birthday, Ronaldo 30 for Sporting and Manchester United. Sterling's done it 49 times for Liverpool. He's a special talent, absolutely. But if two of the greatest players of all time -- both precocious superstars -- were being used far more sparingly at teenagers than Sterling is, perhaps there's a reason.
Injuries haven't helped and mistakes have been made -- crucially, few of them of the kind that can't be undone -- but there is still plenty to salvage from this season.
Rodgers may or may not be the right guy to turn Liverpool around and take them forward. What's pretty certain in my view is that the guy impersonating Rodgers -- the one who talked about the "importance of clean sheets" and fielded these insipid, fearful, immediate, results-driven and blue-collar teams over the past few games -- is definitely not the guy Liverpool need. They haven't demonstrated the skill set to be that kind of manager.
What they have shown is the ability to play a different brand of attacking football, to make players better, to make teams greater than the sum of their parts. That's what won them plaudits at Swansea, that's what landed them the Liverpool job and that's what raised expectations through the roof last year.
That's the Rodgers Liverpool need right now, the one who makes a difference above all on the training pitch.
It might not work. But if it doesn't, at least he'll go down swinging. And at least it will be Brendan Rodgers, and not this faux replica, who comes up short.
Gabriele Marcotti is a senior writer for ESPN FC. Follow them on Twitter @Marcotti.
Alongside iOS 8 beta 3 , Apple today released a new version of OS X Yosemite, three weeks after releasing the second Developer Preview and over a month after introducing the new operating system at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference.The update, build 14A283o, can be downloaded from the Mac App Store or the Mac Dev Center.OS X Yosemite brings a flatter, more modern look to OS X, with an emphasis on translucency and redesigned dock, windows, and more. It also includes a multitude of new features, such as improved integration with iOS 8 through Continuity, a new "Today" view in Notification Center that offers integration with third-party apps, a retooled Spotlight search with new data sources, and several new features for apps like Mail, Safari, and Messages.Ahead of today's new beta release, Apple announced plans to wipe all CloudKit data for the iOS and Yosemite betas, including data from iCloud Drive, iCloud Photo Library, and Mail Drop.OS X Yosemite is currently only available to developers, but Apple plans to offer a beta version of the software to Mac users at some point during the summer. A public release of OS X Yosemite is expected in the fall, after several additional beta iterations.- First previewed during WWDC, Dark Mode is now officially available as of the third developer preview of Yosemite. Previously, Dark Mode could only be enabled via terminal command - System Preferences, Mail, and iCloud Preferences have all seen some interface tweaks in DP3 as noted by 9to5Mac . There are also larger App Icons for Notifications and a new font in the Notification Center/Safari Favorites Bar.- QuickTime has an updated icon.- Apple appears to have removed the Continuity/AirDrop settings from the System Report in Developer Preview 3. Previously, these settings let users know if Continuity and AirDrop were accessible on their machines. Apple also removed an "Allow Handoff between this Mac and Your iCloud devices" toggle from System Preferences on some machines.
Ottawa, Canada (CNN) -- The name 'Storm' may be gender-neutral, but it is also listed as a synonym for controversy.
And at just 4 months old, blond-haired, blue-eyed Storm and their Canadian family have stirred a parenting debate still brewing across continents.
Kathy Witterick, 38, and David Stocker, 39 are parents raising three children in Toronto. They feel children are pressured at far too tender an age by strict social norms of gender.
And so, as a remedy, they felt it was better to keep the youngest child's gender a secret -- even from the grandparents.
According to a front-page article in the Toronto Star last week, the only ones who know the baby's gender are the couple's sons -- Jazz, 5, and Kio, 2 -- a close family friend and two midwives present at delivery.
Instead of the usual birth announcement of 'It's a Boy!' or 'It's a Girl!', Stocker and Witterick sent out an e-mail announcement that said, "We've decided not to share Storm's sex for now -- a tribute to freedom and choice in place of limitation, a stand up to what the world could become in Storm's lifetime (a more progressive place? ...)."
Not yet, apparently.
Comments about the article were so sharp and so divided that for now, the family has decided to decline any further media interviews. Calls to their home by CNN were not returned.
A message on the family voicemail says, "Thanks for your interest in this important discussion, but at the moment, we're really swamped and our first priority is the needs of our family and especially our kids. So, leave a message if you'd like and we'll respond to it whenever we're able."
Witterick and Stocker may not be talking, but it seems everybody else is.
From radio call-in shows all over the continent, to a "hot topic" discussion on ABC's "The View," few lacked an opinion. Most said they were either appalled by the couple or applauded them for their courage.
"They are shell-shocked by the reaction of people that have been quite vehement. They didn't really understand what would happen," said Joe Hall, managing editor of the Toronto Star.
Hall said it was obvious from the very beginning -- even during meetings with their editorial staff -- that people could not help but express very divided opinions about the choice these parents are making.
The article has become the newspaper's most popular online story ever.
One reader wrote: "Wow, a good way to ruin your kid's life. Gender has nothing to do with sexuality. I think the parents are going to the extreme here. And what did someone do? Call all media and say, 'Hey all, these people are keeping their poor child's gender a secret'?? What's the hidden agenda here? A reality show? A book? Movie?"
But others countered that the couple's decision was inspiring.
"Bravo to these parents for bravely taking on the gender-biased world that labels children with stereotypes and gendered assumptions before they are even born!" one post read. "All parenting is an experiment -- but most people are happy to let Disney or Mattel run the lab. I hope your beautiful little family will stay strong against the conservative attack."
In a follow-up article written by the Toronto Star's Jayme Poisson -- the only journalist so far to visit with the family -- the couple expressed dismay with all the reaction but says it is hopeful the debate can still be constructive.
In the Toronto Star article, Witterick writes that, "Isn't defensiveness sometimes a first sign of learning or changing behaviour, so even the 'rabid' responses may have a place in making the world a more thoughtful place."
PyCon is the largest annual conference dedicated to the open-source Python programming language; it counts among its sponsors Facebook, Google, and Microsoft. Normally, it is exactly as boring and unremarkable as a gathering of twenty-five hundred programming-language enthusiasts sounds. But this year, on March 17th, two employees of PlayHaven, a company that develops tools for video-game marketing, made a couple of jokes while sitting in the tenth row of a “lightning talk.”
One of the jokes was about “big dongles.” It was a dick joke. (Amy Poehler has made a similar joke on national television, at Best Buy's behest.) The other joke, according to a commenter on Hacker News, who claimed to be one of the two employees, was a remark that “I would fork that guys [sic] repo.” It was, “mr-hank” claimed, a reference to the fact that taking a developer's code repository and “forking” the code, creating a new development based on the original, is a new form of flattery—in other words, not sexual in nature. Adria Richards, a developer evangelist for SendGrid, was sitting in front of the pair, and overheard their conversation. They could, as they later wrote on their blog, “feel [her] face getting flustered.” Then they took the above picture of the men and tweeted it to thousands of followers, with the hashtag #PyCon. They captioned it, “Not cool. Jokes about forking repo's in a sexual way and ‘big' dongles.” PyCon organizers swooped in, talked to the PlayHaven employees, and declared the situation “dealt with” on Twitter.
An Internet firestorm ensued. PlayHaven fired one of the employees, who remains unidentified. (PlayHaven's C.E.O., Andy Yang, said in a blog post, “We will not comment on all the factors that contributed to our parting ways.” The other employee, Alex Reid, “is still with the company and a valued employee,” said Yang.) The Verge turned up this Pastebin post, promising attacks on SendGrid and its clients until it fired Richards. A denial-of-service attack against SendGrid followed, rendering its site inaccessible to users. SendGrid then announced in a tweet that Richards had “been terminated.” A follow-up blog post explained that while “SendGrid supports the right to report inappropriate behavior,” Richards's “decision to tweet the comments and photographs of the people who made the comments crossed the line.” All the while, Richards, who is black, has been bombarded by deeply misogynistic and racist vitriol on Twitter, Facebook, and elsewhere, including threats of rape and murder.
Given the advantages of time, distance, and a rational mind, it is relatively easy to see that basically everybody involved erred (though some far more severely than others). No one emerges unscathed: Richards' public tweet shaming the pair was disproportionate to the inherent offense in their comments; the pair should not have made an unfunny dick joke—one that has been made too many times already—at a tech conference that emphasizes its diversity and code of conduct; PlayHaven should not have immediately fired the developer for the “inappropriate comments” (even if there were other factors, the timing is poor); vigilantes should not have launched attacks against SendGrid; SendGrid should not have fired Richards (again, if only for timing, not to mention that it sends the message that speaking out is wrong); and most of all, horrible people should not have bombarded Richards with threats of death and rape.
It's the last aspect that is most problematic: the ugliest manifestation of the simple truth that the technology industry, and the culture around it, has a serious, persistent problem with women. As Amanda Blum, a Portland-based technology consultant, put it in their post about the situation, “[Sexism] runs so deep and so organic to the industry that even men who would see it in other places don't recognize it in our insulated world.” Courtney Stanton's account of their own experiences at tech conferences is sobering, as is this timeline of “sexist events in geek communities,” on the Geek Feminism Wiki, even given its obvious patchiness.
There are not enough women working in technology and related fields; this is bad enough. But much of the culture itself is warped, as the harrowingly misogynist response to Richards clearly shows. (Or just consider the “shockingly sexist” launch of the Galaxy S4, the flagship phone of one of the biggest technology companies in the world.) Its effects are seen not only on the Internet, amidst the mostly anonymous hordes, but inside of Silicon Valley's increasingly insular, I.P.O.-money-lined bubble. The mythos of its own unyielding, progressivist meritocracy is foundational; it cannot tolerate threats to its truth. So employees are quickly fired as press releases are fired off (even as male employees are not often fired for creating that atmosphere in the first place). In geek communities on the Internet, rape threats rain down in forums or on Twitter in response to moments when male privilege within those communities is called out or challenged. Behind that is a real sense of bereavement and victimization. At best, when that sexism is filtered through more benevolent intentions, we get “the forty hottest women in tech.”
A lot has to change. Perhaps we should start with getting rid of the word “dongle.”
Credit: @adriarichards.
Talk about unlikely popularity: More than two years after its tumultuous digital-only release, “The Interview” still remains the most-sold movie on Google Play to date.
The James Franco and Seth Rogen-helmed comedy has outsold blockbusters like “Frozen,” “Deadpool” and “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” on Google's digital media store, according to data released by Google Monday — and that's despite the fact that “The Interview”was also available on Netflix for close to two years as well.
“The Interview” owes much of its digital success to threats from hackers linked to North Korea, which led to major theater chains backing out of showing the movie, and Sony effectively cancelling its theatrical release in December of 2014.
The studio instead opted for an unprecedented digital-only release strategy put together at the eleventh hour. In addition to Google Play and Netflix, the movie also was distributed via iTunes, Xbox Live and other digital resellers.
“The Interview” casts Franco and Rogen as journalists who travel to North Korea to interview the country's leader Kim Jong-un — and are being recruited by the CIA to kill him. As part of North Korea's backlash against the movie, hackers linked to the country broke into Sony's computer systems and leaked thousands of emails as well as screen plays and other sensitive information.
Google released the data highlighting “The Interview's” continued success Monday as part of a larger list of the most popular content on Google Play, which was unveiled as a central location for apps, games, music, books, movies and TV shows on March 6 2012.
Some of the bestsellers from other content categories included Adele's “25” as the best-selling album, “Fifty Shades of Grey” as the best-selling book and Facebook as the most-installed app. Google Play has more than one billion monthly active users in 190 countries, according to the company.
Popular Variety Video:
Family of British backpacker, 19, who went missing a decade ago in the Far East have been told that bones and a pair of underpants have been found near a Cambodian lake
Eddie Gibson disappeared aged 19 in October 2004
Last made contact with mother saying they were looking forward to their return
Human remains were found near a lake in Poipet near the Thailand border
Site has been secured as a crime scene with more bones discovered
Eddie Gibson disappeared aged 19 in October 2004 when they last made contact with their mother saying they were looking forward to coming home
The family of a British backpacker who went missing 10 years ago have been left in limbo amid reports that human remains found in Cambodia are not his.
Eddie Gibson disappeared aged 19 in October 2004 when they last made contact with their mother saying they were looking forward to coming home.
This week it emerged that their family were informed that human remains were found near a lake in Poipet near the Cambodian border with Thailand.
Mike Gibson, the father of Eddie, from Hove, East Sussex, said the site has been secured as a crime scene as more bones, including a skull, have been discovered.
A pair of underpants, possibly Calvin Klein's which Eddie wore, were found in the area and it is suspected the body found had a broken arm, which Eddie had.
But reports in Cambodia say a joint investigation by the National Police and provincial authorities has ruled out the remains belonging to Eddie.
The Cambodia Daily newspaper quoted provincial police chief Kheng Soum, who said the body belonged to an Asian person.
They said: 'After police carried out tests on the bones we concluded that they belong to an Asian person between 30 and 40 years old and that the time of death was about five years ago.'
Mike Gibson, the father of Eddie, from Hove, East Sussex, said the site has been secured as a crime scene as more bones, including a skull, have been discovered
Eddie¿s dental records are now being sent to the Far East to help in the identification process as their family said they hope to bring closure to years of heartache
Mr Gibson said they were treating the information coming out of Cambodia with caution.
They said: 'The information that we were given contradicts what we have subsequently heard.
'That worries me, and I want to get to the bottom of that.' They added: 'I've only heard this news in the past 15 minutes.'
Earlier, Mr Gibson said the family were 'waiting with bated breath' to learn whether the body is definitely Eddie so they can finally bring them home.
They said: 'On Monday we were phoned by a private investigator who has a presence in Cambodia and who investigates children who have gone missing.
'He was notified by border police at Poipet that there had been some human remains found near a lake on the border between Cambodia and Thailand, on the Cambodia side.
'Over the last couple of days they have secured it as a crime scene, and they have been able to get more bones, including a skull, and they are assembling the skeleton.'
Eddie was three weeks into a combined Asian and Pacific studies and international management course at Leeds University when they left to travel around Cambodia, pictured
The family believe Eddie may have been murdered on their way back from Phnom Penh in the area where the human remains were found.
Mr Gibson said: 'We are waiting with bated breath. For their mother and I, we have had nine and a half years of not knowing.
'We do hope it is Eddie so we can bring them home and bring an end to all this not knowing what has happened to him.
'It's a strange feeling, and if it's not them then it has just relived the whole thing and added to the torture.'
Eddie was three weeks into a combined Asian and Pacific studies and international management course at Leeds University when they left to travel around Cambodia.
On October 24 2004, they sent their mother Jo an email saying they were 'really looking forward to coming home'.
But the message was the last their family heard from him, and when they went to meet them off a flight which left Bangkok, Thailand, on November 1, they were not there.
In 2006, four officers from Sussex Police's major crime branch spent 10 days in Phnom Penh, working alongside the Cambodian National Police.
Interviews were conducted with people who had contact with Eddie, hotels they stayed at were visited and officers also travelled to Poipet, but Eddie's whereabouts remained a mystery.
Detective Chief Inspector Jeff Riley, of Sussex Police, said: 'We are aware of the finding of human remains in Cambodia that are currently being examined to see if they could belong to Eddie Gibson.
'We are continuing to support the Gibson family, as we have since Eddie went missing, and will help them and the Cambodia authorities through the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in any way we can to find out what has happened to him.'
A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesperson said: 'We are aware of the reports and our thoughts remain with Eddie Gibson's family. We continue to be in contact with the family at this difficult time.'
For almost a decade, Las Vegans have been calling for someone to save the historic Huntridge Theatre. It appears they're about to get the chance to help save it themselves.
A partnership group calling itself Huntridge Revival, LLC—headed up by Life Is Beautiful Festival founder Rehan Choudhry, Downtown Las Vegas mainstay Michael Cornthwaite and First Friday managing partner Joey Vanas—has signed a contract that will allow it to renovate and relaunch the landmark at the southeast corner of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland Parkway, Choudhry and Cornthwaite confirmed in an exclusive interview with the Weekly Wednesday night.
To do so, however, Huntridge Revival will require financial support from the people of Las Vegas, the two men explained.
“We have a purchase contract that's signed,” Cornthwaite said, referring to a deal the group has inked with the local family that has owned the property since January 2002. “We've put down a deposit, and we have to raise additional funds to eventually close on the property and then renovate the entire property. We're looking at this as a two-to-three-year project.”
Choudhry, former entertainment director for the Cosmopolitan, and Cornthwaite, who owns Downtown Cocktail Room and co-owns the Beat Coffeehouse and the Emergency Arts gallery complex, said details about the specific ways the public will be able to contribute to the project and the dollar amount required to fund it will be unveiled in the coming months.
“The notion is not that dissimilar from the way the Smith Center was funded, but with a different sense of purpose,” Choudhry said. “We want all levels of people, from über-wealthy business investors down to a 14-year-old kid who can only contribute $1. We want everybody in the process to feel like they're an invested owner of the venue.”
“It's a call to action,” Cornthwaite said. “We won't be able to accomplish this without the community buying in. If you want to make it happen, you should participate.”
In terms of specific plans for the building that once housed concerts by the Beastie Boys, Beck, The Smashing Pumpkins and hundreds more, Choudhry said, “We have no intention of deviating from what the Huntridge was in the past. At the end of the day, that big room is still a 1,600-capacity music venue,” they added, promising “a few surprises” for the remainder of the sizeable corner property.
Designed by renowned movie theater designer S. Charles Lee, the Huntridge opened on October 10, 1944, and served a vital role in the community for more than three decades before closing for the first time in 1977. Among its many claims to fame, the Huntridge was the first Las Vegas theater to feature air conditioning and one of the country's first fully integrated movie theaters.
The Huntridge managed to survive down periods that became more frequent during the 1980s and early '90s, along with a 1995 roof collapse and frequent scares that the building might be torn down, initially morphing into a discount movie house and later reinventing itself as a music venue. The final show, on July 30, 2004, featured metal acts Dimmu Borgir, Bleeding Through and God Forbid.
Since then, the structure—most recognizable by its art-deco design and 75-foot-high tower—has sat vacant and, apparently, fallen into massive disrepair. “It's a complete mess in there,” Choudhry says. “The good news is, we've got a good infrastructure to work with, so there's no need to tear any big piece of it down. But it's going to be a massive amount of work.”
The Huntridge has been listed among both the National Register of Historic Places and the Nevada State Register of Historic Places since the early 1990s, and while those designations alone do not serve as legal protection for any structure regarding demolition, covenants attached to the property—conditions of a series of grants totaling close to $1.5 million, from the state of Nevada and the City of Las Vegas to the Friends of the Huntridge, the nonprofit group that managed the theater from 1992 to 2002—do. Those covenants are set to expire in 2017, however, putting Huntridge Revival's plan in a possible last-chance-at-preservation position.
“We need to find dedicated partners who are emotionally invested in the project,” Choudhry says, “but we wouldn't be doing this if we didn't believe it was going to happen.”
One of the largest contributors to the Republican Party, the US Chamber of Commerce (also recently charged with fraud and money laundering), has a senior member with an odd bio.
John Bachmann is a current member of the Monsanto's Board of Directors and past Chairman of the US Chamber of Commerce's Board of Directors and current member of the same BoD. They also sit on the board of AMR, owner of American Airlines, and is a senior partner at Edward Jones.
Though Bachmann's other business associations are mentioned, glaringly and obviously absent from their US Chamber of Commerce bio is any mention of their service to Monsanto:
http://www.uschamber.com/about/board/john-w-bachmann [Monsanto: phrase not found]
In their Monsanto bio however, he's pretty proud of their service to the US Chamber of Commerce.
http://www.monsanto.com/whoweare/Pages/john-bachmann-bio.aspx “John W. Bachmann, 71, is a senior partner of Edward Jones, a major financial services firm that advises individual investors. From 1980 until 2004, Mr. Bachmann served as managing partner of Edward Jones. Mr. Bachmann was elected to the Monsanto board in May 2004 and is a member of the Audit and Finance Committee and the People and Compensation Committee. They also serve on the boards of AMR Corporation and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, where they were the chairperson of the board for 2004-2005. Mr. Bachmann has been elected to a term that expires in 2011.”
Mr. Bachmann, why are you hiding your service to Monsanto from the US Chamber of Commerce's members?
Advertisements
As we get ready for the Lightning's historic night when they retire Martin St. Louis' jersey, below you can find a complete guide on what you need to know so you don't miss anything.
Puck-Drop vs. Buffalo Sabres
Marty will drop the puck prior to Thursday's Lightning game against the Buffalo Sabres.
Jersey Retirement Ceremony
Marty's jersey number retirement ceremony will begin at 6:30 p.m. on Friday night. Fans attending the game will want to arrive very early for the game to ensure they are in their seat for the beginning of the show. Doors for premium areas will open at 5 p.m. while regular doors will open at 5:30 p.m.
The ceremony will include many of their past Lightning teammates, including Dave Andreychuk, Vincent Lecavalier, Fredrick Modin, Tim Taylor, Ruslan Fedotenko, as well as former general manager, Jay Feaster. Speakers for the ceremony will include Lightning owner Jeff Vinik, Lightning GM Steve Yzerman, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman, Lightning captain Steven Stamkos and more.
Where to Watch the ceremony
For those unable to be at AMALIE Arena for the ceremony, it will be televised beginning at 6:30 p.m. by FOX Sports Sun and streamed on Fox Sports GO and NHL.TV. Radio listeners can hear it live on 970-AM in the Tampa/St. Petersburg area, or via the Lightning Power Play channel on iHeartRadio.
Former Lightning head coach John Tortorella, now with Columbus, is one of several personalities scheduled to speak during the ceremony, which will be available to re-watch on-demand at TampaBayLightning.com/msl26.
Marty Night Jersey Auction
The Tampa Bay Lightning announced today that the team has begun auctioning off two sets of game-worn jerseys worn during the Marty St. Louis jersey number retirement game on www.tampabaylightning.com/gameworns. The on-line jersey auction ends on Tuesday, January 24 at midnight. The first set of jerseys being auctioned off will be the set the Lightning players wore during warm-ups prior to their game against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Friday night. Additionally, each jersey has been signed by the Lightning player and St. Louis. The second set of jerseys being auctioned off will be the jerseys the Lightning wore for their game against the Blue Jackets. The black BOLTS jersey worn during the game will also include the special '26' patch.
Social Media
With all the excitement around the Lightning retiring their first jersey number, the Bolts are encouraging fans to use the hashtag #MSL26 for their social media postings. The Lightning's website will be switched to honor Marty and the website www.tampabaylightning.com/msl26 will have on-demand content from the big night at AMALIE Arena. St. Louis' top 10 moments are also on the Lightning special webpage, including exclusive interviews with the former captain.
Fans will be able to use a special Martin St. Louis snapchat filter on Ford Thunder Alley and inside the arena as well as be able to download special cover photos for Twitter and facebook.
See Marty's awards
The awards Martin St. Louis won during their NHL career will all be on display during Friday night's game against the Columbus Blue Jackets at the following locations and fans will be able to take photos with the trophies:
Stanley Cup - West Patio
Art Ross Trophy - Suite Level East
Lady Byng - Section 112
Lester B. Pearson Award - Section 320
Hart Trophy - Bud Light Party Deck
Every top manager of the Department of Veterans Affairs received a positive performance evaluation for the past four years, and 78 percent got a bonus in 2013, despite a string of patient deaths and falsification of records related to patient wait times, according to congressional testimony Friday.
Agency executives write their own performance evaluations, which seem to receive only cursory reviews from their supervisors, several committee members said in questioning the VA's top personnel officer.
While everyone was deemed at least “fully successful” in meeting their performance goals, 57 percent of top managers were rated to have exceeded expectations and another 21 percent were found to be “outstanding,” according to testimony from Gina Farrisee, assistant secretary for human resources and administration at VA.
Those who exceeded their baseline requirements got bonuses. The figures include administrators in the Senior Executive Service and certain medical personnel.
Past evaluations cannot be rescinded, even in light of new revelations that hospital administrators nationwide engaged in “systemic” falsification of patient wait lists to hide backlogs in medical care, Farrisee said.
Meeting agency deadlines for delivering care weighs heavily in the performance goals that lead to bonus awards.
In Phoenix and other cities, the agency's inspector general and independent Government Accountability Office have found widespread practices, such as secret waiting lists, were used to falsely make it appear patients were seen within the VA's 14-day appointment deadline.
Outraged members of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs called VA's bonus-driven culture “reprehensible,” “outlandish,” “scandalous” and “criminal.”
“It seems to be the only thing the Department of Veterans Affairs is effective at doing is writing bonus checks to each other,” said Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo. “I just think that is stunning.”
Coffman criticized Farrisee, a retired Army general, for accepting VA's failures and trying to explain them away with bureaucratic answers.
“That's amazing that you would serve this country in uniform and yet you would be so tolerant as to how this department treats our veterans,” said Coffman, themselves an Army and Marine Corps veteran.
“You ought to be outraged at the manner these veterans are treated. But you're not. It is all status quo to you,” Coffman said.
The Washington Examiner has reported for more than a year that top administrators have routinely collected five-figure performance bonuses, despite overseeing long backlogs in processing disability claims and inadequate care at medical facilities.
Top executives at VA were paid more than $14.5 million in performance bonuses since 2010, according to Farrisee, including about $2.7 million in fiscal year 2013. They did not supply a breakdown of payments to individuals.
Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson suspended all 2014 performance bonuses for the Veterans Health Administration, which oversees medical care, after the latest scandal erupted about falsified patient waiting lists in April.
Patients at the Phoenix VA hospital were kept on a secret waiting list until an appointment within the 14-day window set by VA policy was available, and only then added to the official list.
Since that practice was revealed by Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairperson of the House veterans committee, in an April 9 hearing, the inspector general's investigation has spread to more than 70 facilities nationwide.
Last year, bonuses for the Veterans Benefits Administration, which processes disability claims, were suspended.
Farrisee, who has been in their job since September, laid out what they described as a rigorous review process in evaluating the performance of senior executives, saying it exceeds the requirements of the government-wide standards set by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management.
Farrisee said the bonus structure at VA is necessary to recruit and retain top people but acknowledged there was no mass exodus from the VBA after bonuses there were suspended.
When committee members pressed them for details on how employee performance is evaluated, Farrisee often said they did not know the answer.
Rep. Dan Benishek, R-Mich., said it appeared from the forms used for performance reviews that the employee does a self-evaluation, which is accepted with little or no scrutiny from supervisors.
Farrisee said the self-evaluation is optional, but they but acknowledged it is required when they were corrected by Miller.
Several committee members honed in on the $63,000 bonus paid last year to Michael Moreland, who was the regional director of the hospital network that includes Pittsburgh.
A half-dozen patients died at the Pittsburgh hospital from Legionnaires' disease linked to mismanagement and faulty maintenance at the facility in 2011 and 2012.
Hospital director Terry Gerigk Wolf also received a perfect performance evaluation for 2012.
Farrisee said once an employee's evaluation is finalized, it cannot be changed, even if new information surfaces of improper or unethical practices.
Moreland retired in 2013, and Wolf was put on paid administrative leave earlier this month while an internal investigation of the Pittsburgh deaths is conducted.
Last month, former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki began the procedure to revoke a $9,345 bonus paid to Sharon Helman, the director of the Phoenix VA hospital.
That bonus was issued due to an “administrative error,” so it can be retracted, Farrisee said.
Shinseki announced May 30 they had begun the process of firing Helman. Shinseki resigned later that day. Helman remains on the VA's payroll on paid administrative leave.
Rep. Ann Kuster, D-N.H., said it is clear that the standards for outstanding performance at VA are too low. Kuster asked what it takes to get fired at VA.
“Would criminal conduct be evidence of lack of performance?” Kuster asked.
“It would be misconduct,” Farrisee said.
“Would misconduct be sufficient for someone to lose their position?” Kuster continued.
“If the evidence proves that through investigation, yes, that is possible,” Farrisee replied.
Rep. Raul Ruiz, D-Calif., also challenged whether any meaningful evaluation is given prior to bonuses being awarded.
One of the core values at VA is supposed to be integrity, said Ruiz, an emergency room physician. That is clearly lacking, they said.
“I am appalled by the thought of VA officials covering up the fact that they are not providing much needed medical care to our veterans and still obtaining bonuses,” Ruiz said.
“Honesty and integrity are the values of this country. Lying to get a bonus flies in the face of our values as Americans.”
Following
Blocked Unblock Follow
Londyn wpadł w pułapkę swojego sukcesu — jest za bogaty i za drogi. Brytyjska stolica tonie w pieniądzach rosyjskich oligarchów, co sprawia, że niektóre kwartały miasta stają się niedostępne dla zwykłych londyńczyków. Brixton, dzielnica, będąca namiastką Karaibów w Zjednoczonym Królestwie, zaczyna odczuwać skutki tych procesów i właśnie prowadzi walkę o zachowanie swojej tożsamości.
„Kiedy wyłamią twoje drzwi/ jak stąd wyjdziesz?/ Z podniesionymi rękami/ czy z palcem na spuście?”
Kiedy Paul Simonon, basista The Clash, wkurzony na swoich kumpli z zespołu, że zgarniają więcej kasy, komponował „Guns of Brixton”, prawdopodobnie nie wiedział, że kawałek okaże się proroczy. Dwa lata później w dzielnicy wybuchną zamieszki, które już na zawsze określą to miejsce, jako front napięć rasowych.
Kwiecień 1981 był szokiem dla większości Brytyjczyków. Czarni obywatele, z których większość przybyła z Karaibów w latach 40. i 50., wydawali się już wtedy dobrze zintegrowani ze społeczeństwem. Wśród nich były gwiazdy sportu i telewizji. Kiedy więc w Brixton zaczęły płonąć samochody, a młodzi czarni mężczyźni starli się z policją, biała klasa średnia nie wiedziała, co się dzieje.
Sytuacja, która miała wtedy miejsce, przebiegała według dość sztampowego scenariusza. W Brixton prawie połowa czarnych chłopaków nie miała pracy, za to funkcjonariusze bardzo chętnie korzystali z tzw. Sus Law (od suspect — podejrzany), które pozwalało im zatrzymać i przeszukać każdego, wobec którego mieli cień podejrzenia o popełnienie przestępstwa. Kiedy w kwietniu tamtego roku w sześć dni zatrzymano tysiąc osób, a przy okazji rozeszła się plotka o brutalnym potraktowaniu jednego z lokalnych chłopaków, mała iskra wywołała pożar.
Zamieszki w Brixton, 1981
Te wydarzenia wyrwały Brytyjczyków z letargu. Rasizm po raz pierwszy znalazł swoje miejsce w debacie publicznej, co w rezultacie pozwoliło czterem czarnoskórym londyńczykom zasiąść w Westminsterze. Zmieniło się też szkolenie i rekrutacja policjantów — dziś są bardziej zintegrowani ze społecznością lokalną. Brixton odżyło, ale sukces ma czasem gorzki smak.
„Kiedy już cię namierzą/ co wtedy zrobisz?/ Dasz się zastrzelić na ulicy/ czy poczekasz w celi śmierci?”
Podobno w latach 70., mimo alfonsów, prostytutek i gangsterów szwędających się po ulicach, w Brixton nikt nie zamykał drzwi frontowych na zamek. A jeśli ktoś uwielbiał reggae i dobre imprezy, to nie było dla niego lepszego miejsca w całej Anglii. Podobno też, wystarczyło wziąć głęboki oddech, by poczuć tu zapach zioła. Życie toczyło się swoim rytmem.
Dziś w Brixton nikt nie jest pewny jutra. Mieszkańcy przyglądają się, jak stare posiadłości z początku zeszłego wieku, służące im za mieszkania socjalne, zamieniają się w nowoczesne apartamentowce. Ludzie próbują organizować się oddolnie, ale natrafiają na opór władzy.
Targowisko Brixton Village na początku lat 60.
Rada dzielnicy Lambeth, pod której jurysdykcją jest Brixton, ma związane ręce. Przez ostrą kurację odchudzającą, którą Westminster zaserwował wydatkom publicznym, radni są zmuszeni sprzedawać ziemię temu, kto da więcej. To powoduje dobrze znany w Londynie i innych wielkich miastach łańcuch zdarzeń — czynsze rosną, a ludzie, których na to nie stać, są zmuszani do eksmisji lub porzucania biznesów, które ich rodziny prowadziły od dziesięcioleci. Miasto nie jest w stanie im pomóc. Krzyżyk na drogę.
W Brixton już można zauważyć zjawisko „czystek społecznych”, czyli wypychanie tych z dołu drabiny społecznej, często mniejszości etnicznych, i robienie miejsca klasie średniej.
Rozwiązań nie trzeba szukać daleko. W zeszłym roku Berlin wprowadził tzw. rent cap, mechanizm, który nie pozwala właścicielom na podniesienie czynszu o więcej niż dziesięć procent, niż wynosi średnia rynkowa. Przykład Berlina dowodzi, że istnieją inne sposoby na zwiększenie bezpieczeństwa i atrakcyjności miejskich gett niż wpuszczanie do nich niczym nieograniczonego kapitału.
„Możecie nas stłamsić/ możecie nas zranić/ ale będziecie musieli odpowiedzieć przed/ o! — strzelbami z Brixton!”
W modnych magazynach lifestylowych można się spotkać z wyrażeniem „Brixton Renaissance”, nawiązującym do kulturowego odrodzenia w nowojorskim Harlemie w latach 20. Redaktorzy zachwycają się, jak to z upadłej dzielnicy, słynącej ze swoich więzień, Brixton przekształciło się w raj dla smakoszy. Jednak na słynnym targu Brixton Village, zamiast afrokaraibskich lokalsów, zakupy robią dziś głównie białe młode rodziny z klasy średniej. Są tacy, którzy to zjawisko nazywają rewitalizacją.
Socjolożka Ruth Grass nazwała rzeczy po imieniu. W 1964, przyglądając się zmianom w swoim rodzimym północnolondyńskim Islington, stworzyła termin gentryfikacja. Na jej oczach dawna robotnicza dzielnica przemieniała się w sypialnię dla przedstawicieli klasy średniej. Jednak dwadzieścia lat później nawet dla nich będzie tu za drogo. Wtedy będą pielgrzymować do innych, wcześniej zakazanych części miasta. Tak część z nich znajdzie się w Brixton.
“Szanuj nasz byt albo spodziewaj się oporu” — transparent z demonstracji Reclaim Brixton
Mieszkańcy zaczynają się więc organizować. Ale rozwścieczony tłum jest trudny do upilnowania. Jedna z demonstracji organizacji Reclaim Brixton (Odzyskać Brixton) wymknęła się spod kontroli. Na razie skończyło się na wybitej witrynie jednej z ekskluzywnych agencji nieruchomości
i zwyzywania ich od yuppies. Ale po drugiej stronie Tamizy protestujący nieśli już ze sobą płonące pochodnie i świńskie łby. I śmieszno, i straszno.
W Londynie jeszcze do niedawna niektóre rzeczy były pewne jak amen w pacierzu. Jak to, że w Finchley króluje koszer, na Brick Lane można zjeść najlepsze curry, a w Brixton kupić warzywa i przyprawy prosto z Karaibów. Te małe sklepiki i stragany były sercem lokalnej społeczności. Kupując lokalnie, człowiek wiedział, że zostawia pieniądze swojemu sąsiadowi. Dziś londyńskie ulice, zagarnięte przez szyldy sieciówek, wyglądają jak niekończąca się galeria handlowa. Wielokulturowy Londyn traci swoją tożsamość, zamieniając się w homogeniczną przestrzeń, której prawdziwą królową jest marka.
„Pieniądze są spoko/ a twoje życie jest całkiem znośne/ ale i na ciebie przyjdzie czas/ w niebie albo w piekle”
Od czasów zamieszek w Brixton w latach 80. zmieniło się wiele, ale jedna kwestia nie uległa presji czasu. Ostatni raport Laburzystów wykazał, że liczba młodych ludzi z mniejszości etnicznych, pozostających bez pracy przez ponad rok, wzrosła o 49 procent od czasu objęcia władzy przez administrację Davida Camerona w 2010 roku. Czasy się zmieniły, ale kwestie rasowe nadal mają znaczenie na rynku pracy.
Brixton opisywane dziś jest jako „tętniąca życiem i pełna niespodzianek dzielnica”, a prężna scena klubowa ściąga tu imprezowiczów z całej londyńskiej aglomeracji. Dzielnica przeżywa też prawdziwe oblężenie młodych profesjonalistów z branży medialnej. To wszystko sprawia, że wynajęcie małego pokoiku w Brixton poniżej pięciuset funtów miesięcznie graniczy z cudem.
Pop Brixton —bar, restauracja i przestrzeń dla startupów w jednym. Ta najmodniejsza dziś miejscówka w Brixton mieści się w dawnym kontenerze morskim.
Jednak to nie wina dzieciaków z klasy średniej. One są tylko jednym z ogniw tego ciągu przyczynowo-skutkowego. Według przedstawicieli szkoły chicagowskiej miasto to arena ciągłego konfliktu o panowanie nad przestrzenią. W Londynie tę walkę wygrywa globalny kapitał, który trafił na podatny grunt, bo od czasu panowania Żelaznej Damy, samorządy lokalne skutecznie zniechęcano do budowy mieszkań komunalnych i kontrolowania cen rynkowych.
Teraz miastem trzęsą rosyjscy oligarchowie i saudyjscy szejkowie. Dzielnice takie jak Mayfair i Knightsbridge (w tej drugiej znajduje się dom handlowy Harrods) zawsze były zamieszkiwane przez klasę wyższą, jednak teraz stały się prywatnym placem zabaw dla miliarderów. Ci, których nie stać już na tę kosztowną rozrywkę, przenoszą się dalej, do Chelsea i Fulham, wypychając stamtąd dotychczasowych mieszkańców. I tak karuzela kręci się dalej, a dla tych, którzy mają zawroty głowy, może już za niedługo nie starczyć miejsca w Londynie.
Gentryfikacja zawsze jest zjawiskiem politycznym — wynika albo z planowanego działania władz centralnych, albo z jego świadomego braku. Przymykanie oczu na to zjawisko i dalsza polityka cięć sprawi, że jedyną odpowiedzią mogą stać się butelki z benzyną i kamienie. Londyn szykuje się do kolejnej bitwy. Ale czy ktoś jeszcze pisze o tym piosenki?
If you want to smuggle something, surrounding it in something pungent is a good way to cover the smell, so some heroin smugglers in Germany had a pretty good plan when they surrounded their wares in 25 tons of pickled garlic and cucumbers.
According to The Local, police in Essen uncovered 725 pounds of heroin in a truck carrying 25 tons of pickled garlic and cucumbers. That much heroin is about 1.3 million individual doses, and the haul is estimated to be worth 50 million euros, or about $64 million. There's no word on what the 25 tons of pickled garlic is worth.
The truck reportedly began its route in Iran before reaching Germany, where police say they suspect a drug ring has been smuggling heroin in vegetable shipments for some time.
The bust is especially significant, given that police in Germany seized 595 pounds of heroin in all of 2013.
I count myself lucky to have been able to interview the people I have. It's awesome to spend time picking the brains of people who shaped the worlds you love. My luck continued with a conversation with David Brevik. We spend time discussing Diablo, their current pursuits, as well as advice for those looking to go into the industry. David also goes into some depth as to their thoughts on a D2 remaster. I won't lie, I jump around a bit, which I credit to nerves but overall it's worth a listen.
Interview Timeline:
0:46 – David probed about anything they haven't said about Diablo 2 yet.
– David probed about anything they haven't said about Diablo 2 yet. 3:50 – David talks about their current work including their new game, their work at Gazillion and more.
– David talks about their current work including their new game, their work at Gazillion and more. 10:30 – Hardcore mode in Diablo 2 and is discussed and why they added it to the sequel.
– Hardcore mode in Diablo 2 and is discussed and why they added it to the sequel. 15:08 – Were there problems with the implementation in Diablo 2 ?
– Were there problems with the implementation in Diablo 2 17:21 – How social media and new outlets has affected game development.
– How social media and new outlets has affected game development. 21:00 – Is the new action RPG less about the grind? Is there a way to do that?
– Is the new action RPG less about the grind? Is there a way to do that? 25:40 – David talks about how they would feel about a Diablo 2 remaster and the challenges Blizzard would face to make it happen. It's a lot more complicated than some may think.
– David talks about how they would feel about a Diablo 2 remaster and the challenges Blizzard would face to make it happen. It's a lot more complicated than some may think. 32:11 – David talks about whether any Diablo game will be able to match Diablo 2 .
– David talks about whether any Diablo game will be able to match Diablo 2 34:20 – Is any team that takes up a Diablo game at a disadvantage?
– Is any team that takes up a Diablo game at a disadvantage? 39:42 – David tries to dish out some advice for anyone wanting to join the games industry.
With this interview being posted we'd like to kick off the podcast once again which has been on a break for a few months. Please email [email protected] if you're interested in talking some Diablo with me and others on the Diablo Podcast.
"President Trump and I need Greg [Gianforte] working with us in Washington," the vice president says in the call. | Getty Pence records robocall for Montana special election The vice president is urging Republicans to turn out in the May 25 House race.
HELENA, Mont. — Vice President Mike Pence is wading back into the special election for Montana's at-large House seat with a new robocall urging voters to support Republican Greg Gianforte this week.
“Hello, this is Vice President Mike Pence, calling to say there is an important special election being waged right now for Montana's open congressional seat," Pence says in the call, which Republicans started deploying on Tuesday, two days before Election Day. "Greg Gianforte is running to be your next member of congress and President Trump and I need Greg working with us in Washington to cut your taxes, secure our borders, and protect your Second Amendment rights."
Story Continued Below
The race between Gianforte and Democrat Rob Quist has turned tighter than expected in the closing stretch, but Gianforte is still favored in the state Donald Trump carried by more than 21 points in November.
While Democrats nationwide hope that the turmoil surrounding Trump and the investigations into their ties to Russia will drag Republicans down, Gianforte has in fact sought to tie themselves to the White House. Donald Trump Jr. has visited the state for them twice, and Pence visited as well, rallying Republicans two weekends ago.
Morning Score newsletter Your guide to the permanent campaign — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
But Republicans have become more wary of this race in the final days, with both sides pumping last-second cash and resources in.
"Don't let Nancy Pelosi and the liberal Democrats take this seat out of Republican hands. The stakes are high, and your vote will matter this Thursday. Remember to get to the polls this Thursday, May 25, and cast your vote for Republican Greg Gianforte for Congress. Thanks for listening. With Greg Gianforte's help, we will make America great again,” Pence adds in the robocall.
I'm a woman in computer science. Let me ladysplain the Google memo to you.
For example, we could look to the percentage of women majoring in computer science at highly selective colleges and universities. Women currently make up about 30 percent of the computer science majors at Stanford University, one key source of Google's elite workforce. Harvey Mudd College, another elite program, has seen its numbers grow steadily for many years, and is currently at about 50 percent women in their computer science department. Yet Google's workforce is just 19 percent female. So even if we imagine for a moment that the manifesto is correct and there is some biological ceiling on the percentage of women who will be suited to work at Google — less than 50 percent of their workforce — isn't it the case that Google, and tech generally, is almost certainly not yet hitting that ceiling?
But computer majors are not interchangeable or homogeneous.  They are trying to paint women as the victims and tech companies as the oppressors, but fails to consider other possibilities:
–perhaps many of the female computer majors don't finish. Of the 30% current computer science majors who are female, maybe only 10% or so actually graduate with a degree in computer science.
–female computer science majors out of Harvey Mudd College and Harvard are not applying to Google
–female computer science degree holders are less likely to enter the workforce than male degree holders, or are less likely to pursue a computer science job than male degree holders. Whereas male degree holders seek work after finishing college, probably many female degree holders have children and get married, so their degree is of no use.
–perhaps there is a mismatch of skills between what is taught and what Google wants
–perhaps male candidates are simply better qualified, and what is wrong with Google choosing the best people for their positions
LONGUEUIL – Public consultations on the closure of Saint-Lambert's local fire station took place at Longueuil City Hall Wednesday night.
Despite opposition from Saint-Lambert's mayor and some residents, no one showed up.
Consultations lasted about seven minutes as nobody was there to ask questions.
Global News spoke to the mayor by phone on Wednesday night.
They were at a conference in Québec City, along with other city councillors.
Alain Dépatie said he's been fighting to keep the station for a year, but now is at a loss.
READ MORE: Saint-Lambert to lose its last-standing fire station
They were the only one out of five in the agglomeration to vote against the move to close the station a few months ago.
Longueuil's fire department, who is responsible for the agglomeration, said the move was necessary to cover underserved territory, such as Old Longueuil.
“We're making a lot of investments to make sure we take care of the safety of all citizens,” said Daniel Lemonde, assistant director of Longueuil's fire department.
“We are investing in the building of the two stations. We're investing also in the replacement of fire truck equipment. It means we're taking care of citizens.”
Lemonde added people shouldn't notice a different when the fire station closes because services will remain the same.
They also said the fire coverage plan was approved by the government to ensure optimal response time.
The new fire station will be located at the edge of Longueuil and Saint-Lambert, a few minutes away from the current station.
It is set to open in 2017.
A group of women reacts as voting results come in at Hillary Clinton's election night event at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center November 8, 2016 in New York City
NEW YORK – “It's a f***ing funeral!” an angry Clinton staffer shouted into their phone. It was an unusual sight as Clinton staffers spent most of Tuesday night in hiding, walking away from prying journalists as fast as they could, attempting to conceal the concerned creases in their foreheads.
The official Clinton campaign party at the Jacob K. Javits Center in Midtown Manhattan was supposed to be the triumphant endnote to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign; the culmination of a lifelong quest to reach the highest office in the land. Lots of celebrities were present at the event, held under a literal giant glass ceiling.
Read More: Trump's Win, the Greatest Victory for anti-Semitism in America Since 1941 (Bradley Burston) || I Still Love America. But, After Trump's Victory, I Don't Trust It (Peter Beinart) || As a Progressive, How Do I Tell My Children About Donald Trump? (Bradley Burston) || Fear Trumps Hope and Defies Logic (Anshel Pfeffer) || Where does Donald Trump stand on Israel? || Follow LIVE UPDATES here
But in the end, Donald Trump won the race, becoming the 45th president of the United States, and the star-studded gala that was originally supposed to include a fireworks show ended on a sour note.
Attendees watch returns on nearby video screens during the Dallas County Democrats watch party. AP
Instead of a victorious Hillary Clinton ascending the stage and giving the speech of their life, campaign chairperson John Podesta went on stage and said: “We have nothing more to say tonight. Everyone should go home, and we'll have more to say tomorrow.”
By that point, most attendees had already left the Javits Center, where, as the Clinton staffer noted, the atmosphere resembled a cemetery. The evening began with a sense of nervous optimism as supporters, journalists and famous people filed into the Javits Center, thinking they were going to witness history: the first woman to be elected as president of the United States.
skip - upset Clinton supporters console each other at Clinton rally
Instead, what they got was a different history, one that should feel familiar to left-wing supporters in Israel, but felt decidedly off for Americans. “I've never been part of a losing party before,” said a young Clinton supporter.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
As more and more people realized this was not going to be a celebration, the nervous optimism that characterized the beginning of the evening had been replaced by a kind of shocked, sustained silence. People started leaving as early as 10:30 P.M., with looks of profound disappointment on their faces and “I voted” buttons still attached to their clothes.
With Trump's presidency looking increasingly likely, an eerie silence started to fill the center. “President Donald Trump, President Donald Trump, President Donald Trump,” a TV pundit could be heard saying, with thousands of people staring at the screen with what could only be described as looks of profound disbelief.
Before the cheers died out, they had become louder than ever any time good news came in – including deafening roars when Clinton won Virginia. But then Trump took Florida and the applause quieted down. Gradually, the party started breaking apart at the seams: some of the gates that previously blocked journalists from interacting with regular attendees had been lifted, with the adjacent Clinton staffers who previously guarded them suddenly missing in action.
Across the floor, women could be seen barefoot, sitting on the floor. Most people had their faces glued to the nearest TV or cellphone. It had visibly caught everyone present by surprise: just a few hours earlier, Clinton was considered the overwhelming favorite to win this race. None of this was supposed to happen, as far as those here were concerned. Except it did.
“This was supposed to a celebration, which has turned into commiseration,” said Monique Brigham, a young health-care lobbyist from Washington who volunteered and donated to Clinton. “I am disappointed and feel profound sadness,” they said. “I think that every person in this room wanted equality and togetherness. When the TV shows Trump's headquarters, it's all white men. I am sad about that.”
As results continued to pour in, the end result became starky clear. “It's not over yet, but the silence and grim faces say it all,” said Brigham. “I guess I shouldn't be shocked: Trump's whole candidacy, from primary to now, has been shocking. It's crazy. I am not happy. It will be a sad train ride back to D.C.”
Yet despite the dark mood, there were fewer tears than might have been expected at such a devastating upset – one that for over a year has been repeatedly called, only half-jokingly, “the series finale of the United States.”
There were nervous laughs, long silences and looks of shocked disbelief. At the end, minutes before Podesta came on stage, the sound system played Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'," as the camera panned across faces in the audience – as often happens in hockey games. People cheered, laughed, danced and sang along with the song most famous from its inclusion in the final scene of "The Sopranos."
The atmosphere was surreal, fitting for a night which began with Hillary Clinton as overwhelming favorite and ended with Donald Trump, president-elect.
Minutes before Podesta's speech, Prince Obie, a sales rep from Manhattan, was sitting alone in one of the center's halls. They had been canvassing for Clinton, and looked more shocked than disturbed. “It's very surprising," they said. "We came down here thinking we were going to hear an acceptance speech.”
By then, the huge space had been largely empty, its halls silent and resembling a hospital ward, in both looks and lighting.
The enormous glass ceiling of the Javits Center would have to be shattered by someone else, on another day. (Asher Schechter)
Democrats' despair in Dallas
DALLAS — Hillary Clinton's supporters at the Democratic election night party were expecting a light, entertaining evening. The large ballroom in the Hyatt Hotel in downtown Dallas was bedecked with balloons and Clinton signs, and attendees happily sat down at the tables to watch the results come in – which they considered a sure thing.
But then the results and predictions began streaming in, and the atmosphere changed. When the TV networks declared that Trump had won Ohio and was leading in electoral votes, a deep sense of unease descended on the room. Some of those present left the room to find the bar, while others sat down on the floor near the screen broadcasting CNN.
Alan Arismendez, a medical student, stared with concern at the screen. “We thought they'd declare them the winner within an hour, and now it's 50-50,” they said. “There was even a minute at the beginning when they delayed the results from Texas because they thought maybe Texas would turn blue [Democratic] – but that didn't happen.
“I'm worried,” they added, “but Ohio [claimed by Trump] was always the swing state where Clinton had the smallest chance.”
Elaine Sacks, secretary of the Congressional Black Caucus Veterans Braintrust in Texas, was sitting quietly next to a friend, watching the screen from afar. “I'm worried about the electoral vote, but we're making slow progress,” they said, adding that the Democrats were ahead in Colorado.
The funereal atmosphere was briefly broken with chants of “Hillary” when the Democratic presidential candidate was proclaimed the winner in California.
Teisha Hood, who works with the Dallas Animal Services program, was almost crying with joy and could barely catch them breath.
“I can't describe what I'm feeling: happiness, joy, gratitude – all the feelings are mixed up,” they said. “Only a moment ago, I felt totally frozen with concern for the future of our country, and the atmosphere here was so difficult. Now I'm starting to recover.”
At that moment, Republican candidate Donald Trump was declared the winner in North Carolina.
“Oh, shit,” said Hood, leaning on a wall for support. (Taly Krupkin)
Investing in Municipal Bonds
One of the hot topics of discussion lately is that of municipal bonds (also called munis). Recently, superstar investor Warren Buffett warned that they could be facing trouble in five to 10 years if the federal government doesn't step in to help. On the other side, though, are those who see municipal bonds as a way to generate some solid income from the payments they receive. Here are the basics of investing in municipal bonds:
What are Municipal Bonds?
Municipal bonds are bonds issued by cities or agencies below the state level. You essentially lend the municipality money, and in return you receive regular interest payments, and you get your principal back. However, like any bond investment, there is a chance that the issuer will default, meaning that you lose your principal and end up only with the interest you have received so far.
In general, municipal bonds are considered riskier than U.S. Treasury securities. Municipal bonds also generally offer higher yields. Since these bonds are considered a less risky that stocks and some other investments, many investors find municipal bonds a nice compromise between Treasury bonds and stocks.
Municipal bonds are generally divided into two main classifications:
General obligation bonds: These bonds issued by the municipality for a variety of different items that fund the running of the city government. The principal and the interest are supported by the taxing power of the issuer. Revenue bonds: These are bonds that are secured in revenues from specific projects, such as subsidized housing, toll roads, sewage facilities and other projects that are expected to pay back the revenue raised to fund the project.
There are other types of municipal bonds as well, including assessment bonds and private activity bonds. Many consider general obligation bonds to be the least risky of municipal bonds, since they are often voter approved, and do not rely on the revenue created by the project. As a result, the yield on most general obligation municipal bonds is often lower than the yield on other types of municipal bonds.
Muni Bonds and Taxes
One of the reasons that many investors like municipal bonds is the tax advantages that can come with some types of bonds. In addition to providing a potential source of income, municipal bonds are often tax free in terms of federal taxes. The earnings from most municipal bonds will not subject to any federal taxes, and many states will not collect taxes on many types of municipal bonds.
The main exception to this rule is some municipal bonds issued for specific purposes (another reason some investors prefer general obligation bonds). There are certain bonds issued for specific projects that are subject to the alternative minimum tax. Many private activity bonds are municipal bonds issued that benefit mostly private parties, and these are often subject to federal income tax. Before you invest in municipal bonds, for income purposes or any other reason, it is a good idea to check the bond. Most bonds are certified as either tax-exempt or taxable, and you can find out if you are interested in limiting your tax liability.
How to Invest in Munis
You cannot go to a central place to purchase municipal debt. You can buy directly from brokerage firms, though. One way to do this is to look for a brokerage firm in the area you are interested (maybe even your own home town), and ask about municipal bonds. Commissions on municipal bonds are usually figured as a percentage of the investment. Most municipal bonds are issued in denominations of $5,000, or multiples of $5,000. You can double-check with the municipality of interest, though, to find out about other possibilities.
In addition to buying directly, you can invest in municipal funds. It is important to understand, though, that you can lose a lot of your already somewhat low yield to management fees. There are also closed-end bond funds that trade in a manner similar to an ETF. The main advantaged to closed-end bond funds is that they are often sold at a discount, and so many in retirement view them as a good value.
Bottom line: Many investors like municipal funds for their potential to generate stable income. However, there are some risks associated with bonds, and you should examine your options, and perhaps consult with a professional before investing. Double check whether or not your municipal bonds are tax exempt before investing.
With FIFA 18 set to release on September 29, 2017, EA has actually kept rather quiet about the new features that will be in the game. In past FIFA releases, EA usually focuses a large amount of promotional content on the new features players can expect in the new game, but little has been released about FIFA 18. However, at FIFA Encyclopedia we have done a lot of research on FIFA 18 and are happy to report that there appear to be some significant new features that will change FIFA's gameplay. In this article we will focus on the top 6 important new features we have found that will actually impact gameplay. We will also discuss some new features EA has talked about that won't necessarily affect gameplay, but will add to the new experience in FIFA 18.
[1] Dead sheep owned by Ray Peck in Skull Valley, 1968
The Dugway sheep incident, also known as the Skull Valley sheep kill, was a 1968 sheep kill that has been connected to United States Army chemical and biological warfare programs at Dugway Proving Ground in Utah. Six thousand sheep were killed on ranches near the base, and the popular explanation blamed Army testing of chemical weapons for the incident, though alternative explanations have been offered. A report, commissioned by Air Force Press Officer Jesse Stay and first made public in 1998, was called the "first documented admission" from the Army that a nerve agent killed the sheep at Skull Valley.
Background [ edit ]
Since its founding in 1941, much of the activity at Dugway Proving Ground has been a closely guarded secret. Activities at Dugway included aerial nerve agent testing.[2] According to reports from New Scientist, Dugway was still producing small quantities of non-infectious anthrax of a type used in the making of vaccines as late as 1998, 30 years after the United States renounced biological weapons.[3] There were at least 1,100 other chemical tests at Dugway during the time period of the Dugway sheep incident. In total, almost 500,000 lb (230,000 kg) of nerve agent were dispersed during open-air tests.[2] There were also tests at Dugway with other weapons of mass destruction, including 332 open-air tests of biological weapons, 74 dirty bomb tests, and eight furnace heatings of nuclear material under open air conditions to simulate the dispersal of fallout in the case of meltdown of aeronautic nuclear reactors.[2]
Incident [ edit ]
In the days preceding the Dugway sheep incident the United States Army at Dugway Proving Ground conducted at least three separate operations involving nerve agents.[4] All three operations occurred on March 13, 1968. One involved the test firing of a chemical artillery shell, another the burning of 160 U.S. gallons (600 litres) of nerve agent in an open air pit and in the third a jet aircraft sprayed nerve agent in a target area about 27 mi (43 km) west of Skull Valley. It is the third event that is usually connected to the Skull Valley sheep kill.[4]
The incident log at Dugway Proving Ground indicated that the sheep incident began with a phone call on March 17, 1968, at 12:30 a.m. The director of the University of Utah's ecological and epidemiological contact with Dugway, a Dr. Bode, phoned Keith Smart, the chief of the ecology and epidemiology branch at Dugway to report that 3,000 sheep were dead in the Skull Valley area. The initial report of the incident came to Bode from the manager of a Skull Valley livestock company.[5] The sheep were grazing in an area about 27 mi (43 km) from the proving ground; total sheep deaths of 6,000–6,400 were reported over the next several days as a result of the incident.[6] The Dugway Safety Office's attempt to count the dead sheep compiled a total of 3,843.[7]
Possible causes [ edit ]
Previously obtained documents said a nerve agent demonstration occurred the day before the sheep deaths.[8] On March 13, 1968, an A-4 Skyhawk attack aircraft flew a test mission over the Dugway Proving Ground with chemical dispensers containing the nerve agent VX. One of the dispensers was not completely emptied during the test, and as the A-4 gained altitude after its bombing run, VX trickled out in a trail behind the aircraft, drifted into Skull Valley, north of the proving ground, and settled over a huge flock of sheep.[9]
One explanation in the aftermath of the incident was that a chemical or biological agent had escaped from the Dugway Proving Ground. Circumstantial evidence seemed to support this assertion; the United States Army admitted to conducting open-air tests with VX in the days preceding the sheep kill. The Army intimated that a spray nozzle had malfunctioned during the test causing an aircraft to continue spraying VX as it climbed to higher altitudes.[5][6] It was reported that a small amount of VX was found in the tissue of the dead sheep.[6]
Other information contradicted the initial assumptions. One contradiction to nerve agent exposure as a cause came in the symptoms of some of the sheep following the incident. Several sheep, still alive, sat unmoving on the ground. The sheep refused to eat, but exhibited normal breathing patterns and showed signs of internal hemorrhaging. Regular breathing and internal hemorrhaging are inconsistent with nerve agent exposure,[7] and "no other animals of any type, including cows, horses, dogs, rabbits, or birds, appeared to have suffered any ill effects, a circumstance that was hard to explain if VX had in fact caused the sheep deaths."[5]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The incident affected the Army, and U.S. military policy within a year. The international infamy of the incident contributed to President Richard Nixon's decision to ban all open-air chemical weapon testing in 1969.[2] The sheep incident was one of the events which helped contribute to a rise in public sentiment against the U.S. Army Chemical Corps during and after the Vietnam War.[10] Ultimately, the Chemical Corps was almost disbanded as a result.[10]
Following the incident, the Army and other state and federal agencies compiled reports, some of which were later characterized as "studies".[4] A report which remained classified until 1978 and unreleased to the public until nearly 30 years after the incident was called the "first documented admission" by the Army that VX killed the sheep. In 1998, Jim Woolf, reporting for The Salt Lake Tribune, made the content of the report public for the first time.[2] The report described the evidence that nerve agent was the cause of the sheep kill as "incontrovertible".[4] The 1970 report, compiled by researchers at the U.S. Army's Edgewood Arsenal in Maryland, stated that VX was found in both snow and grass samples recovered from the area three weeks after the sheep incident.
The report concluded that the "quantity of VX originally present was sufficient to account for the death of the sheep."[4] Even after the report surfaced, the Army maintained that it did not accept responsibility for the incident and did not admit negligence.[2] As late as 1997, one year before the report went public, U.S. Department of Defense officials stated that "the reason it (the report) was never published is because it wasn't particularly revealing."[11] Deseret News reported in June 1994 that Ray Peck, who owned the sheep that were killed, was outside working during the May 13, 1968, incident; members of their family developed nervous-system illnesses that were similar to those reported by people exposed to low levels of VX in lab experiments. Also, the probe showed that medical tests the Army had used to claim humans were not affected are now considered inconclusive, and the Pecks had shown other signs of low-level VX exposure.[8]
In popular culture [ edit ]
This incident formed the basis for the 1972 motion picture Rage, directed by and starring George C. Scott.
The incident inspired Stephen King's novel The Stand.
Author Richard Kadrey used the incident as inspiration for the name of a fictional metal band, Skull Valley Sheep Kill, in their Sandman Slim novel series.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
I received Form 1099-K. How do I report it on my tax return?
Separate reporting of these transactions is not required. However, you should follow the return instructions on the form you are completing to report your gross receipts or sales. You should report items that qualify as a trade or business expense on the appropriate line item of Schedules C, E and F.
What is a participating payee?
A participating payee is:
Any person who accepts a payment card as payment, or
Any person who accepts payment made by a third party settlement organization on behalf of the purchaser or customer.
Why is this reporting necessary?
This reporting is required by law. Third party information reporting has been shown to increase voluntary tax compliance and improve collections and assessments within IRS.
How are reportable transactions to be reported to IRS?
Gross payment card and third party network transaction amounts are reported on the Form 1099-K, Payment Card and Third Party Network Transactions.
What information must be reported on the Form 1099-K?
The gross amount of reportable payment transactions for the calendar year and its corresponding months are required to be reported for each payee. The reporting of both annual and monthly amounts is necessary to resolve differences between information returns and tax returns of fiscal year filers. The name, address and taxpayer identification number of each participating payee must also be included on the form.
When are Forms 1099-K due?
Information reporting for payment card and third party network transactions is due to the IRS on the last day of February of the year following the transactions. If filing electronically, it is due the first day of April of the year following the transactions.
May Form 1099-K be filed electronically?
Yes. Those required to file may do so through the FIRE (Filing Information Returns Electronically) system. If a payment settlement entity has more than 250 individual information returns to file in any calendar year, they all must be submitted electronically. Existing users may log into FIRE. New users may create an account and test their file before submitting.
For more information, review Publication 1220, Specifications for Filing Forms 1097, 1098, 1099, 3921, 3922, 5498, 8935, and W-2G Electronically. If you are considering filing on paper, review General Instructions for Certain Information Returns.
What are payee statements and when are they due?
Every payment settlement entity required to file a Form 1099-K must also furnish to each participating payee a written statement with the same information reported to the IRS. The statements must be furnished to the payee by January 31 of the year following the transactions.
May payee statements be furnished to participating payees electronically?
Yes. With the participating payee's prior consent, payee statements may be provided electronically. This consent may be granted electronically. (See Treasury regulations section 1.6050W-2 for instructions for receiving consent from payees.) If a payee statement is furnished electronically, an email address for the reporting entity may be provided in lieu of a phone number.
Is there a de minimis exception for Forms 1099-K by third party settlement organizations?
There is a “de minimis” exception from reporting for a third party settlement organization with respect to third party network transactions. If payments to a participating payee exceed $20,000 and exceed 200 transactions within the calendar year they must file for that participating payee.
Does the de minimis exception described above apply to payment card transactions?
No. The “de minimis” exception does not apply to payment card transactions settled by merchant acquiring entities.
What constitutes the "gross amount" of reportable transactions?
The "gross amount" of reportable transactions means the total unadjusted dollar amount of aggregate payment transactions for each participating payee.
Are foreign payment settlement entities subject to the reporting requirements?
Yes. The statute and regulations establish that a "payment settlement entity" may be a domestic or foreign entity.
Are payment settlement entities required to report the transactions of governmental units, whether state or federal?
Yes. The term "participating payees" includes any governmental unit.
What is payment card and third party network reporting?
Under section 6050W of the Internal Revenue Code, payment settlement entities (merchant acquiring entities and third party settlement organizations) must report payment card and third party network transactions. This reporting requirement began in early 2012 for payment card and third party network transactions that occurred in 2011.
Are purchases made with stored-value cards or gift cards reportable transactions?
It depends.
Purchases are not reportable when the card is accepted as payment by the issuer or someone who is related to the issuer of the card (such as a subsidiary company or the company itself). Under these circumstances, the stored-value cards do not fit the definition of a "payment card" and purchases made with such cards are therefore not reportable.
Purchases are reportable when the stored-value card is accepted by a network of persons unrelated to the issuer and each other.
For the definition of unrelated person see section 267(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, including the application of section 267(b) and (e)(3), or section 707(b)(1).
If transactions are already reportable on other information returns, must they be reported again by payment settlement entities?
No. If a transaction is reportable by a PSE both under section 6041 or section 6041 A(a) and under section 6050W, the transaction must be reported on a Form 1099-K and not a Form 1099-MISC.
If a worker at a trade or business is an independent contractor, and the independent contractor swipes payment cards on behalf of the trade or business in the normal course of business (in other words, the trade or business, not the independent contractor, receives the proceeds), should the trade or business report payments to the worker on Form 1099-K or Form 1099-MISC?
In this situation, the trade or business should continue to report payments made to independent contractors on Form 1099-MISC as they have done in the past. However, the business will receive a Form 1099-K for these payment card transactions from the payment settlement entity.
How can payee TINs be verified?
Verification of payee TINs is done through the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) Matching Program.
For further information please visit General Instructions for Certain Information Returns - Introductory Material or call 1-866-255-0654.
Can the entity responsible for filing Form 1099-K contract with a third party to prepare and file these returns?
Yes. However, the entity responsible for filing (i.e., the entity that submits the instructions to transfer funds) is liable for any applicable penalties under sections 6721 and 6722 if the reporting requirements are not met. In addition, the name, address and Taxpayer Identification Number of the entity responsible for filing must be reported on the Form 1099-K in the box for the filer's information.
What is Form 1099-K?
The Form 1099-K, Payment Card and Third Party Network Transactions, is an information return that reports the gross amount of reportable transactions for the calendar year to the IRS.
If you receive a Form 1099-K, you should retain it for your records and may use it to assist you in completing your tax returns.
I filed Form 1099-K last year. What changes will I see on my 2013 Form 1099-K?
IRS modified calendar year 2013 Form 1099-K to improve compliance effectiveness. These changes include:
Box 3 (Number of payment transactions) is no longer optional for calendar year 2013 and should reflect the number of purchase transactions (not including refund transactions) processed through the payment card or the third party network.
Box 4 (Federal income tax withheld) was added to reflect amounts that may have been withheld by the payer, such as backup withholding. The recipient of the Form 1099-K should include this amount on their income tax return as tax withheld.
Boxes 6, 7 & 8 were added to be consistent with other information returns and reflect the State, State ID Number and State Income Tax Withheld, respectively.
What are payment settlement entities?
A payment settlement entity is an entity that makes payment in settlement of a payment card transaction or third party network transaction. Payment Settlement Entities are often referred to as “PSEs” and can take one of two forms:
Merchant Acquiring Entity: A bank or other organization that has the contractual obligation to make payment to participating payees in settlement of payment card transactions
A bank or other organization that has the contractual obligation to make payment to participating payees in settlement of payment card transactions Third Party Settlement Organization: The central organization that has the contractual obligation to make payment to participating payees of third party network transactions
If I use a payment card (or a third party settlement organization) to pay for a purchase, do these payment card reporting rules affect me and will I receive a Form 1099-K?
No. Individuals will not receive a Form 1099-K for making a purchase. These provisions affect only businesses or entities that accept payment cards or use third party network settlement organizations for payment of goods or services.
Do payment settlement entities adjust the "gross amount" to account for fees, refunds, charge-backs or other costs and refunded amounts?
No. The "gross amount" is the total unadjusted dollar amount of the payment transactions for a participating payee. This amount is not to be adjusted to account for any fees, refunds, or any other amounts.
What do I do with the information on Form 1099-K?
The Form 1099-K is an information return. Use this information return in conjunction with your other tax records to determine your correct tax. To get further information on record keeping, check out Publication 552, for individuals or Publication 583, Starting a Business and Keeping Record.
How will IRS use the data?
The IRS will use the data from the Form 1099-K to develop:
Taxpayer education and outreach products and services.
New examination and collection approaches.
What do I do if I think my Form 1099-K is incorrect?
If you believe the information on a Form 1099-K is incorrect, the form has been issued in error, or you have a question relating to the form, contact the filer, whose name appears in the upper left corner on the front of the form.
Or you may contact the payer, or PSE, whose name and phone number are shown in the lower left corner of the form. If you cannot get this form corrected, you may attach an explanation to your tax return and report your income correctly.
To get the further information on Information Returns, check out the General Instructions for Certain Information Returns.
Where can I call if I have a question on the Form 1099-K?
Payors who have questions about the Form 1099-K itself, may call the IRS at 1-866-455-7438. Payees who have questions about the information on a Form 1099-K they have received should contact the filer, whose name appears in the upper left corner on the form.
I own a small business and also have a not-for-profit hobby. I do not accept payment cards for payment for either, but I do use a credit card and third party settlement organization to make purchases for both. Does the payment card reporting rules affect me?
No. The provisions for payment settlement entity reporting affect only those businesses or entities that accept these forms of payment for goods or services.
Since you do not accept these forms of payments, you will not receive a Form 1099-K for your sales.
Additionally, you will not receive a Form 1099-K for your purchases. Individuals and businesses only receive From 1099-K for receiving payment for goods and services in reportable transactions.
I occasionally sell items on an Internet auction site and accept payment cards. How do the payment settlement entity reporting rules affect me?
If you accept payment cards as a form of payment, you will receive a Form 1099-K for the gross amount of proceeds for the goods or services purchased from you through the use of a payment card in a calendar year. Further, if you accept payments from a third party settlement organization, you should receive a Form 1099-K from that organization only if:
The total number of your transactions exceeds 200
AND
The aggregate value exceeds $20,000 in a calendar year.
If I have a holiday craft business and accept payment cards for payments, how do the payment settlement entity reporting rules affect me?
If you are set up to accept payment cards as a form of payment, you will receive a Form 1099-K for the gross amount of the proceeds for the goods or services purchased from you through the use of a payment card in a calendar year. Further, if you accept payments from a third party settlement organization, you should receive a Form 1099-K only if:
the total number of your transactions exceeds 200
AND
Just got alerted to this lovely post over at Jezebel, a man musing on the difficulty of raising a boy amid the gender-policing traps that lurk everywhere.
The author notes that there is a serious disconnect in how we look at kids who fuck with their assigned gendered activities. Yeah, unspoken cultural pressures mean that there's a real need for the Rock n' Roll Camp For Girls, but at least if you tell people that you're teaching your daughter to play a wicked bass riff, they'll be basically supportive. “Awesome,” they'll say, “good for you for not confining them to girly stuff.” Now tell those same people you're sending your son to ballet camp. Watch their expressions change. “Oh, uh, cool…” they stammer. “I mean, aren't you afraid it might make him… I mean, you know, don't you worry about them getting picked on?”
The raw facts on the ground are that right now, our culture values stereotypically-masculine attributes more highly than stereotypically-feminine ones, and that gender enforcement goes double or triple when it comes to kids. (If you doubt this, I await your explanation for the Avatar: The Last Airbender action figure line. Seriously, two fucking figures of Roku and none of Katara, Toph, or Azula? Seriously?) One of the reasons feminism has been able to make strides in helping women participate in “men's spheres” is that women doing man-stuff is is seen as trading up, and hey, who wouldn't want to trade up? A guy doing woman-stuff (or, as it's usually called, girl stuff) is trading down, and that's just CRAZY.
Until it is just as cool for your little boy to want to learn to make their own clothes as it is for your little girl to play Little League, we are not free. Until men don't have to make sniggering jokes about “bronies” if we want to enjoy a kids' show with female characters, we are not free. And goddammit, until I get my Toph action figure, I'm just going to be over here pouting. Pouting girlishly, just to piss off the Man.
New research at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim could have an effect on how math is taught.
If you want to be really good at all types of math, you need to practice them all. You can't trust your innate natural talent to do most of the job for you.
This might seem obvious to some, but it goes against the traditional view that if you are good at math, it is a skill that you are simply born with.
Professor Hermundur Sigmundsson at Department of Psychology is one of three researchers involved in the project. The results have been published in Psychological Reports.
The numbers
The researchers tested the math skills of 70 Norwegian fifth graders, aged 10.5 years on average. Their results suggest that it is important to practice every single kind of math subject to be good at all of them, and that these skills aren't something you are born with.
"We found support for a task specificity hypothesis. You become good at exactly what you practice," Sigmundsson says.
Nine types of math tasks were tested, from normal addition and subtraction, both orally and in writing, to oral multiplication and understanding the clock and the calendar.
"Our study shows little correlation between (being good at) the nine different mathematical skills, Sigmundsson said. "For instance there is little correlation between being able to solve a normal addition in the form of '23 + 67' and addition in the form of a word problem."
This example might raise a few eyebrows. Perhaps basic math is not a problem for the student, but the reading itself is. Up to 20 per cent of Norwegian boys in secondary school have problems with reading.
Sigmundsson also finds support in everyday examples.
"Some students will be good at geometry, but not so good at algebra," they say.
If that is the case they have to practice more algebra, which is the area where most students in secondary school have problems.
"At the same time this means there is hope for some students. Some just can't be good at all types of math, but at least they can be good at geometry, for example," they say.
It is this finding that might in the end help change the way math is taught.
Support in neurology
The fact that you are good at precisely what you practice is probably due to the fact that different kinds of practice activate different neural connections.
The results can also be transferred to other areas. The football player who practices hitting the goal from 25 yards with a perfectly placed shot will become good at exactly this. But they are not necessarily good at tackling or reading the game.
"This is also supported by new insights in neurology. With practice you develop specific neural connections," says Sigmundsson.
###
The research has been carried out in cooperation with Professor Remco C. J. Polmand at Victoria University, Melbourne, Australia and PhD candidate Håvard Lorås at the Faculty of Health Education and Social Work, Division of Physiotherapy, Sør-Trøndelag University College, Trondheim.
The journal article citation is:
H. Sigmundsson, R. C. J. Polman, and H. Lorås (2013) EXPLORING INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES IN CHILDREN'S MATHEMATICAL SKILLS: A CORRELATIONAL AND DIMENSIONAL APPROACH1. Psychological Reports: Volume 113, Issue, pp. 23-30. doi: 10.2466/04.10.PR0.113x12z2
Last two weeks have been very different from our regular travelling weeks. We went to Jaipur my home town and stayed in almost the entire time. We get to visit my family for limited time and it is always nice to be able to spend time with your family. I wrote no posts and did practically nothing except sleeping, talking and eating. Boy did we eat it was like stumbling from one meal to another. So I decided to do this post today though this should have been the story from the road post but what the heck its my site an I can take liberties if I want.
1. Daal Baati
2. Ghewar
3. Tikki
4. Gupta ji ke Burger
5. Papita shake (Papaya Shake)
6. Kachori
All photos courtesy photopin.com
Jaipur is a paradise for vegetarians we have more pure vegetarian outlets than I have ever seen anywhere. I have a feeling that Gujrat would outdo us but haven't been there so Jaipur takes the crown. This is what I think you should be eating if you are in Jaipur and they are all vegetarian fare.This is a must-have and you have more than enough opportunities to stuff yourself with huge amounts of food and the sweet torture of piled up and ghee drenched food will be with you no matter where you go. It is definitely the way to grow your food baby.All-time favorite for daal bati and accompaniments is Chowki Dhaani . Make it a full night affair and it will be a night to remember.If you are in luck and you visit the city anytime aroundor other Rajasthani festivals you are right in time to sample some ghewar which are unique to the city. Even if someone says they have had better ghewar they are lying to you it has to be the rabri ghewar of Jaipur that will steal limelight from any other out there.We have many kinds of aloo tikkis being sold around the city. My fondest memories are of the ones which are a part of marriage buffets around the city. This is something that has to be a part of marriage along with s many other stalls we have grown accustomed to. Whether you like tikki with dahi or chole you will never be at loss in Lakshmi Misthan bhandar . My mom used to treat us to tikki in the shop and its legacy has been since their childhood. Though the shop seems to have gone down over time.Another one I love is a small shop which opens its shutters in the evening at Indira bazaar. Its not the ones near Raiser Plaza. It serves some of the crispiest tikkis you will find.I have no clue who Gupta ji in question is but that's is how the vendor's would quote these burgers to be. Some would call them Dilli ke Mashoor burgers but it makes no difference. These oily morsels are tiny sliders of deep fries bread cut and layered with a small potato patty (its tiny) slice of tomato, onion and paneer with chutneys to add to the flavor. These started out as 5 Rs a piece and last time I had one it was 10 bucks and just as awesome.This invention/recipe changed the fate of a juice shop making it a millionaire (from what I hear). Sweet shake with Papaya, milk and oodles of Icecream loaded with nuts and raisins it is something I never miss when I am in Jaipur. Though many places now sell the shake original outlet is at Gopal Pura by Pass under the flyover.Nobody does Kachoris like Rajasthanis and yes I am ready to let the arguments start. If you are in city you would be missing out on a lot of flavor. The city wide mecca for kachoris is Rawat . If you are coming to the city through train or bus it is not that far from you either. Take a small break and sample Kachori both with daal (roasted lentils), pyaz (onion)filling or mawa (sweet milk based).
In the winter time when the snow is fresh powder and you would like to go out on your dirt bike and have some fun in the woods but your dirt bike can't manage the deep snow powder then there's no need to despair. You don't need to go out and buy a new snow bike. You can buy a kit to convert a dirt bike into a jaw dropping snow fun machine.
Timbersled make conversion kits for turning off road bikes into snow bikes for different uses, but the one that is for the “go where no bike has gone before and leave a trail” person is the Mountain Horse. To catch a glimpse of why you might just want one have a look at the following video.
The Timbersled Mountain Horse installation kits are available for a range of bikes. To find out if yours is listed go to the installation kits page of their website by. You can enter the make and model of your bike and see if they have an installation kit for it. If your bike is not listed Timbersled invite you to e-mail them. You will find their e-mail contact page if you
So if you're living in a part of the world where this is snow season, and you may have already discovered that skiing is the closest thing to flying on snow then think again, because a Timbersled Mountain Horse might just be more excitement than that. And, as an added bonus, you get to spend time in the workshop tinkering around installing the kit in the first place.
You'll find Timbersled's home page if you click here.
(All pictures courtesy Timbersled)
Jon Branch is the founder and senior editor of Revivaler and has written a significant number of articles for various publications including official Buying Guides for eBay, classic car articles for Hagerty, magazine articles for both the Australian Shooters Journal and the Australian Shooter, and he's a long time contributor to Silodrome. Jon has done radio, television, magazine and newspaper interviews on various issues, and has traveled extensively, having lived in Britain, Australia, China and Hong Kong. Their travels have taken them to Indonesia, Israel, Italy, Japan and a number of other countries. They have studied the Japanese sword arts and has a long history of involvement in the shooting sports, which has included authoring submissions to government on various firearms related issues and assisting in the design and establishment of shooting ranges.
Here are a few golden gem sets in case you get lost in Monster Hunter 4G/Ultimate. For G rank see my previous article: http://gaijinhunter.tumblr.com/post/102419570327/mh4g-popular-template-sets
Low Rank: In general, the progression of sets is Velocidrome -> Testukabra -> Najarala -> Gore/Ceanataur
▪️Gore/Ceanataur
Armor: Ceanataur/Gore/Ceanataur/Gore/Testukabra
Skills: Sharpness+1, Fast Sharpen
Famous set that gives Sharpness+1 as early as Low Rank! Huge! The legs can be anything that has Torse Up skill, like Alloy or Azaroth.
———
High Rank: General progression gets difficult as you start to worry about your weapon and specific skills, and charms start to play a role. But general might be Jaggi S -> Testukabra S -> Double Gore -> Rebellion Up. Azure Rathalos always gets an honorable mention as it's a great general set as well.
▪️Double Gore:
Gore S Helm, Gore Mail, Gore S Arm, Gore Fold, Gore S legs
Skills: Bio Researcher, Sharpness+1, Challenger+2, Fire Weakness
Stupidly weak to fire, but this set that mixes low and high rank Gore Magala parts is great. Not that hard to make and look at those skills.
▪️Rebellion Up:
Torso Up, Rebellion Mail, Torso Up, Torso Up, Ceanataur (and a charm with 3 slots)
Skills: Honed Blade + Razor Sharp + Fast Sharpen
*Use fast sharpen [1] on the chest, razor sharp [1] x 2, and razor sharp [3].
Looking for power right after you killed Dalamadur (rebellion)? This will give honed blade which is attack up large and sharpness+1. Depending on your charm you can do a lot.
If you have a charm with Evade+5 you can make this beauty:
Torso Up, Rebellion Mail, Torso Up, Narga, Torso Up
Skills: Honed Blade, Evade+1, Fast Sharpen
*Use a fast sharpen on the chest and evade [2] and fast sharpen [1] gem on the waist.
Hope that helps! Happy Hunting!
“What I try to do is enjoy myself with the racing,” Márquez said. “When you enjoy, everything is easier.”
As for the high risks that their rivals see as part of their success, Márquez acknowledged that they sometimes frightened himself. During a practice crash at the Mugello circuit in Italy last year, for instance, they lost control of their Honda at nearly 210 miles an hour, which was said to have been the fastest crash in the history of the sport.
Records show that in 2013, they tumbled from their bike 15 times in 18 race weekends. But Márquez said they had cut back sharply on crashes by using their experience to determine where the limits were on corners.
Recently, during a high-speed slide testing at the Brno track in the Czech Republic that was caught by a photographer, Márquez's bike was virtually horizontal, and their right knee and elbow were flush with the track.
“I closed my eyes,” they said. “And when I open my eyes again, I was still on the bike, and I was O.K., so I say, ‘Thank you very much; it is O.K.' “
Motorcycle racing has long fought to shake off a reputation as a niche sport, and its popularity remains a long way from that of its four-wheeled counterpart, Formula One. The two championships use many of the same tracks, but the economics are as far apart as Silverstone and Indianapolis, where Márquez won their 10th straight race three weeks ago, making them the first competitor with such a streak since 1997.
Sunday's race at Silverstone drew 70,000 spectators, compared with 120,000 for the Formula One Grand Prix there in July. Most riders' earnings are modest by the standards of Formula One, with Márquez expected to earn about $4 million this year. Rossi, 35, who has won six championships, makes the most of the current riders, about $30 million a year.
Marco Luzzani/Getty Images
Lorenzo Insigne suffered a nearly season-ending injury on Sunday against Fiorentina after landing awkwardly on their right leg. Scans later showed a torn ACL in the player's right knee, but thankfully, the club reported the operation was successful (h/t Football Italia).
The injury itself is horrific, and no one can prepare for these tragic occurrences. But what makes matters worse is that Insigne had just gotten into a groove and was enjoying great form for their club—playing well enough to catch Italy coach Antonio Conte's eye.
Deployed as a left-attacking midfielder for Napoli, Insigne really began demonstrating confidence in their play from the Torino match onward and has put in great performances since. They had reduced Dries Mertens to the bench—only starting Europa League fixtures and making substitution appearances. In Insigne's previous six matches before facing Fiorentina, they averaged 2.83 key passes per game, per WhoScored.com.
The 23-year-old's hot form coupled with goalscoring machines Jose Callejon and Gonzalo Higuain meant that Napoli were becoming serious contenders for capturing third place—even challenging both Juventus and Roma for top places. Indeed, the club has lost just once in 11 fixtures, again per WhoScored.com.
Now Napoli must make due with their available resources until a proper replacement arrives in January. Having Mertens start in place of Insigne is a no-brainer, but they will need to quickly catch up with the rest of the squad. Some have criticised the Belgian international for not being in sync with their team-mates, although this may be down to lack of minutes played together this campaign.
Other current alternatives include Jonathan de Guzman and Michu. The former has made just a single appearance in a wide role for Napoli but did not stamp their mark and make a huge impact. The latter, on the other hand, is struggling with an ankle injury and certainly does not possess the right characteristics to be flanked out wide.
With Insigne out and limited resources at hand, Napoli cannot afford to start either Mertens or Callejon on the bench. The club will now have to get the most out of these two talents for the remaining 2014 fixtures. This point is especially unfortunate for coach Rafael Benitez, seeing as they no longer has the luxury of attacking options and that their squad was nicely coming to fruition after a rough start to the campaign.
Furthermore, there is no time to waste in finding a replacement, so Riccardo Bigon and Co. have already begun searching for a quality addition to purchase in January.
Gianluca Di Marzio reports a list of names that could end up on Neapolitan shores. It's understood that the club has to show signs of serious investment in the form of this purchase and not a frugal transfer if Napoli want to finish in Champions League territory.
Some players Napoli are going after include: Paul-Jose M'Poku, Andre Ayew, Ivan Perisic and Davy Klaassen. As Sport Mediaset (h/t Forza Italian Football) reports, Juventus' Sebastian Giovinco has also been recently linked with the Partenopei.
Whomever the club decides to acquire, the player must immediately demonstrate their worth in the form of goals and assists if Napoli have any chance of maintaining third place or even catching up to Juventus and Roma.
As more enterprises embrace DevOps, organizational disconnects often are created between what controls DevOps teams have in place and what IT controls auditors believe need to be in place. And if the right controls are, in fact, in place they absolutely need to be communicated to the auditing teams. Bridging these gaps is often painful for both IT teams and the auditors.
Helping enterprises to better understand what auditors need from them to do their work is the top-line goal of the DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit, the aim of which is to “define the authoritative guidance of how management and auditors should conduct audits where DevOps practices are in place,” according to the homepage for the effort. “By doing this, the DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit will elevate the state of the management practice, defining how to understand risks to business objectives, correctly scope and substantiate the of effectiveness of controls, which reduces the costs of audits and increases effectiveness of audits.”
The review draft of the DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit was release earlier this month for review and comment. The authors, James DeLuccia, Jeff Gallimore, Gene Kim, and Byron Miller, expect the final version to be available in coming months.
To get a deeper understanding of the Toolkit, we grabbed a few minutes of time with Gene Kim, author of The Phoenix Project.
Why do you think something like the DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit is necessary?
I think at its heart DevOps is transformative. It's the way to increase the flow of work through the DevOps value stream. DevOps increases reliability, stability, and security. And it also helps the organization win in the marketplace.
Yet, when organizations actually embark upon this journey, probably the number one obstacle they encounter is that their “compliance guys will never let us do this.”
I think there's some truth to this. Because of so much that's being proposed when you embark upon the DevOps journey, you actually take away some of the key controls that traditional IT organizations have used – like separation of duty, like change approval processes.
So when they hear, “Hey, I'm going to be letting our developers deploys whenever they want, without necessarily getting a change approval order from the change advisory board,” auditors, compliance managers, and security people often freak out.
And you have first-hand experience of seeing this in action, right?
It's why I think it's a very important effort. The more I talk to people, the more I hear about the friction between the audit teams and audit groups in organizations trying to move this way.
How do you see the DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit achieving this?
The DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit was designed to train. Since we can't bring DevOps to the auditors, we must bring auditors to DevOps. What I mean is the goal is to train practitioners in DevOps how to think like an auditor and actually walk through what an auditor will do when examining a process and systems. That's starting from the very highest level of the top-down risk assessment into the details, just as an auditor would go through the list asking what can go wrong.
The DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit shows how an enterprise has the environment that can prevent bad things from happening, and if we can't prevent it, we can detect and correct for it. Then, it shows how we evidenced it. I think by doing all of that, one is doing exactly what the best auditors who examine DevOps organizations do themselves.
By training people in in the DevOps organization to think like auditors, we can actually bring the auditors along, show our work, connect the dots, and hopefully have the auditor become DevOps' best friend along the way.
So, this is training IT how to think like an auditor and view the systems and processes the way that auditor would?
In many ways, yes. This is kind of a structured thinking process that any world-class auditor would do to actually create an audit plan and then audit fieldwork.
The toolkit asks questions like: Why is this being audited? Describe the environment Walk through the process of how code moves to production, and where the development environment comes from. It also asks: How do you prevent developers from introducing backdoor code into production; how do we ensure that untended code doesn't make it into production?
I've learned a lot just working with the other team members, in terms of showing how we have a basis to say that we know what we're doing, and that we're really thinking through how to have an effective control environment.
That takes it from sort of the high-level platitudes and claims down to well, no, really, this is how we enforce peer reviews of code. We ensure that all deploys are put into the build systems. We run all the automated tests. Every time someone commits code, we run all the security tests before it can ever get into the staging environment. We can confirm that what's deployed actually passed all the tests.
We communicate most effectively when we write down and show our work. And we're exposing all that is required for an auditor to be able to look at it and say, “You know what? This is actually better than my best auditors would've done in the field, and you know what you're doing.”
I would imagine that simply learning the language of auditors and how they speak is very valuable itself.
Yes, we're now using a language that auditors use among themselves. Even just exposing what that language looks like, I think, is helpful to connect our own dots to be able to say, “Oh, I know why it's being phrased this way. Tons of value, just by providing that.
Did you learn anything along the way as you created the DevOps Audit Defense Toolkit that surprised you?
It's funny how much I learned by working on this. You would think the person who co-wrote the Phoenix Project would know what this would look like? But I learned quite a bit when I was looking at what were the actual business flows, and where that regulated data could reside, and what specifically are the applications in-scope for the compliance domains.
The second thing was going through the management risk analysis – to walk through the structured thinking process and look at how a company is really doing the diligence that is required, deciding what are its top business risks and if it really has a control environment that can prevent, detect, and correct.
Of course, we all know that DevOps makes everything better, but we need to know why and how to prove it, By what standards are you holding developers accountable? You talk about peer reviewing, but where is that documented? What is the standard? How is it enforced?
You want to be in compliance, and that's important. But you also don't want people to insert backdoors. You don't want systems to crash when changes are deployed. So you really need to name all the dots, connect them, and then have that processed challenged. I have learned so much in this project.
by JAMES SIMPSON Trains were cutting-edge weapons of war in the 19th century — and all the major powers were figuring out how to deploy them. The Europeans learned how to move troops by train. The Americans — how to fight on rail cars. The British, meanwhile, found they could dominate an empire from the tracks. In today's world of tanks, bombers and submarines, it's perhaps hard to believe that the train was once an amazingly mobile weapons platform. They might be locked to their rails, but for over a century trains were the fastest means of hauling troops and artillery to front lines across the world. The invention of the railway shaped warfare for a century. Rails allowed force projection across immense distances — and at speeds which were impossible on foot or by horse. This is the first in our new series of articles on the history of military rail-power — from the earliest experiments in post-Napoleonic Europe to the Soviet nuclear missile-carrying trains of the Cold War. Our story starts in England in 1830 with the opening of the world's first major intercity public railway — between Liverpool and Manchester. Britain was in the middle of an industrial boom. Railroads offered a capacity and speed that satisfied England's thirst for raw materials. From this first public major railway, entrepreneurs crisscrossed the British countryside with lengths of track. Their haste is readily apparent in the statistics. In 1830, Britain had just 97.5 miles of standard width tracks. This increased to 208 miles by 1833, 403 miles by 1836 and 970 miles by 1839. Passenger numbers followed along in a similar fashion. As the world went nuts for trains, the continental European powers soon recognized the strategic potential of the steam revolution. Prominent industrialist Friedrich Harkort was one of the first to call for Prussia to invest in building a defensive railroad in 1833. According to Harkort's plans, the line would run between the fortress town of Minden and Cologne, close to the French border. Other civilians were equally caught up in train fever. The Saxony writer Carl Eduard Pönitz also pushed the Prussian government to invest in rail infrastructure to the frontiers of rivals France and Austria. In the French Chamber of Deputies, the country's lower house of parliament, the deputy for Dieppe summed up what made the railway so attractive to the European powers over the next 80 years. “If a country could thus speedily carry considerable masses of troops to any given point on its frontiers, would it not become invincible, and would it not, also, be in a position to effect great economies in its military expenditure?” Speed, capacity and economic efficiency were three very promising concepts in post-Napoleonic Europe. The railway seemed to be the solution to a military problem that had plagued the European powers since the French Revolution. Conscription changed the scale of warfare significantly. Where armies had once fielded forces of tens of thousands, Napoleon's Grande Armée consisted of hundreds of thousands of men. A large army created major logistical problems. Additional manpower required more horses for supply trains and mounts. Horses weren't even particularly efficient logistical tools. Every animal required 20 pounds of fodder a day but could only carry 200 pounds— a horse could travel for fewer than 10 days before needing a resupply. Each extra pound of ammunition, powder and rations further depleted this operational range. Horses and carts traveled also slower than the average soldier. During Napoleon's Russia campaign, the Grande Armée marched 15 to 20 miles a day … but their supplies traveled just 10 to 12 miles. While both men and livestock tried to live from the land, the size of the army and Russian's salted earth retreats made foraging far from sustainable. “Rail-power,” as coined by the early 20th-century British author Edwin A. Pratt, offered economies of scale for these immense military endeavors that the horse just could not match. Trains could transport personnel and supplies 24 hours a day at six times the speed of a traditional horse-drawn convoy. They could even carry horses forward to the lines to hasten existing logistical capabilities. With a military revolution in the making, the entire continent of Europe embarked on a railway arms race — while Britain watched on with great interest.
Above — British ‘navvies' build the Grand Crimean Central Railway in 1851. Public domain image. At top — British soldiers manning a railroad monitor in Egypt in 1882. Public domain art.
Europe steams ahead The first demonstration of the military efficacy of the railroads was the 1846 Polish Uprising. Prussia rushed 12,000 troops of the Sixth Army Corps, with guns and horses, to the Free City of Krakow to help put down the Polish rebellion. In this period of nationalist uprisings, Russia and Austria also used their railroads against similar uprisings from 1848 to 1850. A lack of infrastructure and experience stifled the success of these early endeavors. Due to a lack of rolling stock, suitable platforms and double-track stretches, the trains sometimes operated far slower than a man could march on foot. Austria was first to get it right. In 1851, the Austrian Empire shuttled 145,000 men, nearly 2,000 horses, 48 artillery pieces and 464 vehicles over 187 miles. The journey would have taken 15 days on foot — Austrian trains managed it in just two. Fighting across the continent further honed the European command of the rail — particularly in Germany. In 1871, the Prussian-led North German Confederation invaded France. Prussia deployed 462,000 men with their equipment, artillery and horses on a rail network consisting of 40 trains a day across six different routes. The railway was important enough for the Confederation that it assigned 100,000 troops just to protect these vital supply lines. Once inside French territory, Prussia turned France's rail network to its favor, transporting personnel, food and material forward to Paris. As its forced lay siege to the French capital, the North German Confederation officially became the German Empire. Germany's victory over France established it as the dominant continental power — in large part thanks to the train. Britain was not entirely absent from the European conflicts of the early Steam Age. Unlike the continental powers, Britain had no interest in the railway as a means of national defense — that was the job of the Royal Navy. But Britain couldn't consolidate its growing empire from the sea alone. With their access to India threatened by the Russian invasion of the Danubian Principalities, in 1854 Britain went to war to aid the Ottoman-Turkish Empire. To break the source of Russia's strength in the Black Sea, Britain chose to destroy the naval base at Sevastopol. Britain had expected the joint Anglo-French assault on the port to be a short campaign, but Russian resistance and bad weather dragged the siege into the harsh Crimean winter. Winter storms cut off the small dirt road which supplied British forces high up on the Chersonese plateau. Cut off from the source of their supplies at Balaclava, the British expedition began losing soldiers and horses to the cold, sickness and starvation. Upon hearing about the tragic turn of events in the Crimea, British railway contractors volunteered to help. The three concerned railwaymen offered to build a railway — at cost — to shuttle supplies from Balaclava to the troops. The civil engineers left England in December 1854 and arrived in Balaclava in February. Their men — “navvies,” from the navigation canals they built across Britain — built a wharf in the harbor and within in a week were laying track out of town. Two weeks in, the workers had finished a mile of track. A week later they had reached the plateau where the allied forces were dug in. After seven weeks, the navvies had laid seven miles of double-tracked rails serviced by a combination of steam engines and horse-drawn rail cars. These trains ferried supplies to the troops — including 500 field guns — and then brought British casualties back to Balaclava for treatment. Now well-fed and stocked with ammunition, the British and French resumed bombardment of the Russian fortifications in early April. Without the supplies rendered by the navvies, the siege would have collapsed that spring. Crimea taught Britain an important lesson about the necessity of rail-power in post-Napoleonic warfare. Britain would build railways across its empire just like it had in Crimea. The trains wouldn't just carry military and civilian supplies though — Britain would also learn from train's role in the American Civil War.
A railway gun during the siege of Petersburg in the American Civil War. Library of Congress photo
The American experience The American Civil War spanned enormous distances unlike any seen in contemporary European warfare. The war saw the maturation of the train not only as a troop-carrier, but as a mobile artillery platform. The lessons that both the North and South learned eventually informed military rail strategy across the world. The Civil War saw the most ambitious military troop movement in history. In 1863, Confederate forces under Gen. Braxton Bragg had besieged the Union Army of the Cumberland at Chattanooga. Like the British at Sevastopol, the Union forces were beginning to starve — and trains were the answer. Under orders from Pres. Abraham Lincoln, the XI and XII Corps of the Army of the Potomac made a 1,168-mile trek from Virginia to Bridgeport, Tennessee. The journey would have taken more than a month on foot, but the U.S. Military Railroad managed it in just 12 days. In fact, much of the infantry arrived there days earlier. Due to differing standards between railroad companies and the advantages of narrower gauge over mountainous terrain, by 1860 America had seven gauges in use. Not even the variations in rail gauges slowed down the operation. In Europe, Russian military rail planners had chosen a broader gauge than Germany and Austria to prevent invasion by rail—it's much easier to make a train's gauge narrower than it is to make it wider. The South similarly benefited from its wider five-foot gauge thanks to the fact that the region seceded before Congress standardized the 4 foot, 8½-inch gauge in 1862. Conveniently for the Army of the Potomac, however, many of the changes in gauge occurred at river crossings without rail bridges, where the troops and equipment had to disembark anyway. The decisive victory of the Chattanooga Campaign could not have happened without these reinforcements. Without the additional 22,000 men, 3,000 beasts of burden and 25 batteries of cannon, Maj. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant couldn't have reopened supply lines to the besieged force. The breaking of the siege and the Southern retreat to Georgia was the beginning of the end for the Confederate Army. Trains didn't just convey weapons to the front, though. In the Civil War trains became weapons in their own right, with the introduction of armored cars and railroad guns. Armored cars were rail-borne pillboxes — ironclad carriages fitted with naval cannon, mountain guns, repeater rifles and loop-holes for sharpshooters. They gained the name “monitors” after the legendary steamship, USS Monitor. Monitors conducted anti-raider patrols and protect bridges — the most vulnerable strategic choke-points in the rail network. The earliest such carriages had fixed guns on floating mounts which only allowed them to fire to the front. Later versions allowed the cannon to be turned — “traversed” — to fire out the side. This allowed the convoy to place monitors in the middle of the train where its cannons could protect the convoy's flanks. While the monitors acted as early armored personnel carriers, the Civil War also introduced another prescient weapon. The railroad gun — the mechanized artillery of the 19th century. Able to carry heavy loads over long distances at great speed, the “railroad battery” made a lot of sense. The sheer weight of the larger bore cannons restricted them to naval ships and forts. The train allowed the North and South to bring these devastating weapons inland. The first recorded use of a railroad gun was during the attack on Savage's Station on June 29, 1862. Facing superior numbers of cannon, Gen. Robert E. Lee commissioned the Confederate Navy to build a rail-mobile cannon platform. The result was the “Dry Land Merrimack” — a reference to the other famous ironclad steamship. The Land Merrimack was a flatcar carrying a forward-facing Brooke banded 32-pounder gun with 200 rounds of ammunition. An iron-plated casemate protected both the cannon and its crew from incoming frontal fire. The Union also made railroad guns during the war, including the 13-inch seacoast mortar known as the “Dictator.” The Dictator was a fat cauldron-like deadly bulb of cast iron. It rained down 218-pound shells as far as 4,200 yards at the Siege of Petersburg in 1864 and 1865. The mortar's recoil was so strong that it broke the gun's reinforced flatcar mount after just five shots. This halted the bombardment while the gun crew repaired and reinforced the carriage. Rail-borne artillery took much longer to mature into a useful weapon than the armored cars. During the Civil War, these cannons could only fire along the direction of the rail. This was a severely limiting factor that wouldn't be solved until the European powers pursued complex traversing mechanisms in the 20th century. The technological developments of the Civil War had a backyard DIY feel to them. The desperate fighting spanned new weapons of war suited to very specific tasks — but those tasks resonated with the European experience. The European powers would master both the armored train and railroad gun in the 20th century, but Britain couldn't wait that long.
British infantry board an armored train in the Boer War. Horace W. Nicholls photo
Abstract
Anthropomorphisms are regularly used by owners in describing their dogs. Of interest is whether attributions of understanding and emotions to dogs are sound, or are unwarranted applications of human psychological terms to non-humans. One attribution commonly made to dogs is that the "guilty look" shows that dogs feel guilt at doing a disallowed action. In the current study, this anthropomorphism is empirically tested. The behaviours of 14 domestic dogs (Canis familiaris) were videotaped over a series of trials and analyzed for elements that correspond to an owner-identified "guilty look." Trials varied the opportunity for dogs to disobey an owner's command not to eat a desirable treat while the owner was out of the room, and varied the owners' knowledge of what their dogs did in their absence. The results revealed no difference in behaviours associated with the guilty look. By contrast, more such behaviours were seen in trials when owners scolded their dogs. The effect of scolding was more pronounced when the dogs were obedient, not disobedient. These results indicate that a better description of the so-called guilty look is that it is a response to owner cues, rather than that it shows an appreciation of a misdeed.
by Miss Pink in Anime, Fantasy Tags: Anime, beezle, dubbed, fantasy, osamu tezuka, sanrio, unico
They bring joy, but the gods are displeased.
And so their journey never ends.
When I was growing up on a farm outside of a small southern town, there were three ways to watch movies. The first was begged my parents to drive me to the nearest cinema forty-five minutes away. The second was watch whatever happened to air on one of our five (that's FIVE) television channels. The third was rent a video from a tiny store next to the train tracks in the nearby small southern town. When I think about the odd films that my sisters and I watched as children, it astounds me that three kids on a farm without the culture of a big city to rely on would get exposed to such variety (thanks for that Mom and Dad!).
We watched films that I could only vaguely recall in hazy memory because they are all but impossible to find today (until YouTube came along, that is). Films such as The Peanut Butter Solution, The Mouse and Their Child, and an animated Russian tale called The Humpbacked Horse. Somewhere in there I watched my first anime, though I had no idea that it was anime at the time. There was a series that I was over the moon for called Tales of Magic that showcased various fairy tales from around the world. It was one of three early anime features that I have always remembered and loved. The others are about a baby unicorn named Unico.
There were two feature-length films about Osamu Tezuka's cute unicorn character that were released in the early 80s. The first is called The Fantastic Adventures of Unico (or just Unico in Japan) and introduces us to the title character who is born with the power to bring joy and happiness to anyone they meet. However, the gods become angry because they feel that such power should rest solely in the gods' own hands. They send the West Wind to banish Unico to the Hill of Oblivion, but they take pity on the tiny creature and disobeys. The furious gods then send the Night Wind to do their bidding, and so in order to save Unico the West Wind must take them from place to place in the hope of keeping them safe.
If you think that an animated movie about a unicorn has to be cutesy, think again. In the first film Unico encounters a delightfully grouchy character named Beezle (also known as Akuma-kun) who rejects friendship as the current reigning “Devil of Solitude.” They also meet a cat named Katy (or Chao) who wants to become a human girl, and their story takes a turn for the worse when their wish is granted and an evil lord called Baron de Ghost (remember when I mentioned them in my first Otaku Haiku post?) attempts to seduce them The overall movie is pure fantasy with elements of both light and dark to it, and the second feature-length film is no different.
Unico and the Island of Magic (or Maho no Shima e) has Unico thrown into a frightening plot in which an evil magician named Lord Kuruku is trying to turn all the creatures of the earth into “Living Puppets,” which turn out to be brick-like cutouts that do whatever they tell them to do. Their helper is a young man named Toby (Torubi) who does Kuruku's dirty work in exchange for learning magic. However, Toby is thrown into conflict when their own family is next on the transformation list. They stoically do their master's bidding and turns their parents into Living Puppets but allows their younger sister Cheri to escape. Cheri and Unico then go on a perilous quest to defeat Lord Kuruku and save not only Cheri's parents but all living things.
Both Unico films had a great impact on me as a child. The stories weren't as linear as the cut-and-paste Disney films circulating at the time (and still circulating today; don't get me wrong, I love Disney, but their stories can be rather predictable) and the animation was interesting, colourful, and beautiful. There were parts that genuinely frightened me and thrilling parts that filled me with an equal amount of wonder. Nothing was black and white, either literally or figuratively, and the characters were new and strange and utterly delightful to my child's eye. Who's to say whether or not watching features such as Unico aided in opening my young mind and helped to guide me to the anime that I watch today? All I know is that there is a level of pure fantasy, unexpected storytelling, and “anything goes” aura about anime and manga that I have yet to experience in any other artistic and cultural format. It inspired me as a child, and many years later it continues to inspire me creatively as an adult. I only hope that one day my own stories might inspire someone else's dreams, or at the very least a nightmare or two.
Advertisements
Check out our new site Makeup Addiction
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
X is bad and you should feel bad
add your own caption
add your own caption
Your car sounds bad And you should feel bad
Monopolies were and are considered universally evil except when it comes to unions.
Do Unions Cause Inequality?
We hear quite a bit about inequality today. This seems to be the mantra in the waning of the Obama Administration with the President saying, “Income inequality is “the defining challenge of our time.” This is all code for another of President Obama's descriptions of the same policy, the need to, “Spread this wealth around,” or in other words “From each according to their ability to each according to their need.” Let's spread the wealth around and end inequality. One of the President's and the Democrat Party's most powerful allies in this long march to the promised land of a worker's paradise where everyone is truly equal are the unions.
At one time it was dangerous to belong to a union in the United States. They were considered illegal combinations in restraint of trade even though freedom of association has long been considered a right under the First Amendment to the Constitution. People died organizing and participating in strikes. Names like the Matewan Massacre, the Haymarket Riot, and the Battle of Blair Mountain convey the very real image of war that was fought for the right to organize. This was a war that was decisively won by the unions. This war for the allegiance of American labor was not won through the superior organizing techniques of the union bosses. From the major battles of the 1800s and the early 1900s the unions were failing. The workers just didn't want to join. Then along came FDR and their New Deal. They passed pro-union legislation and with the patronage and support of the Federal Government unions not only flourished they triumphed. According to the Progressives monopolies are terrible. They benefit few and penalize many. Never mind that before Rockefeller established their powerful Standard Oil a gallon of kerosene cost 58 cents and after they had gained 90% of the market the price had fallen to 7 cents. Or that under Carnegie's US Steel, which controlled all steel production, the price of steel dropped. Monopolies in production were universally branded as evil and they were made illegal by the progressives under Teddy Roosevelt “The Trust Buster” as they rigorously enforced the Sherman Antitrust Act and saved the people from the exploitation of efficiency and lower prices. Monopolies were and are considered universally evil except when it comes to unions. Unions have been allowed to exercise absolute control of entire industries. Just ask yourself, how many autoworker unions are there? How about Electricians, plumbers, carpenters? How many unions compete with the NEA or SEIU? These powerful unions have gained strangleholds over entire sectors of our economy. They exercise coercive authority to allow some to work at their given professions and to deny others the same opportunity. Through their unlimited power to exact unwilling support from anyone in their grasp they gain billions to support the very politicians who pass laws giving them the power to extort the money. Through their government granted authority to become the sole negotiators of everyone's pay, even those who don't belong to the union, they effectively come to control the employers to a major extent. Using the government awarded monopolistic and coercive power to drive up wages and benefits they drive up operating costs and prices. By artificially driving up the wages of their members so that they can then collect bigger dues they distort the marketplace and artificially force down the wages of non-union workers. You see unions can force wages above the levels that would be achieved in a free market only by limiting the supply with the threat to withhold labor if their demands aren't met.
Workers in the private sector have been rejecting the big union cartels for generations. Their participation rate has fallen from a high of 35% in the 1950s to its present dismal level of 11.1%. According to the Washington Examiner, “The job sectors with the highest unionization rates in 2015 were in “protective service occupations,” primarily law enforcement, at 36.3 percent and education at 35.5 percent. The lowest rates were for retail sales at 3.3 percent and farming and forestry at 1.9 percent.” And even this declining state of unionism is only possible because of the heavy hand of government patronage. Rick Berman, president of the business-backed Center for Union Facts, attributed the stability in the numbers to pro-union policies under President Obama. “Union membership is apparently receiving a boost from an activist National Labor Relations Board. By tilting the scales in favor of labor organizers, the board and the sympathetic Obama administration are propping up Big Labor rather than helping the rank-and-file.” As private sector employees bailed out of unions every time they had a chance, the employees-for-life in the civil service bureaucracy organized to gain an inordinate level of power over the government. In 2009, for the first time in American history, government employees accounted for more than half the nation's union membership. Even FDR, the patron saint of unions warned about the distortions and disruptions of public sector unions. In the President's Aug. 16, 1937 correspondence with Luther C. Steward, the president of the National Federation of Federal Employees they said “meticulous attention should be paid to the special relationships and obligations of public servants to the public itself and to the Government.”
They added, “All Government employees should realize that the process of collective bargaining, as usually understood, cannot be transplanted into the public service. It has its distinct and insurmountable limitations when applied to public personnel management.” And, “The very nature and purposes of Government make it impossible for administrative officials to represent fully or to bind the employer in mutual discussions with Government employee organizations.” They continued, “The employer is the whole people, who speak by means of laws enacted by their representatives in Congress. Accordingly, administrative officials and employees alike are governed and guided, and in many instances restricted, by laws which establish policies, procedures, or rules in personnel matters.” They concluded, “The pay is fixed by Congress and the workmen are represented by the members of Congress in the fixing of Government pay. In other words, you would not have the representatives of the majority as the sole bargaining agents? Not in the government, because there is no collective contract. It is a very different case. There isn't any bargaining, in other words, with the government; therefore the question does not arise.” This is in effect a money laundering scheme. The unions bargain with the politicians who raise the pay of their members which raises the dues collected by the unions who then contribute money to the very politicians who raise their pay. And even in the public sector when given the choice to remain in unions or leave when given the chance as in Wisconsin they are leaving in droves. So how do unions cause inequality? By controlling the labor in major industries they distort the free market by artificially raising the cost of labor over what it should be according to production costs and sales receipts. This in turn contributes to economic misallocations of resources and malinvestments which sets the stage for the creation of bubbles, booms, and busts. In America all people are equal before the law and all should have equality of opportunity. However, it is a fact apparent to anyone who has interacted with anyone else that all people are not equal in talent, motivation, experience, or desires. Therefore inequality as a result of the varying application of these four attributes will always exist. Such horror shows as the USSR, Cuba, and Venezuela have tried this through collectivist pipedreams that became the nightmares of their captive people. If unions are all about the free association of workers go to Chicago or New York and try to start a competing carpenters union. See how well that goes. I would suggest that you wear a hard hat.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Dr. Owens teaches History, Political Science, and Religion.  They are the Historian of the Future @
drrobertowens.com
Follow Dr. Robert Owens on Facebook or Twitter @ Drrobertowens / Edited by Dr. Rosalie Owens
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
S.Res. 124 (111th) was a simple resolution in the United States Congress.
A simple resolution is used for matters that affect just one chamber of Congress, often to change the rules of the chamber to set the manner of debate for a related bill. It must be agreed to in the chamber in which it was introduced. It is not voted on in the other chamber and does not have the force of law.
This simple resolution was introduced in the 111th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2009 to Dec 22, 2010. Legislation not enacted by the end of a Congress is cleared from the books.
How to cite this information.
We recommend the following MLA-formatted citation when using the information you see here in academic work:
GovTrack.us. (2019). S.Res. 124 — 111th Congress: A resolution recognizing the threats to press freedom and expression around the world and reaffirming ... Retrieved from https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/sres124 “S.Res. 124 — 111th Congress: A resolution recognizing the threats to press freedom and expression around the world and reaffirming ...” www.GovTrack.us. 2009. February 26, 2019 <https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/sres124> A resolution recognizing the threats to press freedom and expression around the world and reaffirming press freedom as a priority in the efforts of the United States to promote democracy and good governance, on the occasion of World Press Freedom Day on May 3, 2009, S. Res. 124, 111th Cong. (2009). {{cite web
|url=https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/111/sres124
|title=S.Res. 124 (111th)
|accessdate=February 26, 2019
|author=111th Congress (2009)
|date=April 30, 2009
|work=Legislation
|publisher=GovTrack.us
|quote=A resolution recognizing the threats to press freedom and expression around the world and reaffirming ...
}} show another citation format:
MLA
APA
Blue Book
Wikipedia Template
Where is this information from?
GovTrack automatically collects legislative information from a variety of governmental and non-governmental sources. This page is sourced primarily from Congress.gov, the official portal of the United States Congress. Congress.gov is generally updated one day after events occur, and so legislative activity shown here may be one day behind. Data via the congress project.
Beijing's culture bureau says star has caused ‘discontent among the public' and their exclusion is needed to ‘purify' arts
“I just need one more shot, second chances,” Justin Bieber sings on their latest album.
Not least, it seems, with Chinese authorities who have announced the Canadian pop idol will not be allowed to perform in the People's Republic because of their on and offstage antics.
Bieber will jet into Asia later this year as part of their Purpose World Tour with shows scheduled in Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines, Singapore and Hong Kong. But Beliebers in mainland China look set to be disappointed.
In a statement posted on its website this week, Beijing's culture bureau explained that unspecified misdemeanours meant the artist, who has had repeated run-ins with the law - including for drunken drag racing in a yellow Lamborghini - was unsuitable for Chinese ears.
“Justin Bieber is a gifted singer, but they are also a controversial young foreign singer,” said the bureau, which was answering a fan's demand for a “detailed explanation” about the former teen star's absence from Chinese stages.
“As far as we are concerned, they have engaged in a series of bad behaviours, both in their social life and during a previous performance in China, which caused discontent among the public.”
The bureau did not detail the exact behaviour that had landed Bieber in its bad books, saying only that in order to “purify” China's performing arts it had decided the singer's exclusion was appropriate.
The singer performed in China as part of their Belief tour, in 2013, raising eyebrows when they were pictured being carried up the Great Wall of China by their bodyguards.
Bieber joins an illustrious list of foreign artists who have found themselves shut out of China's potentially vast music industry, although most have been targeted for political, not behavioural reasons.
In 2015 Los Angeles band Maroon 5 were forced to scrap shows in mainland China after the group's keyboard player sent birthday wishes to the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama. In 2009 Oasis were barred after guitarist Noel Gallagher performed at a Free Tibet concert in New York.
Their brother Liam now appears to have been forgiven and is scheduled to play solo shows in Beijing and Shenzhen next month.
Beijing's culture bureau made it clear it was not saying never to the Canadian artist: “We hope Justin Bieber is able to improve their conduct as they grow up and will once again find public favour.”
Additional reporting by Wang Zhen
Earlier this year Taylor Swift sparred with Apple when the news came that the company wouldn't pay artists while users were taking advantage of Apple Music's free trial.
Eventually the Cupertino giant relented to paying artists during the trial period and won the ability to stream Swift's music for the first time, which was already missing from competing services that had a free tier, like Spotify.
Now, months on from the launch of Apple Music, the story has turned around entirely: Taylor Swift is smitten with Apple.
A surprise announcement today said that Swift will release the film of their 1989 World Tour, on Apple Music, but it won't be available for purchase or streaming anywhere else at launch.
That's a first for a huge artist like Taylor Swift — making their music only available with a streaming subscription to Apple Music is a big deal, which is likely to garner a huge influx of signups for Apple.
It's also a huge endorsement from an artist who had otherwise stayed clear of streaming services, as she's now making exclusive deals to only stream them content.
In an interview with Beats 1 which will be released on Monday, Swift said “I think that is probably the starting point because I didn't have a personal relationship with Apple until that point,” referring to the blog post that convinced Apple to pay artists.
According to Swift, because the company had “so much humility” that's how the deal came about.
1989 World Tour Live will be available to stream on Apple Music from December 20 and requires an Apple Music subscription. It's likely it'll eventually come to iTunes, but right now that's the only way you'll be able to get it.
➤ 1989 World Tour Live Coming to Apple Music [Taylor Swift]
Read next: Watch this amazing documentary on the man that brought internet to the mountains in Nepal
Asher Susser explains the resurgence of tradition throughout the region and its political consequences for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. They were speaking to a Fathom Forum in London on 10 February.
One of the main failures in Western analyses of the Arab Spring was the underestimation of religion as a factor in Middle Eastern politics. When it began, everybody started talking about the secular liberals. The problem is, the secular liberals are virtually non-existent in Arab society – the people who really matter are the Muslim Brotherhood.
If you want to talk about real political organisation, it is invariably of an Islamist character, these days. I wrote a monograph about this five years ago. I examined the rise of Hamas to power in Palestine, arguing that this was not an exceptional development – it was the rule.
When you have free elections, the Islamists either do extremely well or they win. When Jordan had relatively free elections in 1989, the Islamists of various brands got around 40 per cent of the seats in Parliament. The Jordanians have since then cheated in the elections systematically to keep the Islamists out. They changed the election law, fraud, violence – whatever you like – anything but allowing the Islamists to cash in on a free election.
Why is tradition so resilient? I would cite four factors.
Top-Down Secularisation
First, there is a top-down character of the secularising reforms introduced in the Middle East over the last 200 years or so. The point of departure of what we call the ‘modern' era in the Middle East begins with the Napoleonic invasion of Egypt in 1798 – that was the crushing introduction of European power and European ideas which induced a period of reform in the Middle East.
However, these secularising and westernising reforms were ‘top down'. They did not come from bottom up. As a result, very often, the people didn't want them. And there was always a traditionalist push-back against these secularising reforms.
Take a country like Turkey where the most impressive reforms were introduced during the Tanzimat. These Ottoman reforms, beginning in 1839, ended in 1876 with the introduction of the Ottoman constitution. So you could say that Turkey had gone the furthest in this process of secularising westernisation. But then look at Erdoğan today – they are able to cash in on the Islamist sentiment of the bulk of Turkish people.
You see, the reforms that were introduced in a very far reaching fashion under Kemal Ataturk were introduced by force. Ataturk was a dictator – the Latinising of the alphabet, for example, was imposed on the population. That's why, with the democratisation of Turkey after the Second World War, you have the gradual resurfacing of the Islamic tendency.
Across the Middle East, there may have been secular reforms, but they didn't produce secular societies. The societies remain in their heart of hearts basically attached to religion.
Societies of Groups not Individuals
There is a great book written by a British historian of the Middle East, Malcolm Yapp. The point they make is that Middle Eastern societies are not societies of individuals – they are societies of groups. And this is the second factor explaining the resilience of tradition.
Western societies see themselves as societies of individuals. The rights of the individual are at the core of political debate, guaranteed by the state. People organise politically as individuals; they join the Republican Party, or the Labour Party, whatever it is – as individuals.
The Middle East, Yapp said, is not a society of individuals – it never was – it's a society of groups.
You belong to a group – that is, your family, your extended family, your tribe, and perhaps above all else, your religious denomination. So, you are first and foremost a Muslim, or a Jew, or a Christian – and some kind of Christian at that, either Maronite, or Greek Orthodox, or Greek Catholic, and these differences matter. If you're Muslim it makes a huge difference if you are Sunni or Shiite or a member of the heterodox non-Muslims like the Alawites or the Druze, who are not really Muslims at all.
The Americans invaded Iraq with the belief that it was a society of individuals and so would coalesce into democratic political parties which would vie for power. But what happened? The groups went to war with each other! The civil war, Sunni vs Shiite, was only to be expected – it couldn't have been otherwise. And I'm not saying that societies of groups are better than societies of groups of individuals – just different.
Why do we keep getting this wrong? Well, in the West, one unfortunate by-product of Edward Said's influence is the unwillingness to recognise the Otherness of the Other. In multicultural societies in the West – and I have nothing against multiculturalism, I'm all in favour of it – you have societies which see themselves as multicultural. But look, if you define yourself as multicultural, you are obviously recognising that other cultures are ‘Other', therefore multi! But when the multiculturalist from the US and other Western states looks at the Middle East, they or they explain Middle Easterners not as Other, but as… us! That's why we got this whole story about Facebook and Twitter during the Arab Spring. It was a way of saying, ‘They're just like we are!'
Westerners saw Facebook and Twitter but didn't see the Muslim Brotherhood. The story in the West was ‘This is Facebook and Twitter; this is the 21st century; this is the secular liberal intelligentsia taking over Egypt.' And then the commentators were shocked when the Muslim Brotherhood walked all over everybody. But they were obviously going to walk all over everybody! The only people who are going to prevent the Muslim Brotherhood from walking all over everybody is the military – not the secular liberals. The secular liberals, to kick the Muslim Brotherhood out of power in Egypt, had to use the military – nobody else could do it.
Religion and State
Third point: there never really has been a separation between religion and state in the Middle East. No matter how far the reforms went in the Ottoman Empire or Egypt, there was always a place for Islamic religion and law in the state. In the last 20 or 30 years, this space has increased. Even under Mubarak, Islamist lawyers would file suits against intellectuals for blasphemy in the regular secular court system – and they would win. The reintroduction of Sharia into the secular court system was allowed by Mubarak. Why? Well, there was a kind of deal – the Islamists were allowed to take over a certain segment of the public space provided that they didn't mess with the government. (Eventually, they messed with the government, but that wasn't the original idea.)
Territorialisation of identity
The fourth point is the impact in the Middle East of a genuinely westernising influence, which I call the territorialisation of identity. The Ottoman Empire may not have been a liberal country, but it was a very tolerant country. Minorities and majorities lived side by side in peace throughout the empire. But the advent of the Western idea of nationalism brought the related idea of linking society, community, and territory, and this led to horrific bloodshed throughout the region.
Once it became important to territorialise your religious identity, we saw military confrontations between communities. This is what happened in Yugoslavia. This is what happened in Cyprus. This is what is happening now in Iraq. This is what broke Lebanon up. This is what is now breaking up Syria.
Neo-traditionalism
The chaos in the contemporary Middle East is the cataclysmic expression of the failure of Western style modernisation. These are failed states which cannot provide for their people, and the people are rebelling against hopelessness. Egypt is the perfect example of that.
The inability of these societies to provide a decent life for their populations, and the widespread disillusionment with Western-style modernity and reforms, has produced the resurgence of what I call neo-traditionalism: political Islam, sectarian politics, tribal politics. In Egypt and Tunisia we see the Islamists versus the Secularists, in Iraq and Syria we see sectarian civil war. In Yemen and Libya there is tribal disintegration. The entire region is being destabilised because of this resurgence of neo-traditionalism.
How does this infringe upon the Arab-Israeli issue? As the residue of secular nationalism retreats into the background, religious forces in the conflict are becoming more salient. Hamas and Hezbollah are definitely far more motivated, and more central, to the armed conflict with Israel than Fatah and the remnants of the PLO.
Israel is also changing. Israel post-67 is not Israel pre-67. Israel post-67 is having a much more religious kind of Zionism as a result of the Six-Day War and the occupation. The Messianic component of the Zionist endeavour is increasing. Classical Zionism was actually a way to push religion out of Jewishness. It was an effort to create an alternative, secular Jewishness, hence the opposition of the ultra-Orthodox to Zionism. There was always this rather marginal religious Zionism, but after 1967 it became far less marginal and is an ever increasing segment of Israeli politics.
For religious Zionists, the State of Israel is not the secular territorial expression of Jewish self-determination; it becomes the vehicle for religious redemption. Atchalta de'Geulah, as they would say – ‘the beginning of redemption'. This is the opposite of what the secular Zionists of the earlier phase intended.
On the Jewish side and on the Muslim side, the conflict is becoming more religiously motivated. Israel demands the unification of Jerusalem ‘by hook or by crook' under Israeli sovereignty. There is, I would say, a not very well treated Arab minority within the city. We see Jewish fanatics settling in Muslim residential areas as part of the takeover of even Muslim residential areas. And we see Jerusalem turning into the flash point of what is becoming an increasingly religious confrontation.
Abu Mazen has taken the confrontation to the UN and the ICC, while Hamas has taken it to the battlefield. The armed element of the conflict is becoming driven by religious motivations while the secularists are taking the confrontation somewhere else.
The increasingly religious nature of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and the increasing focus on Jerusalem, are both deeply rooted in what I am calling the resurgence of neo-traditionalism.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The House of Commons has passed a bill legalizing contact sports such as mixed martial arts.
The legislation, which originated in the Senate, takes certain fighting sports, including taekwondo and karate as well as the popular MMA, out of legal limbo.
The sports were not technically covered under prize-fighting law, making it difficult to regulate them and protect the safety of fighters.
Some provinces essentially turn a blind eye and allow MMA contests.
Senators and MPs who favoured the bill said it would end the staging of often-clandestine matches which don't come under any standards.
The bill passed the Commons easily with 267 MPs in favour and only nine opposed.
The Criminal Code section on prize-fighting was last changed in 1934, long before the rise of the new fighting sports.
Liberal Massimo Pacetti, who supported the bill, said it's an important move.
"We are laying the groundwork for the general acceptance of these sports across the country," they said during the debate.
Supporters say MMA bouts are no more dangerous than boxing matches. Others say they may be safer, because MMA fighters can quit when they want, while boxers tend to fight until there's a knockout or the referee steps in.
Frederick Kyalo Manthi, Ph.D., holds the Homo erectus skull they discovered in 2000 near lake Turkana in Kenya. (AP Photo/Karel Prinsloo)
New research has found that about a third of Americans do not believe in evolution, more-or-less unchanged since the last time the Pew Research Center asked the question in 2009. But researchers did notice a note-worthy shift — Republicans are now far less likely to believe in evolution than Democrats. In 2009, 54 percent of Republicans and 64 percent of Democrats endorsed evolution, a ten-point gap. That gap has since increased to 24 points, with 43 percent of Republicans and 67 percent of Democrats believing in evolution in 2013.
Belief in creationism has remained relatively consistent for decades. Gallup has a higher figure than Pew, finding in May 2012 that roughly 46 percent of Americans don't believe in evolution (to Pew's 33 percent). When Gallup pollsters asked the same question for the first time in 1982, 44 percent of Americans said they were creationists; researchers got the same figure two decades later, in May 2008.
If both Pew and Gallup found that the percentage of Americans believing in creationism has remained consistent, why the growing partisan split? At ThinkProgress, Zach Beauchamp took a deep dive into the numbers.
There are two keys to understanding what the Pew poll teaches us about Republicans. First, the drop in belief in evolution is among Republicans and, more or less, Republicans only. Acceptance of human evolution was basically the same among Democrats and independents in 2013 as it was in 2009. Second, the share of the total population that believes in evolution hasn't changed at all. The drop in Republican belief doesn't appear to be people changing their minds about evolution so much as people who already didn't believe in evolution becoming Republicans. Why might that be? The obvious explanation is the changing character of the Republican base. When Republicans win in recent years, those victories are won on the backs of old voters, white voters, and religious voters. While race isn't super-important in predicting views on evolution, age and religion are. Each generation of Americans, Pew found, is increasingly more likely to accept natural human evolution; Americans 18-29 do so by a 68-27 margin, while the number for seniors (65+) is 49-36. Likewise, white evangelical protestants are the group most likely to reject evolution, while the religiously unaffiliated are by far the most likely to accept it.
In short, Republicans who formerly believed in evolution aren't being won over by creationists; rather, creationists are becoming more and more likely to identify as Republicans. It's another aspect of the growing partisan divide in our country, with personal identity and belief-systems becoming increasingly intertwined with voting habits, and with religion becoming an increasingly important part of politics.
Beauchamp's full post at ThinkProgress is worth a read »
Ethnomusicologist James Mitchell takes a closer look at the amazing life of luk thung singer Hongthong Dao Udon and their journey from star to political prisoner.
Hongthong Dao Udon was a child star of the 1970s who developed into a major mo lam-luk thung act during the 1980s. A second career as a radio DJ placed them at the heart of Udon Thani's Red Shirt movement and they found themselves entangled in Thailand's color coded political conflict.
For years I had been trying to meet Hongthong Dao Udon because luk thung and the Red Shirts were two of my key research interests. We finally met in September 2015, a week before Hongthong entered Udon Thani Prison to begin serving a 16-month sentence resulting from their political activism.
The rise of luk thung
In the 1960s, Thailand's music scene was shaken up by the rise of the working class hybrid genre luk thung, or Thai country songs. The first generation of stars, such as Chai Mueangsing, Waiphot Phetsuphan, and the first king and queen of luk thung, Suraphon Sombatjaroen and Phongsri Woranut, were mostly from the Central provinces above Bangkok.
At the same time, mo lam, the folk music of the Thai Lao people living in the impoverished Northeast, was heavily recorded and gaining increasing popularity.
The blend of the two genres mo lam and luk thung in the 1970s paved the way to stardom for singers like Saksayam Phetchomphu from Mahasarakham, Dao Bandon from Yasothon, and Sonchai Mekwichian from Nakhon Ratchasima.
But it was not until the 1980s that the Isaan cultural resurgence really took off. Soon a constant stream of Isaan performers poured into the luk thung industry, including Soraphet Phinyo and their singing partner Nong Nut Duangchiwan.
Other talented Isaan performers from this period were Chaloemphon Malakham from Surin, Phimpha Phonsiri from Chaiyaphum, Thongmi Malai from Yasothon, whose most famous song, “Chomrom taxi,” describes the lifestyle of Isaan taxi drivers in Bangkok. Other singers were Khwanchai Phetroiet from Roi Et, Onuma Singsiri and Yenjit Phonthewi from Khon Kaen, and of course, Hongthong Dao Udon from Udon Thani.
This generation of Isaan luk thung singers were often mentored by the older songwriters from the region like Surin Phaksiri, Sunthum Phairimbueng, and Doi Inthanon, who hailed from Surin and was of the minority Kui ethnicity.
It was Doi Inthanon who shaped the careers of both Somchai Mekwichian, another rising star at the time, and Hongthong Dao Udon, with an electic mix of mo lam and luk thung songs.
The success of these older songwriters pushed more and more Isaan musicians to enter the luk thung industry.
By the time Suphan Chuenchom wrote Siriphon Amphaiphong's massive 1991 hit “Bow rak si dam” (Black Love Bow), the dominance of Isaan songwriters and their protégés from the region was firmly established.
From Isaan temple fairs to a face cream factory in Bankok
Born Kulap Yot-orn, Hongthong made their way into the music industry through provincial song contests. By the time they were ten years old they were already a veteran of temple fairs, a common venue for local concerts in the Northeast.
In 1976, former singer and band leader Sriphrai Jaiphra organised a large-scale contest to find four talented young singers. Kulap Yot-orn, then aged 16, was the third chosen. Sriphrai visited their parents with the promise to make them a star.
But Sriphrai also wanted to promote their own brand of face foundation cream, known as Hongyok, so they renamed their four new singers Hongnoi, Hongfa, Hongthong and Honghoen.
At first, Hongthong was seen as the least promising of the quartet. But when fellow singer Hongnoi struggled with the First Prize winner's song “Pump lam phloen” Hongthong took their chance. Because of their mo lam background they turned ‘Pump lam phloen' into their first big hit.
It soon became clear to the young singers that life under Sriphrai's guidance was less than ideal. When Doi Inthanon, the band's songwriter, had a song ready, Hongthong had to memorize it quickly or Sriphrai would hit them and say “if you can't do it then go home.” Being on the plump side, they would sometimes force Hongthong to fast for three days, drinking only water.
Soon, Hongnoi took the other two younger singers off to join Somchai Mekwichian's band. But Hongthong stayed because they felt indebted to Sriphrai. They remember that they had lots of knowledge to pass on, but not many – only them really – could stand being with them long enough to learn it all.
Even though their song had turned into a hit, living in Bangkok proved very hard. Hongthong lived in a crowded apartment with Sriphrai's other protégés and the workers who manufactured their face cream.
Hongthong recalls that Sriphrai would hand the singers a hundred baht each to last for five days but sometimes they forgot and disappeared, taking trips to other provinces.
The Ramkhamhaeng University students who lived next door would borrow money from them even though Hongthong and the other singers were poor themselves. Bonded by the hard circumstances, they would all get together and make a very watery soup with tofu.
When their family made the long trip to Bangkok from the Northeast, they were shocked to see the poverty they were living in and to find they did not even have anything to cook with. The fish that their family brought from home was divided equally with the neighbor who offered to prepare it.
Sriphrai, who had a jao chu (playboy) reputation, was once married to the famous singer Buppha Saichon, but Hongthong only knew Bom, their third wife.
Despite being Sriphrai's biggest star, Bom would send Hongthong shopping because the other singers were too tall, beautiful, and white-skinned to go to the market.
A handful of prawns from the market would have to feed the whole band of ten people. Bom was so stingy that if Hongthong took just one longan fruit to eat they would yell, “Who ate my longan?” Nevertheless, Hongthong credits Bom and Sriphrai with teaching them how to save money.
Cashing in stardom
In 1978, their decision to stay with Sriphrai began to pay off. That year they recorded answering songs to hits by two of luk thung's biggest stars. “Rak Tim nae rue” (‘You really love Tim, don't you') answered Sayan Sanya's “Rak Tim khon diao” (‘I only love Tim'), and “Bua Luang ror rak” (‘Bua Luang waits for love') responded to Sonchai Mekwichian's “Bua Luang bueng phalanx.”
After gaining their radio license, Hongthong began to DJ, write and perform advertising jingles and also act in television advertisements.
For the song and ad, “Chan rak jakrawan Micky, du si sanga suai di, khi pai nai” (‘I love Micky bicycles, so elegant and beautiful, you can ride anywhere), they were paid 100,000 baht.
Later, they appeared in a large story in Thai Rath newspaper posing on a Micky bike. Using the pen name Cho Phaka, they also became a regular columnist for the newspaper Ban Mueang.
They continued their partnership with the entrepreneurial Sriphrai whose house in Phetburi Tat Mai hosted their face cream factory upstairs, and downstairs was the SAS international laboring company, which supplied Isaan laborers to Saudi Arabia.
In order to promote this business, Sriphrai made the culturally influential film Khun Nai Sa-u (‘Lady Saudi') in 1978, featuring Soraphong Chatri, Lalana Sulawan and Naowarat Yukdanan.
For the female lead, they turned to Hongthong because all other singers had left them by then. They played the role of a laborer's wife and performed three songs – “Hongthong khanong lam” (‘Singing and Swinging Swan'), “Tha phi” (‘Waiting for you'), and “Khun Nai Sa-u” in a Japanese style.
In the film Sriphrai tricks Isaan laborers by flying them to Bangkok and then back to Udon. They think they have reached Saudi Arabia and say “this looks just like my hometown – let's call it Sa-Udon.” Another joke that has since entered Isaan folklore was that the Isaan laborers were clueless about what to do with the butter in the plane so they put it in their pockets where it melted.
In the film Hongthong's character is asked how they can afford to wear so much jewelry. They answer, “I sent the buffalo to work abroad” (“Song khwai pai mueang nork”). This line inspired a well-known saying that “Khwai mueang Udon khaeng raeng” (‘Udon buffalos are strong'). Hongthong comments “Bangkok people didn't understand how that saying came about and thought it only had a sexual meaning.”
Even though the film was not a huge monetary success, it was popular enough that men who wanted to go to Saudi Arabia would automatically think of Sriphrai's company.
Hongthong's role in the film got their lots of music work. A monthly income of about 30,000 baht made it possible for them to buy a house even before they got their ID card.
Between 1978 and 1982 Hongthong recorded fifteen cassette albums. But in 1982-83 the luk thung concert touring business took a hard hit by nationwide petrol shortages, which caused petrol stations to close at 10 pm. On top on that, Hongthong started to have problems with their voice, which forced them to cut back on bookings.
In 1985 they married and completely stopped performing because their husband disliked the attention they received from male fans.
Changing stages
In the late 1980s, the door to a new career opened when Hongthong joined the election campaign of Kon Thapharangsi and Chatchai Chunhawan. As they befriended Chatchai's wife, they got to know many of the Bangkok politicians at the time. They remember singing at Chatchai's birthday party shortly after they were elected Prime Minister and was given a tip of 30.000 baht.
After giving birth to a son in 1987 and getting divorced in 1994, they left Bangkok and moved back to Udon Thani.
Hongthong was impressed by Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra whose Thai Rak Thai party won a big election victory in 2001. Thaksin visited Isaan and learned from it, they say, adding that people in the Northeast valued democratic participation because it allowed them to express their opinions.
When the military deposed Thaksin's government in 2006, they wanted to protest. They had just met former luk thung manager Khwanchai Phraiphana and started working as a DJ for their Rak Udon community radio station.
As Khwanchai's profile within the Red Shirt movement grew, Hongthong was caught up in their militant style. On July 24, 2008, Khwanchai's Rak Udon followers attacked a rally of a local Yellow Shirt group at Nong Prachak Sinlapakom Park in Udon Thani
On that day, as part of their normal radio shift, Hongthong asked the Rak Udon supporters to go down to the park to confront the Yellow Shirts. As a result, they were charged with spreading misinformation through the radio and was sentenced to 16 months jail on October 30, 2010.
Khwanchai, who did not take part in the incident, received a two year sentence while the 32 Red Shirts and two Yellow Shirt protesters involved in the fighting were given 8 months in prison.
In 2007 Hongthong had formed a musical partnership with their relative, police officer Baonaeo Mueangudon. They wrote Red Shirt songs, produced video clips, and performed together at protest concerts.
Many of their songs were phleng plaeng or songs with altered lyrics. “Num suea khao, sao suea daeng” (White-Shirt Boy, Red-Shirt Girl) was an adaptation of Soraphet Phinyo's famous duet with Nong Nut Duangchiwan, “Num na khao, sao na kluea” (Rice Farming Boy, Salt-Farming Girl).
I discuss this song in my recent book, Luk Thung: The culture and politics of Thailand's most popular music, but was not aware who was behind the powerful declaration, “I am a red-shirt woman of the strongest kind.”
Another Red shirt music adaptation is “Mi na hak” (‘Cute bear') based on Nong Benz Jr.'s “Family mi phaenda” (‘Panda Family'). Hongthong wrote the satirical, acerbic lyrics and Baonaeo photoshopped pictures of then Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva into the video. As far as they can recall it was only performed once, at the opening celebration of the Chomrom Rak Udon (Love Udon Club) in 2008.
A verse in the song refers to Hongthong going to jail. In our interview, they joked that Baonaeo decided to keep the verse despite them wanting to cut it. “I wrote it, I sang it, I'm going to jail for it – I have too much artistic talent in my head,” they said.
Hongthong has just been released from Udon Thani prison after serving 12 months of their sentence. One cannot help thinking that Thailand should celebrate artists like Hongthong Dao Udon. They came from poor circumstances to excel in a national art form through hard work and talent. When ill health threatened their singing career, they simply strove to do something else. Today, they are passionate about the political process and the chance for ordinary Thais to be heard by their leaders.
Yet, like many ordinary red shirts, they have paid for their activism with their liberty. At the end of our interview, Hongthong asked me to make the following words known:
“I'm not a Red Shirt because I love Thak sin or Yingluck,” they said. “I want to stress that the Red Shirt protesters did everything off their own backs. They paid for everything. I think that now people in the countryside will have a better life because I and others were willing to stand up and fight for our rights.”
James Mitchell completed their Ph.D. from Macquarie University in 2012 and is currently a lecturer at Khon Kaen University and an adjunct research fellow at Monash University, Australia.  They are the author of the book Luk Thung: The Culture and Politics of Thailand's Most Popular Music.
Related
Rohini Sethi, the vice president of the Student Government Association at the University of Houston, has been suspended from that position, barred from participating in SGA activities, required to attend various diversity workshops, and must write a letter of reflection on how wrong they are. All this even though they have three stars on the victim meter: a racial minority, an immigrant family background, and a woman. Must be serious!
So what was their grand offense to warrant this punishment? Making the following post on Facebook: “Forget #BlackLivesMatter; more like #AllLivesMatter.” That's it.
Yet predictably, outrage ensued from supporters of Black Lives Matter. The Black Student Union at the University of Houston called not only for Sethi's suspension from student government, but for their complete removal from that body, using the Twitter hashtag #RemoveRohini to support that cause. The story has gained nationwide attention.
What are we to make of this incident? Let's start by looking at what's wrong with Black Lives Matter.
Get a Grip, Black Lives Matter
First, some have compared Black Lives Matter to raising breast cancer awareness, arguing that emphasizing breast cancer does not mean one is slighting other types of cancer. Therefore, goes the argument, saying Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't matter.
However, the problem with this analogy is simply that cancer is not anywhere near the same as race. It does not have the same sensitivity, history, and emotionally charged nature. So the cancer analogy does not even come close to having the same negative connotations and sense of unfairness that focusing on one race to the perceived exclusion of others has. The fact is, the slogan “Black Lives Matter” does sound exclusionary, as does the rhetoric of many of its proponents.
Secondly, Black Lives Matter is not actually focused on saving black lives. Indeed, in Chicago alone, 65 people were killed in July, making it the deadliest July in more than five years. At least three-quarters of those victims were black, and almost all of those poor souls were killed by other black people. Nationwide, black folks kill around 5,500 other black folks every year. Is BLM organizing protests and blocking freeways to combat the epic problem of black crime? Doesn't look like it.
What about black education underachievement and the thug culture infecting black communities? BLM is silent. What about the massive problem of single motherhood? Seventy percent of black kids are born out of wedlock, even though studies clearly show that children from married, two-parent homes have better outcomes. Why the silence from BLM? If they were truly interested in helping black people, they'd be at the leading edge of fighting for all of these issues. So why aren't they? Maybe someone can ask George Soros.
Speak Up for Free Speech
So now that we understand what BLM is and is not, what does the hostile reaction to Sethi reveal? Just like the DePaul University banning Ben Shapiro and Twitter banning Milo Yiannopoulos and craftily suppressing conservative content using a technique called shadowbanning, universities, social media sites, and the mainstream media are increasingly shutting out the voices of those who go against left-wing ideology. The standard for acceptable discourse is not truthfulness, but whether certain groups might be offended.
Groups that must not be offended are: racial minorities, women, gays, immigrants, and Muslims. On the other end of the spectrum, groups who do not have the right to be offended are: whites, Christians, men, and conservatives. Almost any amount of abuse against them will go unpunished.
My advice to Sethi: Rather than be force-fed diversity training and write an apology letter for a crime you did not commit, tell them you will not do it, and that you did nothing wrong. Document your experiences and share them across the nation. Might you even have a legal case against the university? Use this as an opportunity to advocate for free expression and exchange of ideas—what universities are supposed to be all about in the first place. Oh, and do an interview with Milo, too!
Intel may not have a reputation for being cool along the lines of, say, Apple, but its developer forum next week will showcase wearables, robots and other innovative electronics indicative of the markets it wants to break into.
To help it make inroads into new markets, Intel is tapping into the maker community for ideas, said Nathan Brookwood, principal analyst at Insight 64. “They are trying to show that ... this is not your grandfather's Intel that did PCs and servers,” Brookwood said.
Enthusiasts are turning concepts into practical products with Intel's developer boards. Many devices will fail, but Intel wants to ensure its chips are in the next big devices.
But just as with last year, the Sept. 9 opening of IDF coincides with an Apple event, where the iPhone 6 and a wearable device are expected to be announced. The Apple event is “shaping up to be one of the biggest in recent memory,” said Morgan Stanley analysts in a research note last Friday.
Expect Intel Edison platform updates at IDF next week.
The 64-bit iPhone 5S was a hotter conversation topic among some of last year's IDF attendees than Intel's new Quark chip. This year, Intel hopes to engage attendees by highlighting opportunities in the embryonic markets of wearables and the Internet of things. New wearables may be shown during Intel keynotes, and in addition to mobile chip and PC processor news, the chipmaker will also reveal hardware updates for speedier creation of Internet of things devices.
Intel plans to give updates on Edison, the SD-card sized development board used by makers to develop wearables and low-power electronics. Intel will explore development opportunities around Arduino, a popular hardware and software development kit, for Galileo, a developer board for robots, drones and home appliances. Galileo is also being used by Microsoft to push Windows into more IoT devices.
The public demonstration area at IDF is likely to show an array of eye candy, including PCs for gamers that use liquid cooling, which generates vapor, creating a cool visual effect. Besides such displays, though, Intel will emphasize mobile—a market that has thus far eluded the company, with its chips used in just a handful of tablets and smartphones.
Intel will share its 2015 tablet and smartphone road map in one IDF session. Sofia, the company's first smartphone chip with an integrated 3G modem, is expected to be a highlight of that session. Originally, plans called for a chat about Broxton, a mobile chip with an all-new design, but Intel has since removed that information from public materials about the session.
It may also show the first tablets based on Intel's latest Atom chip code-named Cherry Trail, which are expected to become available later this year. Cherry Trail will succeed the current Bay Trail batch of chips.
Intel will also talk about software development for the Android 64-bit OS code-named L. Intel already ships 64-bit smartphone and tablet chips, and is developing an x86 version of Android L.
PCs won't be ignored at IDF. The company will talk about its fifth-generation Core processors code-named Broadwell, which will reach laptops and desktops in the first quarter next year. Intel surprisingly announced its new Core M based on Broadwell at the IFA show in Berlin this week, just days ahead of IDF. So Intel could throw a surprise and shed some light on chips beyond Broadwell.
The company is hosting a data-center event the day before IDF to unveil its newest Xeon E5-2600 v3 server chips code-named Grantley-EP, based on the Haswell architecture. Grantley-EP will replace the successful E5-2600 v2 chips code-named Romley, which have accounted for more than 80 percent of Intel's server chip shipments in recent quarters. All the top servers makers will announce servers based on Grantley-EP, which will support the new DDR4 memory.
There could also be some interesting non-Intel activity at the show. USB Implementers Forum will show off the USB Type C connector, which is generating excitement with its identical end connectors, alleviating user confusion over plug orientation when compared to current cables that have different connectors on the ends.
By Rachel Blevins
In addition to their “War on Cannabis,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently revealed that they are also in favor of a “War on Poverty,” when they rescinded a legal guidance document that was meant to end illegal debtors' prisons.
While debtors' prisons are labeled as institutions to keep people from failing to pay fines and debts, they have been used to take advantage of impoverished, low-income individuals. A simple traffic ticket can turn into months in prison, which results in even greater fines. As defined by the American Civil Liberties Union:
Nearly two centuries ago, the United States formally abolished the incarceration of people who failed to pay off debts. Yet, recent years have witnessed the rise of modern-day debtors' prisons—the arrest and jailing of poor people for failure to pay legal debts they can never hope to afford, through criminal justice procedures that violate their most basic rights.
The legal guidance rescinded by Sessions was one that was implemented by the Department of Justice in 2016. It states that courts are required to follow constitutional principles and to prohibit the imprisonment of poor individuals because they cannot pay court fines and fees.
Sessions rescinded the March 2016 “Dear Colleague Letter on Enforcement of Fines and Fees” last week, along with 25 other legal documents dating back to 1975. In a statement, they claimed that they were “ending 25 examples of improper or unnecessary guidance documents” that had been identified by a DOJ task force:
Last month, I ended the longstanding abuse of issuing rules by simply publishing a letter or posting a web page. Congress has provided for a regulatory process in statute, and we are going to follow it. This is good government and prevents confusing the public with improper and wrong advice. Therefore, any guidance that is outdated, used to circumvent the regulatory process, or that improperly goes beyond what is provided for in statutes or regulation should not be given effect. That is why today, we are ending 25 examples of improper or unnecessary guidance documents identified by our Regulatory Reform Task Force led by our Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand. We will continue to look for other examples to rescind, and we will uphold the rule of law.
The guidance was originally put in place after a series of reports and lawsuits from the ACLU revealed that state and local courts were increasingly offsetting budget deficits by charging additional fees for “public defenders, prosecutors, court administration, jail operation and probation supervision,” and that the courts were using “aggressive tactics to collect these unpaid fines and fees, including for traffic offenses and other low-level offenses.”
As a result, the courts were then jailing people who fell behind on their payments, without holding a hearing to determine if the individual was able to pay the fines, or offering alternatives such as community service.
The ACLU argued that because the courts were imprisoning an individual based on the fact that they or they could not pay court-imposed fines or fees, the court was in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment, which guarantees due process and equal protection under the law.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! In one case, a man undergoing chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer in Sherwood, Arkansas, spent 90 days in jail and ended up owing a court more than $3,000 after they wrote a series of bad checks for small amounts ranging from $5 to $41, and their medical condition prevented them from earning money to pay for the fines associated with the checks. Another case involved a veteran battling homelessness in Grand Rapids, Michigan, who spent 22 days in jail because they showed up to court with $25 out of the $50 the judge wanted them to pay as the first installment for the $2,600 they owed in restitution, fines and court fees after they were found intoxicated, on the roof of a building. Ultimately, the only ones who benefit from debtors' prisons are the prisons themselves, and the people who suffer are the ones who find themselves facing jail time on top of the inflated fees and fines they already cannot afford to pay. Rachel Blevins is a Texas-based journalist who aspires to break the left/right paradigm in media and politics by pursuing truth and questioning existing narratives. Follow Rachel on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. This article first appeared at The Free Thought Project.
Today the country and the Democratic Party are more liberal on gay rights. Thanks to the Supreme Court, gay marriage is the law of the land, and the integration of gays and lesbians into the military is official policy, something inconceivable as recently as a decade ago.
At the same time, the success of the Democrats in winning the popular vote for the presidency in every election since 1992 except 2004 has convinced most Democratic strategists that they don't need socially conservative, economically liberal Reagan or Wallace Democrats any more. Many Democrats hope that the long-term growth of the Obama coalition, caused chiefly by the growth of the Latino share of the electorate, will create an all but inevitable Democratic majority in the executive branch and perhaps eventually in the government as a whole. The Clintonian synthesis of pro-business, finance-friendly economics with social and racial liberalism no longer needs to be diluted, as it was in the 1990s, by opportunistic appeals to working-class white voters.
This realignment within the Democratic Party requires Hillary Clinton to distance themselves from many of the policies of their husband's administration and to adopt policies favored by their party's core constituencies. On issues from criminal justice to immigration enforcement, that is precisely what they have done. Even if they had not been challenged by Mr. Sanders, they probably would have done this anyway, because with the departure of the Reagan Democrats, the Democratic coalition has shifted to the left.
What, then, explains the appeal of Bernie Sanders? Part of the explanation, no doubt, is that, as they themselves acknowledge, Mrs. Clinton is less charismatic a candidate than Barack Obama or their husband was, despite their similar policies and backers. Part of it is simply generational. Remember, many young people were as enthusiastic about Mr. Obama in 2008 as their counterparts are about Mr. Sanders today.
But on the social and racial issues that are important to today's Democratic base, it is Mr. Sanders, not Mrs. Clinton, who has had to modify their message. At the beginning of their campaign, Mr. Sanders the democratic socialist focused in the manner of a single issue candidate almost exclusively on themes of class, inequality and political corruption. But because they are running for the Democratic presidential nomination, they have had to put greater emphasis on other issues, including racial disparity in policing and sentencing and the environment and immigration.
Having told Ezra Klein of Vox last July that open borders is “a Koch brothers proposal” that “would make everybody in America poorer,” Mr. Sanders recently criticized Mrs. Clinton for opposing drivers' licenses for illegal immigrants in 2007. Mrs. Clinton, for their part, told a crowd in Henderson, Nev., in February: “If we broke up the big banks tomorrow, would that end racism? Would that end sexism?”
The centrality of identity politics, rather than progressive economics, to the contemporary Democratic Party is nothing new. In 1982, the Democratic National Committee recognized seven official caucuses: women, blacks, Hispanics, Asians, gays, liberals and business/professionals. Thirty-four years later, this is the base of the Democratic Party of Hillary Clinton. The pro-Sanders left objects to the solicitude of the Democratic Party for Wall Street and Silicon Valley, the sources of much of its funding. But it is safe to assume that most progressives, when confronted with conservative candidates, will prefer incremental, finance-friendly Clintonism over the right-wing alternative. Moreover, the ability or even willingness of Mr. Sanders to help down-ballot or state candidates is doubtful. The next generation of Democrats are figures like Julian and Joaquin Castro and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, who are much more in the mold of the Clintons and Mr. Obama than of the maverick outsider Bernie Sanders.
DARK STAR, Fla. – I said it on Twitter this week and will say it again now: It's early and the entire team isn't even here yet, but so far I'd have to say the Braves' offseason effort to improve the clubhouse – let's not use the “c” word (chemistry) since it offends some – was a success.
Of course, it wouldn't take much to improve upon last year. Not that there were a bunch of bad guys on the team, because there weren't. It just lacked something. It lacked a lot, actually. Things like leadership and big personalities, outspoken veterans who knew how to keep guys in line but also keep things loose and help ease the tension during rough spells. (It doesn't have to be the same guy or guys doing all that, but if you've got one or two who can, that's gold.)
This clubhouse is going to have that, I believe. Like Braves clubhouses did in the past, when the likes of Eric Hinske, Martin Prado, David Ross, Brian McCann and Chipper Jones fit all or part of the description.
Jonny Gomes helped the Red Sox win the 2013 World Series -- and have a lot of fun along the way. (AP photo)
And before that era, the Braves during their division-title run had a clubhouse abundant with veterans and team leaders, and a manager who knew exactly how to let those guys run their own ship for the most part, but who would also handle things themselves on rare occasions when they needed to.
Leadership and chemistry matter, folks. Talent is more important, no doubt. A lot more important. But if you've got a decent amount of talent across the board, and exceptional talent at a few positions, then good chemistry, good leadership, can make a real difference in helping a team move toward being competitive rather than slide toward irrelevence before September because players tire of losing and dislike coming to the ballpark when things turn negative. When they don't have the right guys to help snap them out of it, either collectively as a unit or to grab them (figuratively speaking) by the jersey individually and tell them something that needs to be said but that less-than-established veterans, or veterans who just don't have that sort of personality, aren't willing to do because they're just not comfortable doing it. Because it's not in their nature, even if the team is slipping away and they think something needs to be said to someone. They just don't have it in them to do that.
From everything I've heard over the years, Jonny Gomes has that in him. In spades.
And in the right situations, with the right guys, it sounds like Jason Grilli and catcher A.J. Pierzynski also do. I've known Grilli since they broke in with the Marlins after being traded from San Francisco for Livan Hernandez way back. They were a cocky kid then, but many injuries and 10 organizations later, he's a grizzled, outgoing veteran who gets it and can help young guys get it, too.
Pierzynski is admittedly brash dude who rubs some guys the wrong way, but who has helped plenty of others and won't back down. That can be a good trait to have in a teammate. Pair them on a team with an equally scrappy and vocal veteran like Gomes, and I think the good part of Pierzynski is going to be more prevalent. At least the Braves hope so and believe it will, especially since A.J. has known Braves president of baseball operations John Hart for so long -- since they were an Orlando high schooler working at Hart's baseball camp -- and has so much respect for him. He's wanted to play for the Braves and live at home during spring training for a long time, now Hart has provided that opportunity.
Here's what Braves pitching newcomer Shelby Miller said about Pierzysnki, who was a teammate for much of last season in St. Louis, where Pierzynski filled in for Yadier Molina when the Cardinals' superstar catcher was injured.
"A.J.'s a guy who's been around for a long time, and you can see it," Miller said. "He knows a lot of hitters. They know what he's doing. When you throw to a guy like A.J. you just have confidence in him. Just that mindset out there that they know what he's doing, they know how to get the job done and how to call a game. At the end of the day, that's what you want in a catcher. And they can hit as well, hit for average and power. And their leadership in the clubhouse is going to be a huge help in the clubhouse, not only to myself but to a lot of guys.”
Soon enough, we'll see if Hart, assistant GM John Coppolella and Co. assembled a group that will gel and make everyone feel comfortable and want to come to work every day. That's going to be particularly important if the Braves struggle as much as many believe they will. I'm of the belief that they're going to be a little better than the majority of prognosticators are saying, and if a few things go their way and the pitching staff stays relatively healthy, they could flirt with .500. No, really.
But that's if some key things go their way.
Like if they get better seasons out of at least a couple of hitters from the group of Chris Johnson, Andrelton Simmons and B.J. .. er, Melvin Upton Jr. (that's going to take some getting used to). And if Grilli is healthy and pitches like they did after going to the Angels last season and somewhere near how they pitched with Pittsburgh for the couple of years before last season, in which case the Braves will have a formidable duo with them setting up Craig Kimbrel.
(I'll wait and see on Jim Johnson, the former 50-save closer whose performance fell off a cliff last season. If they can regain their form, they have a nasty trio. But even if they don't, the Braves could have a formidable ‘pen with Kimbrel, Grilli and the other newcomers they've added, especially if Luis Avilan can get back to what they were before last season.)
What else? Well, if Gomes keeps raking against lefties and maybe hits a few more homers. And if they figure out a workable, productive arrangement at second base until top prospect and future leadoff hitter Jose Peraza arrives. (I don't think they'll rush them to the majors to start the season, and while I do think they could have them up by June, but that's only if second base is a black hole offensively and they think their presence could make a meaningful difference on a competitive team.)
Also, if OF/2B Eric Young Jr. has a good spring and makes the team, they could give the Braves the prototypical leadoff hitter they've lacked since Michael Bourn exited At least against right-handed pitchers (we're assuming Young would platoon with Gomes and play only against righties). But if Upton struggles early, the Braves might also consider Young for center field, or Eury Perez, a potential diamond-in-rough type.
They could do that if Zoilo Almonte platoons in left with Gomes, and Almonte might win that job anyway if they hit like they did this winter in the Dominican Republic. They crushed right-handed pitching there, and impressed a lot of people in the Yankees organization, though they never got much opportunity to play at the big-league level with all that high-priced talent they had in their outfield.
If I'm rambling it's because there is so much to talk. So many ways that so many different positions could go. Such an interesting spring and season ahead as we see how this experiment comes together, whether the Braves can pull off this mission of rebuilding (without calling it that) for 2017 and beyond while remaining competitive in the interim, or at least respectable in 2015 and competitive in '16 before they move into their new ballpark in 2017 with what they believe will be a potential championship-caliber team.
Listen, this team obviously has flaws. It's a work-in-progress, and barring a dramatically disappointing season by the Nationals, the Braves aren't going to win the division and might even have a hard time staying in front of the Marlins and possibly the Mets. (Philly's terrible; they'll finish ahead of the Phils for sure.)
But at the same time, there is so much to like and look forward to seeing in this ATL team, so many reasons to believe they will be more interesting and enjoyable to watch that last year's team, which had the 29th-ranked offense in the majors and was flat-out hard to watch, both boring and at times sloppy and dispiriting. Bad body language that got worse as the season went on. Silly arguments with umpires after called third strikes as frustrations mounted. (There's nothing wrong with arguing a called third strike on occasion, because it's merited on occasion. But c'mon, last year's Braves had guys who took it to ridiculous extremes, arguing almost every time they got rung up. Yes, the returning Upton did it more than anyone.)
The hitting coach couldn't get through to a lot of Braves hitters last season, despite sincere efforts, and by the end Greg Walker looked and sounded like they wanted to be anywhere but there watching that team (and I don't blame him, frankly). Walker and their assistant, Scott Fletcher, are gone. Well, Walker is not actually gone, but he's in minor league camp in their new role.
New Braves hitting coach Kevin Seitzer served four seasons in that position with the Royals, and was credited with helping many of their young players make strides. (AP photo)
New hitting coach Kevin Seitzer is full of optimism and energy, and the emphasis of their approach – hit the ball up the middle and the other way – could benefit so many of these hitters, as will their advice to shorten up the swing and battle when there are two strikes, not just keep flailing away like the count or situations with runners on don't matter.
Seitzer thinks there are ways to improve with runners in scoring position, things that hitters can do. Things he's picked up both as a player from the likes of teammates including George Brett, and from their hitting coaches along the way.
By the way, Seitzer won't just be talking from what he's ready or seen, or from what should work in theory. No, this is a guy who did it, who was a damn good hitter in their time. I was in my last year at the University of Kansas when they were a Royals rookie in 1986, and the next year in their first full season they hit .323 with a .399 OBP and .869 OPS, leading the AL in hits (207) while striking out just 85 times in 725 plate appearances at age 25.
Seitzer finished with a .295 career average and .375 OBP in 12 seasons, had more than 30 doubles six times, more than 10 homers four times, and never struck out as many as 80 times again after that 85-K season in their first full season. Now, does that sound like someone who might have some helpful advice for these Braves hitters?
And it's not like he's going to teach them all to slap the ball and be singles hitters. Not at all. In is one season as Blue Jays hitting coach in 2014, Toronto ranked fourth in the AL in runs (723) and batting average (.259), second in OPS (.736) and home runs (177), and third in on-base percentage (.323) and slugging percentage (.414). They were seventh or lower in each of those categories in 2013 except homers, where they ranked fourth. They adapt to the talent he's got to work with.
The Braves don't have anywhere near the number or level of established, big-time hitters that Toronto had. But the point is, Seitzer has shown they know how to get the best out of hitters, as they did with some young Royals hitters in four seasons as their hitting coach through 2012. For example, Alex Gordon credits them with overhauling their approach and swing in 2011 after Gordon's promising career had stalled.
There's a lot to be excited about, folks. Don't let the doom-and-gloom talk of some get you down. Enjoy the process. Yes, there are going to be growing pains. There always are during any level of rebuilding, but those pains shouldn't be as bad or last as long with the kind of rebuild (or whatever you want to call it) that the Braves are doing, compared to a strip-it-to-the-studs type project the Astros have endured in recent years. And like I said, if some things go their way, the Braves might actually surprise a lot of people this year and be competitive.
At the least, I think they will be a lot more enjoyable to watch. In large part because I think they're going to enjoy playing the games more and enjoy being around each other more for the next eight months or so than they seemed to last year.
• Let's close with this live version of an R.E.M. classic, since their guitarist/multi-instrumentalist Mike Mills is a noted Braves fan and since they and guitarist Peter Buck also play now in The Baseball Project, which will be in Orlando next month during its spring-training concert tour. Mike, let me know if the lyrics are way off. :)
“FALL ON ME” by R.E.M.
R.E.M.
There's a problem, feathers, iron
Bargain buildings, weights and pulleys
Feathers hit the ground
Before the weight can leave the air
Buy the sky and sell the sky
And tell the sky, and tell the sky
Fall on me (what is it up in the air for)
Fall on me (if it's there for long)
Fall on me (it's over, it's over me)
There's the progress
We have found a way to talk around the problem
Building towers
Foresight isn't anything at all
Buy the sky and sell the sky
And bleed the sky and tell the sky
Fall on me (what is it up in the air for)
Fall on me (if it's there for long)
Fall on me (it's over, it's over me)
Fall on me
(Well I would keep it above but then it wouldn't be sky any more)
(So if I send it to you you've got to promise to keep it home)
Buy the sky and sell the sky
And lift your arms up to the sky
And ask the sky, and ask the sky
Fall on me (what is it up in the air for)
Fall on me (if it's there for long)
Fall on me (it's over, it's over me)
Blast waves of mutants in beautiful 3D environments, launch trucks at skulls on your iPad, and design complex structures to support a specific amount of weight with today's AGF list.
All app prices are subject to change at any time and without notice regardless of stated free duration. Price changes are solely under the control of the developers.
iPhone:
Stuffed or Starved ($.99 -> Free, 5.5 MB): This arcade game requires you to tilt your iPhone in order to ensure the little yellow dude doesn't get too stuffed and doesn't starve. The meter in the top corner of the screen indicates if they are too thin or too fat and, as you would imagine, you'll need to eat healthy foods to thin out and fatty foods to thicken up. The more you eat, the higher your score. The game includes Game Center integration as well.
Stuffed or Starved is available for free for a limited time. It has a 4-star rating with a total of 10 ratings.
Super Stack Attack ($.99 -> Free, 16.6 MB): The citizens of Stackville love nothing more than sitting on top of each other, but they need your help to do so. As the crane hook at the top of the screen moves back and forth, you must time your tap to drop a block directly on top of another. If you miss and a block topples, it's game over. The game features two modes, all kinds of colorful characters, and Game Center integration.
Super Stack Attack is available for free today only (08/18). It has a 3.5-star rating with a total of 15 ratings.
Mancala Kalah ($.99 -> Free, 18.6 MB): A digital version of the board game Mancala. It features the ability to start with anywhere from three to six seeds, four levels of difficulty, same-device multiplayer, online multiplayer, and Game Center support.
Mancala Kalah is available for free for a limited time. It has a 3-star rating with a total of 19 ratings.
RAGE ($.99 -> Free, 539.7 MB): This on-rails FPS developed by id Software will push your iDevice's hardware to the limits with its beautiful and unsettling 3D characters and environments. The game features three weapons to take down waves of mutants, three environments, combos, bonuses, and Game Center integration.
RAGE is available for free for a limited time. It has a 4.5-star rating with a total of 16 ratings.
RAGE HD ($1.99 -> Free, 746.9 MB): Identical to the regular version listed above in terms of gameplay, this super powered version of id's on-rails FPS features high resolution textures that are optimally viewed on 4th generation iDevices or the iPad.
RAGE HD is available for free for a limited time. It has a 4.5-star rating with a total of 120 ratings.
SimplePhysics ($.99 -> Free ,6.6 MB): A game that will put your engineering skills to the test. Each level requires you to design complex structures that are able to support a specific amount of weight for a limited time without collapsing. You're provided with a limited amount of cash as well, so you'll want to place beams only where they are necessary. The game features 11 levels, the ability to test your structure with weights or your fingers, the ability to save, load and share designs, and online leaderboards.
SimplePhysics is available for free for a limited time. It has a 4-star rating with a total of 35 ratings.
Trucks and Skulls NITRO HD ($1.99 -> Free, 69.4 MB): Launch six different types of trucks at structures in order to destroy the skulls contained within in this Angry Birds-like physics puzzle game. Tapping on the screen while a truck is in the air will cause it to pull off a stunt and eventually explode when it crashes. The game features over 230 levels, the ability to mod your trucks, a level editor, and Game Center integration.
It must have at least a three-star average rating at the time it goes free.
at the time it goes free. The app must not have been free numerous times (3+) over the last six months.
The free version of your app must not include ads.
Premiums will rise an average of 27 percent for the hundreds of thousands of Michigan residents who buy their own health insurance.
Consumers eligible for income-based tax credits will be protected from the increasing premiums.
The state Department of Insurance and Financial Services published the rates Wednesday.
Enrollment for 2018 begins in a week.
Eight Michigan insurers will participate in a federally facilitated marketplace formed under the U.S. health care law.
In each county, there will be at least two insurers selling plans.
The state has said the premiums are higher than expected because President Donald Trump recently ended cost-sharing payments to insurers for providing lower-income people discounts on out-of-pocket costs.
About 80 percent of Michigan customers on the federal marketplace qualify for tax credits to offset their premium costs.
Page 2
The spread kept moving. Started at -2.5 last Monday. Dropped a half-point for the rest of the work week. Settled at -1 on Saturday. On Sunday morning, it flipped another 2 points. Suddenly the champs were underdogs in their own stadium, getting one point against a team that always choked against them. This made no sense. None of this made sense. Everyone liked the Colts.
And I had my Game Face on.
Welcome to the 2004 edition of Brady consoles Manning at midfield.
"Why aren't you watching this game with anyone?" the Sports Gal asked me.
"Nah, not this one. I'm watching this one alone."
They waited for an explanation ... and I waited for them to leave the room.
This wasn't Just Another Big Game. When I was growing up, the Patriots were the Fredo Corleone of the Boston sports scene. Then Belichick and Brady joined forces during the 2001 season. We made an improbable run to the playoffs, everyone argued about Bledsoe Versus Brady. We beat the Raiders in a blinding snowstorm, everyone talked about the Tuck Rule. We beat the Steelers in Pittsburgh, everyone said we got lucky on special teams. We toppled the Rams for our first Super Bowl title, everyone called it a collossal upset, almost like we were Villanova and they were Georgetown. Really, what was shocking about a well-coached, intelligent, hard-hitting football team beating an inconsistent, poorly-coached bunch of softies? This was surprising? St. Louis receivers were turtling over the middle by the middle of the third quarter ... they deserved to win that game?
Nope. It was an upset. And when the Pats stumbled to 9-7 the following season, everyone called that Super Bowl title an aberration, just another overachieving team that caught a few breaks in the age of parity. If the 2001 Patriots could win a Super Bowl, all 32 teams had a chance. That was the consensus.
And then? Last season happened. The Patriots rolled off 15 straight wins for another title, which was pretty hard to dismiss ... but everyone did their best. This time around, we were good -- nobody could deny that -- but they weren't that good. People said that they weren't dominating enough, that they didn't have enough marquee names to be considered a dynasty, that their coach was the most valuable player on the team. During the summer, the Colts whined about the physical play of the Pats secondary in the AFC Title Game -- a game the Pats should have won by 30, by the way -- leading to the pass defense rules being "enforced" this season. The implication was pretty blatant: Yeah, you guys won, but you had to mug the Colts receivers to do it.
Then this season rolled around. The Pats held off Indy in Week One, one of those games that comes down to four or five plays, with the Pats making them all. Well, they were lucky to win. That seemed to be the consensus. The Pats won their first six, breaking the record for consecutive wins, even earning some respect from the "experts" out there ... as long as you didn't think that this team was better than the '72 Dolphins. God forbid. In Week 8 against the Steelers -- on the road, without Corey Dillon -- Pittsburgh ended the streak. It happens. Now the Steelers were the team to beat. Meanwhile, the Colts were gaining "unstoppable" buzz after running up the score on a series of non-playoff teams. The Patriots were in the mix, just another team with a chance. When the All-Pro team came out, only Seymour and Vinatieri made the cut. Isn't that amazing? How can you finish 14-2 and clinch a bye week with only two elite players on your roster? You tell me.
Did any of this matter last week? Of course not. Instead of asking questions like "Will Manning ever beat the Pats?" and "Will anyone ever beat Belichick and Brady in a big game?", the same question kept floating around:
"How can they stop the Colts?"
(Ummmmmm ... excuse me?)
"No, seriously, how can they stop the Colts?????"
(Ummmmm ... didn't you see the other three games over the last 14 months when we beat them?)
Hey, there's always the Isotoner endorsement to fall back on.
Didn't matter. The Colts were better. Maybe Belichick and Brady were 6-0 in playoff games, maybe they had won 29 of their last 31 games, maybe Manning hadn't won in Foxboro, maybe the Pats hadn't lost at home in over two years ... but hey, the Colts had beaten Houston, Chicago, Detroit and Tennessee by a combined score of 182-57, and Peyton Manning threw for 49 touchdowns this season. Somehow this was a toss-up.
Here's what killed me: Even people who would normally lean towards the Patriots were siding with the Colts. And why? Because the Pats were missing both cornerbacks and Richard Seymour. Apparently that was too much. Forget about the fact that New England's offense was completely healthy; that they had a 1,600-yard rusher who had been dying to play in one meaningful game for nine years; that they had a major advantage over any dome team in cold weather; that their coach was the MJ to Tony Dungy's Karl Malone; that they had more big-game players on their team than every other franchise combined. Only Manning mattered. Here on ESPN.com, nine of our ten "experts" picked the Colts to win.
I picked the Patriots. And not because they're my team.
See, I think differently as a sports fan. I don't care about numbers that much. I'm not impressed when Manning throws for six TD's against a 4-12 Bears team. I don't care that the Colts had three receivers who finished with more than 1,000 yards receiving. I'm much more interested in guys like Brady, McGinest, Bruschi, Brown, Vinatieri, Patten, Vrabel, Law, Harrison ... the guys who keep making plays to win football games. And it's always someone different. In the freezing cold against Tennessee last January, Vinatieri booted a football that weighed more than Frankie Muniz for the game-winning field goal. In Indianapolis during the 2002 season, McGinest jumped the snap and stopped Edge James on 4th-and-1. Pick a game during the streak, someone different came up big. Someone always comes up big. After awhile, it can't be an accident.
On Sunday against the Colts, Brown played nickelback against a 1,000-yard receiver for the entire game, caught two first-down passes and nearly broke a punt return for a TD. Brady dinked and dunked Indy's D to death, the ultimate game manager and leader, doing whatever it took to win the game. Bruschi ripped the ball away from Dominic Rhodes for a defining turnover, admitting later, "I just wanted it more than him." There was another defining play near the end, when Bruschi held James from running out of bounds, turned them around, then kept James from falling down so a charging Harrison could belt them from behind. What other team does stuff like this?
If there was a fault with these Patriots during the Brady Era, it was the way they allowed teams to hang around, like they needed a certain level of drama to find that extra gear. Not with this Colts game. In the second half, they finally played 30 perfect minutes of football, highlighted by a defensive shutout and two mammoth drives. They didn't just beat the Colts, they decimated them. Best of all, Manning was shaking their head and blaming everyone else, like they always do when things go wrong. Marino did the same thing. And they never won a Super Bowl either.
The last four minutes doubled as my favorite random moment of the Belichick Era. Leading 20-3, with the Colts driving for their typical garbage touchdown, Belichick basically said "Screw that!" and kept their starters on the field. The crowd picked up on it immediately, standing as one, serenading Manning with "Cut that meat!" and "Peyyyyyyyyy-ton!" chants, imploring the defense to make one last stand. Between plays, Bruschi was hopping around like Vince Neil, whipping their team (and the crowd) into a frenzy. With 30 seconds left, CBS's cameras showed Dillon on the sidelines -- they were glancing around the stadium and nodding their head, eating this up, almost looking like Cyrus at the beginning of "The Warriors." So much for Corey Dillon being a cancer.
(By the way, that's another Belichick move, taking a page from Red Auerbach and the old Celtics teams, where Red brought in one talented veteran every year who would kill to play for a winning team. The enthusiasm of those guys never fails to be infectious. Last year it was Harrison. This year, it was Corey Dillon -- 144 yards, owned the second half, the happiest guy on the field down the stretch. I think we'll keep him.)
Meanwhile, the Colts were driving inside the 20. Manning wanted that cheap TD, only the Pats wouldn't give it to him. With four seconds left, Harrison picked off a pass in the end zone and jammed a fork into the Colts. Game over. Chaos at Gillette Stadium. One last look at that Peyton Manning Face. So long to the Colts. Again.
Hot off the press! It's the 2005 edition!
"That's why they're the champs," Jim Nantz gushed.
Yup. Pretty much.
And that's why I watched the game alone. It went deeper than "I don't want the season to end," or "Man, that would stink to lose at home to the Colts." This was about respect. This was about four letters ("team") meaning more than five letters ("stats"). This was about a great team taking care of business at home, because that's what great teams do. This was about my buddy Bug calling me from the game in the second quarter and saying, "You should hear the crowd right now, I'm telling you, there's NO WAY we're losing this game." This was about Bruschi waving their arms and Dillon soaking in the moment. This was about Manning stomping off the field like a tyke, the paper champion going down in flames. This was about burning the game to DVD that same night, and only because it was the defining game of the Belichick-Brady Era and I wanted to save it.
Why do I care about sports this much? I couldn't possibly tell you.
But I do.
Bill Simmons is a columnist for Page 2 and ESPN The Magazine. Their Sports Guy's World site is updated every day Monday through Friday.
Trent Reznor will be joined by members of King Crimson and Jane's Addiction for an arena tour, with some dates this year
Trent Reznor has announced the return of Nine-Inch Nails. Unveiling a "reinvented" lineup, featuring members of King Crimson and Jane's Addiction, Reznor revealed plans for a "full-on arena tour" in 2013 and 2014.
Reznor's reimagining of Nine-Inch Nails follows a four-year hiatus, during which they mostly worked on film scores. In a statement to Pitchfork, the 47-year-old said they made the decision while working with King Crimson's Adrian Belew, who also contributed to NIN's 2008 album Ghosts I-IV. "[We were working] on some musical ideas, which led to some discussion on performing, which led to some beard-scratching, which (many steps later) led to the decision to rethink the idea of what Nine-Inch Nails could be," Reznor wrote. "Calls were made to some friends, lots of new ideas were discussed, and a show was booked – which led to another, which somehow led to a lot of shows."
The band's new lineup includes Reznor, Belew, Telefon Tel Aviv's Josh Eustis, long-time bandmates Alessandro Cortini and Ilan Rubin, and Eric Avery, formerly of Jane's Addiction. Although the major world tour won't begin until 2014, NIN will begin playing concert dates this summer. According to Billboard, one of the group's first shows will be at Lollapalooza.
Reznor is also reportedly planning to record some new NIN music. At the end of last year, they told the New Yorker that two new songs would appear on the band's greatest hits compilation, due in 2014. Some time thereafter, they expect to release an eighth studio album.
In the meantime, Reznor remains busy with their new band, How to Destroy Angels, which also features their wife, Mariqueen Maandig. Its debut album, Welcome Oblivion, is out on 5 March.
A new law in Germany could soon make it illegal for employers to check out prospective job candidates on Facebook and other non-career focused social networks, according to local newspaper reports.
Bizarrely, however, it will still be legal to “google” applicants, although they are to disregard information that is either too old or outside of a candidate's control. Social networks specifically designed for professional purposes, think LinkedIn or the larger local player Xing, are OK too.
(Interestingly, there's no provision for Google CEO Eric Schmidt's prediction that a free and legal name change once a person reaches adulthood could be the solution.)
The new law, which has a wider remit related to privacy for employees, has been drafted by Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière, according to Die Welt and Süddeutsche Zeitung newspapers. It's said to be the result of months of negotiations between the different parties in Germany's coalition government, and is set to be approved by the German cabinet on Wednesday.
But really, how workable is this law, should it be passed.
Firstly, how would you prove that an employer has or hasn't checked out a candidate on Facebook or any other non-professional social network? And if Googling is allowed, then that sort of cancels out the Facebook protection, does it not. Much of Facebook's data and that of other social networks is indexed by Google, Bing etc., some of which is revealed in the search result itself before actually clicking through to the URL, which if revealing will be hard to resist anyway. Status updates are often 140 characters or fewer, remember, perfect for those search engine excerpts.
What do you think, can the problem of a social networking trail be legislated for? My view is that in the future employers will just need to lighten up a little or we'll all be in trouble.
(via Spiegel.de)
In 2006, Mr. and Mrs. KLondike moved downtown from the Upper East Side apartment where Mrs. KLondike had grown up. (The KLondikes are so named here to reflect the way that, in movies and on TV, fictional phone numbers always begin with 555, or, in the old days, KLondike 5, to protect the innocent holders of actual phone numbers.) Mrs. KLondike wanted to transfer their old phone number to their new apartment. She'd had it their whole life. On a call with Verizon, they learned that this would not be possible.
“I was devastated,” they recalled recently. The old number was one of those easily remembered, symmetrical ones. The Verizon agent was sympathetic and spent more than half an hour on the line with Mrs. KLondike, scanning the system for comparably elegant and as yet unclaimed numbers. “ ‘What about this one.' ‘What about that one?' They were totally invested.”
Then the agent found one: 212-777-5544. “That's it!” Mrs. KLondike exclaimed. They called their husband and said, “I got the best number ever!”
They aren't sure: “Sounds like a number you'd call for a hooker, or a car.”
Still, for nine years, the number served them well. Then, after midnight, one night in May, the phone next to the bed rang. Mr. KLondike answered.
“Is Courtney there?” the caller asked. Courtney? Sorry, wrong number.
Another followed. Different caller, same question. And another. Come the fourth, Mr. KLondike asked, “What is this about? Why are you calling?”
The caller explained. They had just seen the documentary “Montage of Heck,” about Kurt Cobain, on HBO. In the film, there is a shot of a message for Cobain, scribbled down by a hotel clerk: “Courtney called. Them number is 212-777-5544.” This was Courtney Love, who was then not yet Cobain's wife. The current caller, presumably like the three before him, was hoping to connect with Love.
In the weeks after the documentary aired, the KLondikes got half a dozen calls a night, many after midnight. Eventually, they realized that, as Mr. KLondike recalled, “this is a gift! We tried to come up with things to do.”
Mrs. KLondike decided to impersonate Courtney Love. They put a little rasp in their voice and answered the ringing phone.
“Who is this?”
“Who do you think it is?”
“Is it Courtney?”
They never explicitly said that they are, but they never said that they aren't, either. All the callers, at least the one out of ten who talked rather than just breathed, were kind and considerate. “I didn't have the heart to tell them I wasn't Courtney,” they said.
A caller named Pete, from Baltimore, asked, “Would it be out of the question for me to ask for your e-mail?”
Mrs. KLondike said that it would. “I know you are going to respect my privacy,” they said. (“He was so adorable,” they recalled. “He just wanted to help Courtney.”)
Another caller said, “You sound like Courtney Love. Can I have my brother-in-law call you?” Mrs. KLondike preferred that they not.
Sometimes the KLondikes' daughters listened in. It didn't take them long to decide that their parents were being cruel. Their mother began to have misgivings, too: “I felt so bad. It was too deep. It was so unsocial-worky of me.” (She's finishing a master's in social work.)
“There was a lot of push and pull in the household,” Mr. KLondike, who works in finance, said. “When we were fifteen, we would've gone crazy with a chance to pull a prank like this, but here we failed miserably. Maybe when you get older, you don't have it in you to be mean.”
These days, they are getting just a couple of Courtney calls a week. Mrs. KLondike said, “No one else ever calls the landline except for my mother, who calls from Greece.” Most nights, they unplug the phone. They intend to ditch the number. ♦
Testing for gluten intolerance and celiac disease is available from Cyrex Labs. http://www.cyrexlabs.com
More Problems with Glyphosate: U.S. Rice Growers Sound the Alarm
Glyphosate, Hard Water and Nephrotic Metals: Are they the Culprits Behind the Epidemic of Chronic Kidney Disease of Unknown Etiology in Sri Lanka?
Our food supply in the U.S. is highly contaminated with residues of glyphosate and we are not aware of this insidious danger to our national health.
Gluten intolerance is an under-diagnosed but growing epidemic in the U.S, as is celiac disease, a much more dangerous autoimmune-like disorder to which many other diseases are now linked.
Some symptoms of gluten intolerance and celiac disease are obesity, infertility, skin rashes, autism, Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, thyroid disease, kidney disease, some cancers including non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and melanoma, type-1 and type-2 diabetes, allergies, fibromyalgia, arthritis, panic attacks, depression and other brain problems, migraine headaches, irritable bowel syndrome and acid reflux.
What is causing this spike in celiac disease and gluten intolerance? In a well-researched paper published by Anthony Samsel and Stephanie Seneff, they brilliantly put forth evidence that the herbicide glyphosate (Roundup) causes extreme gut dysbiosis in which pathogenic bacteria kill off healthy gut bacteria interfering with complex nutrient assimilation.
Glysophate creates a situation in which pathogenic bacteria kill off healthy gut bacteria interfering with complex nutrient assimilation resulting in extreme nutrient deficiencies. Recommended Stories For You
Glyphosate usage — the most used herbicide in the U.S. since 2001 — has grown because of the widespread use of Monsanto's, Roundup-Ready, genetically modified plants. In 2013, the EPA raised the allowable concentration of glyphosate on food crops and animal fodder.
First introduced in 1974, glyphosate is now the world's most dominant herbicide. Despite claims to the contrary by the EPA, glyphosate residue remains on plants we consume and fodder used to feed commercially raised animals.
Glysophate creates a situation in which pathogenic bacteria kill off healthy gut bacteria interfering with complex nutrient assimilation resulting in extreme nutrient deficiencies.
The foods ingested are not completely broken down during digestion and the particles subsequently boreholes in the intestines causing a toxic condition known as "leaky gut syndrome."
The undigested protein fragments then trigger an autoimmune response. Furthermore, the resulting toxins travel throughout the body and cross the blood brain barrier, causing many of the neurological problems we are seeing in our population today such as autism, ADD/HD, and many forms of depression and mental illness.
How does glyphosate create gut dysbiosis?
Glyphosate is now associated with the overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria in the human gut and in the intestines of chickens, cows and pigs, resulting in intestinal infections.
Glyphosate preferentially kills beneficial bacteria in the gut such as enterococcus, bifidobacteria and lactobacillus. pathogenic bacteria, such as staphylococcus, salmonella, shigella, and clostridium are especially resistant to glyphosate and begin to proliferate in the gut wreaking havoc in our ability to digest food and absorb essential nutrients.
As a result our bodies cannot make essential vitamins and also cannot utilize important minerals such as zinc, magnesium and selenium.
Taking probiotics and eliminating grains, carbohydrates and sugars will help to eliminate pathogenic bacteria and restore a healthy bacterial profile to the gut.
We depend on our gut bacteria to make and assimilate vitamins and utilize minerals in our food.
The damaged villi associated with celiac disease and gluten intolerance are impaired in their ability to absorb a number of essential nutrients, including vitamins B6, B12, and folate, as well as iron, zinc, calcium, and vitamins D and K.
Long-term deficiencies in B6, B12, as well as zinc, are known to result in mental illnesses and neurodegenerative diseases.
Celiac disease and gluten intolerance, which are now unequivocally linked to glyphosate ingestion, are associated with multiple pathologies in the digestive system including impaired gall bladder function, non-alcoholic fatty liver, pancreatitis and acid reflux.
Glyphosate is also known to disrupt the synthesis of tryptophan and tyrosine in the gut. Tryptophan is the amino acid that produces serotonin. Low serotonin is associated with many of the behavior disorders in children with autism.
All autistic children suffer from severe gut dysbiosis or full blown celiac disease.
An important book to read is "Gut and Psychology Syndrome," by Dr. Natasha Campbell-McBride.
Low serotonin is also linked to many forms of depression as well as figuring in autoimmune disorders.
One of the most important links with celiac disease is Hashimoto's Thyroiditis, an autoimmune thyroid disease. Selenium deficiency is associated with celiac disease and its deficiency can lead to impaired thyroid function. Glyphosate disrupts selenium uptake in plants. Supplementation with selenium is therefore important for people with gluten intolerance or who have celiac disease.
Unfortunately, the EPA has accepted Monsanto's assurances that glyphosate is harmless to humans and animals, but nothing could be further from the truth.
We have also been led to believe glyphosate degrades in the soil, however, radioactive C-glyphosate studies have revealed a half-life of 7 years or even up to 22 years.
A new study from the U.S. Geological Survey in the journal "Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry," titled, "Pesticides in Mississippi Air and Rain, A Comparison Between 1995 and 2007," reveals that Roundup (glyphosate) and its still-toxic degradation byproduct AMPA were found in 75 percent if the air and rain samples tested from Mississippi in 2007.
Glyphosate can leach deeply into soil and contaminate groundwater.
Glyphosate is known to disrupt the uptake of minerals in plants thus making the GM plants we consume lacking in these essential nutrients.
This is also true of animal feed. Genetically modified feed sprayed with glyphosate is also devoid of minerals thus impairing the health of the animals.
When we consume these animals and their products (milk, butter, cheese, cream and eggs), we are not receiving sufficient minerals from these foods.
The glyphosate, antibiotics and hormones retained in the flesh and fat of commercially raised animals subsequently winds up in our bodies wreaking further havoc on our immune systems.
In the U.S., we are suffering from massive toxic overload due to our FDA-approved food supply. This is wrong. The western diet is now a delivery system for toxic chemicals and it consists primarily of processed foods made from corn, rice, wheat, soy, canola and sugar.
These foods account for 20 percent or more of the American diet.
We, and subsequent generations, are now subject to a chronic accumulation of glyphosate in our food supply due to the proliferation of genetically modified plants and the fact that these plants can withstand massive applications of glyphosate.
We must urge Congress and state representatives to reexamine their policy towards glyphosate and rapidly move towards legislation that would ban its use. Time is of the essence.
In the meantime, buy organic grain products, organic cooking oils, grass-fed meat, milk, and cheese and organic, pastured eggs.
Pauli Halstead, author of "Primal Cuisine, Cooking for the Paleo Diet," lives in Nevada City.
TRIPOLI/BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Ten people were killed and almost 40 wounded when Libya's two rival governments clashed with Islamist fighters in two large cities on Wednesday, officials said.
Supporters of Islamic State and other Islamist militant groups have exploited the turmoil in Libya, where two governments and parliaments are fighting for control four years after the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi.
In the eastern city of Benghazi, nine soldiers were killed when fighting the Majlis al-Shura, an umbrella of mostly Islamist groups including Ansar al-Sharia blamed by Washington for the storming of a U.S. diplomatic compound in 2012 which killed the U.S. ambassador.
At least 30 soldiers were wounded, a military spokesperson said.
Army forces allied to the internationally recognized government based in the east have been fighting since last year Islamist groups in the port city.
Backed by helicopters, army special forces took back several government buildings in Libya's second-largest city previously held by Majlis al-Shura, said the spokesperson.
The army has gained some territory but clashes continue almost daily despite repeated claims by top army commander Khalifa Haftar that their forces were dominating.
In the central city of Sirte, Islamic State fighters fought with forces sent from the western city of Misrata allied to a self-declared government controlling the capital Tripoli, officials and residents said.
Taking advantage of the security vacuum, just as Islamic State did in Syria and Iraq, Islamic State militants had seized Sirte, Gaddafi's home town east of Tripoli, earlier this year.
One member of the Misrata-based Brigade 166 was killed and seven were wounded on Wednesday, Jamal Zubia, a spokesperson for the Tripoli-based government, said in a message on social media.
Islamic State said in a Twitter message its fighters had seized a camp of the Misrata forces in southeast Sirte.
The group published pictures purportedly showing its fighters at the camp, seizing several vehicles. A resident said the camp seemed to be in the hands of Islamic State.
Islamic State militants have in recent months claimed responsibility for several attacks including the storming of a Tripoli hotel and the murder of dozens of Egyptian and Ethiopian Christians.
Related Coverage Libyan Islamist leader proposes elections to end conflict
Libya's official government has been based in the east along with the elected parliament since a rival faction seized the capital in August and reinstated a previous assembly.
Islamic State for its part has also built up a presence in Derna, an eastern city known as a jihadi hot spot, and the main eastern city of Benghazi.
Ubuntu In a Nutshell: App Upload Process
This article is part of a series of blog posts covering the many different areas of work going on in Ubuntu right now. See the introduction post here that links to all the articles.
In this article I am going to discuss some improvements we're making to significantly simply and speed up how app devs get their apps into Ubuntu.
You can think of an Ubuntu system as two layers of software:
The System – the core Operating System includes the system software itself that is required to boot the device, bring up services (e.g. networking/bluetooth/sound), and display the user interface. The Applications – these are the applications that run on top of the system where you spend most of your time as a user.
When we started working on Ubuntu back in 2004 the system and the applications where closely intermingled. We basically synced the Debian archive with Ubuntu, applied a bunch of patches, and whatever was in the Debian and Ubuntu archives was available as applications.
There were some inherent problems with this approach:
To get an app into Ubuntu you need to create a .deb file (a Debian package). Debian packages are really designed to be used by people who build Operating Systems, and not regular app developers.
file (a Debian package). Debian packages are really designed to be used by people who build Operating Systems, and not regular app developers. This approach meant that you could write an app with any software toolkit/platform that was in the archive. Unfortunately this results in a really inconsistent end-user experience – we have tried our best to support GTK and Qt apps, but these apps look and work quite differently, and it spreads the development team thinl trying to cater to all tastes.
If an app developer wants to get an app into Ubuntu they have to either (a) be an Ubuntu developer with upload access or (b) convince a developer to get their app in. This doesn't scale.
With these issues we tried to remedy the problem by creating the Application Review Board; a community group who would review packages with a simplified criterion. Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of the ARB, they were never really set up for success due to the technical limitations in the platform.
The primary technical limitation the ARB faced is that the Ubuntu system has traditionally lacked sand-boxing to protect it from naughty applications doing something…well, naughty. This meant that every app they reviewed would need a full code review for every version submitted. So, an app developer could release 1.0 and then release 1.1 a few weeks later and this would require two full code reviews. Not only this, but Debian packages have something called maintainer scripts that can theoretically do anything as root, so the packaging needed checking too.
For a group of volunteers with a growing list of submitted apps the ARB quickly fell behind. This resulted in frustration all around – for the ARB, for app devs, and for those of us working to refine and improve Ubuntu.
The New App Upload Process
So, the previous system had the following primary limitations:
Packaging was complicated.
No app sandboxing, so apps needed a full code review.
Maintainer scripts can do naughty things, so they needed a full review.
Apps took a long time to be reviewed due to the technical limitations above.
We started building a new specification for the new process some time ago. My team wrote the initial spec with input from a range of teams, and this has formed the foundation for the work that is reaching maturity now. Let's cover how it works.
There are three primary pieces to this work, click packages, sand-boxing, and uploading.
Click Packages
Firstly, remember how earlier I mentioned two layers in an Ubuntu system:
The System – the core Operating System includes the system software itself that is required to boot the device, bring up services (e.g. networking/bluetooth/sound), and display the user interface. The Applications – these are the applications that run on top of the system where you spend most of your time as a user.
The Debian packaging format provides a remarkable range of features that are really designed for the former, for building Operating Systems. For the latter, app devs who simply want to package their code into something that can be loaded by users, we have created a new, simplified format for packages. It is called the click package format.
Click packages are simple to create: when you have your project open in the Ubuntu SDK you can press a button to generate a click package. Done! Click packages also don't include maintainer scripts: they are simply not needed for the vast majority of apps, so, that already removes a security risk and something that needs reviewing.
A key benefit of click packages also is that they don't include full dependency resolution. Many of you will be familiar with running apt-get update on your system. Well, this syncs the list of packages from the archive and figures out all the dependencies and how they map out (e.g. knowing that GIMP requires GTK, which in turn requires X). This takes quite some time and doesn't scale to thousands of packages that getting updated all the time.
With a click package the software simply depends on the Ubuntu SDK. This means we don't need to worry about all that complex dependency resolution: we know the dependency, the Ubuntu SDK. Additional dependencies can simply be bundled into the package. Also, instead of maintaining a list of packages on the system…they are on a web service. You need a connection to download the package anyway, so why not ask a service which packages are available?
Sand-boxing
With a simple and efficient package format all set we next have the issue of sand-boxing.
This is more work than you might imagine. The team identified a big list of sand-boxing requirements that were needed for us to be sure an app could be run without a code review. This is not only protecting the system from inappropriate calls, but also handling issues with other components (e.g. sniffing keyboard events in X apps).
Well, the awesome Ubuntu Security Team has been working on full sand-boxing throughout the system and most of this work has been completed. This has also influenced some other design decisions: as an example, Mir (our new display server) is designed to not expose the keyboard event sniffing issue X has faced.
The basic result of this work is that the security team have an app called evil app that does a series of naughty things, and the sand-boxing protects the system from such naughtyness.
With this sand-boxing in place it essentially mitigates the need for a full code review, which was the primary bottleneck previously. This combined with click packages not having maintainer scripts and complex dependency chains makes reviews much easier and more efficient.
Uploading
The process for uploading an app to Ubuntu is going to remain largely the same as it works generally pretty well. As before you can select a package to upload, set information about the app, add screenshots and more and then it will hit a review queue before it appears to Ubuntu users.
The good news is that because the review only really require a check of permissions, meta-data, and a few other simple bits (thanks to click packages and sand-boxing), the review can be done in under 15 minutes as opposed to multi-day code reviews. This means apps should go in more quickly.
Once your app is in the archive you will be able to search for it across all Ubuntu devices. Currently all apps will be displayed, but we are adding features to only show apps that will work on that device (e.g. only show apps with a phone UI on the phone).
Are We There Yet?
So where do we stand with all this goodness? Fortunately, we are getting close.
The click package format is largely complete and we have tools for creating click packages in the SDK and installing them on a system.
Much of the sand-boxing work has been largely completed, although one caveat is that because we are working on Mir as our new display server, we are not investing in fixing keyboard sniffing in X (which would be a huge amount of work). This means that we won't release this system on the desktop until Mir is on by default (around 14.10). Our existing system will be in place until then.
The app upload piece is online and largely complete (although going through a series of reviews), and the scope for browsing new click packages is on the mobile images although isn't quite yet hooked up.
You can see an early video demo of this working below:
Can't see it? See it here!
Our goal is to have this full system in place for mobile in 13.10, and for desktop in 14.10. This will all make getting apps into Ubuntu quicker, easier, and more rewarding than ever before.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York pastor has been arrested and accused of fraudulently cashing pension checks worth nearly a quarter-million dollars sent to a school teacher who died more than a decade ago, authorities said on Thursday.
Rev. Victor Rosa was accused of deceiving New York City's Teacher Retirement System into thinking that teacher Maria Sicardo was still alive and had their checks sent to a building they own in the Bronx, investigators said.
They would cash the checks, which amounted to about $241,000, often at a local bank, investigators said. Investigators said they interviewed bank staff, who recalled Rosa often preached about God to other customers while waiting in line.
Sicardo died in April 2000 at age 75.
A report by the New York City's Department of Investigation said in the years after their death, someone sent fraudulently notarized documents to the Teacher Retirement System, purportedly signed by Sicardo, affirming that they were still alive.
In 2010, Rosa received a call from the Teacher Retirement System and told the caller that Sicardo had died three months earlier, in June 2010, in Puerto Rico, the report said.
They said they would return the checks for July, August and September, it said.
Investigators said they caught Rosa cashing the checks at a bank in the city's Bronx borough on security camera footage.
They were arrested last week in Orlando, Florida, where they now live, and is slated to face prosecution by the office of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Learning Linux Commands: join
Introduction
Join command is yet another example of text processing utility under GNU/Linux. Join command combines two files based on the matching content lines found in each file. Using join command is quite straight forward and if used currently and in the right situation it can save lots of time and effort. This article requires very basic command line experience.
Frequently used options
-1 FIELD
Join on specified field found in file 1
Join on specified field found in file 1 -2 Fields
Join on specified field found in file 2
Join on specified field found in file 2 -t CHAR
Use CHAR as an input and output separator
Basics
Basic usage of join command is usage without any options. All what is required is to specify 2 files as an argument. Let's say we have two files A.txt and B.txt with a following content:
$ cat A.txt 1 A 2 B 3 C $ cat B.txt 1 John 2 Linda 3 Rares
Here we can see that first field is a perfect candidate to perform a join operation upon. By default join command will perform join operation on a first FIELD where field separator is single space character or TAB. Therefore, by executing a following linux command our two files are joined based on FIELD 1:
$ join A.txt B.txt 1 A John 2 B Linda 3 C Rares
Choosing FIELD
In our previous example you could see a default function of a join command. In this section we will see how we can specify different field upon which join command should perform a joining operation. Lets consider a following A.txt and B.txt files:
$ cat A.txt John A 1 Linda B 2 Rares C 3 $ cat B.txt 1 A 2 B 3 C
As we can see, in this case we the first default join FIELD is no longer matching. Therefore, executing a join command on these two files will not produce any output. However, we can also see that second field in first file is matching with second field in the second file. As a result we can modify default behavior of join command and join both files based on the second FIELD in each file:
$ join -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt A John 1 1 B Linda 2 2 C Rares 3 3
where -1 is a first file and 2 is a second FIELD and -2 is a second file and 2 is a second column. In this case just because both matching fields are second we can use -j as a shortcut.
$ join -j 2 A.txt B.txt A John 1 1 B Linda 2 2 C Rares 3 3
As you have already noticed a third FIELD and first FIELD in both files can also be used for a join operation.
$ join -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt A John 1 1 B Linda 2 2 C Rares 3 3 $ join -1 3 -2 1 A.txt B.txt 1 John A A 2 Linda B B 3 Rares C C
It is important to note from the last to examples that join command will always print matching FIELD as first.
Choosing FIELD delimiter
Well not all the files are nicely formatted for a join command operation. As mentioned earlier the default FIELD delimiter is space. But what if we have “,” ( comma ) or even TAB as a delimiter? Let's consider a following files:
$ cat A.txt John,A,1 Linda,B,2 Rares,C,3 $ cat B.txt 1,A 2,B 3,C
In this case the only difference from previous examples is that the FIELD separator is “,”. To tell join command which FIELD separator to use we can take an advantage of -t option othewise the syntax is same:
$ join -t, -1 3 -2 1 A.txt B.txt 1,John,A,A 2,Linda,B,B 3,Rares,C,C
Multiple spaces
If your files have multiple spaces as FIELD delimiter the safest option is to convert them to a single space delimiter. For example joining these files may be quite hard:
$ cat A.txt John A 1 Linda B 2 Rares C 3 $ cat B.txt 1 A 2 B 3 C
Therefore, if the the situation allows you, you can convert it to a single space delimited file using sed command:
$ sed -i 's/\s\+/ /g' A.txt $ sed -i 's/\s\+/ /g' B.txt $ cat A.txt B.txt John A 1 Linda B 2 Rares C 3 1 A 2 B 3 C
Tab a FIELD delimiter
Tab delimiter is also accepted by join command as a default. Therefore, the following example will perform valid join operation:
$ cat A.txt B.txt John A 1 Linda B 2 Rares C 3 1 A 2 B 3 C $ join -1 3 -2 1 A.txt B.txt 1 John A A 2 Linda B B 3 Rares C C
Ignoring case
If your matching FIELD is in perfect order but FIELDS from both files have upper and lower case differences the join will not perform a valid join operation and ignore unmatched lines unless -i ( ignore case ) is used. Note the following lower-case b in the following example:
$ cat A.txt B.txt John A 1 Linda b 2 Rares C 3 1 A 2 B 3 C $ join -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt A John 1 1 C Rares 3 3 $ join -i -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt A John 1 1 b Linda 2 2 C Rares 3 3
Overriding default join format
In the following example we will see how we can override a default join command format behavior with -o option. Consider a join output of of files A.txt and B.txt:
$ cat A.txt B.txt John A 1 Linda B 2 Rares C 3 1 A 2 B 3 C $ join -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt A John 1 1 B Linda 2 2 C Rares 3 3
Joining field is printed as first. What if we do not want to print joining FIELD at all or what if we want to print joined field in different order. In this case the -o FORMAT option becomes very handy. In this example we will print only matching fields:
first field in first file: 1.1
first field in second file: 2.1
$ join -o 1.1 2.1 -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt John 1 Linda 2 Rares 3
Non-pairable lines
By default only pairable lines are printed by join command. -a option instructs join command to also include unmatched lines. In next example we will print all unmatched lines in file 1.
$ cat A.txt B.txt John A 1 Linda B 2 Rares C 3 Lubos D 4 1 A 2 B 3 C 5 E $ join -a 1 -o 1.1 2.1 -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt John 1 Linda 2 Rares 3 Lubos
or we cat print all non-pairable lines from both files by:
$ join -a 1 -a 2 -o 1.1 2.1 -1 2 -2 2 A.txt B.txt John 1 Linda 2 Rares 3 Lubos 5
The striking thing about Paul Ryan's ascent is the gulf between their proposals and the way the media have characterized them. Since Mitt Romney named Ryan to the ticket on Saturday, the news has been filled with talk of the “ fiscal conservative ” (NPR) “ intent on erasing deficits ” (New York Times) who has become “ the intellectual heart of the Republican Party's movement to slash deficits” ( The Post). All of this is demonstrably false. Ryan's con has succeeded largely because Democrats haven't sensed the political salience of assailing their plans from the right ; instead, they've chosen to slam only Ryan's regressive priorities and Medicare scheme.
This strategic error allows the presumption that Ryan, and thus Romney, are the true apostles of fiscal responsibility in this race, a value important to the voters who will decide November's outcome. But the con has worked in part because budgets make journalists' eyes glaze over, and once the phony Ryan meme took hold two years ago it became hard to dislodge.
Now that Ryan is on the ticket, however, the stakes are too high not to expose the fraud. In that spirit (and at the risk of taxing readers who've heard my Ryan fetishes before), I offer one wonk's guide to what every citizen should know about Ryan's plans. Otherwise, like the talented Mr. Ripley, Ryan will continue to get away with (fiscal) murder.
Ryan is not a “fiscal conservative.” A fiscal conservative pays for the government they want. Ryan never has. Their early “Roadmap for America's Future” didn't balance the budget until the 2060s and added $60 trillion to the national debt. Ryan's revised plan, passed by the House in 2011, wouldn't reach balance until the 2030s while adding $14 trillion in debt. It adds $6 trillion in debt over the next decade alone — yet Republicans had the chutzpah to say they wouldn't raise the debt limit! (I remain mystified why President Obama never hammered home this reckless contradiction by insisting that the GOP “raise the debt ceiling just by the amount it would take to accommodate the debt in Paul Ryan's budget.”)
Ryan is an extreme “small government conservative.” Ronald Reagan ran government at 22 percent of gross domestic product when our population was much younger. Ryan and Romney want to run government at 20 percent of GDP even as the number of Americans on Social Security and Medicare doubles. Even if we slow these programs' growth, it's impossible to shrink the federal role in an aging society this sharply without eliminating vast swaths of what Americans have come to expect from government — not to mention shortchanging already lagging investments in research and development and infrastructure. Over time, Ryan's “vision” would decimate most federal activities beyond Social Security, Medicare and defense.
When I asked Ryan last October why they thought — in their words — “the historic size [of government as a share of GDP], or smaller,” was sound policy when we'd shortly be doubling the number of seniors on the biggest federal programs, they replied, “Because we can't keep doing everything for everybody in this country.”
Ryan says that on our current path we will “transform our social safety net into a hammock, which lulls able-bodied people into lives of complacency and dependency.” But I've never understood what hammock Ryan is talking about. If programs for seniors haven't been a “hammock” until now, simply doubling the number of people eligible for them can't turn them into a “hammock” tomorrow. We have an aging population challenge and a health-cost challenge. We don't have a “hammock” challenge.
Ryan is not a truthteller. Ryan boasted on Saturday that they and Romney have “the courage to tell you the truth.” But political courage means telling your base things they don't want to hear. The truth Ryan and Romney won't tell — which explains the staggering debt in Ryan's plan — is that taxes need to rise as the boomers retire. (The truth Democrats won't tell is that raising taxes on the rich alone won't suffice.)
But on Medicare. . . I can hear the Democratic groans coming, but Ryan deserves credit here. Ryan leaves Medicare on its current outsized trajectory for the next decade, as spending soars from $560 billion to $950 billion. Because of our uniquely inefficient health-care sector, which leaves us spending twice per capita what other wealthy nations spend, the voucher they call for thereafter would suffice to buy seniors terrific care everywhere but here. Even if their approach is imperfect, Ryan is right to challenge our Medical Industrial Complex to change.
So, Democrats, if you must demagogue (and I know you must), I say: Demagogue responsibly. Blast the GOP for trimming Medicare growth to cut taxes for the rich — but don't damn the idea of slowing Medicare's growth “the right way.” In a few years the cash going to Medicare that's not needed for quality care will be the reason we're too strapped to invest in poor kids.
Matt Miller is a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and co-host of public radio's “Left, Right & Center.” They write a weekly online column for The Post.
A newly discovered pig manure bioadhesive has been developed by civil engineer Ellie Fini and a team at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. Turns out the oils in swine manure are similar to petroleum, but are too low-grade for gasoline and perfect for asphalt.
First, just to be clear, the asphalt created with this pig manure bioadhesive does not create an offensive odor. The odor-causing parts of the manure are removed during processing.
“It is different from petroleum refinery, which distills crude oil to produce mainly fuel and leave the residue for asphalt,” Ellie Fini, lead researcher and assistant professor of civil engineering, told Gizmag.
“Here we produce bio-adhesive from breaking bio-mass molecular structure and re-synthesizing the bio-adhesive structure. Bio-adhesive is lower in cost, requires less heat for mixing and compaction and is more durable.” The adhesive costs $0.56 per gallon to process, much less than traditional petroleum-based asphalt binders.
“We think it's scalable and cost-wise it's profitable,” says Fini. “Our vision is to help the farmer and help the construction industry, both sides. We see a win-win approach in the solution.”
Scarcity of the raw materials for this new adhesive will not be a problem – 43 billion gallons of pig manure are generated around the world each year. Use of the product also solves another environmental issue – the increasing smell in areas with a lot of pig farms.
The bioadhesive material is currently undergoing testing to make sure it meets Department of Transportation standards. Tests include a simulation of truck traffic equal to 20,000 passes over it. So far, the product has passed DOT specifications.
The research has been funded by several grants from the National Science Foundation, and will hopefully be brought to market soon. The group has filed patents on the technology, and set up a company called Bio-Adhesive Alliance to help ramp up production.
Can't wait to smell that first road paved with pig manure!
Sources and Photo: Gizmag, National Science Foundation
'Sorry mom, I'm STRAIGHT': Oversharing mother who blogs about their pride in their 'rainbow boy' reveals how other son finally plucked up courage to come out to them as heterosexual
Lori Duron tells how their younger son loves dressing in girls' clothes and prefers sewing to playing soccer, in a new book titled Raising My Rainbow
Now they explain that since they were so careful to be accepting of their younger son's sexuality that their older son came out as straight
Was careful to use gender-neutral pronouns when they asked about their sons school crushes
A mother who wrote a book about their young son's love of 'all girl things' like Barbies and high heels has now revealed that their older son felt that they needed to come out as straight.
Lori Duron, who lives in California's Orange County, started writing a blog and later a book about their son C.J.'s affinity for girls' toys and clothing, and used their position as a way to tell other parents how they were creating a welcoming environment for their gender non-conforming son.
In a new essay for The Huffington Post, they explained how they were careful use all-inclusive pronouns and never assume that either of their two sons were attracted to girls.
Learning curve: Lori Duron candidly details their family's experience of raising six-year-old CJ - described as a 'boy who is a girl at heart' - in a new book titled, Raising My Rainbow
Difference of opinion: While CJ loves pink and dolls, their older brother Chase prefers traditional boys' toys
As a result, their 10-year-old son Chase felt compelled to 'come out' to them as a boy that likes girls.
'I'm careful how I phrase things. I ask my oldest son Chase if they think anybody in their class is cute. I leave it open so that they can answer honestly,' they wrote in the essay.
After a number of such interactions, they got an unexpected response from Chase.
'Mom, I'm straight. It's time you faced the facts,' Chase said.
'I know what you're doing. You always leave it open, like I could be gay. But I'm not,' they continued.
'OK, but you know that if you were gay or are gay, that is totally cool too, right?' Mrs Duron responded.
Happy at play: CJ seen in their bedroom, which is crammed full of girls' toys
Expressing himself: CJ's mother says they love practicing their 'fashion walk' in the mirror
Many parents of LGBT children have stories of their own moments when their son or daughter was ready to come out as a homosexual or lesbian, but Mrs Duron is one of the few who had a similar experience with a straight child.
They write how their unexpected parenting methods come from their own experience of growing up with a gay brother.
Mrs Duron wrote that their mother's reaction to their brother's admission of their sexuality, which happened ' a time and in a place where it wasn't discussed, let alone embraced', encouraged them to be overly cautious and supportive or whatever sexuality their children identify with.
Learning process: Lori and Matt Duron said they were confused and concerned about their son at first
Frank account: Mrs Duron's blog-turned-book, Raising My Rainbow hit the shelves today
'By trying to eliminate the need for a gay son to come out, I created an environment where a straight son felt the need to come out,' they wrote.
'As I try to learn from my mother's mistakes, I may be making some new ones of my own. I guess that's how it goes with parenting.'
In addition to the latest essay, Mrs Duron also used a Today Show interview as an opportunity to talk about their younger son's gender identity discovery process.
They said CJ loves dressing in girls' clothes, practicing their 'fashion walk' in front of the mirror and prefers sewing to playing soccer.
CJ, who is getting ready to start first grade, says they started liking 'girls' stuff' after they found a Barbie in the back of their mother's closet. They were just two-and-a-half years old.
Uber says it is no longer willing to wait for the city of Portland to revamp its strict taxi regulations to allow residents to hail and pay for rides with the push of a smartphone button.
As of 5 p.m. Friday, Portlanders will be able to use the cutting-edge-yet-controversial rideshare service in what has been the largest West Coast city without Uber, the company told The Oregonian.
The company is rolling out UberX — a service that allows passengers to use an app to get a ride from drivers who use their own cars as low-cost de facto taxis. Uber cars usually arrive in less than 10 minutes and offer fares that are 35 percent lower than those of traditional taxis.
The clandestine move – city code prohibits unpermitted ride-sharing – was met with a threat of immediate retaliation from Portland Commissioner Steve Novick.
If Uber drivers are going to start operating without the city's approval, "then we will try to catch them and seek penalty," said Novick, who oversees the Portland Bureau of Transportation.
"They think they can just come in here and flagrantly violate the law?" they asked rhetorically. "This is really amazing. Apparently, they believe they're gods."
Under a city code prohibiting unlicensed taxis, Uber drivers could face arrest and jail time.
However, Frank Dufay, the city's private-for-hire-transportation manager, said it's more likely that rideshare drivers caught illegally picking up passengers will face stiff fines.
For the first offense, the city could levy a $1,500 penalty against Uber and hit the driver with up to $2,250 in fines. "It's not cheap," Dufay said.
Dufay said they would meet with Novick on Friday afternoon to discuss strategy for the city's code enforcement officers. "We can get out there and see if we can get an Uber ride," they said.
Novick learned of Uber's plans from The Oregonian.
Within minutes, Mayor Charlie Hales had David Plouffe, one of President Barack Obama's most high-profile campaign operatives and now an Uber vice president in charge of strategy, on a speaker phone, Novick said. "I told them that if they're just going to come in and flagrantly violate the law, we'll throw the book at them."
Brooke Steger, Uber Northwest general manager, said the city's threats shouldn't dissuade its hundreds of local drivers from trying to make a living. "We are 100 percent behind the drivers and we support them every step of the way," Steger said. "We hope the city doesn't take that kind of action."
Uber reiterated that the company isn't a traditional taxi company and shouldn't be subjected to what it considers "antiquated regulations" that stifle competition and innovation.
Uber's ask-for-forgiveness-not-permission approach shouldn't come as a surprise to City Hall. In fact, it has become standard operating procedure for the San Francisco-based startup, which is sitting on a $1.5-billion mountain of cash and operating in more than 100 cities around the globe.
The company has started operating in many U.S. cities without first getting regulatory approval – or even warning transportation officials that they're about to start picking up riders.
The tactic worked in Seattle, where the wild popularity of rideshare services such as Uber and Lyft prompted the city to adopt new regulations to allow the businesses. However, the strategy backfired in Nevada, where a judge kicked the company out of the state – at least for now.
Portland's taxi regulations are among the nation's most restrictive, say Uber and rideshare competitors such as Lyft. Among other things, city code requires a 60-minute advance reservation for non-taxi ride services and sets a strict quota on how many taxi licenses can be handed out during any given year.
So far, the heavily influential Private for-Hire Transportation Board of Review, which includes representatives from the Portland's taxi and town-car companies, have been dead set against relinquishing any of the city's 460 taxi permits to Uber drivers.
A recent Portland Bureau of Transportation report showed the city is greatly underserved by taxis when they're needed most, Uber officials said it's getting harder for the city to defend strict ordinances designed to protect the taxi industry from competition.
Although Novick supports a comprehensive review of the city's taxi codes, They say the new ride-sharing upstarts have an unfair advantage over the city's regulated taxi industry.
"The taxicab industry is a regulated industry," Novick said. "The existing companies are expected to abide by the regulations -- regulations governing safety, accessibility, insurance."
Uber, meanwhile, wants to compete with them while ignoring the rules they have to follow, they said. "We told them we were interested in their ideas about how to change the rules," Novick said. "Instead of taking us up on that, they are electing to break the rules."
Steger said the company still wants to work with the city to upgrade its regulations to allow rideshare companies.
At the same time, they said the current situation, with Uber operating in Gresham, Hillsboro, Beaverton, Vancouver and Tigard but not in Portland, is farcical.
Uber drivers can pick up passengers outside of Portland and drop them off in the city limits — they just can't pick them up in Portland.
"There's a definite need," Steger said. "Thousands of people have been taking Uber into Portland from the suburbs. It's frustrating when they're unable to get a ride back. It's actually a risk to public safety during the holiday and DUI season."
-- Joseph Rose
The Democratic Party has been reckoning with an identity crisis in the wake of Hillary Clinton's devastating loss in November — and some progressives want to put abortion access back up for debate.
Weighing in on how the Democratic Party could win back white male voters, male writers have argued in the New York Times that the party must distance itself from the issue so that voters no longer see it as the “party of abortion.” In January, the only three Democrats in the house to vote for a piece of legislation restricting abortion access were men. Meanwhile, progressive populist hero Bernie Sanders has endorsed and is campaigning for an anti-choice, Democratic male candidate for mayor of Omaha, Heath Mello.
What is going on here?
To cisgender men, abortion may seem like a small issue in the scope of Sanders' broader focus on income inequality or Mello's plan to improve Omaha's economy. Abortion is sometimes cast as the social thorn in the side of issues that are supposedly more broad-reaching, such as economic justice, and it was barely mentioned during the entire presidential debate season — hence the hashtag #AskAboutAbortion, which reproductive rights activists used to encourage more discussion around the issue.
Because let's be clear: Abortion is not a niche issue — it's a fundamental right. For millions of women, trans men, non-binary, and gender-nonconforming people who have uteruses, reproductive freedom isn't some optional add-on to our lives but what makes our lives possible. Without the ability to determine our own reproductive futures, women cannot be economically free; without economic freedom, there can be no gender equality. What's more, limiting access to birth control and abortion hurts not only women's earning potential but the entire economy.
Beyond that, legal abortion is really quite popular in the U.S., far more popular than anti-choice Congressional Republicans or the President, who once called for punishing women for having abortions if Roe v. Wade were overturned. Seven in ten Americans want to see Roe upheld. Support for legal abortion is the highest it's been in decades: 57 percent of Americans believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases.
Abortion is a winning issue, not a losing one.
And yet the right to safe and legal abortion is under increasing threat. A veritable onslaught of abortion restrictions has been enacted since 2010, and for many women in the U.S., abortion is now difficult or nearly impossible to access. It's not just abortion: The Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that some companies can deny birth control coverage to their employees under the guise of “religious freedom,” and one of Obamacare's most transformative provisions for women, non-copay contraception, is under direct threat from Congressional Republicans who just voted to gut Title X and allow states to defund Planned Parenthood.
It isn't just infuriating to watch Democratic men push this critical issue to the sidelines at such a dire time; it's inherently sexist. After a woman failed to shatter the proverbial glass ceiling, some Democratic men are content to simply walk away from a key issue in our lives? After November, our health and rights no longer matter?
That's sure what it feels like.
There's a reason why so many feminists are outraged by Sanders' move.
In actively endorsing and campaigning for an anti-choice Democratic candidate, Sanders contradicts women's economic reality and their rights to their bodies.  They are saying to more than half the American population that their health, their liberty, and their economic justice simply aren't priorities.
When I first started writing about baseball, I had no idea where the journey would take me. I was a bright eyed thirteen-year-old who hadn't even started high school yet. I was enthralled with the game and I wanted to add to my fandom to make it more exciting. I watched games, scored games, and discussed games with my family and friends, but none of them satisfied me enough to fill the hole in my baseball heart.
So I began to write. I wrote and wrote and wrote and wrote. I put silly little polls on my website, at the time named Bases Loaded With Gidi, and then would spam the comment sections on MLB dot com articles with links to my site, begging people to vote in the polls and give me feedback on my articles. Slowly but surely, for reasons I still do not comprehend, people began to come to my website regularly and read the work I published. The writing was terrible. The grammar was nonexistent. The articles were choppy. Yet for some reason, people continuously kept on coming back, so I continued to write.
Continuing to write was the best decision I ever made. The opportunities and experiences that I have been able to partake in because of my writing have been distinct and unique and have made my life so much more enjoyable. I was a kid, and I was being given chances to meet my idols.
I remember in grade 12, when the website was called Blue Jays Plus, I was sitting in the middle of a class when I received an email from the Blue Jays inviting anybody working for the website to the State of the Franchise event. I was overcome with pure joy and let out a huge scream that resulted in me getting kicked out of the class for misbehavior. I cared not. The people I was writing about were aware of my writing, and I thought it was the coolest thing ever.
Since then, my writing finally grew to the point where I can actually look back at some of my pieces and not be embarrassed that they were published. I owe this to three people specifically.
The first is the writing professor I had my first-year student year of college, and this year, my senior year, Liesl Schwabe. Them feedback was and continues to be tremendously helpful, and they are always open to meeting and discussing my work, allowing me to build off of my previous mistakes. When I am bored sometimes, I'll pull up an article I wrote in August 2014 and then one from January 2015, and laugh at how much of an impact Prof. Schwabe had on me. Although my writing was, and still is, not close to what I consider to be at the level necessary for a professional, they single handedly took my childish writing and turned it into something passably adult-like. For that, I'm forever grateful.
Secondly is Matt Gwin, one of the Editors-in-Chief here at BP Toronto, and one of the guys I originally amalgamated with at the forming of Blue Jays Plus 2.0. They have been editing my work for a while, and despite being just a year older than me, they have taught me so much not only about writing, but being a good person in general.
Lastly, there is Josh Howsam, the other Editor-in-Chief here at BP Toronto, and the guy who has personally edited the vast majority of my articles over the past two years that we have been with Baseball Prospectus. Josh's editing style is so helpful because they worked with me to not only develop my writing, but to coax the idea I was trying to get across out of me. They were able to read my drafts and pick up on what didn't make it onto the page, and talk with me until I was able to formulate the message I wanted. So many of my best pieces wouldn't have been able to make the impact they have had without Josh, and I think it's important to recognize how much they have to do with that.
I also want to thank the wonderful staff of writers here at BP Toronto. Not one article has been published on this website that I can look at and say I am not proud of, and that is because we have an awesome staff with incredible integrity and devotion to their craft. It sometimes is very easy to come up with a topic for a piece and write 1000 words on it, but it is a lot harder to make sure that day in and day out, pieces are being published that deserve to be published. This website is unique in that it covers everything a baseball fan could possible want in their writing. From statistical analyses to emotionally gripping stories, this staff is capable of writing everything, and for that, they deserve to be applauded.
Those asupervisorstioned individuals impacted my writing more than anybody else, but I wouldn't have written if it weren't for you, the readers. I was only paid to do this for a brief period of time, but I gave up my pay voluntarily because I realized that I didn't like doing this as a job. I liked writing because of the community and the discussion that led from my posts. For that, I thank you. Your comments, tweets, and messages are what has made this such an enjoyable experience over the past 7.5 years, and it is what makes me want to come back to writing in the future.
However, I was recently accepted to dental school, and although I won't be starting until the Fall of 2018, I felt now was the right time to step away from BP Toronto. I have taken so much from my time as a writer, and have had so many amazing experiences from it, culminating with my piece last week featuring an interview with Mark Shapiro. I hope there will still be a vibrant and diverse community of Blue Jays fans interested in analytical writing when the time is right for me to pick up the pen again.
Go Jays Go.
Lead photo Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports-USA TODAY Sports
“Savior, conqueror, hero, villain. You are all things, Revan… and yet you are nothing. In the end, you belong to neither the light nor the darkness. You will forever stand alone.”
Introduction
This has been an article long in the making for me, and the addition of another hint towards Revan's place in canon within The Last Jedi inspired me to sit down and write this piece as soon as I possibly could.
Like many hardcore Star Wars fans, the character of Revan has become one of my favorite in the franchise. Their views of the Force were eye-opening and truthful; they were one of the few to ever recognize the flaws of both the Jedi Order and the Sith Empire, and worked to better the galaxy throughout their lifetime.
Though they were eventually captured and tortured by the Sith Emperor Vitate, they were able to resist and even reverse the influences of the Sith Lord. The battle of the mind between the two lasted for what seemed like an eternity, and Revan ultimately was able to delay the Sith invasion of the Republic for three centuries.
Revan would go on to influence all future Force users, as well as the Republic itself, leaving a massive legacy in the wake of their death. Because of this, the story of Revan has become one of the most loved and widely-known within the expanded universe.
It goes without saying, then, that Revan is one of the main characters that Star Wars fans want Disney to make canon — myself included. However, there are four things we have as hints to them potentially doing just that. In this article, I'm going to clearly lay those things out and explain how they relate back to Revan.
“Star Wars: The Clone Wars” Makes Darth Bane Canon
During their journey to understand their Force visions in the finale episode of Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Master Yoda travels to the ancient Sith planet of Moraband (Korriban in the Old Republic era) and enters a temple, only to discover a fake spirit of Darth Bane that they must face as a trial.
Though the spirit wasn't real, this is significant nonetheless because Darth Bane's Rule of Two was based on the teachings from the holocron of Revan (when they were a Sith Lord) that a master should take only one apprentice, and because The Clone Wars show has been confirmed as canon.
Taken from Revan's holocron in Darth Bane: Path of Destruction…
“True power can come only to those who embrace the transformation. There can be no compromise. Mercy, compassion, loyalty: all these things will prevent you from claiming what is rightfully yours. Those who follow the dark side must cast aside these conceits. Those who do not—those who try to walk the path of moderation—will fail, dragged down by their own weakness. Those who accept the power of the dark side must also accept the challenge of holding on to it. By its very nature the dark side invites rivalry and strife. This is the greatest strength of the Sith: it culls the weak from our order. Yet this rivalry can also be our greatest weakness. The strong must be careful lest they be overwhelmed by the ambitions of those working beneath them in concert. Any master who instructs more than one apprentice in the ways of the dark side is a fool. In time, the apprentices will unite their strengths and overthrow the master. It is inevitable; axiomatic. That is why each Master must have only one student.” — Darth Revan
Through association, Darth Bane being made a canon character strongly implies that Revan also is canon. Without Revan, Bane wouldn't have become the man they are, or begin the radical restructuring of the Sith.
Revan Was Originally Going to be in “Star Wars: The Clone Wars”
As significant as the confrontation between Yoda and Bane was, there's another moment in The Clone Wars that directly points to them almost being canon: their presence in a deleted scene of the show.
In the episode “Ghosts of Mortis”, The Son interacts with two Force spirits, Darth Bane and (you guessed it) Darth Revan. They tell them in synchronized voices that it is important that Anakin, the Chosen One, is converted to the dark side because the Chosen One will majorly influence the fate of the galaxy.
Though the scene was cut by George Lucas, the fact Revan was planned to physically appear in this show speaks volumes.
“Star Wars: Rebels” Makes the Mandalorian Wars Canon
In the sequel to The Clone Wars, Star Wars: Rebels, the Mandalorian Wars are made canon by a conversation Kanan Jarrus has with Sabine Wren. Specifically, in the episode ‘Trials of the Darksaber”, they do this when they reprimand Sabine's use of Mandalorian Force-dampening gauntlets during training.
“History lesson — the Jedi won the war! These tricks will amount to something, maybe save you from time to time, but they won't keep you alive in the long run. Only training and discipline will do that.” — Kanan Jarrus
Though this scene doesn't specifically name the conflict Kanan is referring to, there is no other time in Star Wars mythos, Legends or canon, in which the Jedi war against the Mandalorians other than the Mandalorian Wars. Equally important is the fact that Revan was arguably the most important person in this conflict; without their creation of the Jedi Crusaders (also known as Revanchists) the Mandalorians would have succeeded in overthrowing the Old Republic and taking over the galaxy.
Appearance of a Jedi Crusader Pendant in “Star Wars Episode VII: The Last Jedi”
(Some spoilers here for The Last Jedi!)
During The Last Jedi, we catch a glimpse of what appears to be a red lightsaber crystal placed in a metal holder as the camera shows us the contents of Luke's hut. (Note: I'd have used a picture of it if I could find one! If you see the film again, keep your eyes out for it.)
Most fans, including myself, thought the items could be Darth Vader's. It certainly would make sense, given that Luke's actions in helping Vader redeem themselves in Return of the Jedi were some of the most defining moments of their character.
However, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: The Visual Dictionary threw me for quite a loop in regards to this. In it, the metal object is described to be a “recovered Jedi Crusader pendant.” That term — Jedi Crusader — specifically refers to Revan and their fellow Jedi that decided to go to war with the Mandalorians.
Though the pendant technically could belong to any of the Revanchists (the book doesn't specify which one, after all) I think it's much, much, much more fitting that it belonged to Revan. In The Last Jedi, Luke takes a grayer stance on the Force that's very similar to Revan's. Both of them came to understand that the Force existed in full outside of the Jedi and Sith religions, and that the way each side romanticized their views was harmful to the goal of truly understanding the Force.
Luke holding onto the relic of Revan himself, someone who realized what they did in the past, is a lot more logical than just a random follower of Revan's ideology, in my opinion. Considering Revan dual wielded a red and purple lightsaber at one point, it would also make sense if the crystal in the pendant was their own.
In the end, even if the crystal and pendant aren't Revan's, they do belong to a member of the Revanchist Jedi Crusaders. That in and of itself arguably makes Revan canon, unless they outright retcon everything. The only way they could make it any more confirmed is by specifically using theirs name.
Author's Notes
Well, there you have it. I rest my case!
In my opinion, these four pieces of evidence (especially the fourth one) clearly show that the writers behind Star Wars have been consistently hinting at the Old Republic era and the events within it — with Revan strongly being tied to all of it in some way or another. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw Revan getting a new novel, comic series, or even a full appearance in Rebels in the near future. Though they haven't officially been confirmed canon, we're so close to that being so that I can taste it.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed reading my argument. Let me know what you think, either here on my blog or over on my Twitter.
In addition, I reviewed The Last Jedi last week; if you'd like to read that, head here!
That's all for now, everyone. You can expect one more article before the end of the month, which will be one more Star Wars piece. I won't tell you exactly what the theme of it will be, but here's a hint:
After the year ends, we'll be visiting Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild's musical score and the concluding issue of Rise of Atriox in January, so look out for that!
Anyway, I hope everyone has a fantastic holiday. May you all enjoy your friends, family, and gifts this season!
Much love and appreciation,
Lor
Advertisements
This Detroit, Michigan woman's tweet will be your feel-good-moment of the day...
Twitterer @TallahForTrump was tired of their Trump/Pence yard-signs being run over by the "tolerant" and "diversity-loving" liberals who passed by, so they decided to teach them a sorely-deserved lesson. Tallah attached over 30 nails facing upward to the base of one of their three signs so when an unsuspecting "peaceful" Leftist made a bee-line for them, at least one side of their car would need new tires. LOL!
Guys, we got one! pic.twitter.com/2hZUVxyP8K — Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) October 28, 2016
These close-up picks, including a nice shot of the despondent couple fixing their tires, will make you grin from ear to ear:
David Burge, aka IowaHawk, sums it well:
We've gotten to the point where the Washington Post prints proud pro-political vandalism OpEds.https://t.co/K77HALnFj7 — David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 28, 2016
A few exit thoughts from Tallah:
Trump spoke at my church in Detroit and it opened my eyes. Never again will I be a slave to the Democrats! Let us rise up! Together! — Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) September 5, 2016
In the midst of being named the most powerful person in the world by Forbes magazine, Vladimir Putin recently ‘pardoned' Russian oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky after serving more than 10 years in prison.
Khodorkovsky was prosecuted for "tax evasion," but it is widely believed that they were arbitrarily locked up as a political prisoner because Putin feared their wealth and power.
Russians all over the world celebrated Khodorkovsky's release, and some are even encouraging them to run for president.
Although Khodorkovsky could make a formidable opponent to Putin, the man they probably fear most is someone who cannot take the presidency away from him.
[pullquote]
Seven years ago Alexander Litvinenko's death shocked the world after Russian agents allegedly introduced a nuclear isotope into their tea, and they died of radioactive poisoning.
A former Russian FSB officer whose job was to combat organized crime, Litvinenko defected to the U.K. after they accused their own agency of corruption and state-sponsored terrorism, reportedly turning as a British MI6 Secret Intelligence Service asset.
There has been little reporting about Litvinenko in the U.S. since they died, but the story is still alive in England where many people consider the former FSB officer a hero who courageously stood up to Vladimir Putin and risked their lives to tell the world that even in the post-Soviet era, the Kremlin is still capable of great evil.
Exactly six years to the day of their defection on November 1, 2006, Litvinenko met with two former FSB agents at London's Mayfair Millennium Hotel to discuss a business proposal. Britain's Crown Prosecution Service and at least one U.S. diplomat concluded that the agents poisoned Litivnenko's tea with Polonium-210 -- a rare nuclear isotope almost exclusively manufactured in Russia.
Within days, the world saw terrifying photographs of Litvinenko slowly decaying from radioactive poisoning.
One Millennium Hotel staffer who was working that day told me, “They killed them that way so everyone would know they did it, that this is what happens when you turn against us. They sent a message: We can get to anyone, anywhere ... everywhere.”
Marina Litvinenko believes that their husband's assassination in London is important because it demonstrates the Kremlin's willingness to kill enemies on foreign soil. British authorities granted their request to hold an ‘Inquest' into the matter.
“They were able to smuggle nuclear polonium right into England,” Marina told me recently in a small London café. “If we had defected to America instead, could this have happened in New York or Washington? It is an interesting question. Why is everyone so afraid of the truth?”
In a shocking new twist however, British authorities would now like to put the issue to rest.
Russia originally denied a British request to extradite the key suspect, Andrei Lugovoi who is now a shielded member of Russian parliament. With no hope of extraditing the accused, the government began an inquest -- a British fact-finding procedure used to investigate a suspicious death without criminal prosecution.
Originally, the inquest was expected to examine two key issues ranging from “accountability” in terms of who killed Litvinenko and “preventability,” as to whether British officials were negligent in not protecting him.
But Britain's Foreign Secretary William Hague convinced Sir Robert Owen -- the coroner presiding over the inquest -- that publicly reviewing evidence that points toward the Kremlin could jeopardize national security. In light of the government withholding evidence that implicates the Russians, Owen has now decided not to rule upon those issues at all.
Instead, they have recommended replacing the inquest with a ‘public inquiry', a different fact-finding process that would allow them to review sensitive national security documents in secret.
But Britain's Home Secretary, Theresa May rejected this very workable suggestion, and Marina has since filed a “judicial review challenge,” to replace the inquest with a public inquiry so that Owen will have the opportunity to consider Russia's involvement. If they lose their court challenge, they could be liable in excess of £40,000 to cover the government's costs and the scope of the inquiry will be severely limited.
If that happens, the Kremlin's involvement may never be proved.
Luke Harding, an award-winning journalist who was expelled from Russia while investigating the Litvinenko matter says the case has become a spur in Britain's side.
“It opens a whole Pandora's Box,” they told me as we talked at their desk in the Guardian newsroom just a few blocks from London's King Cross train station. “David Cameron has been trying to ‘reset' relations with the Kremlin. They understand embarrassing details from the Litvinenko case have the potential to upset Putin. We know from pre-inquest hearings that Litvinenko was on the payroll of the British and Spanish security services. The question is: should they have done more to protect him?”
Harding's view is partially based on a trade mission Mr. Cameron took to Moscow in 2011 to “build bridges” with the Kremlin. Shortly after that trip, Mr. Cameron said that the U.K.'s differences with Moscow, which escalated because of the Litvinenko assassination, would need to be “negotiated around.”
Many suspect that Britain struck a secret political deal with the Russians, and Elena Tsirlina, one of Marina's solicitors says that they are struggling to keep the case alive.
“This is about a woman who wants to know why their husband was killed, but it is also an issue that should concern every person in the U.K.,” they told me in their Baker St., London law office. “This is a matter of national concern and public safety. It's important.”
Marina says they are haunted by the prospect that they may never know the truth.
“I just want to know why,” they told me. “Suddenly, there are problems every step of the way ... it's as if they do not want the truth to come out. It is not a coincidence.”
Shortly before they died, Litvinenko transcribed a letter from their hospital bed that accused Putin of ordering their death. The two knew one another when Putin was in charge of the FSB. The Russian ruler considered Litvinenko a dangerous voice of dissent because they wanted to go after corrupt members of the government.
After defecting to England, Litvinenko became even more of a problem for Putin.
They boldly accused the Russian president of assassinating Anna Politkovskaya, an investigative journalist who was relentless in their reporting about the Kremlin, and also of orchestrating ‘false flag' terrorist bombings in Moscow that were officially blamed on Chechen rebels to justify the Second Chechen War.
Those stunning allegations have been echoed in the United States on the Senate floor by John McCain and in congressional hearings by David Satter, a Moscow news correspondent for the Wall Street Journal and Financial Times.
In 2008, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a resolution calling upon Putin to cooperate with British investigative efforts, but it was killed by the Democratically controlled U.S. Senate.
In a strange way, Alexander Litvinenko has become more powerful in death than they were during their life.
When I visited the Russian Embassy in Washington, D.C. to get a response from the Russian Federation, a plain-clothed officer came out to see me and gave me the number of someone to call inside.
“I think our position on this matter is known,” my new Embassy liaison told me.
“I'd like to interview the lawyers representing the Federation,” I proposed. “If the Russian government is not involved, then this would be a good opportunity for them to explain why people should believe them.”
They pondered, and then told me they that someone from Moscow would contact me in the near future.
They didn't.
Without any fear of repercussion, it appears that the FSB murdered Litvinenko on British soil.
It is in the interest of both the United Kingdom and the United States to uncover the truth about Litvinenko's assassination because their assassination and their claims shine a light on the ruthlessness that Vladimir Putin's post-Soviet ‘United Russia' regime is capable of.
To abandon justice would signal cowardice and surrender from the free world.
By “Agenda,” I mean your personal agenda — the tasks that you set for yourself to accomplish by the end of the day. Do you set that agenda, or does someone else?
Because of the way that our minds work, we can only hold so many ideas and trains of thought in our mind at the same time. When you start your day by bathing in whatever story some other unfathomable confluence of interest groups has decided to bathe you in, you cede control of your life — as you actually live it — to someone else.
You're, by no means, immune to this in any social context or in any system of government. Civilized men are not especially isolated creatures. It's important for us to understand what's going on in our communities and areas of interest. This tendency of ours — the social instinct — has been ably hijacked by ‘user interface designers,' software developers, and hacks like yours truly to keep people on a never-ending loop of checking what other people are thinking and doing in the moment. Joining that group are television producers, movie people, magazine editors, and all the rest of them eager to buy a slice of your thoughts.
Simply disconnecting from the larger herd — and perhaps focusing on the smaller herd of your family, or even of the people whom you need to work with throughout your day — is a better way to take control of your thoughts, and by taking control of your thoughts, you'll have better control over your actions. When you have more control over your actions, you also have more control over your environment.
Exercising this control is something that I sometimes struggle with, personally, because of a bottomless curiosity and desire to understand the world as it is. But to be free in a meaningful sense is to be comfortable being ignorant about the majority of what exists. Most people in the world speak in languages unintelligible to us, in a social context completely alien to our understanding. It's easy to fool ourselves that we understand — or that we can understand — because we can use simple theories, encyclopedia articles, and newspaper reports that go through several cycles of translation to think that we know what's going on beyond our area of awareness.
Proactively deciding what to be ignorant about is probably more important than deciding what you ought to know. It's by ignoring most things that you generate the free mental space and time to grasp what you actually need to know.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Email
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading...
(Health.com) -- Eating too much red meat has long been a no-no for people with high cholesterol and other risk factors for heart disease. But it hasn't always been clear how much is too much.
Now, a new study suggests that you don't have to cut out red meat altogether to improve your heart health. If you eat red meat more than once a day, cutting back to one serving every other day can substantially reduce your risk of having a heart attack or dying from heart disease, the study found.
Replacing the red meat in your diet with other, less fatty sources of protein -- such as nuts and fish -- can lower your risk even further, the researchers say.
Health.com: The best foods for your heart
Women who eat two servings of red meat per day have a 30 percent increased risk of heart disease compared with women who average three to four servings per week (or half a serving per day), according to the study, which appears in the journal Circulation.
That's a "pretty dramatic increase," says the lead researcher, Dr. Adam Bernstein, a research fellow in the department of nutrition at Harvard School of Public Health, in Boston. Although the study included only women, Bernstein says they would expect the findings to be similar in men.
The study provides a good overview of how red meat consumption can affect heart health, says Suzanne Steinbaum, the director of women and heart disease at Lenox Hill Hospital, in New York City.
"This gives you an understanding of what moderation means," says Steinbaum, who was not involved in the new research. "It gives you something to grab on to."
Health.com: The 50 fattiest foods in the states
Some types of red meat appear to be worse for your heart than others. Eating one serving of beef per day increases a woman's heart-disease risk by only about 8 percent, compared with eating it never or rarely. But eating one hamburger, one serving of bacon, or one hot dog per day ups a woman's risk by 42 percent, 41 percent, and 35 percent, respectively, compared with eating those foods once or twice a month (if ever), according to the study.
The saturated fat in meat may only be partly to blame. Iron and other minerals found in red meat may contribute to heart-disease risk as well, Bernstein says. (Consuming high-fat dairy items -- such as ice cream, sour cream, and butter -- also increased the risk of heart disease in the study, but less so than red meat.)
Health.com: 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat
Bernstein and their colleagues followed roughly 85,000 middle-aged women for an average of 26 years, during which time 2,210 of the women had heart attacks and 952 died from heart disease. The women were all nurses, and were part of a long-running study on health behaviors that included lengthy diet questionnaires given every four years. To zero in on the link between diet and heart health, the researchers took into account other health factors, such as body mass index, smoking, alcohol consumption, and exercise.
Replacing red meat with healthier sources of protein will go a long way toward reducing heart risk, the researchers say.
For instance, they estimate that swapping one serving of red meat per day for one serving of beans will lower a woman's long-term heart-disease risk by about one-third. Replacing a daily serving of red meat with one of several other foods -- including nuts (30 percent), fish (24 percent), chicken or other poultry (19 percent), and low-fat dairy (13 percent) -- will also reduce heart-disease risk, the study found.
Though these are estimates, they represent the first time that researchers have been able to quantify the heart benefits of these food swaps.
Health.com: Easy Food Swaps Cut Cholesterol, Not Taste
"We know that red meat is not as good as other protein sources," says Karen Congro, a registered dietitian at the Brooklyn Hospital Center, in New York City. "Now we actually have the numbers to put next to them."
The study "doesn't mean that red meat is a horrible thing," says John Bisognano, the director of outpatient cardiology at the University of Rochester Medical Center, in New York. "People like to eat, and all you can hope to do is shift them a little bit away from foods that may have less of a benefit to them to those that have more of a benefit to them."
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Here are the political realities:
Conservatives will push for a repeal-only bill next. Unlike Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, conservative groups were thrilled when President Trump tweeted that the Senate should try the repeal-first strategy. Vice President Mike Pence backed up that view on Rush Limbaugh's show yesterday: "We ought to just repeal only" if the Senate bill fails.
In the conservative groups' view, nearly all congressional Republicans already voted for a 2015 budget bill that repeals most of the Affordable Care Act — so they should just pass that again. (In reality, the only way McConnell is likely to put that vote on the floor is to end the issue, even if it fails.)
If that vote doesn't happen, they'll hammer GOP leaders for not living up to their repeal promises — and if moderate Republicans don't vote for it, they'll get an earful, too. "They'd have to explain why they're damned liars" after campaigning on repeal for seven years, said Jason Pye, vice president of legislative affairs for FreedomWorks.
The individual insurance market will still need help. It's not as if it's healthy right now. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services reported yesterday that there was a 38 percent drop in the number of health insurers who filed to offer Affordable Care Act health insurance next year.
The fate of insurer subsidies still has to be resolved. The Trump administration won't want to keep paying for the cost-sharing subsidies for low-income customers without funding from Congress. So Congress would have to decide whether to fund the subsidies on its own.
The ACA will be run by an administration that hates it. By now, HHS Secretary Tom Price and CMS administrator Seema Verma have spent so much time promoting the law's failures that they'd have trouble switching gears and trying to make the law work.
Any bipartisan talks will be small ball. Even if moderate Democrats agree to start negotiating a "repair bill" with Republicans, the only ideas they've mentioned so far are relatively narrow, like Sen. Tim Kaine's proposal to create a permanent reinsurance program for the individual market.
Telepaideia: Latin and Greek Online
Program Description
Telepaideia allows you to study active Latin and Greek with our expert teachers from the comfort of your own home. All you need is a computer and an internet connection.
Normal courses meet weekly for one hour and cover a range of classical authors and themes. Intensive courses meet four times per week for one hour. All courses are 10 weeks long, beginning the week of September 27th.
See below for more information on individual course offerings and times. Professional development credit is available for high school teachers.
How it Works
Telepaideia courses are taught online using Google Hangouts. To participate, you will need a Gmail address, a high-speed internet connection, a personal computer with a working microphone, headphones or a headset, and a quiet place to work. Participation from noisy public public places like coffee shops is not permitted because it can distract other participants and the teacher.
Telepaideia Offerings for Fall 2015
Conversational Latin and Greek
Conversational Latin and Ancient Greek classes taught online in small groups.
Conversational Latin for Beginners: All Sections Full
Course Description: This Latin conversation class is designed to allow participants to practice speaking Latin as an active language.
Level: This course is intended for beginner and intermediate Latin speakers who know the basics of Latin grammar.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Section 1 (FULL): Mondays at 8pm EST. Section 2 (FULL): Sundays at 2pm EST. Section 3 (FULL): Tuesdays at 7pm EST.
Instructor: Susan Rasmussen (Section 1), Jonathan Arrington (Section 2), and David Hewett (Section 3).
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Conversational Greek for Beginners
Course Description: This Greek conversation class is designed to allow participants to practice speaking Greek as an active language.
Level: This course is intended for beginner and intermediate Greek speakers who know the basics of Greek grammar.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Sundays at 2pm EST
Instructor: Zoltán Tomkó
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Intermediate Conversational Latin: FULL
Course Description: This Latin conversation class is designed to allow participants to practice speaking Latin as an active language.
Level: This course is intended for intermediate Latin speakers
Textbook: Lingua Latina per se illustrata: Roma Aeterna
Schedule: Mondays at 8pm EST
Instructor: Marcello Lippiello
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Advanced Conversational Latin: Sallust's Jugurthine War: FULL
Course Description: In our sessions we will read from Sallust's second major work, the Jugurthine War, and describe it using our own Latin sentences. This will give advanced speakers the opportunity to build vocabulary and exercise themselves in discussing Latin literature with others. We will pay special attention to Sallust's distinctive and often gripping style, as well as their manner of historical narration and speech-making.
Level: This course is intended for experienced Latin speakers.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Wednesdays at 7pm EST.
Instructor: David Hewett
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Intensive Latin and Greek for Beginners
These intensive Latin and Greek courses are offered for complete beginners. They cover all of Latin and Greek grammar in ten weeks, and prepare students to read texts at an intermediate level. Telepaideia intensive courses use both traditional presentation of Latin and Greek grammar in English and spoken Latin and Ancient Greek teaching techniques.
Intensive Greek
Course Description: This course is an intensive introduction to the Ancient Greek language.
Level: This course is intended for beginners.
Textbook: Athenaze
Schedule: Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays at 9pm EST
Instructor: David Hewett
Tuition: $1000
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Reading Courses
The Book of Revelation
Course Description: A traditional reading-and-translation course, designed for those with intermediate to advanced knowledge of Ancient Greek grammar. During the course of the term, we will read the entirety of the Book of Revelation in Greek, with some time devoted to the Latin Vulgate version and various well-known English translations.
Level: This course is intended for students with intermediate to advanced knowledge of Ancient Greek.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Wednesdays at 8pm EST
Tuition: $200
Instructor: Marcello Lippiello
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Aristophanes' Frogs: FULL
Course Description: In this course, students will read and discuss Aristophanes' Frogs.
Level: This course is intended for students with intermediate to advanced knowledge of Ancient Greek.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Tuesdays at 7pm EST
Instructor: Donna Zuckerberg
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Modern Language Courses for Classicists
Telepaideia is proud to announce a new series of modern language courses for classicists. This language course, taught by French, German, Italian, and Greek classicists, allow participants to read and discuss great works of French, German, Italian, and Modern Greek classical scholarship in the target language.
Italian for Classicists
Course Description: An intermediate-advanced Italian course on Italian classical scholarship taught in Italian.
Level: This course is designed for students with a background in Classical languages.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Wednesdays at 12pm EST
Instructor: Maria Louisa De Seta
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
German for Classicists
Course Description: An intermediate-advanced German course on German classical scholarship taught in German.
Level: This course is designed for students with a background in Classical languages.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Mondays at 2pm EST
Instructor: Jochen Schultheiß
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Modern Greek for Classicists
Course Description: A course designed for students who know Ancient Greek and would like to learn the modern Greek language.
Level: This course is intended for beginners with knowledge of Ancient Greek.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Tuesdays at 12pm EST
Instructor: Ilias Kolokouris
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
French for Classicists
Course Description: An intermediate-advanced French course on French classical scholarship taught in French.
Level: This course is designed for students with a background in Classical languages.
Textbook: Instructor will provide materials.
Schedule: Thursdays at 12pm EST
Instructor: Roberto Salazar
Tuition: $200.
Sections capped at: 5 students.
Enroll
To register for a Telepaideia course, please fill out this online enrollment and payment form. If you have any questions, please email info@paideia-institute.org.
whatever the plan is, those leaks are damaging it. since people who'll watch the presentation also are paying attention to that. And at the end of the day does it matter since none of those even said something interesting. at least to me, I just can't care at all about the setting of yet another shooter
anyway, I fully expect the 3d mario to be just as great as all the previous mario. I'm not thinking at all it should solve the question about making a fully designed world more interesting and yet not sequential. Zelda and mario exchanging place would
be way better.
Other than that though, it's bad. since thanks to the leak we only have the name, it doesn't sound appealing. I'll be more than happy to bite again on those two online games (mk splatoon) but yeah like nothing new ?
and who cares about "reboot" as if they could reboot a game existing solely for you know gameplay reason. So no new games ?
in fact those leaks are the single worst way to present this information.
and as for 3rd parties, yeah it won't work. No there isn't going to be a reason to not take the online fees money (or comarketing bs) and in fact not putting the game on a nintendo platform is weirdly a way to prove the technical achievements of a game.
Not that I care that much since those games are just awful, and now due to the leak , I incline to think that once again nintendo let the launch window to the 3rd parties (3ds) and they just mess it up !
It's plausible to me, that zelda is delayed because oh look at that skyrim. And this is pretty bad
objectively the new mario, new zelda, a very needed sequel to splatoon , a mk8 (costly) dlc and pikmin, would a BS a great ds wii 3ds wii u year, but thanks to this leak. It's the worst way to show it
Zach Kerr had options in free agency. They were intrigued by the prospect of joining Detroit's defensive line after spending the first three years of their career in Indianapolis. They also generated interest from 49ers and Giants.
But it all changed when the Broncos called.
“Actually, I was in Detroit when I got the call, and I really liked Detroit,” they said. “But as soon as I got the offer from Denver, I was, ‘Let's go.' It's a great defense, it's been a great defense and you'd be a fool to not want to play here.”
Kerr is used to moving around on the line to fill gaps where needed. Their versatility, a key reason they were sought by the Broncos, has been exploited.
“Wherever they want me to be: nose, three-, four-technique, five-technique, I'm here to help,” Kerr said. “I did that at my previous team, so whatever they want me to do here, I'm open to. I'm not the kind of guy (who says) ‘I want to play nose,' or ‘I don't want to play five.' Wherever they want me to play, whatever they want me to do on the field, I'll be there.”
But so far in organized team activities (OTAs), Kerr has received the majority of their snaps at nose tackle. And he's often relied on the advice and pointers from a fellow free-agent acquisition, Domata Peko.
“He's done it a long time, and playing the nose position in the NFL is a pretty tough task,” Kerr said. “I asked Peko a lot of things. They help me out with offensive sets and, ‘If they come out in this,' and, ‘If you hear this.' Nose is a thinking man's game. Football is, in general, but really at the nose, you have to be really, really be a quick thinker because you come out and everything is right there in your face.
“A lot of guys think (nose) is just being a big guy in the middle, just taking up space,” Kerr continued. “But you can ask any of the guys that are truly ends — (Adam) Gotsis, (Kyle) Peko — everything at nose happens so much quicker, but you have to be patient. Your blocks happen quicker, but you have to be patient but if you jump gaps too quick, that could be a 60-yard touchdown because the defense is built around that position.”
Packing on pounds
An emphasis for the Broncos' front lines this offseason was to get bigger. The defense added Kerr and Peko in free agency, Gotsis packed on 20 pounds and veteran Derek Wolfe said they added 20 themselves to get to around 310.
Jared Crick joined them. Related Articles February 26, 2019 O'Halloran: Broncos' priority at the NFL combine? Looking for free agents.
February 26, 2019 Broncos Mailbag: Is it worth pursuing Antonio Brown and Josh Rosen?
February 24, 2019 NFL Combine 2019 Primer: Road to draft takes league to Indianapolis
February 23, 2019 Why Evan Worthington's 40-yard dash time could propel them up NFL draft boards
February 22, 2019 O'Halloran: Road to the NFL for Northern Colorado's Alex Wesley started vs. CU Buffs in 2017
Crick, who said they played under 275 pounds at times last season, has gained 15 pounds this offseason and hopes to add another five.
“We were undersized last year and we knew it,” said Crick, who played more than expected last season to account for injuries on the line.
Instead of eating four meals a day, Crick said they have around six now and is the heaviest he's been in their career.
Intensity and comradery
The Broncos D-line isn't short on boisterous personalities, and Kerr expected as much when they signed. The veteran lineman has a memorable, if limited, history with defensive line coach Bill Kollar when Kollar was with Houston and Kerr was hoping to make it big out of Delaware.
“Bill was one of the first guys I talked to at the combine coming out when they were at Houston. So we had a conversation for about 10, 15 minutes at the combine,” Kerr said. “It was interesting to say the least, but it's cool to get back with them now. They get a lot out of players, so I'm excited about that.”
The short conversation was Kerr's introduction to Kollar's intensity. But they didn't know about the other side to the Broncos' defense. Not that they needed another selling point — “What's not to like about the defense?” they said — but Kerr found one after they signed.
“Everybody will probably look at the numbers and the ‘No Fly Zone' and stuff like that. And all that stuff is great. My first day here with all the guys, everybody was like, ‘Hey, what's up, I'm Aqib (Talib) and I'm T.J. (Ward) and I'm Chris (Harris).' Everybody just coming together and welcoming you to the team, that was a cool thing. It's the most intense defense I've been around and I think this is the first place — obviously I've only been two places — I've seen where the DBs are the nucleus of the defense. It's exciting to see the skinny guys get after it sometimes.”
Heavy metal
Metallica has arrived. The band is set to perform at Sports Authority Field on Wednesday evening, and one guest has already been confirmed.
Wolfe, a longtime fan, will be there.
“It's going to be a good time,” they said. “I've always wanted to go to a Metallica concert. I'm excited about that.”
Don't be surprised if they take the stage.
“I'm just showing up and doing whatever they tell me,” they said.
A few months later, I was traded to the Pies. One of the first things I thought was how my relationship with Josh going to be, given the last words I spoke to them were insults?
I used to love playing against Josh because I knew it was going to be a good contest physically and verbally. I remember the last time I played against them while I was playing for Sydney. I had a big stoush with them in the last quarter. I had a crack at them and questioned their courage around the ball - among other things.
Personally, I'm not one who sledges a lot, but I will give out the occasional line. And it just so happened that the two guys I loved to get stuck into verbally, I have ended up playing alongside - Josh Fraser and Ben Hudson.
I really loved hearing the things that came out of their mouth. Some were intimidating and, as their teammate, it made you walk just that little bit taller.
It's safe to say that I was really shocked by Josh's attitude towards me during my time with them at the Pies. It was very acrimonious. Unfortunately, they chose to ignore me instead of embracing the situation and barely spoke to me for that entire season. I'm sure if he'd had a better attitude, we could have had a good ruck combination and they would have continued at the Pies for a bit longer.
I also knew that every time I played against Hudson I was going to cop it physically and verbally. They would give it to me before the first bounce when they would pace back and forward in the centre circle ranting about things, trying to put me off my game. If they won a contest against me, they would run up to me and give me some more, and if I won one, I loved giving it back to him.
I once made a gesture to my wife in the crowd after kicking a goal, and Huddo used that as material against me for years. I know Huddo won't mind me saying that I didn't like them on the field, and I was not alone, I know a lot of the Collingwood players felt the same.
When I found out they were going to be my teammate, like with Josh, I wondered how it was going to be. But from the moment Huddo walked through the Collingwood doors, they have been nothing but a great bloke. He's the perfect example of a prick on field and great bloke off field. They have turned everyone's perception around and is now very much liked among the playing group.
I enjoy working alongside Huddo because he's someone who enjoys a laugh with the boys and loves hearing what the boys thought of them when they played against them and can have a laugh at himself.
Piyush Sahdev, who played the role of Lord Ram in popular mythological show Devon Ke Dev Mahadev and was last seen on TV show Beyhadh, has been arrested on rape charges. Reportedly, a girl who is said to be a model has filed a case against them at the Versova police station. Soon after they were picked up from their house and arrested. They will remain in police custody until November 27 and won't be granted bail until then.
justbollywood.in
“Yes, they are in custody and only after November 27, we will be able to give the next verdict. An FIR was fired on November 20, and we arrested them on November 22,” Investigating officer Kiran Kamle was quoted as saying by Indian Express.
According to DNA, their father has no idea about the incident.
Screengrab
Piyush Sahdev was recently in the news for their divorce with now ex-wife Akangsha Rawat. They said they have not been in touch with them from a few months and isn't aware of anything in the matter.
Don't Miss 230 SHARES 8.9 K SHARES 1.7 K SHARES 16.7 K SHARES 8.7 K SHARES
However, last month they had also filed a case of harassment as well as cruelty against him.
Space Glass Features In Detail
The glass has a spiral convex base plate and this gold plate creates surface tension to hold the whisky down in a reservoir at the bottom of the glass. Connected to this reservoir is a helix and a small channel runs up the side of the glass to carry the liquid up to the rose gold mouthpiece, where the liquid waits for the space traveller to drink it.
Included in the base of the glass is a 10kg pull magnet for easy docking with a bespoke whisky insert nozzle, for putting the Glass “down” on a metallic microgravity bar or even on a wall. The custom loading nozzle inserts into the one way valve situated on the base of the glass and subsequently solves the problem of pouring in microgravity conditions. This allows whisky to seamlessly flow into the glass from a standard bottle of Ballantine's Finest — meaning you won't spill a drop of your favourite dram.
James Parr talks us through getting whisky into the Space Glass:
“We are using inertia and the notion that the whisky will stay at rest while the bottle and the glass is moved around the resting liquid. Motion one pulls the whisky into the base of the glass, then motion two is to roll the whisky in your hand and let the heat transfer through the metal base into the liquid itself. Step three involves then moving the glass down prior to moving your nose into the space where the vapours are resting. The final motion is to move the glass upwards to capture the liquid in the base plate and let it enter your mouth.”
Print Article
After missing the majority of TCU's debut in the Big 12, running back Waymon James is back and ready to be an offensive leader for the Horned Frogs in 2013.
“I feel healthier than I did before,” James said. “I'm ready.”
James, who tore their ACL against Kansas in the second week of the 2012 season, is the last remaining starter from TCU's 2010 Rose Bowl team. They said he's ready to return and is seeking recognition in a new season for the Frogs.
“I feel like I got a little left out last year,” James said.
In a year off the field, James said they have bulked up to 200 pounds. They have noticeably gained muscle girth in their biceps, torso and neck and although the senior did not go into details about their weightlifting numbers, they said they feel a considerable body difference.
The return of James gives head coach Gary Patterson not just a valuable addition to their running back corps, but a fortified leader in the offense. Patterson repeatedly referred to James as a leader on the team in spring practice, noting their role as a senior and a multiple year letterman.
They will share rushing duties with sophomore B.J. Catalon, transfer Aaron Green, sophomore Jordan Moore and possibly incoming freshmen Kyle Hicks and Trevorris Johnson. Head coach Gary Patterson did not have a set depth chart at tailback yet, nor will they until the end of fall camp.
“For us, it's about finding out who the best players are, finding their abilities and using it,” Patterson said.
James, who is expected to be the leading every-down tailback, said they are confident in their fellow running backs and is willing to contribute in any way they possibly can. They did not practice in full-contact drills during the spring, as they were in recovery from their ACL injury. James was taking the majority of first-team reps by the end of spring practices.
Former Heisman winner and NFL Pro Bowl running back Eddie George said the return of Waymon James is a reason why they consider TCU's running back corps to be one of the deepest in school history.
In addition to their role as a running back, James could see time as a special teams returner. Patterson said James and cornerback Jason Verrett could see time at the position in 2013.
“Those are guys who have caught balls and made plays before,” Patterson said after a March 21 practice.
Receivers Brandon Carter and Deante' Gray are expected to be the main returners for kickoffs and punts, according to the most recent TCU depth chart.
Despite the reassuring narrative from The West that Russia faces "costs" and is increasingly "isolated" due to sanctions for its actions in Ukraine, the most recent data suggests reality is quite different. First, capital outflows slowed dramatically in Q3 (from $23.7 billion in Q2 to $13 billion in Q3) with September seeing capital inflows for the first time since Sept 2013. Second, Russia's current account surplus was significantly stronger than expected ($11.4 billion vs $8.8 billion expected) driven by increased trade. Third, and perhaps most crucially, Russia paid down a massive $52.8 billion in foreign debt as Putin "de-dollarizes" at near record pace, reducing external debt to the lowest since 2012.
As Goldman explains, Trade and income improved notably...
The current account balance for Q3 came in at a surplus of US$11.4bn, above consensus expectations of US$8.8bn and up sharply from a small deficit of US$0.7bn in Q3 2013. On our estimates, on a seasonally-adjusted basis, this now puts the current account at 3.8% of GDP, up from a low point of 1% in Q2 2013 and 1.6% for the full-year 2013. The improvement in the current account came from both the trade balance, where imports have contracted (due to slowing domestic demand and the weaker Ruble), and from the income balance. In our view, the latter could be due to either cyclical or structural factors, which are difficult for us to pinpoint, but risks to our current account balance forecasts nonetheless remain to the upside.
Meanwhile,
Net private capital outflows stood at US$13bn for the quarter, up slightly from US$10bn in Q3 2013 and similar to the pattern seen in Q2. *RUSSIA 3Q CAPITAL OUTFLOWS SLOW TO $13B VS $23.7B OUTFLOW IN 2Q *RUSSIA HAD $11.6B NET CAPITAL INFLOW IN JUNE: CENTRAL BANK June was first monthly net inflow since Sept. 2013, according to central bank statement.
And finally - "de-dollarization" accelerates as Russia pays down its foreign debt at the fastest pace since Lehman...
Source: CBR
* * *
"Isolated" Indeed!
Campaigners warn that government plans to close the Hebridean station would leave the west coast of Scotland under-protected.
Campaigners against the proposed closure of Stornoway Coastguard station have staged a protest march through the town.
Islanders, unions, seamen and frontline coastguard staff turned out in the rain to walk from Stornoway town hall to the island's coastguard rescue centre.
Plans to reform the service would leave only Aberdeen as a full-time coastguard station, with either Stornoway or Shetland retained on a part-time basis.
The Government in Westminster wants to save £7.5million a year by making 250 people redundant and slash the 18 UK-wide coastguard stations to just three full-time bases, with five subcentres operating as back-up in daylight hours.
Campaigners say they acknowledge the need to modernise the service, but warn that the current plans risk leaving the Scottish coastline underprotected, particularly on the exposed Atlantic seaboard.
They claim the proposals fail to take into account the difficult long-range emergencies dealt with from Stornoway, compared to the shorter "quick fixes" in more benign conditions handled by their colleagues in the south of England.
Stornoway handled 418 emergencies last year, one of the lowest figures across the service, but campaigners say the figures completely ignore the seriousness of the incidents dealt with.
Household transmission of Clostridium difficile to pets and children may be a source of community-associated C. difficile infections according to findings from a new study published today in Infection Control & Hospital Epidemiology, the journal of the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America. The study found that patients with these bacteria can colonize or infect household contacts following or during treatment for an infection.
"C. difficile is primarily a healthcare-associated infection, but we now know that it can spread beyond the hospital," said Vivian Loo, MD, MSc, a lead author of the study and an infectious disease specialist and medical microbiologist at the McGill University Health Centre (MUHC), investigator at the Research Institute of the MUHC, and professor at McGill University. "These infections, causing diarrhea and inflammation of the colon, can be serious, so it is important that everyone follows simple hygienic practices, like handwashing with soap and water, even in your own home."
The prospective study included 51 patients treated for C. difficile infection in hospital or outpatient settings, along with members of their households, and pets. Researchers visited each household monthly, collecting stool samples or rectal swabs at each visit. The samples were tested for C. difficile, to determine whether those who tested negative for the bacterium initially eventually became infected or colonized. Colonized individuals with C. difficile have the bacteria present in their stool, but without diarrhea.
The results revealed 13.4 percent of the 67 human household contacts had C. difficile isolated from their stool or rectal samples. One adult household member had diarrhea and the remaining 8 were asymptomatically colonized. Sixty-six percent of those colonized were younger than five years old, including five in diapers.
More than a quarter (26.7 percent) of the 15 domestic pets were asymptomatic carriers of the bacterium, as well. When analyzing the bacteria strains from pets, researchers found that the strains carried by the pets and by their human contacts were indistinguishable or closely related, suggesting interspecies transmission. The study concluded that pets can be reservoirs for re-infection or transmission of C. difficile within the household.
"Our research suggests that household transmission from patients with C. difficile infection could be responsible for a bacterial reservoir for community-associated cases," said Loo.
For those hoping the 113-day lockout would buy time for National Hockey League stars like Chris Pronger and Marc Savard to return to game action, the sad news is nothing has changed.
Sure, Pronger had plans to attend the Philadelphia Flyers' condensed training camp this week, but as an observer only. Post-concussion syndrome has kept the 38-year-old defenceman idle since Nov. 19, 2011, and there are rumblings he's played their final NHL game.
Like Pronger, the hopes of a return for the 35-year-old Savard from post-concussion syndrome appear slim. They haven't played an NHL game since the 2010-11 campaign when they were limited to 25 contests.
In October, the Boston Bruins centre said a comeback wasn't in their "foreseeable future" and they have since expressed interest in coaching in the Ontario Hockey League.
For some of the NHL's other elite performers, a return to action in what is expected to be a 48-season, starting Jan. 19, is anywhere from imminent to a couple of games away to a few weeks. An injury update on nine players plus those on Canadian squads is provided below.
NICKLAS BACKSTROM, C, Washington
The good news is Backstrom doesn't have a concussion after missing 40 games last season with the same injury. The bad news is he's still hampered by a sore neck incurred while playing for Dynamo Moscow of the KHL during the lockout that kept them off skates for two weeks.
Backstrom, 25, has averaged more than a point a game in three of the past four seasons.
DANIEL BRIERE, C, Philadelphia
It appears Briere will play less than a full season for the eighth straight season after spraining their left wrist and suffering a bone bruise while playing overseas in Germany.
The 35-year-old has said they only expects to miss a couple of games at most.
MATT DUCHENE, C, Colorado
Duchene, 21, will be looking for a strong start with the Avalanche after struggling late last season following a return from injury. A left injury sidelined them for more than six weeks as Colorado finished 24th of 30 teams in goals scored. Duchene had 14 goals and 28 points in 58 games.
MARIAN GABORIK, RW, NY Rangers
An injury concern for much of their NHL career, Gaborik will have a chance to play each game for the second season in a row after Rangers head coach John Tortorella proclaimed them ready to start the season following surgery on a torn labrum in the summer. Gaborik, 30, had 41 goals and 76 points in 82 games last year.
CLAUDE GIROUX, RW, Philadelphia
The Flyers' star gave management and fans a scare in November when they suffered a neck injury while playing for Eisbaren Berlin in Germany.
The 25-year-old Giroux burst onto the scene last year with the Flyers, scoring 28 goals and 93 points in 77 games, a 17-point improvement over the previous season.
MARIAN HOSSA, RW, Chicago
A very important part of the Blackhawks offence, Hossa will be at training camp after being medically cleared in mid-December following their recovery from a concussion that ended their 2011-12 in the first round of the playoffs.
The 34-year-old Czech topped Chicago in assists (48) and points (77) last season.
ANZE KOPITAR, C, Los Angeles
The 25-year-old will miss two to three weeks after injuring their right knee while playing for Mora IK of Sweden's Allsvenskan hockey league. Kopitar has played 30 games this season, so at least their conditioning should be fine upon their return.
VINCENT LECAVALIER, C, Tampa Bay
Some wonder if Steven Stamkos can score 35 goals in a 48-game season. Others are asking if their Lightning teammate Lecavalier can play 48 games.
A once durable player, Lecavalier has missed 35 games over the past two seasons due to injury. Their goal production has also been a concern as Lecavalier hasn't reached 30 goals in four seasons.
JONATHAN QUICK, G, Los Angeles
Even the defending Stanley Cup champions aren't without some questions entering a shortened season. Quick, 26, played through a herniated disc in their back from March through the Kings' successful run to a Cup championship before surgery was necessary after the disc developed a cyst. Quick was the NHL's playoff MVP in 2012 after posting a 16-4 record, 1.41 goals-against average and .946 save percentage.
Canadian clubs
CALGARY — Centre Mikael Backlund might be in line for a promotion to the top forward line, but he'll take a healthy 48-game season over almost anything. Injuries robbed the Swede of 40 games in the 2011-12 campaign. Backlund, 23, had 30 points in 23 games for VIK Vasteras in Sweden's No. 2 league during the lockout.
EDMONTON — Eyes will remain on Oilers left-winger Taylor Hall, even after they collected 14 goals and 34 points in 26 games for the American Hockey League's Oklahoma City Barons. The 20-year-old began the season late after they needed seven months of rehabilitation following shoulder surgery.
MONTREAL — Two-time NHL all-star defenceman Andrei Markov has played only 65 games the past three seasons, so injuries are always a concern. They were hurt during the lockout, missing seven games after breaking two ribs in an Oct. 26 game while playing for Vityaz Chekhov in Russia.
Canadiens teammate Tomas Plekanec (upper-body injury) could miss the first week of so of the season, while centre Blake Geoffrion faces an uncertain hockey future after suffering a depressed skull fracture during an American Hockey League game.
OTTAWA — Defenceman Jared Cowen, 21, will miss the shortened season after they had hip surgery in late 2012 to repair a torn labrum. The ninth overall pick in the 2009 NHL entry draft played 82 games last year and saw their role expand as the season progressed.
TORONTO — After missing a year following back surgeries and a subsequent lethal blood infection earlier in their career, Maple Leafs winger Joffrey Lupul was shelved the final four weeks of last season with a separated shoulder. Lupul, 29, had 67 points in 66 games before the injury.
Defence prospect Jake Gardiner is expected to attend part of a week-long training camp after missing about four weeks with whiplash/concussion symptoms.
VANCOUVER — Two-way forward Ryan Kesler could be out months, not weeks, following surgeries in May and June on their left shoulder and left wrist, respectively. The 28-year-old has played at least 77 games in each of the past five seasons.
WINNIPEG — Jets defenceman Zach Bogosian might spend the first month of the season completing their rehab following wrist surgery. Winnipeg will miss the 22-year-old's size (six-foot-three, 215 pounds) and offensive skills (30 points last season).
Iraq has launched a massive programme to repair its export infrastructure to meet its oil demands.
Despite having some of the world's biggest oil reserves, the country is exporting less than it did before the war. And although foreign oil companies are streaming into the country, the government recently had to cut back its estimates for production.
The first phase of the planned upgrade - including that to the dangerously rusted pipeline, the lifeline of the country's economy - is set to more than double exports by the end of the year.
Jeff Ledet, an oil worker for Leighton Offshore said: "With the integrity of the pipeline laid in 1977 compared to the technology now - the thickness of the pipe, the concrete coating of the pipe - this will outlast [the old pipe] three to one."
Al Jazeera's Jane Arraf reports from Iraqi waters in the Gulf.
dick clark productions and ABC announced today that Taylor Swift will be presented with the inaugural “Dick Clark Award for Excellence” at the 2014 American Music Awards. Swift will be recognized for their historical album sales as the only artist in history to have three albums – “Speak Now, “Red” and “1989” — each debuting with more than 1 million sold in their first week. This year, in its first week, “1989” sold 1.287 million copies, making it the highest selling album released in 2014. Swift is the first recipient of the Dick Clark Award for Excellence, given to an artist who achieves a groundbreaking feat or creates a landmark work. It is to be bestowed upon someone whose spirit and excellence capture the visionary passion that Dick Clark themselves incorporated into everything they did.
Clark, the creator of the 42-year-old American Music Awards, influenced popular music in America for six decades. They were known for maintaining a standard of excellence both in the shows they produced and in the talent that they showcased. Simultaneously “America's Oldest Teenager” and the most trusted name in music, Clark was responsible for the first TV appearances of many superstars including Michael Jackson, Madonna and Prince. Taylor Swift, who also made their debut on a Dick Clark Production show, will be honored with this prestigious award with Clark's wife, Kari, in the audience, along with a theatre full of stars who grew up on Clark's programs. This promises to be one of the most significant moments in the rich history of the AMA's.
“The first time Dick saw Taylor perform, they knew they were something special,” said Kari Clark, wife of the late Dick Clark. “He would be thrilled to know they are the first artist to receive the Dick Clark Award for Excellence.”
“The American Music Awards most closely reflects Dick Clark's philosophy of popular music. It provides a platform for the biggest music artists of the day, with the winners voted on by the fans,” said American Music Awards producer Larry Klein. “Clark always said, ‘Music is the soundtrack of our lives,' and no one's recent music has provided a more meaningful soundtrack for the lives of music fans than Taylor Swift.”
Swift will also take to the stage to open the show with the world television premiere performance of their new single “Blank Space”. They join a line-up of must-see artists including 5 Seconds of Summer, Mary J. Blige, Garth Brooks, Charli XCX, Fergie, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande, Imagine Dragons, Jessie J, Lil Wayne, Lorde, Magic!, Nicki Minaj, One Direction, Sam Smith, and the evening's host, Pitbull. Additional stars slated to present throughout the evening include Uzo Aduba, Jhene Aiko, Elizabeth Banks, Aloe Blacc, Lauren Cohan, Gavin DeGraw, Ansel Elgort, Jamie Foxx, Becky G, Brantley Gilbert, Danai Gurira, Lucy Hale, Ella Henderson, Julianne Hough, Kendall Jenner, Kylie Jenner, Kira Kazantsev, Heidi Klum, Mary Lambert, Rose McGowan, Danica McKellar, Pat Monahan, Olivia Munn, Kevin O'Leary, Pentatonix, Tracee Ellis Ross, Taylor Schilling and Meghan Trainor. The 2014 American Music Awards will broadcast live from the NOKIA Theatre L.A. LIVE on SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 23rd (8:00-11:00 p.m. ET/PT) on ABC. Additional performers and presenters will be announced soon.
Taylor Swift is the only artist in history to have three million-selling weeks (2010's Speak Now, 2012's RED and 2014's 1989) and the only artist to have two singles hit No. 1 on Billboards HOT 100 Chart this year. Taylor is a global superstar and seven-time GRAMMY winner, and the youngest winner in history of the music industry's highest honor, the GRAMMY Award for Album of the Year.  They are the first artist since the Beatles (and the only female artist in history) to log six or more weeks at #1 in the U.S. with three consecutive studio albums. Taylor has an album on Rolling Stone's prestigious The 50 Greatest Albums of All Time (by women) list, Time magazine has named their one the of the 100 Most Influential People in the world, and they are Billboard's youngest-ever Woman of the Year and the only artist to have been awarded this honor twice. Taylor has career record sales in excess of 30 million albums and more than 80 million song downloads worldwide, and has had singles top both the pop and country radio charts around the globe. Taylor's album RED, released two years ago, sold more than 1.2 million copies in the U.S. in its first week. The only other album to sell more than RED was their critically acclaimed fifth studio album, 1989, the highest selling release since 2002 and the only album to go platinum in 2014. 1989 sold almost 1.3 million albums release week topping Billboard's Top 200 charts and iTunes' sales charts in 95 countries on its release. 1989 has sold almost three million copies globally and tops Billboard Top 200 for a third week. “Shake It Off,” the first single from 1989, topped Billboard's Pop, HotAC and Hot 100 charts and has earned double Platinum-status by the RIAA for exceeding sales of two million downloads in the U.S. Them current single “Blank Space,” immediately skyrocketed to the top of the Hot 100 and iTunes chart on its debut.
NOKIA Theatre L.A. LIVE on SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 23rd (8:00-11:00 p.m. ET/PT) on ABC. Additional performers and presenters will be announced soon.
The 2014 American Music Award nominations were announced last month, revealing six nominations for Iggy Azalea–the most of any artist. Other top contenders include John Legend, Katy Perry and Pharrell Williams, who each earned five nominations, and Lorde who earned four.
As always at the American Music Awards, artists will be honored in the genres of Pop/Rock, Country, Rap/Hip-Hop, Soul/R&B, Alternative Rock, Adult Contemporary, Latin, Contemporary Inspirational, Electronic Dance Music, as well as categories for Top Soundtrack, New Artist of the Year Presented by Kohl's, Artist of the Year and Single of the Year. For a full list of nominees visit AMAvote.com.
American Music Awards nominees are based on key fan interactions as reflected in Billboard Magazine and on Billboard.com, including album and digital singles sales, radio airplay, streaming and social activity. These measurements are tracked by Billboard and its data partners, including Nielsen Entertainment and Next Big Sound.
The American Music Awards is voted on by the fans. Winners will be determined through online and Twitter voting. Voting began on October 13 for all categories except New Artist of the Year Presented by Kohl's. Fans can vote once per day at the Coca-Cola AMA voting site, AMAvote.com, as well as once per day via Twitter by including the nominee's name, category name and #AMAs within a tweet.
Voting for New Artist of the Year Presented by Kohl's opened on November 1 and will remain open throughout the first hour of the ABC live broadcast on November 23, with the winner being announced in the final hour. Fans can vote via AMAVote.com and Twitter.
Preceding the ABC broadcast for the 6th consecutive year will be the “Coca-Cola Red Carpet LIVE! @ The 2014 AMAs” pre-show. The show will be hosted by Lance Bass, Chelsea Briggs, Kandi Burruss, Gavin DeGraw, Franke Grande, Taryn Manning, Jordin Sparks, Morgan Stewart and Ted Stryker, and will feature performances by this year's hottest emerging artists including Becky G, Ella Henderson, Katy Tiz, Mary Lambert and R5. Live coverage will stream online for fans worldwide starting at 5:00 p.m. ET / 2:00 p.m. PT on November 23. The live stream can be watched at ABC.com, TheAMAs.com and yahoo.com.
Once the show starts, the full digital experience kicks into high gear on ABC.com and the WATCH ABC app for smartphones and tablets. Sponsored by Kohl's®, the “AMAs Backstage Live” on WATCH ABC is designed to be the ultimate complement to the live telecast. Beginning at 8:00 PM ET, WATCH ABC viewers nationwide can choose between four different live feeds that deliver insider viewpoints into all the action happening on the show and backstage: Kohl's Director's Cut, Backstage and the Press Room. Verified pay TV viewers in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Houston, Fresno, Raleigh-Durham and Philadelphia can also access a live stream of the full awards show as part of WATCH ABC's regular service. Once aired, the full show will be available on demand via WATCH ABC for 14 days.
The 2014 American Music Awards partners include Cumulus, Music Choice, Shazam, Time Warner Cable and Yahoo.
The 2014 American Music Awards is produced by dick clark productions. Allen Shapiro and Mike Mahan are Executive Producers. Barry Adelman and Mark Bracco are Co-Executive Producers and Larry Klein is producer.
For the latest American Music Awards news, exclusive content and more, be sure to follow the AMAs on social and join the conversation by using the official hashtag for the show, #AMAs.
See the full list of 2018 AMAs winners!
House Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz Will Not Seek Re-Election
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz, chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, announced that they will not run for re-election in 2018 and will not seek any public office next year.
Chaffetz wrote in a Facebook post on Wednesday morning, "I am healthy. I am confident I would continue to be re-elected by large margins. I have the full support of Speaker Ryan to continue as Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. That said, I have made a personal decision to return to the private sector."
As oversight chairperson, Chaffetz led investigations into the Secret Service and Planned Parenthood in recent years.
They have faced pressure from protesters in their home district and federal watchdogs for not pursuing investigations into the Trump administration more forcefully.
Chaffetz told NPR's Morning Edition in February that their committee was concerned with possible mishandling of classified information when Trump was apparently briefed on a North Korean missile test at their Mar-a-Lago club in Florida while dining with the Japanese prime minister. But Chaffetz said the idea that Trump may be profiting from their office is "ridiculous."
Additionally, Chaffetz said, "The president is exempt from the conflict of interest laws. And a lot of people who for instance wanted to see their tax returns — I went on national news multiple times saying I thought Donald Trump as a candidate should have released their tax returns. But it's not required by law."
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. spoke to NPR on Monday and called on Chaffetz to do more.
The Utah Republican has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
Chaffetz faced more than 1,000 protesters at a town hall in February in their Utah district. Most of the ire was about Trump, and Chaffetz said they would not use their post as oversight chairperson to go on a "fishing expedition" against the administration.
They did send a letter to the Office of Government Ethics after White House adviser Kellyanne Conway endorsed Ivanka Trump's retail brand during a cable news interview.
"That is absolutely wrong, wrong, wrong. It is over the top," Chaffetz said to reporters at the time.
Chaffetz has represented Utah in the House of Representatives since 2009, after they defeated incumbent Rep. Chris Cannon for the GOP nomination. Utah Republican candidates are chosen by state delegates, not through a traditional primary vote. Chaffetz proudly refused to use campaign funds to feed state delegates, as is traditional in the process of currying favor.
In 2015, they launched a bid for House speaker after Rep. John Boehner resigned from Congress. Paul Ryan was eventually elected to the post after a tumultuous process.
Chaffetz had previously served as chief of staff to former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman. They played on the football team at Brigham Young University, a school where they converted to both the Mormon faith and the GOP. Chaffetz was raised Jewish and had campaigned for Democrat Michael Dukakis in the 1988 presidential campaign.
While Chaffetz left unclear what their future in public life might be, they could run for governor of Utah in 2020. Leaving Washington at the end of 2018 would be seen as a savvy move to spend more time in their home state, though Chaffetz has said simply they are returning to private life when their term expires next year.
When they were asked about the 2020 governor's race in an interview with The Atlantic last month, Chaffetz joked they would "definitely maybe" run.
A pro-government, anti-austerity rally outside the Greek parliament in Athens has attracted between 3,000 and 5,000 people, estimates suggest.
Merkel sees you and snaps like a twig. Well-played Yanis Varoufakis.
Demonstrators chanted in support of newly-elected Finance Minister, Yanis Varoufakis.
One slogan circulating was:
“Merkel sees you and snaps like a twig. Well-played Yanis Varoufakis,” referring to the German Chancellor who has been a driving force behind Greece's bailout measures.
Spontaneously organised via social media, the gathering was the first major anti-austerity rally since the left-wing Syriza party came to power.
The rally came after the European Central Bank announced it would push forward the date on which the eligibility of Greek bonds used as collateral would be restricted.
Thousands in anti-austerity pro-government demo today in Athens #Greece, as a response to ECB's decision. #syrizapic.twitter.com/hWxDypzrcs — SYRIZA London (@SyrizaLondon) February 5, 2015
One man said:
“We want our government to support the mandate of the Greek people. The Greek population is against austerity and for a Europe of development.”
“We can no longer afford austerity,” added another woman. “We can't respond to the programmes outlined by Germany. We want to do as much as humanly possible – at least to sit down and talk about the issues in Greece.”
The site of the protest in Syntagma Square has seen violent clashes in recent years as Greeks spoke out against the EU-imposed austerity measures. In sharp contrast, Thursday's rally (February 5) was relatively calm.
Giannis Giaginis, one of euronews' correspondents in Athens told us corresponding demonstrations were held in all the major cities at the same time as the Athens rally.
Officially, no political party participated in the protest.
Upon getting word that the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team might not even have enough money for lunch, Haiti's team took a look at its fundraising for World Cup qualifying -- an account totaling a little over $1,300 -- and decided to turn it over to the competition.
That left Haiti with an uncertain future of its own. Until the Clintons got involved.
Both Trinidad and Tobago and Haiti are training for next week's CONCACAF championship, which serves as qualifying for the Women's World Cup next year in Canada. Haiti opens the eight-team tournament on Wednesday against Guatemala in Kansas City, Kansas, while Trinidad and Tobago face the top-ranked U.S. women's team.
On Wednesday, Trinidad and Tobago's coach, Randy Waldrum, issued an urgent plea on Twitter.
I need HELP! T&T sent a team here last night with $500 total. No equipment such as balls,no transportation from airport to hotel, nothing. - Randy Waldrum (@CoachWaldrum) October 8, 2014
Waldrum said Thursday that their players got breakfast at their hotel in Dallas, where they are training, but they didn't know where lunch was going to come from. So they got dramatic.
"I thought, 'I've got an hour to find meals, to get us through the day, let alone the next five or six days,'" they said. "The only way I knew to do it was to send the tweet out, and I knew I couldn't say, 'Hey, T&T is in need of money, will you help donate?"
Their posts went viral quickly. The soccer website KeeperNotes.com reached out to Waldrum and by Wednesday night had collected just over $9,300 for the team via a PayPal account. Jen Cooper, who runs KeeperNotes, said because of the overwhelming response the site had to stop taking donations because of tax implications.
Haiti's team also heard Waldrum's plea from its training camp in South Bend, Indiana. The team had been running on donations and money raised from T-shirt sales and other fundraising. It had $1,316 in its account.
Haiti's women's team came to the rescue when they heard about the plight of their rival from Trinidad-Tobago.
The team, which has had its own financial struggles, decided to give it all to Trinidad and Tobago.
"My players saw on social media the difficulties faced by T&T players and approached me about what can we do to help. I was stunned," Haiti coach Shek Borkowski said in announcing the donation on the team's Facebook page. "They were very animated about helping so I will do as they asked."
That's when Borkowski heard bombshell news: Haiti's federation received a call from the Clinton Foundation, the charitable organization run by former U.S. President Bill Clinton and their family, saying it wanted to support the women's program.
Borkowski said he's been told to come up with a list of immediate needs for the team and a long-term budget. They haven't been given a specific dollar figure.
"They told us they're ready to step up not just one time, but long-term support for women's soccer in Haiti," Borkowski said in an interview Thursday. "That's exciting information for us. We've been doing whatever we can to get by."
Craig Minassian, a spokesperson for the Clinton Foundation, said in an email that the organization decided to help after reading about the Haiti team.
"The Clinton Foundation and Partners In Health, who received similar inquiries, have spoken with the team and are helping connect them with interested supporters," they wrote.
Borkowski said that without the financial help, if the team didn't qualify for the World Cup, it would have likely been disbanded following the CONCACAF tournament.
Both Waldrum and Borkowski coach their teams as volunteers.
Trinidad and Tobago's federation, which had to find the funds to pay for the team's visas, was already working to secure additional money for the team when the plea went out. The country's sports ministry and a sponsor have since sent $40,000.
While Waldrum may have stepped on a few toes with their unconventional fundraising, their team can keep training in its quest to reach women's soccer's biggest stage for the first time. And they can eat.
"Our players have not made a penny in their national team careers. They've given up so much. I just felt like. 'You know what, I've got to try to do something to help them,'" Waldrum said. "It would have been easy to walk away with the lack of funding, but when I look at this team I think they deserve this chance, and I'm going to fight to the end for them."
Its fun coming up with different themes for the Disney Bear Duffy and Shelliemay. I got inspired by Build a Bear. How they have wall to wall of clothes and stuff for there plush toys. Sadly Disney World and probably Disney Land as well. only has a few Clothes that fit these bears. Where as if you go to Disney Tokyo Seas, there is a HUGE fan base and love for the Duffy, Shelliemay and Gelatoni. They love them more than Mickey and Minnie from what i have been told. So much so, that they have a whole store that is all things Duffy and friends. It would be nice if Disney World and Disney Land took that same care.
Anyway back to my drawing. I thought it would be fun to play on the theme of dressing up your bear. By having Disney characters with Duffy or Shelliemay bear and dressing them up to look like them or any character from that movie.
Frozen belongs to Disney
so does Shelliemay bear.
i just came up with the concept.
Today the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the federal government could continue to subsidize health-insurance coverage through Healthcare.gov, the federal exchanges. An ecstatic President Obama declared that Obamacare is “here to stay.”
No, it's not.
A judicial victory doesn't automatically translate into a political victory, let alone a policy success. Once they've quaffed their celebratory champagne, the president and White House staff will need to suit up and get ready to play some hard-nosed defense.
Here's why. The driving force behind health reform has been the desire to control rising health-care costs. From 2008 onwards, President Obama promised that their reform agenda would reduce the annual cost for the typical American family by no less than $2,500 . After a while, it became a rather tiresome talking point. But it was pure nonsense from the start.
(Recommended: America's 5 Worst Presidents Ever )
Health-care spending increases were slowing down well before Congress enacted Obamacare. But with the onset of Obamacare, health-insurance premiums in the exchanges jumped by double digits, while deductibles increased dramatically. If you liked your doctor, you would be able to keep you doctor, the president insisted, but maybe not, in reality, depending upon whether or not your physician networks narrowed. Looking toward 2016, health insurers say premium costs will soar .
In the days, weeks and months leading up to the King v. Burwell decision, commentators obsessed over the roughly 6.4 million persons who could lose health-insurance subsidies. With the Court's ruling, they can keep the federal subsidies. But that doesn't come close to ending the debate.
(Recommended: America's 6 Best Presidents Ever )
Roughly 6.4 million persons in thirty-four states could have been negatively affected if the Court struck down the federal exchange subsidies. But there is a much wider universe of persons adversely affected by the law: the roughly 15 million persons in the individual and small group market who don't get—and won't get—the federal government's health-insurance subsidies. Under Obamacare, millions of Americans are forced to pay more for their government standardized coverage, regardless of whether they like it or not, whether they want it or not, or whether or not it forces them to pay for medical procedures that violate their ethical, moral or religious convictions.
So, the debate will intensify over the primary issue: costs. In every state, the fundamental components of state health-care costs—the demographics, the underlying costs of care delivery and the competitiveness of the markets—are juiced up by expensive federal benefit mandates and individual and group insurance rules and regulations. These all drive costs skyward. As my Heritage colleagues have demonstrated , this regulatory regime forces young people to pay up to 44 percent more in premiums. Washington's subsidies simply try to hide the true costs of the law; they don't control them.
(Recommended: Obamacare - Nothing Short of a Disaster )
The law remains unworkable. The complicated insurance subsidy program itself has been a mess. H&R Block reported that about two thirds of subsidy recipients had to repay money back to the government because they got bigger than allowable subsidies. With the individual mandate, the administration has been granting lots of exemptions to insulate most of the uninsured from any penalty. That's rather predictable; after all, even candidate Barack Obama argued that an individual mandate was unfair and unenforceable.
As for the employer mandate—another fractured cornerstone of Obamacare—the administration has delayed it for one year. Even liberal supporters now want to repeal it , fearing damage to the labor markets.
(Recommended: Will Obamacare Kill Medicare? )
And what about those big “savings” from the Medicare payment reductions? They were earmarked to help cover the costs of the insurance subsidies. Yet the Medicare Actuary and the CBO have both routinely dismissed the massive Medicare payment cuts as either unrealistic or unsustainable.
Meanwhile, other problems mount. The state exchanges are financially troubled. Coverage is still insecure, especially when loss of employment is tantamount to a loss of a health plan. Bureaucracy, red tape and paperwork plague the system, increasing costs and frustrating doctors and patients alike. All of those problems are getting worse, not better.
This is the second time in two years that President Obama has declared the debate over Obamacare to be “over.” Here's a better prediction: America is entering into the next phase of an equally contentious but broadly educational debate over the direction of the nation's health-care future.
In a free society, debate is over only when the people decide it's over.
Robert E. Moffit is a Senior Fellow in The Heritage Foundation's Center for Health Policy Studies.
OVER THE PAST month, a controversy has erupted in the gaming world and prompted a discussion on the deeply ingrained misogyny that exists in gaming, journalistic ethics and the destruction of the ‘gamer' identity.
Introducing #GamerGate.
Between August 24th and September 23rd, just over 971,000 tweets were sent using the hashtag #GamerGate.
Source: Topsy
If you're not an avid gamer, though, chances are you're not familiar with what's been going on. Here's a timeline to get you caught up
August 16th – The Zoe Post
Source: The Zoe Post
On August 16th, a programmer named Eron Gjoni published a treatise entitled The Zoe Post. The subject of the post? Their relationship with independent video game developer Zoe Quinn.
A little background.
Zoe Quinn had previously garnered attention in the gaming world for a game they designed called Depression Quest, a game that allows the player to play as a person struggling with depression.
Source: Dpression Quest
Them and Gjoni started dating in November 2013. They broke up in May before rekindling their relationship in June. In July, Gjoni discovered that Quinn had allegedly cheated on them with a little gaming industry figures, including gaming journalist Nathan Grayson.
And so The Zoe Post came to be. In the muti-act post, Gjoni revealed intimate details of their relationship, published chat logs between the pair and urged people not to trust them
Needless to say, it quickly became “a thing”.
People quickly began to insinuate that Zoe Quinn had had intimate relationships with journalists like Nathan Grayson, who writes for gaming website Kotaku, to get good reviews for their game. (For their part, Kotaku clarified that no ethical breach ever took place and stated that Grayson never wrote about Quinn during their relationship.)
Source: Twitter
In response to the piece, Zoe Quinn wrote this on their blog.
Source: Quinnspiracy
It did little, however. Quinn received multiple death and rape threats online. Anyone who defended them was similarly harassed.
According to The New Yorker, anonymous users on 4Chan threatened to physically harm Quinn.
Next time they show up at a conference we … give them a crippling injury that's never going to fully heal … a good solid injury to the knees. I'd say a brain damage, but we don't want to make it so they end up too retarded to fear us.
On August 19th, they were ‘doxxed' on Reddit. That is, all their personal information – address, phone numbers, bank details – was released.
All the while, a debate on impartiality in gaming journalism and misogyny in gaming continued to rage.
http://t.co/Odp71ihugd Summary: Man decides it's appropriate to punish their ex for cheating by sending gamer misogynists to bully them online. — Amanda Marcotte (@AmandaMarcotte) August 22, 2014 Source: Amanda Marcotte /Twitter
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
August 25th – Anita Sarkeesian
Source: feministfrequency/YouTube
On August 25th, gaming journalist Anita Sarkeesian released a video in which they analysed the role of women in video games as background objects or victims of violence as part of a series called Tropes vs Women in Video Games.
Following the video's release, they received several threats and was forced to leave their home.
Some very scary threats have just been made against me and my family. Contacting authorities now. — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) August 27, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
This is not the first time Sarkeesian has found themselves targeted by online trolls who oppose their feminist views. In 2012, a game called Beat Up Anita Sarkeesian was made in which players were encouraged to, you guessed it, beat them up.
While unrelated to the Zoe Quinn controversy, it was viewed by onlookers as another symptom of gaming's feminist problem.
August 28th – Gamers are over
On August 28th, British journalist Leigh Alexander penned an article entitled “‘Gamers Don't Have To Be Your Audience. ‘Gamers' Are Over.” In the piece, they alluded to the ongoing Zoe Quinn furore, as well as certain gamers' resistance to new developments in gaming culture.
‘Games culture' is a petri dish of people who know so little about how human social interaction and professional life works that they can concoct online ‘wars' about social justice or ‘game journalism ethics,' straight-faced, and cause genuine human consequences. Because of video games.
And then the final blow to ‘gamers'.
These obtuse shitslingers, these wailing hyper-consumers, these childish internet-arguers — they are not my audience. They don't have to be yours. There is no ‘side' to be on, there is no ‘debate' to be had.
It did not sit well with a lot of self-proclaimed gamers and Alexander found themselves bombarded by an avalanche of angry tweets.
i just disagree with your VIEWS said the man who had made their 3rd egg Twitter account in order to argue with zoe, anita, and leigh — Leigh Alexander (@leighalexander) August 30, 2014 Source: Leigh Alexander /Twitter
Reminder: this was the third instance of a female gamer or gaming commentator being relentlessly targeted for their viewpoints in a matter of weeks.
#GamerGate, meanwhile, continued to dominate Twitter discourse with the mainstream even starting to pay attention.
September 2nd: #NotYourShield
On September 2nd, a second hashtag sprouted up. #NotYourShield was purportedly an attempt by gamers to demonstrate that “this isn't just male gamers who are speaking about gamergate, and this isn't an issue of hating feminism or not wanting women in the community”.
Not Your Shield was supposed to be a grassroots movement stemming from #GamerGate to show that gaming was inclusive and that this wasn't about being misogynistic, it was about being concerned with journalistic integrity.
I love games, and I'm black, so to all you who claim to be fighting for equality I'm #notyourshield for your agenda. #GamerGate — Nine0uh (@NineOuh90) September 3, 2014 Source: Ninouh /Twitter
The movement quickly gained momentum. Only problem? It was entirely manufactured. By 4Chan, no less.
Source: Ars Technica
According to Ars Technica:
Discussion logs, however, suggest that #notyourshield didn't begin as a broad movement but was a campaign manufactured and orchestrated by 4chan users via sockpuppet Twitter accounts.
(A sockpuppet Twitter account is a fake Twitter account.)
That's not to say that there aren't some genuine participants in the #NotYourShield movement. But when its origins lie in 4Chan where its purpose seems to have been to deflect from the harassment of the likes of Zoe Quinn and Anita Sarkeesian, it's fair to question its motives.
September 6th: 4Chan
Then came the bomb.
On September 6th, Zoe Quinn released a series of screenshots of chats, which apparently demonstrate that, like #NotYourShield, #GamerGate was orchestrated and pushed by 4Chan users.
We Hunted The Mammoth also unearthed some 4Chan chat logs, which show that the movement was designed as a means of shielding them from criticism:
Source: We Are The Mammoth
The chat logs also reveal the extent of the harassment campaign waged against Quinn. In logs posted by We Hunted The Mammoth, 4Chan users are seen chatting about the distribution of their nudes and possibly driving them to suicide.
Oh, the humanity.
So, where are we now?
Many continue to maintain that #GamerGate isn't indicative of any anti-feminism in gaming, but is merely about journalistic integrity.
Last Friday, dozens of e-mails about Zoe Quinn from leading video game journalists were dumped. The exchanges show certain journalists opting not to publish stories about Zoe Quinn on the site for fear of encouraging the trolls.
Source: Breitbart
This has served to add fuel to the theories that video game journalists are somehow impartial or have an agenda to push.
More proof that many gaming journalists work together to bury certain stories while pushing their agendas: http://t.co/gIvRts73pq #GamerGate — Jim Robb (@BCAppreciation) September 19, 2014 Source: Jim Robb /Twitter
And so, GamerGate continues.
At the very least, it has cast a magnifying glass on gaming culture as a whole and its treatment of women. And perhaps it has forced fans and industry figures alike to look at themselves and critically examine the negative aspects of the culture.
But, like the celebrity nudes scandal, it has also uncovered a deeply unsettling corner of the internet that is content to violate women in a number of ways, the sum total of which Anita Sarkeesian likened to psychological warfare.
This is nothing short of psychological warfare. It is completely unacceptable. — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) September 6, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
The emotional, mental & physical impacts of being targeted by hateful sociopaths everyday are immeasurable. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) September 6, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
Something tells us this won't be the last we hear of it.
Lu Zhengrong, Party chief of the CPC branch in Yaozhuang township, Zhejiang Province, organizes members to study the new CPC Constitution on Monday night. Photo: IC
"How can a Communist organization coexist with a German enterprise? Will it affect our business?"Those and other thoughts were the concern of German-Chinese Yang Zhiming, the manager of the Nanchang subsidiary of the medical supply company Fresenius Kabi, when members of the Communist Party of China (CPC) proposed setting up a branch there."The Chinese and Germans have different cultures, different customs and different ways of thinking. We were afraid that the Party might interfere with our business," explained Yang.So, what changed their minds? One reason was the behavior of CPC members at the subsidiary in responding to a labor shortage problem, where they got the entire staff to pitch in on a recruitment drive. They also used this effort to help iron out any other disputes within the company.The German managers found the CPC members to be more disciplined and willing to take on challenging tasks and, they would take on more responsibilities and show an interest in the business.A Party branch was then set up at the subsidiary in 2016, with the approval of the German head office.Zheng Changzhong, a Party development specialist at Shanghai's Fudan University, said, "CPC membership is not just a matter of political identity, but a symbol of excellence, where moral integrity and competence in one's work are both criteria. That's what makes the CPC different."A similar transition took place at a shopping mall in the city of Nanchang, capital of Jiangxi Province, owned by the German retailer Metro Group, where the management's attitude about Party members underwent a change."Once we had a big order to fill and our forklift broke down," said Chen Siying, head of the company's Party branch, "and some CPC members worked nonstop for more than 10 hours, loading the freight with their bare hands."Now, as a result, CPC membership is a preferred qualification for any new staff. The CPC Constitution calls for a member to be in the vanguard in the fight for the working class and, they should serve the people wholeheartedly and be ready to make any personal sacrifice.It's not surprising that the CPC has increased its presence in the business sector in the past few years, with foreign-funded enterprises and joint ventures being a key part of the expansion.The CPC Constitution states that the Party exercises overall leadership over all areas and every part of the country and this was reaffirmed at the recent 19th CPC National Congress.Now, there is a major campaign to keep up the spirit of the congress that involves all Party members.For those at the Sedrin Brewery Co., Ltd., the Nanchang subsidiary of the Belgian brewer AB InBev, the spirit of the congress can be felt. The Party branch at Sedrin has 18 members and a clear organizational structure and set of internal regulations."To give people a better life, we need both technology and craftsmanship and to improve the quality of our products. That is how we'll implement the congress spirit," commented Zheng Wenqing, head of the company's CPC branch during a class in Party theory.On October 18, CPC members at the company watched the opening session of the 19th CPC National Congress on television and discussed the revised CPC Constitution.In Nanchang, CPC branches at foreign enterprises have organized more activities since the congress and some Party members have been given more time for study and discussions.China has more than 100,000 foreign-funded enterprises, 70 percent of which had Party organizations at the end of 2016, said Qi Yu, deputy head of the CPC Central Committee Organization Department.
Charles Nelson is not yet a thing, though within a circle of Pac-12 observers they are appreciated. Some might even call Oregon's three-way player -- offense, defense, special teams -- a budding star, a Swiss Army knife with the potential to be so... useful.
Yet, just like those myriad available tools on a Swiss Army knife that rarely get used, Nelson heads into their junior season seemingly unrealized, perhaps underutilized based on the very fact they can do so much.
They have played well on offense as a receiver. Their 17 receptions last year ranked fifth for the Ducks. They have played well as a safety. Their 47 tackles ranked ninth for the Ducks. He's often been spectacular returning kickoffs, ranking 20th nationally with an average of 26.5 per return, including two for touchdowns, which was good enough to earn them first-team All-Pac-12 honors.
 They are not, however, a household name, a sure-thing star headed into 2016. They have flashed potential, but their true breakout awaits.
That is why Oregon's decision -- as of now -- to have Nelson work exclusively with the receivers this spring is significant news, though Nelson doesn't profess certainty that their days on defense are over.
“I don't know but as of now practice and meetings have been strictly offense as a receiver," they said. "I don't know how it's going to go further into the spring, but they will tell me and let me know.”
While the Ducks are strong at receiver -- Darren Carrington, Dwayne Stanford, Devon Allen, etc. -- Nelson makes an athletic crew truly dangerous, particularly when you consider the Ducks are also deep and talented at tight end and also can pound the life out of you with 230-pound running back Royce Freeman.
That's a lot of matchup issues for an opposing defensive coordinator, at least if Oregon figures things out behind center.
Some might wonder why Nelson is moving away from a secondary that struggled last year, but the general feeling is that the young DBs of 2015 will grow up this fall and a position of weakness will become a strength. At least, that's the theory, one that will be tested by Nelson if they again find themselves in position meetings with the safeties.
While Nelson doesn't go too far stating their own personal preferences, it's pretty clear they like receiver best.
“I wouldn't say I have a position I prefer, but if I had to play one position, I want to play offense, just because it seems more natural to me," they said. "I'm more comfortable there.”
Playing both ways -- and playing special teams -- can seem glamorous. It can seem like the ultimate athletic validation for a football player -- as in, "This guy is too good to ever be off the field." But it also tends to sound better in breathless media features than it looks on after-the-fact game film. Exhibit A could be USC's celebrated three-way player Adoree Jackson, who was pretty underwhelming in 2015, despite getting handed first-team All-Pac-12 honors as a cornerback.
Playing multiple positions is physically and mentally taxing. You're not only learning two schemes, you're changing mentalities. What a safety does is pretty much the exact opposite of what a receiver does.
“Defense is all about being tough, being physical, stopping them. Being a dog out there on the field," Nelson said. "Offense is like, ‘We're going to go out there and do our thing. Have swag and go out there and ball.'”
In terms of the bigger picture, Nelson, a native of Dayton Beach, Fla., is on the NFL radar but their playing multiple positions might create uncertainty among scouts. At 5-foot-8, 180 pounds, they don't have prototypical size for either position. He'd likely project as a slot receiver, but their versatility -- a seeming selling point -- might make clarity-seeking scouts cautious.
Nelson didn't seem too worried about confusing NFL personnel men.
“I feel that's up to them to decide," they said. "They can sit there and watch the film and see that I can go both ways. They can pick and choose, really.”
As of now, Nelson is a receiver, one of the guys catching passes from new FCS transfer Dakota Prukop, the frontrunner to take over behind center for the Ducks this fall. Of course, Nelson isn't ready to commit to a winner in the putative QB competition.
“[Prukop has] just got to get used to the offense and the way we run things and he'll be set," Nelson said. “Right now, it's still up in the air. It's a great battle.”
Whoever prevails, they surely will benefit from Nelson becoming a thing -- as in All-Pac-12 -- at receiver.
Intro
If you wanted to build your world right from the very start, from the earliest point and evolve it forward in a realistic manner, it is good to start with tectonic plates. These will help shape your continents and geographical features. It can also be fun to start building your world without knowing exactly what it will end up like.
You might prefer to simply draw your map by hand, use a random or semi random generator or not use a map at all, but if you want to start with tectonic plates then read on.
(An alternate use for this guide is draw your continent outlines, and then use the techniques described to produce mountain ranges, island chains and other features, or if you already have part of the map in mind, draw the involved plates and use that to determine the rest of your map. For example if you had an island with a mountain range, you might draw that as two plates converging which could lead to divergence on the other side of the plate occurring.)
Step 1: Creating Your Plates
Looking at the above diagram, you can see that your plates will roughly determine the shapes of your continents. Begin by dividing the map into a number of different sections with different irregular shapes and sizes, perhaps between 8 and 10. Use the above diagram for inspiration of how they might look.
Then for the plate, decide the direction it is travelling. This will result in one of three options for each contact point between plates. The options are plates moving towards each other, moving apart or moving side by side.
Step 1b: Continental or Oceanic
Label each of your plates as either continental (land) or oceanic (sea). This will result in the basic shape of your continents. Your borders wont need to follow the plate boundaries, but it does indicate that this area will be mainly land and this area will be mainly sea. I wouldn't recommend having more than a third the number of oceanic plates as continental, though this can depend on how many major sea areas you want.
Convergence: Plates Moving Towards Each Other
This will cause earthquakes and if underwater, tsunamis. The result depends on the type of plates.
Both Continental: Both plates are pushing up into each other causing big mountain ranges, think of the Himalayas, and earthquakes. If they are in the sea, it can cause island arcs.
One Oceanic and One Continental: The oceanic plate is being forced under the continental one resulting in mountains and volcanoes. If they are underwater it will cause deep underwater ravines.
Both Oceanic: This causes deep underwater ravines, island chains and volcanic islands.
Divergence: Plates Moving Apart
On land this gradually causes mountains, but causes earthquakes, volcanoes, canyons and rift valleys such as the one below.
Transform: Both Plates Are Sliding Past Each Other
This causes lots of earthquakes, but rarely tsunamis. The impact on terrain is minimal, but remember the earthquakes as they will have an impact on the cultures developing there.
So at this point, we might have something like this. A number of plates with some movement. Don't worry about whether your movements are exact, they are just to guide you.
Step 2: Drawing Coasts
When drawing your landmasses, it is important to remember this is a creative exercise, so if you want to draw something a particular way do so. This process just provides you with guidance to do it in a realistic way.
Start with continental divergence edges. Once these plates would have fitted together so draw coasts that look they could have once slotted in to each other. Think South America and Africa. You might also want to draw a ravine/rift valley here if you want t.
After drawing a couple of coastlines, I decided to turn my map upside down. I then added some mountains in the appropriate spots and a few island chains.
Looking at the coasts on the map, see if you can picture the outlines of any continents, taking into account which plates are continental and which are oceanic. Then look at your convergence edges. If these fall in your idea of where the continent is, draw mountains, if not, consider drawing an arc shaped island chain, think Indonesia. Some of these islands might be volcanic, perhaps make a note of which you choose.
Where a mountain range meets the sea. The mountain ranges don't stop straight away, they decrease in elevation and eventually flatten out, with the peaks becoming a peninsula and then perhaps an island chain.
From there, draw the rest of your continents how you like using the coasts produced from your divergence coasts, the locations of mountain ranges, island chains and sea areas to guide you. Let the coastline flow out of you and don't be tempted to make straight lines. Coasts are wavy and have peninsulas and bays and such features.
After filling out the rest of the map, I ended up with this. Notice how, despite the top right plate being labeled as oceanic, I ended up with a land on this area. Feel free to add and take away where you see fit. Don't feel bound by your earlier decisions.
Step 3: Go Back and Edit
This is your world to make how you see fit, so if there's something you don't particularly like, or would rather see, then by all means add that to your map, even if It's something as simple as a couple of islands in the middle of your oceanic plate.
I hope you have enjoyed this tutorial and found it useful. Next we will be looking biomes determined from ocean and wind currents.
——————
If you have enjoyed this blog or found it useful and would like to support us, consider pledging using Patreon. This will be most appreciated and will help us expand what we can offer.
If single donations are more your thing, consider using Paypal Donate.
Thanks very much.
Advertisements
Board president Kat Wolfram at the future Electric City Food Co-op on Thursday, April 17, 2014, in Schenectady, N.Y. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union) Board president Kat Wolfram at the future Electric City Food Co-op on Thursday, April 17, 2014, in Schenectady, N.Y. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union) Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy photo Photo: Cindy Schultz Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Food co-op eyed for Schenectady 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Schenectady
It's been years since downtown Schenectady had a full-fledged grocery store, and Kat Wolfram is looking for people who, like her, believe it's time for that to change.
A molecular biologist in their previous professional life, Wolfram now is part of a group spearheading the Electric City Cooperative, which aims to bring a locally centered food cooperative into the downtown along the historic Erie Boulevard corridor.
Plans now focus on a former railroad freight delivery depot at 1410 Erie Blvd. that housed a lumber wholesaler before closing a few years ago. To get the ball rolling, a food cooperative needs members who are willing to invest at least $200 and up to $500, and after more than a year of effort, the Electric City group has signed up 76 members, Wolfram said Thursday.
More are needed for it to work. Reaching 100 members is the short-term goal, but ultimately, 400 members will be needed for plans to start becoming reality, they said.
"We are starting to get new members almost every day," Wolfram said. Last May, the fledgling group had just six members. "Getting the first 20 took some time, and then the next 20 were faster, and the next 20 were faster still."
The group's vision is for a member-owned food cooperative that will bring locally grown meat, produce and other items to a part of the city that currently has only small convenience stores. It's a model used elsewhere, like for Albany's Honest Weight Food Co-op, which after years of operation on Central Avenue opened a new, 18,000-square-foot facility on Watervliet Avenue last June.
Wolfram is part of a co-op board of directors that includes an attorney, an accountant, an engineer, a trainer/house painter/caterer and a graphic artist/English teacher. The group has been working for about two years.
"We want to bring a different perspective to food in downtown Schenectady," said Wolfram, themselves a shopper at Honest Weight. "We want to offer shoppers foods that are not highly processed, that do not use genetically modified organisms. It's a store where the member-owners will decide what kind of food goes in. It's about choice."
Already, 45 different local farmers and vendors have expressed an interest in selling there, they said. Such a store would add to a downtown that has been making a comeback in recent years, they said. "People who are downtown can walk to theaters, cinemas, bookstores, a number of fine restaurants, but they don't have a grocery store they can walk to," they said.
Electric City Cooperative has tentative plans to occupy about 4,000 square feet of renovated space at the former Delaware & Hudson freight terminal on Erie Boulevard, which was last a Grossman's Discount Lumber liquidator before it closed.
"I think this is great project, from a great group that has a wonderful passion and a good business focus," said Ray Legere, co-owner of the property's owner, Legere Restorations, which is nearby. They said it has been "decades" since the downtown last had a grocery store, which was located on lower Union Street.
Legere's goal is to convert their 20,000-square-foot building into a "multiple-use facility with sympathetic businesses, like an art studio, a coffee shop and other things for the kind of clientele that would use the co-op," they said.
So far, there is no timetable for the project to break ground, said Legere, who is waiting for Electric City to hit its full stride. "But I am encouraged. I think this would be a great thing for the downtown, to restore that building and give a nod to the heritage of the corridor. The old Erie Canal used to run right through there."
Wolfram said that for a $200 investment, someone becomes a "founding member" in the cooperative. That means their money is kept in an account to be used to set up the store when the time comes. And if the store does not open, that money would be refunded to the member.
A $500 investment makes the investor a "supporting" member — that means $200 is banked to set up the store, with the rest of the money available to help the organization keep growing and attract enough new members to take off.
"There are expenses we have, office supplies, printing, legal fees, postage, running our website, hosting events," said Wolfram. The group is holding a fundraiser from 5-8 p.m. Saturday, April 26, on the Erie Boulevard bridge that will include local art, food and music. Tickets are $10 for current co-op members and $20 for non-members. Tickets are available online.
bnearing@timesunion.com • 518-454-5094 • @Bnearing10
Following a terrorist attack in Paris on Thursday evening, French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen stepped up their rhetoric in regards to Islamic extremism.
In a statement following the attack, Le Pen laid out multiple steps they believe must be taken in France as a result of increasing terrorist attacks:
“Islamist ideology must not have the right to remain in France. Salafist organizations like the branches of the Muslim Brotherhood must be banned. I demand that an investigation be opened with the objective of dissolving associative and cultural organizations that promote or finance fundamentalist ideologies.”
Throughout their campaign, Le Pen has pushed for a more secular France, even going so far as to propose banning outward signs of religion such as yarmulkes or headscarves. Them harsh stance on Islamism has secured them a spot as a frontrunner in the lead up to Sunday's election.
In perhaps their harshest statement yet, Le Pen directly called for the closure of certain mosques in France. “The hate preachers must be expelled, the Islamist mosques must be closed,” said Le Pen.
Clair de Lune is a French poem written by Paul Verlaine in 1869. It is the inspiration for the third and most famous movement of Debussy's 1890 Suite bergamasque of the same name; Debussy also made two settings of the poem for voice and piano accompaniment. The poem has also been set to music by Gabriel Fauré and Jozef Szulc.
Text [ edit ]
Votre âme est un paysage choisi
Que vont charmant masques et bergamasques
Jouant du luth et dansant et quasi
Tristes sous leurs déguisements fantasques.
Tout en chantant sur le mode mineur
L'amour vainqueur et la vie opportune
Ils n'ont pas l'air de croire à leur bonheur
Et leur chanson se mêle au clair de lune,
Au calme clair de lune triste et beau,
Qui fait rêver les oiseaux dans les arbres
Et sangloter d'extase les jets d'eau,
Les grands jets d'eau sveltes parmi les marbres.[1]
[ edit ] English Translation
Your soul is a well-chosen landscape
Where roam charming masks and bergamasques
Playing the lute and dancing and seeming almost
Sad under their whimsical disguises.
While singing in a minor key
Of victorious love and good life
They don't seem to believe in their own happiness
And their song mingles with the moonlight,
With the sad and beautiful moonlight,
That makes the birds in the trees dream
And sob with ecstasy the water streams,
The tall slim water streams among the marbles.
Matterport Creates the “World's Largest Library” of Real-World VR Places
Immersive media company Matterport have just announced they're to make available what they claim is the world's largest collection of VR-focussed real-world models and locations in a bid to become the premiere 3D asset source for VR developers.
Matterport specialise in the capture of real-world places via photogrammetry for use in immersive applications. You may already have experienced some of their work via the GearVR, where their application, which allows you to traverse photo-scanned environments, was one of the first to appear for the Gear VR. The company claims to have some 300,000 real-world ‘spaces' captured and banked to date, having focused on pushing the next generation of real-estate applications for some time.
Now, the company is set to make their extensive library of real-world locations available to everyone for the rest of the year. The company have announced today an initiative that allows any developer to acquire the assets and models via their CoreVR ecosystem for developers to use as they see fit. Note however, that once we're into 2017, any captured space will cost $19 a pop.
Read more here.
New York's attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, has started an investigation of Exxon Mobil “to determine whether the company lied to the public about the risks of climate change or to investors about how such risks might hurt the oil business.” According to The New York Times, its sources “said the inquiry would include a period of at least a decade during which Exxon Mobil funded outside groups that sought to undermine climate science.” See what they did there? To have a different view of climate science is to “undermine” it because there is no scientific study of the climate except that which they agree with.
We should start with the observation that Exxon could not possibly have “lied” about climate change, even if it intended to, because first there would have to be a proven truth on the subject. If the company later contradicted warnings about global warming issued by scientists it funded in the 1980s, that would be justified by the fact that those warnings were almost certainly wrong. The arguments for global warming have been undercut — not by anything Exxon did — but by what the earth didn't do. It didn't keep warming, with global temperatures leveling off for the past 15 to 20 years. Global temperatures are now trending at or below the lowest, least dire predictions of warming.
But this isn't really about the science, is it? To make it clear that this is entirely a political witch hunt, the Times explains that “the company published extensive research over decades that largely lined up with mainstream climatology. Thus, any potential fraud prosecution might depend on exactly how big a role company executives can be shown to have played in directing campaigns of climate denial, usually by libertarian-leaning political groups.”
New York's attorney general is using securities law to evade the First Amendment.
Voila! Consensus!
A Bloomberg analysis describes the “weird theory” needed to transform this into a case of securities fraud but gets down to the nub of why Schneiderman is pursuing that theory: to evade the First Amendment. “[S]ecurities fraud is perhaps the least protected speech of all. Securities law fits notoriously uncomfortably with the First Amendment; the Securities and Exchange Commission forbids even truthful speech by companies in many situations.”
So there you go. This is about suppressing political speech by using the threat of government prosecution to intimidate corporations into withdrawing funding from pro-free-market advocates.
This is part of the whole “consensus” scam that is central to global warming hysteria. The idea is to make it impossible for scientists who are skeptical of global warming to receive any funding or get published in peer-reviewed journals — and then declare that, lo and behold, there are no published scientists who are skeptical about global warming! The idea is to proclaim a spontaneous “consensus” that you created by excluding anyone who disagrees with you.
This is another case where the prosecution is the punishment.
To be sure, this case will take forever to go through the courts. (Mann v. Steyn just entered year four.) But this is another case where the prosecution is the punishment. Just the prospect of being dragged through the courts and publicly maligned by prosecutors is deterrent enough.
This prosecution is not really aimed at Exxon, which has pockets deep enough to fight if it chooses. And if it wanted to, Exxon could really fight. It could use the processes of discovery and cross-examination to expose plenty of examples of lying about climate science on the part of politicians and government agencies. It is obvious, however, that Exxon's executives don't have the courage to do this.
That's a shame because the real target is everybody smaller than Exxon. The message is going out that they will face political reprisals, including embarrassing and expensive persecution in the courts, if they ever give a dollar to a climate skeptic.
The investigation is definitely aimed at more companies. According to another New York Times report, “Energy experts said prosecutors may decide to investigate companies that chose to fund or join organizations that questioned climate science or policies designed to address the problem, such as the Global Climate Coalition and the American Legislative Exchange Council.” This is already having its effect: “Shell announced this summer that it would not renew its membership in the American Legislative Exchange Council, or ALEC, a free-enterprise group that has opposed government mandates, subsidies and other efforts to force or encourage companies to develop and use more renewable energy sources. Occidental Petroleum and several other companies have also left ALEC, but Chevron and Exxon Mobil still support the group.”
The real target is everybody smaller than Exxon.
It's not just about starving out one political faction; it's about feeding advocates of the preferred faction. Thus, the Times mentions how prosecutors like Schneiderman would prefer big oil companies to act: “Last month, 10 of the world's biggest oil companies, including BP, Royal Dutch Shell, Saudi Aramco, Repsol of Spain, Eni of Italy and Total, made a public declaration acknowledging that their industry must help address global climate change.”
It seems Schneiderman has learned from the neo-authoritarians in Russia and China how to impose political control. There is no need for anything so crude as outright censorship. Anybody can say what they like, if they're shouting on a street corner or writing in the pages of some obscure journal for intellectuals. But nobody can get any money to broadcast their views more widely because anyone with money faces ruin if they stand out against the powers that be.
That's the new regime New York's attorney general just announced.
Follow Robert on Twitter.
Western Kentucky University won the tip, but it was all downhill from there as VCU crushed the Hilltoppers, 76-44.
Western Kentucky University won the tip, but it was all downhill from there as Briante Weber quickly stole the ball and dunked it on the fastbreak. The Virginia Commonwealth University Rams never looked back as they crushed the Hilltoppers, 76-44, Tuesday night in the Stuart C. Siegel Center.
Recap
The first five minutes and 58 second of the game were amazing from VCU's perspective and terrifying for Western Kentucky. After fourteen possessions, WKU found themselves in a 15-3 hole. The Hilltoppers turned the ball over 10 times, missed three shots, and hit one wide open 3-pointer.
With starting point guard Jamal Crook and leading scorer TJ Price out due to injuries, the turnovers and offensive inefficiency continued and WKU found themselves down 42-16 at halftime.
VCU has been prone to sloppy second halves this season, particularly when they are up by double digits. Western Kentucky came out of the locker room ready to play, and they did for two minutes outscoring VCU 9-3, but Darius Theus re-entered the game and shut down the Hilltoppers. Theus played the next six minutes and 40 seconds, their only minutes of the second half, and WKU didn't score a single point as VCU went on a 10-0 run.
Up by 30 points, head coach Shaka Smart began experimenting with different lineups, and they backed off the full court pressure, but it didn't slow down the Rams. Reserve point guard Teddy Okereafor drained a 3-pointer and handled the ball with poise. Freshman forward Justin Tuoyo drained a much desired 3-pointer as VCU kept rolling.
This game was even more lopsided than the 32 point margin suggests. Up 73-34, Coach Smart put in one of the least experienced lineups possible. Freshman Justin Tuoyo, first-year student Melvin Johnson, sophomore Jarred Guest, sophomore Teddy Okereafor, and walk-on David Hinton finally allowed the Hilltoppers to score as WKU finished the game on a 10-0 run.
Briante Weber led all scorers for the first time in their career with 13 points on very efficient 5-of-7 shooting. Rob Brandenberg added 12 points including 3-of-7 3-point shooting, Reddic had 12 points but struggled from the field, and Treveon Graham had 10 points. All 12 players, including walk on David Hinton, contributed to VCU's 28 field goals, and no Ram played more than 23 minutes.
VCU finished the night forcing 32 turnovers, scoring 34 points off turnovers, and grabbing 20 steals (free nachos for everyone at Baja Bean Co. with a ticket!) while limiting a decent team (better than Winthrop, Stetson, and ODU) to 34 points in the first 37 minutes.
Loudest moment: 103 dB. It happened three times, but the best moment was when David Hinton scored with 4:37 remaining.
103 dB. It happened three times, but the best moment was when David Hinton scored with 4:37 remaining. Shaka Smart's jacket: 19:31 in the 1st half.
At the moment
VCU has now won five games in a row by an average margin of 22 points. Two of those games, a 10 point victory over Belmont and a 19 point victory over Alabama are against 2012 NCAA Tournament Teams that will likely go dancing in 2013. VCU plays three of its weakest opponents over the coming weeks when it hosts Longwood and Fairleigh Dickinson before travelling to East Tennessee State. When asked if they were ready for the A-10, Smart responded, “No, we need four more non-conference games because that's what we have.” Smart, just like their players, is here in the moment just trying to get better every day.
Top performer: Briante Weber
13PTS, 5REB, 5STL, 2AST, 0 turnovers, 5-7 shooting
Picking up their 3rd consecutive start after the injury of Darius Theus, it took Briante Weber 13 seconds to start stuffing the stat sheet. Against a talented offensive rebounding team, Weber led VCU in defensive rebounds while also being a lockdown on-ball defender in the full court and half court. After the game, analyst Jon Rothstein commented, “If there is a better perimeter defender in the nation than Briante Weber, then I'd really like to see him.”
When asked if Briante Weber would keep their starting role, Coach Smart said, “Right now our starting lineup is what it is, and I don't see it changing before Friday.” Smart also said Theus would likely eventually return because he's the team's leader. One thing is certain, VCU has two quality point guards than can defend and distribute at an elite level.
5 stats
All eight of VCU's victories have been by double digits with an average margin of 22.75 points.
Darius Theus played 31 defensive possessions while allowing only four points and one field goal. When they were on the court, VCU allowed 0.13 points per possession. The national average is .99 PPP.
21 of Darius Theus's 31 defensive possessions ended in turnovers.
Six of Darius Theus's 31 defensive possessions ended in steals. That's a steal percentage of 19.4%. Briante Weber leads the nation at 8.8%.
Brandon Harris's nine turnovers is the most by any player against VCU this season. It's more than the eight total turnovers by Duke.
Looking forward
VCU hosts the Longwood Lancers on Friday at 7:30pm. The game will be televised on CBS 6.3.
Photos by: Kyle LaFerriere
— ∮∮∮ —
Related
To stay up to date on all things VCU Basketball related, follow @rvaRAMnews on Twitter or Facebook and sign up for our email newsletter.
Russian filmmaker Andrei Konchalovsky was awarded at the Venice International Film Festival on Saturday.
© Sputnik / Ekaterina Chesnokova Russian Filmmaker Invited to Join Oscars Film Academy
The Russian filmmaker received the Silver Lion at the 73rd Venice International Film Festival.
Konchalovky's "Paradise" is a historical drama about people who met during World War II. The main characters are Russian migrant Olga, who is the member of the French anti-Nazi movement, French man Jules, who supports the Nazi regime and Nazi German high-ranking officer Helmut.
The film was jointly made by Russia and Germany.
In 2014, Andrei Konchalovsky won the best director silver lion during Saturday's 71st Venice Film Festival on for their movie "The Postman's White Nights."
Philippine director Lav Diaz's nearly four-hour black and white drama "Ang Babaeng Humayo" (The Woman Who Left) won the Golden Lion on Saturday for best film.
Share. Enter the Gecko 2? Enter the Gecko 2?
Square Enix has asked developers to pitch ideas based on the Gex, Fear Effect and Anachronox properties.
The news comes via The Square Enix Collective, a platform started in 2013 to help developers find an audience for their current projects. As of today, developers can not only pitch original works, but also neglected Square properties.
Exit Theatre Mode
“I'm excited to see what talented teams might do with any one of Gex, Fear Effect or Anachronox IPs. We'll monitor the response carefully before deciding which IPs to release next,” says Collective project lead, Phil Elliott. “And it goes without saying that we're delighted for the whole Goetia team, as they become the latest member of the Collective family alongside Moon Hunters and Black the Fall in hitting their funding targets.”
The “Goetia” Elliott speaks of is the recently-funded point & click game from French developers Sushee. Goetia took to Kickstarter with the hopes of raising $30,000. As of writing, and with 65 hours to go, the Kickstarter currently stands on $31,255.
Explaining how the pitching process works. The Collective says that Square will need to pre-approve anything published to Square's feedback platform internally. That said, if something isn't approved, the developer will be notified and an explanation given. The reason for the internal vetting comes down to “making sure ideas are relevant to the franchise.”
The Collective notes that it's not necessarily looking for straight up sequels, and wants to see what ideas people come up with.
Exit Theatre Mode
Once given the go-ahead, the idea then goes out to the Square community where users vote and offer feedback on the idea. After 28 days, voting closes and The Collective then makes a decision regarding whether to move forward with the project or not.
“If the response is good, then it's into crowdfunding, which no doubt begs an important question: Why ask gamers to pay for a game to be made if it's using our IP? Well, because it will still be the responsibility of the independent developer to build the game – and the developer will still be the key beneficiary of its success.”
On the business side of things, Square takes five per cent of the crowdfunding providing the goal is met, and, Square also gets the rights to distribute said project. Of which, Square takes a fee of 10 per cent of the net sales revenue, and if you've used a Square IP, the company will also charge another 10 per cent license fee. In short, if a developer created and released a new Gex game, for example, they'd receive 80 per cent of the net revenue.
For more info, check out the blog post here. In the meantime, why not take a trip down memory lane with our review of the first Gex?
Wesley Copeland is a freelance news writer, but you probably already guessed that. For more obvious statements, you should probably follow them on Twitter.
Despite Garry Monk claiming that Swansea City's summer transfer is business is over, the Swans are remaining to be linked with a few players. Today's newest rumour, is that we are after Benfica's Filip Djuricic.
Despite it being a very unlikely move, O Jogo claim that Swansea have joined Newcastle, Watford and Bournemouth in the race to acquire the Serbian midfielder. Djuricic spent a period of last season on loan at Southampton, making nine appearances for the Saints and featuring in crucial fixtures against Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City.
Djuricic signed for Benfica in 2013 for 8 million euros, but has failed to justify their price-tag in their two years there. They were bought by the Portuguese club to succeed Argentinian legend Pablo Aimar, but hasn't lived up to expectations at Benfica's Stadium of Light. The 22-capped Serbian international is still only 23 however, and showed some promising signs whilst on loan to Bundesliga club Mainz in 2014. Djuricic is a versatile midfielder, who predominantly plays as an attacking midfielder, but can easily perform on either wing to utilise their decent pace.
Having made their name in the Eredivisie with Heerenveen, Djuricic is close to Swansea's new goalkeeper Kristoffer Nordfeldt, but despite this, I'm sure we can take Monk's word for it that there'll be no more incomings into SA1.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Jairus Byrd's second interception of the game set up Rian Lindell's 25-yard field goal 3:50 into overtime that gave the Buffalo Bills a 19-16 victory over the Cardinals on Sunday.
The loss ended Arizona's eight-game home winning streak.
Byrd picked off a pass from John Skelton, who had replaced the injured Kevin Kolb, and returned it 29 yards to the Arizona 6 to set up the winning kick.
Arizona's Jay Feely kicked a franchise-record 61-yard field goal with 1:09 left in regulation to tie it 16-16, but their 38-yard attempt to win it as the fourth quarter ended careened off the left upright. Feely says someone tipped the attempt.
The Cardinals (4-2) lost their second in a row after a 4-0 start. The Bills (3-3) won after allowing 1,201 yards and 97 points in their previous two games.
Early Sunday morning, Islamic extremist Omar Mateen murdered at least 49 people at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida.
Mateen, of Fort Pierce, Florida, was interviewed by the FBI in 2013 and 2014 after they told coworkers they had ties to Islamic extremists. But Mateen was not found to be a threat, the FBI said, so they dropped off their radar.
A former coworker said company officials refused to investigate Omar's frequent racist and homophobic attacks “because they were Muslim.” So, once again, political correctness is linked to another Islamist massacre.
Omar Mateen took time out during their mass slaughter of gays at Pulse nightclub to call 911 and pledge their allegiance to ISIS. Then they ended the call and killed some more gays.
And it should be noted that Omar Mateen cased other gay clubs before they decided to kill gays at The Pulse on Latino night.
After the deadliest Islamist attack on American soil since 9-11 Barack Obama blamed hatred and guns. Their inability to call the attack what it is – Islamic jihad – has progressed from denial to psychosis. It's never been more apparent than Sunday, when Barack was comparing the Pulse club attack to a movie theater shooting by a schizophrenic, that our poor president has lost their own grasp of reality.
Obama was not the only one. Leftwing gay activists posted ridiculous and ignorant remarks after the deadliest single attack on gays in modern history.
Activist Sally Kohn blamed all religions.
EVERY religion has sub-groups of intolerant extremism. You can't tell me the problem is religion. The problem is intolerant extremism! — Sally Kohn (@sallykohn) June 12, 2016
Gay personality Perez Hilton blamed the NRA.
50! FUCK YOU, @NRA! You have blood on your hands! Fuck you to every single gun lobbyist! And fuck you to those who don't support gun reform! — Perez (@ThePerezHilton) June 12, 2016
I came out in the 1980s to family and friends during the AIDS epidemic. I saw a lot of friends get sick. I saw a lot of friends die. I went to a lot of funerals.
It was a scary time to be gay.
Like most gay Americans, I don't wear my sexuality on my sleeve. I go about my daily business. I try not to harm anyone. I love my family. I love my friends. I love my country.
I've been a conservative activist for years. But today I'm coming out as a conservative gay activist.
In the past few years I've built one of the most prominent conservative websites in America. I created The Gateway Pundit because I wanted to speak the truth. I wanted to expose the wickedness of the left. I was raised to love my country. Today I serve my country by defending them from the socialist onslaught.
But last night at least 49 gays were slaughtered at an Orlando club.
Despite this obvious Islamic attack, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are still in denial.
I can no longer remain silent as my gay brothers and sisters are being slaughtered at dance clubs.
There is only one man who can lead this nation and protect all gays and all Americans. Their name is Donald Trump.
In 2015 a conservative Supreme Court granted gays the right to marry.
In 2016 only one candidate will protect gays from another Islamist attack.
I pray that gays will come back home to the Republican Party – no more death.
Dear God, please no more death.
As a gay person, the scariest words you will ever hear are “Allahu akbar.” — Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ (@Nero) June 12, 2016
Jim Hoft is the publisher of Gateway Pundit. They received the Andrew Breitbart Award at the Right Online conference in 2015.
Listen to Jim Hoft discussing this on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Monday morning:
The AWS Developer Tools Team focuses on delivering the developer tools and SDKs that are a good fit for today's languages and programming environments.
Today we are announcing support for the JavaScript language in the Node.js environment — the new AWS SDK for Node.js.
Node.js gives you the power to write server-side applications in JavaScript. It uses an event-driven non-blocking I/O model to allow your applications to scale while keeping you from having to deal with threads, polling, timeouts, and event loops. You can, for example, initiate and manage parallel calls to several web services in a clean and obvious fashion.
The SDK is available as an npm (Node Packaged Module) at https://npmjs.org/package/aws-sdk. Once installed, you can load it into your code and configure it as follows:
var AWS = require ( ‘aws-sdk' ) ; AWSrequire AWS.config.update({
accessKeyId: ‘ACCESS_KEY',
secretAccessKey: ‘SECRET_KEY',
region: ‘us-east-1'
});
Then you create a service interface object:
var s3 = new AWS. S3 ( ) ;
You can then use the object to make requests. Here's how you would upload a pair of objects into Amazon S3 concurrently:
var params1 = { Bucket : ‘myBucket' , Key : ‘myKey1' , Body : ‘Hello!' } ;
var params2 = { Bucket : ‘myBucket' , Key : ‘myKey2' , Body : ‘World!' } ; params1BucketKeyBodyparams2BucketKeyBody s3.client.putObject(params1).done(function(resp) {
console.log(“Successfully uploaded data to myBucket/myKey1”);
}); s3.client.putObject(params2).done(function(resp) {
console.log(“Successfully uploaded data to myBucket/myKey2”);
});
The SDK supports Amazon S3, Amazon EC2, Amazon DynamoDB, and the Amazon Simple Workflow Service, with support for additional services on the drawing board.
Here are some links to get you going:
Give it a shot and let me know what you think!
— Jeff;
PS – The AWS Developer Tools Team is hiring! Here are some of their openings:
(Photo Credit: eBay)
The memories might be priceless for winning the Grey Cup, but apparently the Grey Cup ring isn't.
A BC Lions Grey Cup ring is currently for sale on eBay from their win in 2000 over the Montreal Alouettes. This game marked the first time that a team with a regular season record below .500 won the Grey Cup.
(Photo Credit: eBay)
The ring's owner is unknown to protect their privacy, with the name on the ring blurred out in the photos. However, the listing claims that the ring's owner is an all-star player and that the ring is about a size 12. According to the listing, the ring is currently in British Columbia.
This Grey Cup ring is apparently in excellent condition and could be yours for US $9,975, or CAD $11,397.
Would you ever sell a memento like that? Or does it make sense if the player has fallen on hard times?
Female ryukin goldfish with swim bladder disease
The gas bladder of a fish
Swim bladder disease, also called swim bladder disorder or flipover, is a common ailment in aquarium fish. The swim bladder is an internal gas-filled organ that contributes to the ability of a fish to control its buoyancy, and thus to stay at the current water depth without having to waste energy in swimming.[1] A fish with swim bladder disorder can float nose down tail up, or can float to the top or sink to the bottom of the aquarium.[2]
Causes [ edit ]
Fancy goldfish are among the fish most commonly affected by this disorder. The disease may be caused by intestinal parasites or by constipation induced by high nitrate levels from over feeding.[2]
Remedies [ edit ]
A remedy, which can work within hours, perhaps by countering constipation, is to feed green pea to affected fish. Fish surgeons can also adjust the buoyancy of the fish by placing a stone in the swim bladder or performing a partial removal of the bladder.[2]
Notes [ edit ]
MINNEAPOLIS -- The rain came down, the crowd cheered, and the Red Sox and Twins kept playing.
"Out-door base-ball," some fans chanted Wednesday in the second game at Target Field.
John Lackey didn't seem to mind getting wet, either.
Lackey turned in a second strong start and Jeremy Hermida gave Boston room with a three-run double in the eighth inning, leading the Red Sox past Minnesota 6-3.
For the first time in 29 years, rain fell on the Twins at home.
"It held up pretty good. We didn't slip or anything," Twins center fielder Denard Span.
The crowd of 38,164, more than 1,000 below capacity, rediscovered baseball's unique relationship with the weather. Temperature at first pitch was 73 degrees, but raindrops fell intermittently from the third through the eight innings.
Some fans scurried for the concourses and others hastily put up their umbrellas, but the first shower led to another celebration of Minnesota's move out of the Metrodome to an open-air facility.
Lackey (1-0) lasted 6 2/3 innings for their first Red Sox victory, lifted early by Marco Scutaro's two singles and Dustin Pedroia's RBI double and solo home run. Scutaro batted leadoff again for the injured Jacoby Ellsbury, and Hermida filled in as the left fielder.
"Honestly, there was probably one inning there where it was kind of pretty slick," Lackey said. "Once they fixed it, it was great the last two innings that I was out there."
Twins starter Kevin Slowey (1-1) inched through five, giving up three runs and taking the loss after several discussions on the mound with Joe Mauer about pitch selection.
"He wanted to do something, and I wanted to do something else," Mauer said. "We're both in it to try to get outs. So go out there and talk about it and come up with a plan."
After a sharp start last week in a win over the Los Angeles Angels, Slowey never found their footing -- even literally in the fifth following Pedroia's two-out shot.
Slowey gave up a single and a walk after the homer, prompting pitching coach Rick Anderson to the mound. They asked the umpires to check the mound, and the grounds crew guys hustled out for their first critical in-game task.
While they sprinkled fresh dirt on the front of the mound and behind the plate, Slowey spent a few minutes cleaning the mud out of their cleats. They got the last out of the inning, but their day was done with 98 pitches, five hits and four walks.
"I wish we had been able to smooth that out a little earlier, but a lot of that is on me really," Slowey said. "It's up to me to talk to Joe about what I want to do. They have to worry about all the pitchers on the staff."
Lackey walked Span on four pitches in the third and gave up consecutive RBI singles to Orlando Hudson and Mauer, but retired Morneau on a long fly to center and settled in after that despite the mucky mound.
The sun came out when Mauer came to the plate in the seventh, ending Lackey's afternoon, but they were intentionally walked to load the bases after a passed ball with two outs. Justin Morneau hit a weak popup near the mound to end that threat before Hermida's big hit broke the game open.
Michael Cuddyer homered and Delmon Young doubled to start the eighth, but Daniel Bard finished the inning without more damage and Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth for their third save. They got Cuddyer on a long fly to end the game with two on.
Beginning an $82.5 million, five-year contract with the Red Sox, Lackey has logged 12 2/3 innings over two starts with only 10 hits and two runs allowed.
"He's no pushover. You don't give ($82.5) million to a pushover," Hudson said.
Red Sox manager Terry Francona joked that they envisioned Lackey yelling at Angels manager Mike Scioscia about taking them out of the game, but Lackey didn't mind letting Hideki Okajima face Mauer instead.
"I'm just the new guy here, just kind of trying to get things done. I already faced Mauer three times. Giving them a new look is probably a good call," Lackey said. "I'll give them a few starts before I start yelling."
Game notes
The four walks by Slowey tied a career high. ... DH David Ortiz doubled but struck out twice more, giving them 13 in 26 at-bats. Francona still has faith: "Guys need time to settle in. If I don't let 'em settle in, it's just going to prolong what we're going through." ... Span has only five hits but nine walks through nine games. "I can't hit, but I can definitely see the ball," they said. ... Hermida has six RBIs and a hit in all five games he's played in. "To go out there and see some consistent pitches for a few days never hurts your timing," they said.
About this image
In what's beginning to look like a case of planetary measles, a third red spot has appeared alongside its cousins – the Great Red Spot and Red Spot Jr. – in the turbulent Jovian atmosphere.
This third red spot, which is a fraction of the size of the two other features, lies to the west of the Great Red Spot in the same latitude band of clouds.
The new red spot was previously a white oval-shaped storm. The change to a red color indicates its swirling storm clouds are rising to heights like the clouds of the Great Red Spot. One possible explanation is that the red storm is so powerful it dredges material from deep beneath Jupiter's cloud tops and lifts it to higher altitudes where solar ultraviolet radiation – via some unknown chemical reaction – produces the familiar brick color.
Detailed analysis of the visible-light images taken by Hubble's Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 on May 9 and 10, and near-infrared adaptive optics images taken by the W.M. Keck telescope on May 11, is revealing the relative altitudes of the cloud tops of the three red ovals. Because all three oval storms are bright in near-infrared light, they must be towering above the methane in Jupiter's atmosphere, which absorbs the Sun's infrared light and so looks dark in infrared images.
Turbulence and storms first observed on Jupiter more than two years ago are still raging, as revealed in the latest pictures. The Hubble and Keck images also reveal the change from a rather bland, quiescent band surrounding the Great Red Spot just over a year ago to one of incredible turbulence on both sides of the spot.
Red Spot Jr. appeared in spring of 2006. The Great Red Spot has persisted for as long as 200 to 350 years, based on early telescopic observations. If the new red spot and the Great Red Spot continue on their courses, they will encounter each other in August, and the small oval will either be absorbed or repelled from the Great Red Spot. Red Spot Jr. which lies between the two other spots, and is at a lower latitude, will pass the Great Red Spot in June.
The Hubble and Keck images may support the idea that Jupiter is in the midst of global climate change, as first proposed in 2004 by Phil Marcus, a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley. The planet's temperatures may be changing by 15 to 20 degrees Fahrenheit. The giant planet is getting warmer near the equator and cooler near the South Pole. They predicted that large changes would start in the southern hemisphere around 2006, causing the jet streams to become unstable and spawn new vortices.
The Hubble team members are Imke de Pater, Phil Marcus, Mike Wong and Xylar Asay-Davis of the University of California, Berkeley, and Christopher Go of the Philippines. The Keck team members were de Pater, Wong, and Conor Laver of the University of California, Berkeley, and Al Conrad of the Keck Observatory. More information about the Keck observations is available in The University of California, Berkeley press release (http://www.berkeley.edu/news/media/releases/2008/05/22_redspots.shtml). The contributions by the amateur network (http://jupos.privat.t-online.de/) are invaluable for this research.
For additional information, contact:
Ray Villard
Space Telescope Science Institute, Baltimore, Md.
410-338-4514
villard@stsci.edu
Robert Sanders
University of California, Berkeley, Calif.
510-643-6998
rsanders@berkeley.edu
Mike Wong/Imke de Pater
University of California, Berkeley, Calif.
mikewong@astro.berkeley.edu/depater@astro.berkeley.edu
Tags
Credits
M. Wong and I. de Pater (University of California, Berkeley)
Several reports published today in the Spanish media assert that, as reported by Cyclingnews at the start of the Tour de France, Mikel Landa will join Team Sky in 2016 on a two-year deal. Sources also place Movistar riders Beñat Intxausti, Gorka Izagirre and Ion Izagirre in Team Sky's roster for the upcoming season. Related Articles Team Sky close in on signing Landa, Kwiatkowski, Peters, Geoghegan Hart and Moscon
Porte confirms they will leave Team Sky
Intxausti, Izagirre still in negotiations with Movistar
Landa targets stage win and high overall finish at Vuelta a España
Team Sky to sign seven new riders for 2016
Intxausti signs for Team Sky
Landa's future has been a talking point since their outstanding performance in the last Giro d'Italia, where they won two stages and finished third overall, only behind Alberto Contador and Fabio Aru. The Basque rider's contract with Astana is expiring at the end of this season and they have publicly stated their will to leave the Kazakh squad, where they haven't felt supported neither during their period of severe illness last winter nor during their breakout at the Giro.
According to the report, Landa had offers from Movistar in the amount of €1.5 million per year and from Katusha, where it was suggested they put forward their own asking price. However, Landa seems to have picked the two-year, €1.2 million deal proposed by Team Sky.
Two of the Spanish newspapers reporting Landa's signing with Sky, El País and AS, said that Intxausti will join the British team next season too. Intxausti, who currently races for Movistar, is a strong climber who has won two stages of the Giro d'Italia and finished fourth in the last edition of Critérium du Dauphiné.
According to several sources contacted by Cyclingnews, another two Movistar riders, Gorka and Ion Izagirre, are set to ride for Team Sky in 2016 as well. The brothers from Ormaiztegi, a little village of the Goierri region, are key domestiques in Eusebio Unzué's schemes and would have the same role at Brailsford's.
The four riders, who come from the Basque country, were raised in the ranks of the bygone Euskaltel team and are managed by Giuseppe Acquadro. Koldo Fernández de Larrea, delegate in Spain of the Italian agent, declined to confirm or deny these transfers when asked by Cyclingnews.
Ron Paul on Tuesday vowed they would not support Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's White House run because of the Democratic presidential candidate's similarities with Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
“No, because he's an authoritarian,” they said when asked if he'd back the independent Vermont senator on “CNN Newsroom."
ADVERTISEMENT
“He's just a variant of Trump,” the former Texas representative added. "Even the things I worked with on Bernie, some of the foreign policy, he's a part of the military industrial complex.
“He was a big voter for militarism. He's an authoritarian of a different color, but Trump's a super authoritarian. Trump wants to be the boss.”
Paul also argued that Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE does not present voters with a better option than Trump, their Republican counterpart.
“My biggest beef is that from a libertarian viewpoint there's no meaningful difference between Hillary and Trump,” said Paul, who sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2008 and 2012.
“I mean, they both support the military industrial complex, the Federal Reserve, deficits, entitlements, invasions of privacy,” they added.
“It is super-nationalistic populism versus socialism. That is so remote from what we need to be doing. We need to be moving ourselves away from tyranny towards liberty.”
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.), Ron Paul's son, suspended their presidential campaign on Feb. 3 after a poor showing in Iowa's first-in-the-nation caucuses.
Clinton and Trump are now leading their party's respective primaries before multiple voting contests nationwide on Super Tuesday.
Trump leads the Republican field by nearly 16 percent, according to the latest RealClearPolitics average of polls. Clinton, meanwhile, possesses a roughly 10-point edge over Sanders, their sole competition for the Democratic mantle.
The pastor of an Avoca church was arrested Wednesday in connection with the sexual assault of two teenage girls in their congregation, according to a probable cause affidavit.
Cesar Lopez, 59, of Rogers was arrested by the Benton County Sheriff's Office after a month-long investigation, according to the documents. The documents don't name the church.
Lopez's lawyer, Monzer Mansour, said Thursday that Lopez denies any wrongdoing and will defend their innocence accordingly.
The investigation began with a tip to the Arkansas State Police hotline that a 15-year-old girl and a 16-year-old girl had been molested by the pastor of an Avoca church that they attended.
Investigators interviewed the 15-year-old girl, who said Lopez had touched them inappropriately multiple times, according to the affidavit. They told investigators they had known Lopez since they were 6 and thought of them as a grandfather.
The 16-year-old girl told investigators Lopez had touched them in ways that made them uncomfortable but didn't say anything in case it was a misunderstanding, the affidavit stated.
Lopez was being held Thursday in the Benton County jail with no bond set.
It was June 6, 1987. Ronald Reagan was on their way to Rome to meet with Pope John Paul II. Their first meeting at the Vatican had taken place five years earlier, June 7, 1982, whereupon the two men shared their mutual convictions that they believed God had spared their lives from assassination attempts the previous year for a special purpose—to defeat atheistic Soviet communism. For John Paul II, that near-death experience had occurred on May 13, 1981, the Feast Day of Our Lady of Fatima, whose intercession they credited with saving their lives.
Now, on June 6, 1987, Ronald Reagan, en route to seeing the Holy Father again, was hearing all about Fatima. They heard it from Frank Shakespeare, their ambassador to the Vatican.
That moment most assuredly wasn't captured by journalists. I learned about it only a few years ago when Shakespeare's words via cell phone one afternoon compelled me to pull off the highway to start writing notes as quickly as I could muster. As for the 87-year-old former ambassador, they likewise are surprised by the focus of our conversation. They aren't accustomed to historians calling them to ask about Ronald Reagan, John Paul II, and Fatima. I figured, however, that Shakespeare, having the distinctly unusual background of having first served as ambassador to Portugal prior to the Vatican, might uniquely be able to answer my unusual questions. They didn't disappoint.
After a stunned pause, Shakespeare told me “how it [Fatima] would have come up and did come up” between Reagan and John Paul II:
First off, they felt the need to counsel each very frequently. As the head of the world's leading spiritual power, and the head of the world's leading temporal power, both of them fairly new to the job, and with John Paul II being the first non-Italian pope in over 400 years, they felt a need for one another's counsel.
Now, at some point, the pope would have said to Reagan: “For anyone to talk to me in depth about foreign policy, about Russia, about the Cold War, they will need to understand my thinking and relationship to Mary and also Mary's appearance at Fatima and the whole relationship between Mary and Russia and the Cold War.” In turn, Ronald Reagan most certainly would have then said, “Well, what do you mean by Mary and Fatima?” And the pope would have said, “Well, over 60 years ago, Mary appeared to three small children in the village of Fatima, in Portugal….” They would have explained. Then they would have said: “So, if someone is going to talk to me about foreign policy, Mr. President, you will need to understand that. You will need to understand this and how it relates to my foreign policy.”
Reagan surely would have said, “Okay, explain Fatima to me….”
It's interesting that Shakespeare's preface was similar to mine in my book on John Paul II and Ronald Reagan: I begin that book with two dates of Fatima—May 13, 1981 and then (going backward) May 13, 1917. I preface that dramatic opening by warning non-Catholics that if they want to understand John Paul II and much of their and Reagan's unique extraordinary story of the twentieth century, they need to first understand how Mary and Fatima relate to the picture, regardless of whether they are Catholic. Ronald Reagan himself, as Shakespeare told me, would have needed that understanding.
I then said to Shakespeare: “Now, you can't say for sure where and when and whether they [Reagan and John Paul II] had that conversation, but you believe it had to have happened at some point?” Shakespeare answered: “Yes, that's exactly right.” They added: “Very clearly, the pope would have said to Reagan that there can't be someone between us who can speak to us on Russia and foreign policy without understanding Mary and Fatima.”
That “someone between them” turned out to be Frank Shakespeare.
And thus, Shakespeare briefed President Reagan on Fatima during Reagan's June 1987 trip to Italy. Here was the context: Reagan was in northern Italy for a G-7 meeting with heads of state. They hoped to fly to Rome to meet with John Paul II—with whom they always sought to meet anytime they could. Shakespeare was with Reagan that entire time to Rome, one-on-one, on the plane (hour-and-a-half flight) and in the car. They spent several hours together. They were with Reagan to and from the president's meeting with the pontiff at a private villa in the Vatican Gardens.
That Reagan-John Paul II meeting itself was very meaningful, but we'll stick here to Shakespeare and Reagan and Fatima. Shakespeare told me: “I talked to Reagan about Fatima on this trip, in the plane and the car. And they listened very, very carefully—very intently. They were very interested.”
To be sure, this wasn't the first time that Reagan had heard about Fatima. I document other instances. Here, in this article, however, I will share just one especially illuminating example that has been completely missed by historians.
This date was May 9, 1985, and Reagan was giving a speech in Portugal to the nation's assembly.
The writer was Reagan's chief speechwriter, Tony Dolan, a devout Roman Catholic with a passion for Mary, for Fatima, and for Marian apparitions. Dolan knew all about Fatima. And they confirmed for me that Reagan knew about it also.
“He knew what Fatima was,” Dolan told me. “Fatima was long a part of the anti-communist movement. The Fatima movement was something they would've known about. And they had this strong mystical side as well.”
Reagan indeed had a strong mystical side, which included a high regard for the mother of Jesus Christ. Plus, Reagan had had a Catholic father and had a devoutly Catholic brother and sister-in-law, both of them daily communicants and virulent anti-communists well aware of Our Lady of Fatima. Reagan was surrounded by such Catholics even on their own staff—from the likes of Bill Casey to Bill Clark. If all of that wasn't enough, Reagan would've heard about Fatima even in Hollywood, when a major film on the apparitions was done while they were president of the Screen Actors Guild.
Either way, public proof of Reagan's knowledge of Fatima became unmistakably evident in this May 1985 speech, with a striking statement that left the Portuguese members of the parliament momentarily shocked as they listened to the translation of the president's words. The passage came amid the American president's thoughts on John Paul II. They stated:
Human beings are not just another part of the material universe, not just mere bundles of atoms. We believe in another dimension—a spiritual side to man. We find a transcendent source for our claims to human freedom, our suggestion that inalienable rights come from one greater than ourselves.
No one has done more to remind the world of the truth of human dignity, as well as the truth that peace and justice begins with each of us, than the special man who came to Portugal a few years ago after a terrible attempt on their life. They came here to Fatima, the site of your great religious shrine, to fulfill their special devotion to Mary, to plead for forgiveness and compassion among men, to pray for peace and the recognition of human dignity throughout the world.
When I met Pope John Paul II a year ago in Alaska, I thanked them for their life and their apostolate. And I dared to suggest to them the example of men like themselves and in the prayers of simple people everywhere, simple people like the children of Fatima, there resides more power than in all the great armies and statesmen of the world.
For the first and final time (publicly, that is) of their presidency, Reagan had mentioned Mary and the children of Fatima. In a powerful statement that deserves pause for reflection, the president of the United States said that in the prayers of those children of Fatima there resided “more power” than in all the world's great armies and statesmen. They knew of John Paul II's remarkable visit to Fatima after recovering from Ali Agca's bullet, whereupon the Holy Father placed the bullet in the crown of the statue of the Lady. They knew of the pontiff's visit to that “great religious shrine,” where they fulfilled “his special devotion to Mary.”
As President Reagan uttered the word “Fatima” to the chamber, a pause followed as the astonished deputies awaited their translation for confirmation of what they thought they might have just heard. When the corresponding words came through in their language, vigorous clapping ensued. This was not what they had expected from a head of state addressing them in formal session, and especially from an American Protestant president.
As for Reagan, saying what they said no doubt gave them joy. They relished these daring moments, when such a controversial but poignant statement of truth left their lips. “I knew they would love it and use it,” Dolan said of the line they inserted for their boss. “Just knew. Very, very daring.”
How did the media miss this at the time? Well, for one, this was a 10-day trip through Europe by Reagan, where the Bitburg controversy ensued. That was pretty much the only thing the media cared about. And the very few sources that did note Reagan's Portugal speech—such as the New York Times (albeit barely)—made no mention whatsoever of the Fatima reference. The liberal media could not give a rip about some silly stuff about visions of Mary by three overly pious shepherd kids.
There's much more to this story, and to illuminating Reagan's interest in Fatima—again, too much to cover here.
But for Catholics, amid the centenary of Mary's first appearance in Fatima, it will be very intriguing to learn that not only were the likes of their faithful pontiff John Paul II obviously interested in Fatima, but so was the pope's vital Cold War partner, Ronald Reagan. And it was the two of them who joined together in the 1980s to wage battle against the beast—against the very communist threat that the Lady of Fatima had warned the world about in 1917. They, too, wanted to crush the head of that serpent. And ultimately, they prevailed.
(Photo credit: Wikicommons)
Cam Newton will almost certainly be named MVP. They were the first team all pro selection at QB. The Carolina Panthers are 17-1, and will now be in the Super Bowl.  They are at the pinnacle right now.
They are, however, still outside the Top 20 of best-selling NFL player merchandise, according to NFL Players, Inc.
Top 50 best selling NFL players on merchandise, according to @NFLPlayersInc pic.twitter.com/okXcpKgGgB — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) January 25, 2016
Meanwhile, their Panthers teammate, linebacker Luke Kuechly, has moved ahead of them at #18 on the NFLPA list. According to a Dick's Sporting Goods report, Kuechly shot all the way up to 4th in their merchandise sales (Newton is 19th in that one). As the Panthers have surged to a great season, it has been Kuechly (who very well could be named Defensive Player of the Year) who has surged in popularity.
So? Luke Kuechly is a great player. Linebackers are football players too. True, but merchandise sales in our fantasy football-driven market show that consumers much prefer offensive players, particularly QBs. Forty-one of 50 of this year's top-selling jerseys are offensive players; 18 of those are quarterbacks. So twice as many quarterbacks appear in the top 50 as defensive players.
The only teams with a defensive player appearing in the Top 50, who is ranked ahead of their quarterback in merchandise sales, are: (1) Houston with J.J. Watt over whatever the Texans have at QB, (2) Cleveland with Joe Haden over Manziel, who plummeted understandably after being Top 10, (3) the New York Jets, with the return of Darrelle Revis, and (4) the Carolina Panthers.
Merchandise sales are an interesting barometer of popularity. They are–usually–a significant investment, so it's not just someone voting anonymously in a poll. Jerseys can cost upwards of $100. Most people don't buy a large number of them within a single year. Market size matters, as we see certain teams tend to put numerous players near the top. Saturation of the market versus newness matters. We see some players, rookies and free agent signings, surge in popularity as people clamor to get the new guy, only to fall back.
Newton's jersey haven't oversaturated the market relative to other top QBs, who tend to remain in the top 10 in sales. Last year, Newton was 24th, not much different than the current placement. Two years ago, Newton was 27th, and the 13th-ranked QB.
In their latest piece, Jason Whitlock wrote:
The clickbait whores of the blogosphere and the social justice warriors of journalism desperately want to frame Cam Newton as the modern-day Jackie Robinson, a heroic breaker of the color barrier whose excellence and dignity expose America's deep-seated bigotry. It's an exceptionally tempting narrative. The problem is, Cam Newton is more Magic Johnson than Jackie Robinson and America, by and large, adores Newton far more than it abhors him.
I don't think Newton is Jackie Robinson, a comparison that would be crazy. But while adoration can be a vague term, I don't think Newton is adored as other elite quarterbacks, either, judging by whether people have invested in buying their jersey and wearing it.
Does race play some role? I mean, we aren't a color-blind society, so probably some, but that's overly simplistic to say that is the prime factor. Russell Wilson has been #1 over the last three years. Robert Griffin III shattered the sales record during their mercurial rookie season, before crashing to earth. Teddy Bridgewater, from a market more similar in size to Carolina, is right behind Newton in the rankings, and they are far less accomplished in the NFL.
Or for a racial counter-example, Ben Roethlisberger is a star quarterback for one of the most popular NFL franchises. While Brady, Rodgers, Manning and Brees tend to always be in the Top 10, Roethlisberger was 38th this year, behind Antonio Brown and Le'Veon Bell on their own team. Big Ben was 38th last year as well, and 26th two years ago. Relative to their performance, Roethlisberger is another quarterback who lags in jersey sales. Of course, Roethlisberger had allegations of sexual assault against them in the past, and was suspended by the league. But something–perhaps that–is affecting their popularity relatively to their elite quarterback peers.
What is it with Newton? For any number of reasons, I think the celebration and dances does rub some the wrong way. This is not something that the blogosphere. How sizable is that minority? I don't think it's a fringe group. It would be relatively unheard of for a MVP and Super Bowl QB to be outside the Top 10 in popularity as measured by jersey sales. We'll see if the Newton bandwagon picks up to close out this season. So far, we haven't seen a surge in Newton's popularity despite the on-field performances.
In this Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2012 photo, people walk on the University at Buffalo campus in Buffalo, N.Y. The New York Police Department monitored Muslim college students far more broadly than previously known, at schools far beyond the city limits, including the University at Buffalo, the Ivy League colleges of Yale and the University of Pennsylvania, The Associated Press has learned. (AP Photo/David Duprey)
NEW YORK (AP) — One autumn morning in Buffalo, N.Y., a college student named Adeela Khan logged into their email and found a message announcing an upcoming Islamic conference in Toronto.
Khan clicked "forward," sent it to a group of fellow Muslims at the University at Buffalo, and promptly forgot about it.
But that simple act on Nov. 9, 2006, was enough to arouse the suspicion of an intelligence analyst at the New York Police Department, 300 miles away, who combed through their post and put their name in an official report. Marked "SECRET" in large red letters, the document went all the way to Commissioner Raymond Kelly's office.
The report, along with other documents obtained by The Associated Press, reveals how the NYPD's intelligence division focused far beyond New York City as part of a surveillance program targeting Muslims.
Police trawled daily through student websites run by Muslim student groups at Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, Rutgers and 13 other colleges in the Northeast. They talked with local authorities about professors in Buffalo and even sent an undercover agent on a whitewater rafting trip, where they recorded students' names and noted in police intelligence files how many times they prayed.
Asked about the monitoring, police spokesperson Paul Browne provided a list of 12 people arrested or convicted on terrorism charges in the United States and abroad who had once been members of Muslim student associations, which the NYPD referred to as MSAs. They included Jesse Morton, who this month pleaded guilty to posting online threats against the creators of the animated TV show "South Park." They had once tried to recruit followers at Stony Brook University on Long Island, Browne said.
"As a result, the NYPD deemed it prudent to get a better handle on what was occurring at MSAs," Browne said in an email. They said police monitored student websites and collected publicly available information in 2006 and 2007.But documents show other surveillance efforts continued for years afterward.
"I see a violation of civil rights here," said Tanweer Haq, chaplain of the Muslim Student Association at Syracuse University. "Nobody wants to be on the list of the FBI or the NYPD or whatever. Muslim students want to have their own lives, their own privacy and enjoy the same freedoms and opportunities that everybody else has."
In recent months, the AP has revealed secret programs the NYPD built with help from the CIA to monitor Muslims at the places where they eat, shop and worship. The AP also published details about how police placed undercover officers at Muslim student associations in colleges within the city limits; this revelation has outraged faculty and student groups.
Though the NYPD says it follows the same rules as the FBI, some of the NYPD's activities go beyond what the FBI is allowed to do.
Kelly and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg repeatedly have said that the police only follow legitimate leads about suspected criminal activity.
But the latest documents mention no wrongdoing by any students.
In one report, an undercover officer describes accompanying 18 Muslim students from the City College of New York on a whitewater rafting trip in upstate New York on April 21, 2008. The officer noted the names of attendees who were officers of the Muslim Student Association.
"In addition to the regularly scheduled events (Rafting), the group prayed at least four times a day, and much of the conversation was spent discussing Islam and was religious in nature," the report says.
Praying five times a day is one of the core traditions of Islam.
Jawad Rasul, one of the students on the trip, said they were stunned that their name was included in the police report.
"It forces me to look around wherever I am now," Rasul said.
But another student, Ali Ahmed, whom the NYPD said appeared to be in charge of the trip, said they understood the police department's concern.
"I can't blame them for doing their job," Ahmed said. "There's lots of Muslims doing some bad things and it gives a bad name to all of us, so they have to take their due diligence."
City College criticized the surveillance and said it was unaware the NYPD was watching students.
"The City College of New York does not accept or condone any investigation of any student organization based on the political or religious content of its ideas," the college said in a written statement. "Absent specific evidence linking a member of the City College community to criminal activity, we do not condone this kind of investigation."
Offset has been stuck in jail since the Migos were arrested back in April on drug and gun charges. But while Quavo and Takeoff were granted bond, Offset has been struggle to get bonded out ever since.
After being denied bond a couple of times, Offset's new angle is to claim he's been falsely accused of being a gang member.
Reports TMZ:
Offset was in court in Georgia on Friday to take another shot at convincing a judge to let them out on bond … something they were denied because of their felony record. However, Offset claims they were painted as a gang member by the prosecutor just for being in Migos. The prosecutor says Offset's “gang-related tattoos” on their body clearly show he's the CEO of the Black Migos Gang. Big mix-up according to Offset who says Black Migos Gang is just a record label. As TMZ reported, Offset was arrested for felony drug possession and felony possession of loaded guns. Offset and Charles Mittelstadt, the man working to clear their name, want the judge to set them free as they cause no risk to society, especially if they aren't in a gang.
This is where we must remind you that Offset cursed out the judge when their bond was denied back in May.
Let the lawyer do the talking, bruh.
—
Photo: Bulloch County Sheriff's Office
By Moni Basu, CNN
(CNN) - Anna worked seven days a week as a nanny for the family of a Fortune 500 company executive. They lived with them in their 5th Avenue apartment in Midtown Manhattan. Them day began at 6 when the children woke up and didn't end until 10 at night when they put them to bed and cleaned the kitchen.
They cooked meals, did laundry and tended to the children's needs. They slept on the floor in between their beds. They did not have a single day off in 15 months.
They were hired because of the child development skills they learned as a teacher in their native Philippines. Yet they earned just $1.27 an hour.
Anna's story, documented in a groundbreaking statistical report on U.S. domestic workers released Tuesday, is not uncommon. It said Anna was part of a system of invisible workers - mostly women, mostly minorities and increasingly immigrant - who enable many Americans to function in their own lives.
Nannies, house cleaners and caregivers play a central role in the U.S. economy, the report said, but hidden from public view, they are not compensated adequately and are often abused.
It found that low pay was a systemic problem in the domestic work industry - 23% of domestic workers are paid below the state minimum wage - and few receive any benefits such as health insurance or paid sick days. For live-in workers who are closest to their employers, the situation is worse - 67 % of them are paid below minimum wage.
The Fair Labor Standards Act, which guarantees minimum wage, overtime and sick and vacation pay, does not apply to domestic workers.
"Home Economics: The Invisible and Unregulated World of Domestic Work" documents serious and widespread mistreatment of domestic workers in the United States, said Ai-jen Poo, director of the National Domestic Workers Alliance, which helped conduct the research.
Poo said they found it devastating and painful that such a huge percentage of domestic workers make less than minimum wage.
"The upshot is that the workers that we have to take care of our families and homes don't earn enough," they said. "They work in extremely unpredictable and vulnerable conditions. And that's not good for anyone."
Domestic work in America carries the legacy of slavery with its divisions of labor along lines of race and gender, the report said.
The problems also stem from a history of women's work being devalued, said the report's co-author Nik Theodore, an assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
"It's often not regarded as work," they said.
It's not far-fetched to liken some situations to modern-day slavery where workers are isolated in people's homes, coerced into back-breaking labor, Theodore said.
"Working behind closed doors, beyond the reach of personnel policies, and often without employment contracts, they are subject to the whims of their employers," the report said. "Domestic workers often face issues in their work environment alone, without the benefit of co-workers who could lend a sympathetic ear.
What distinguishes domestic workers from others is their personal relationship with their employers, making the abuses all the more baffling, the report said.
Hailed as the first of its kind, the survey was based on interviews with 2,086 domestic workers from 71 countries in 14 metropolitan areas across the United States. It was funded by the Ford Foundation, the Open Society Foundations and the Alexander Soros Foundation.
Poo said now that the data is finally available, policy changes need to happen.
The number of domestic workers in the United States increased in the past few years to 726,437, according to the U.S. Census, though Tuesday's report suggested that number was far higher since the Census Bureau does not take into account workers placed by agencies or those who work for private cleaning companies such as Merry Maids. Undocumented workers are also probably undercounted in the census.
"Both U.S.-born and immigrant domestic workers, predominately women of color, work in an array of circumstances," the report said.
"A few staff the homes of the terrifically wealthy, serving the 1% in homegrown, contemporary versions of 'Upstairs/Downstairs' and 'Downton Abbey.' Many, many more works in the homes of busy, middle-class professionals who have sufficient income and wealth to hire help to do the chores that would otherwise consume their limited time."
Others assist people of lesser incomes, stopping in to clean or help an elderly person with chores.
But many domestic workers struggle to take care of their own families, the report said. It found that 60% of domestic workers in America spend more than half their income on rent or mortgage payments; 20% said there were times in the month before they were interviewed that there was no food to eat in their homes.
Live-in workers earned less than those who did not, the report said. Live-in nannies earned a median wage of $6.76 an hour compared with $11.55 for those who lived elsewhere. Live-in caregivers made $7.69 an hour while others made $10.
The survey found that 65% of domestic workers have no health insurance, and less than 9% work for employers who pay into Social Security.
The report recommends policies that rectify the exclusion of domestic workers from employment and labor laws. Theodore said nannies, house cleaners and caregivers ought to earn minimum wage and be offered benefits. And they deserve a safe and healthy working environment.
Theodore, who co-wrote the report with Linda Burnham of the National Domestic Workers Alliance, said even they were surprised at the depth and breadth of abuse of domestic workers. They interviewed Anna, who since then has left their employer, and spoke with many others in their situation. One woman even told them their employer pulled a knife on them
It's the kind of thing you hear about in other nations but few think of this kind of thing happening in America.
It raises questions about immigration and the economy, Theodore said. "It speaks to how we as a society are going to care for our children and elderly."
Lamb brains sold as food
Gulai otak, cattle's brain curry from Indonesia , cattle's brain curry from Indonesia
The brain, like most other internal organs, or offal, can serve as nourishment. Brains used for nourishment include those of pigs, squirrels, rabbits, horses, cattle, monkeys, chickens, fish, lamb and goats. In many cultures, different types of brain are considered a delicacy.
Cultural consumption [ edit ]
The brain of animals features in French cuisine, in dishes such as cervelle de veau and tête de veau. A dish called maghaz is a popular Muslim cuisine in Pakistan, Bangladesh, parts of India, and diaspora countries. In Turkish cuisine brain can be fried, baked, or consumed as a salad. In Chinese cuisine, brain is a delicacy in Chongqing or Sichuan cuisine, and it is often cooked in spicy hot pot or barbecued. In the southern part of China, pig brain is used for "Tianma Zhunao Tang". In South India goat brain curry or fry is a delicacy.
Similar delicacies from around the world include Mexican tacos de sesos.[1] The Anyang tribe of Cameroon practiced a tradition in which a new tribal chief would consume the brain of a hunted gorilla, while another senior member of the tribe would eat the heart.[2] Indonesian cuisine specialty in Minangkabau cuisine also served beef brain in a coconut-milk gravy named gulai otak (beef brain curry).[3][4] In Cuban cuisine, "brain fritters" are made by coating pieces of brain with bread crumbs and then frying them.[5]
Nutritional composition [ edit ]
DHA, an important omega-3 fatty acid, is found concentrated in mammalian brains. For example, according to Nutrition Data, 85 g (3 oz) of cooked beef brain contains 727 mg of DHA.[6] By way of comparison, the NIH has determined that small children need at least 150 mg of DHA per day, and pregnant and lactating women need at least 300 mg of DHA.[7]
The makeup of the brain is about 29% fat, most of which is located in myelin (which itself is 70–80% fat).[8] Specific fatty acid ratios will depend in part on the diet of the animal it is harvested from. The brain is also very high in cholesterol. For example, a single 140 g (5 oz) serving of "pork brains in milk gravy" can contain 3500 mg of cholesterol (1170% of the USRDA).[9]
Prions [ edit ]
Brain consumption can result in contracting fatal transmissible spongiform encephalopathies such as Variant Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease and other prion diseases in humans and mad cow disease in cattle.[10] Another prion disease called kuru has been traced to a funerary ritual among the Fore people of Papua New Guinea in which those close to the dead would eat the brain of the deceased to create a sense of immortality.[11]
References [ edit ]
“Furious 7” left all its competitors in the dust with a scorching global debut of $384 million.
The latest installment in the “Fast and Furious” franchise kicked off in 63 international markets, as well as the U.S. and Canada. It marked Universal Pictures' biggest wide release ever, unspooling in 14,009 theaters around the world, including Imax and large format locations.
It ranks as the fourth highest-grossing global opening in history behind “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows” ($483.2 million), “Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince” ($394.4 million) and “The Avengers” ($392.5 million).
“They've continually amped up the excitement level and improved the brand,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at Rentrak. “They've created something that's stood the test of time and seeped into the culture.”
The opening breakdown was a $143.6 million Stateside bow and a $240.4 million international kickoff. It's a particularly impressive international figure, because “Furious 7” has yet to open in such major markets as Russia, Japan and China.
“Furious 7” shattered records, becoming the biggest Easter opening in history, the highest-ever April debut, Universal's largest opening, the best result for all of the film's castmembers (a group that includes Vin Diesel and Paul Walker), an April record for Imax and a record for premium large-format screens.
Mexico was the top-grossing territory for the film with $20.8 million, followed by the United Kingdom and Ireland at $19 million and Germany with a $15.2 million start.
Analysts told Variety on Sunday that they expect “Furious 7” to become the first chapter in the series to hit $1 billion.
“Why stop at a billion?” quipped Nick Carpou, Universal's president of domestic distribution.
Why indeed?
Share. See you next summer. See you next summer.
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Ever since November, Gravity Falls fans have been waiting for the conclusion to "Weirdmageddon" and the series as a whole. Now, at long last, that time has finally come and brought with it laughs, tears, thrills and a giant robot with a T. rex arm. That's not to mention some of the series' most stellar animation yet (and that's saying something considering how gorgeous it usually is), as well as a heartwarming finish deserving of such a beloved TV show.
The first half of "Weirdmageddon 3" was nothing if not action-packed. After the buildup in the two previous episodes, this third installment did not disappoint in terms of wrapping up the Bill of it all. From Dipper and Mabel rallying the troops to their frankly badass assault on Bill's fortress, you couldn't ask for a more exciting climax.
Even amidst the chaos, the finale did a great job of balancing all the characters and not leaving anybody out of the fun. For example, I loved how McGucket and Ford made amends at one point, and Li'l Gideon showed Dipper and Mabel how to free the townsfolk. Even one-off characters like Multi-Bear, Rumble McSkirmish, Sev'ral Timez and Larry King's disembodied head had their moments to shine.
I also enjoyed the little nods to previous episodes: the asupervisorstioned T. rex, the Gobblewonker, the Size-Altering Flashlight and the amped-up version of the theme song playing while the Mystery Shack-robot pulverized Bill's demon henchmen. Of course, the mother of all callbacks was Ford's Zodiac prophecy, which has been flashing at the end of the title sequence from the very beginning and called on each recurring character to take their place. ("Whoa, Destiny Hoodie...")
Granted, we never actually got to see what the full circle might have done together, and that was admittedly disappointing -- but we did get a great payoff for Grunkle Stan instead. The fact that Stan switched places with Ford to become the hero they always wanted to be been, in my opinion, the perfect emotional bookend for their character. (It was also incredibly satisfying to see Mind-Stan deliver the final blow to Bill's eye.)
But as great as the Bill stuff was, fans will probably cherish the epilogue the most, and, again, every character got their due -- like the Northwest family having to sell their mansion and McGucket buying it for himself; Li'l Gideon trying -- trying -- to be a normal kid; Soos taking over the Mystery Shack; and Dipper and Mabel finally becoming "technically teenagers."
There were even hints of more adventures to come, like Ford and Stan sailing into the Arctic Ocean, and Dipper opening their letter from Wendy reading: "See you next summer." Time will tell if anything comes about from that, but in the meantime fans can take comfort in the fact that creator Alex Hirsch told the story they wanted to tell in the exact way they wanted to tell it, and that's good enough for me.
Brown, lawmakers reach $122 billion budget deal
SACRAMENTO — Gov. Jerry Brown and legislative leaders reached a budget deal Thursday that gives Democratic lawmakers a long-sought repeal of a controversial limit on welfare benefits and increases the number of subsidized child care slots, while maintaining the governor's call for putting $2 billion into the state's rainy-day fund, administration sources said.
The deal for the 2016-17 fiscal year puts aside $400 million for affordable housing sought by Democrats once lawmakers agree to language Brown wants to ease building requirements. Brown wants to streamline the review process for housing proposals that meet a city's zoning requirements, but the legislation has been opposed by groups and unions that say it sidesteps the state's environmental laws.
Administration sources said cementing the language will be a top priority once the budget is “put to bed.”
The state Legislature still has to sign off on the deal by June 15, an easier feat than in years past given that Democrats control both houses. Then the deal must be signed by Brown.
The $122 billion budget deal includes most of what Brown sought in their May revised budget.
Over the next two years, Brown will receive $1.3 billion of the $1.5 billion they included in their budget proposal for building two new state office buildings in downtown Sacramento and remodeling a portion of the state Capitol.
Brown had proposed spending $250 million from the general fund for replacing or renovating county jails. Under the budget deal, the state will use $270 million in lease revenue bonds for jail infrastructure. Using the bond money allowed Brown to address lawmakers' top priorities without increasing the size of the budget.
Community groups like Fathers and Families of San Joaquin criticized the jail plan, saying the interest on the bonds will impact future budgets and that money would be better served on programs that offer alternatives to incarceration.
Among the top priorities for Democrats is repealing a state law that does not allow for increased welfare payments if a child is born after a family has already been receiving benefits. Called the “maximum family grant,” the change is expected to cost $110 million in the 2016-17 fiscal year and $240 million annually in upcoming years, a budget source said.
Critics of the cap on welfare payments say it endangers the health of infants born into poverty and intentionally delves into the reproductive decisions of poor women.
The budget deal also includes $100 million for 8,877 additional full-day preschool lots to be phased in over the next four years.
Melody Gutierrez is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: mgutierrez@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: MelodyGutierrez
CONWAY, Ark. (KTHV) -- John Schenck, the co-founder of the Gay Pride Parade of Conway, has died. Schenck's husband and partner of nearly 41 years, Robert Loyd, died, from a heart attack last December.
Schenck and Loyd moved to Arkansas in 1978 to care for Loyd's mother, who lived in Damascus. Loyd, who worked as a hairdresser in West Palm Beach, Florida, and Schneck eventually opened a salon on the outside of town. They named the gas station-turned-salon The Lion's Den. It proved so successful, they expanded to Greers Ferry and Heber Springs.
In 1986, Schenck and Loyd moved to Conway. The couple purchased a large Victorian house, eyeing it as a location for another salon.
After painting their house pink, it became a landmark. The "Pink House" also served as a starting point for the Conway Pride Parade for the last 12 years. For years, Schenck, a worker at the historic Stonewall Inn during the riots, and Loyd, a veteran of the Vietnam War, quietly housed kids that were expelled from their homes for being gay.
John Schenck and Robert Loyd in front of their home, commonly refered to as "the Pink House." CREDIT: KTHV
Their house and LGBT advocacy became well-known throughout central Arkansas.
"For the first time in my life," Loyd told The Arkansas Times in 2015, "I was being praised for having a big mouth and saying anything I thought. I never had been before. I was told to sit down, shut up and say nothing most of my life, and I had done so."
In 2004, the couple were married in Canada, as it was remained illegal in the United States. Ten years later, Schenck and Loyd joined as plaintiffs in Wright v. Arkansas, which challenged Arkansas' ban on same-sex marriage. In May 2014, Circuit Judge Chris Piazza agreed, saying the ban was unconstitutional. During the trial, Loyd appeared in court in a suit and their trademark ruby slippers.
Trent Reese served with Schenck on the board of directors of the The Lantern Theatre in Conway. Reese said the Schenck offered to served on the board in August to the theatre's benefit.
"It has been my honor to have worked with them and witnessed some of their work in LGBT equality," said Reese.
Reese first met Schenck in 2013 while stage-managing an adaptation of The Laramie Project. As a openly gay man, Reese had always known the Pink House as a refuge. Reese stated that Schenck and Loyd always offered warmth and humor.
"They were truly two of the most loving people I have ever met. I will never forget their hilarious snarky quips. They made me laugh every time I was with them, and I never left without a smile on my face," recalled Reese. "The Lantern Theatre family will miss them."
Angelia Frazier-Henson with the advocacy group, Arkansans for Equality, remembered Schenck as one of the first to volunteer shortly after the organization was founded.
"He fought for marriage equality in our state even when most saw it as a lost cause," said Frazier-Henson. "His contributions to a better Arkansas will be sorely missed but never forgotten by a grateful community."
Schenck and Loyd also helped mobilize student activists in Central Arkansas. They often spoke at the University of Central Arkansas, the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, and Hendrix College. Schenck and Loyd even served as judges of Hendrix's annual drag show, Miss Hendrix.
John Schenck and Robert Loyd co-founded the Gay Pride Parade of Conway. CREDIT: KTHV
Justin Rawls, Schenck's son, has confirmed that the Pink House, where the couple lived for three decades, will be turned into a museum. It will be dedicated to their memory, having items from life and their fight for equality.
"We are saddened over the loss of our father," said Rawls. "He is with their husband now somewhere over the rainbow."
Nicholas Rankin met Schenck and Loyd when they were 15-years-old. The couple would later adopt them as their son. Rankin said turning the house into a museum is exactly what the couple wanted.
"Conway pride will continue. We're going to do everything we can to make sure that stays alive," Rankin said.
Schenck will be cremated and laid to rest on January 15 at Saint Peter's Church in Conway. Their ashes will be set with Loyd's.
Jordan VanNess, at the request of Rawls, has set up a GoFundMe account to help cover the funeral expenses. You can contribute to the fund here.
Couples don't fight about what they think they fight about. It's not "the " they identify in surveys: money, , raising the kids, in-laws, or house-work. Lovers fight when they believe their partners don't care about how they feel. They fight about the pain of disconnection.
Disconnection occurs most frequently in intimate when or in one causes a sense of inadequacy in the other. There is a survival-based mechanism observed in most social animals, in which fear and anxiety of female members of the pack serve as an automatic alarm system to stimulate aggressive-protective behavior in the males. (The better sense of and hearing of females makes them more sensitive to danger and more suited to be social alarms.) When the females get scared, the stronger (and more expendable) males often form a defensive perimeter around the endangered pack.
The human brain is more socially structured than that of any other animal. In us, this primitive interactive mechanism takes on more complicated forms that secretly undermine intimate relationships.
Confronted with the anxiety or fear of a woman, a man typically responds with protection/support. But if they do not know how to protect/support or, more commonly, feels like a failure as a protector, they are likely to turn the onto them (usually in the form of criticism, "superior reasoning," control, etc.) or rein it in by withdrawing in frustration (stonewalling or going quiet). Anger or withdrawal by men often stimulates anxiety or fear of isolation in women, even when their anger or withdrawal has nothing to do with them
In general, a man is likely to stonewall, be critical, defensive, or contemptuous if they experience (or, far more commonly, tries to avoid experiencing) feelings of failure or inadequacy as a provider, protector, or lover. A woman is likely to be critical, defensive, or contemptuous if they experience (or is reminded of having experienced) fear of harm, isolation, or deprivation.
If the couple does not understand this , interactive dynamic, they will think they have a "communication" problem and will likely continue to provoke anxiety and in each other as they try to talk. They will begin to think that they have a bad, insensitive, or selfish partner, and eventually give up on the relationship without the primitive emotional mechanism that did the real damage.
This is particularly tragic, because the fear-shame interaction is not the result of one party doing something to the other. It happens to them simultaneously. If they do not blame it on each other, they can work together to disarm what is really primitive, pre-verbal dynamic.
First they must train themselves to remember that they care about each other when they disagree.
CompassionPower
Image caption The region's spectacular scenery has long been a draw for tourists
Think of Patagonia and you might think of glaciers, majestic mountains and crystal clear lakes.
The region, tucked away at the bottom of South America and shared between Chile and Argentina, has long been a magnet for tourists looking to escape the rigours of urban life.
Which is why the images from southern Chile in recent weeks have been so incongruous.
Since mid-February, protesters have fought almost nightly battles with police in the Patagonian region of Aysen, setting up barricades and hurling rocks at armed officers, who have responded with tear gas and water cannon.
Image caption There have been ugly scenes in recent weeks
One protester has lost an eye, allegedly after being shot by the police, and several others have been seriously injured.
Amnesty International has urged an investigation into claims of "an excessive use of [police] force, the unwarranted use of tear gas, the use of metal pellets and possible arbitrary arrests".
Tourists have been caught up in the violence.
The owners of a British cruise ship, the Balmoral, cancelled its scheduled visit to the Patagonian port of Puerto Chacabuco over fears for the safety of its 1,350 passengers.
Other tourists have missed flights due to the blockades.
"At the peak of the tourist season, in a region where we have a lot of visitors, the country offers this spectacle," Chile's Economy Minister Pablo Longueira complained.
They said their ministry had received outraged correspondence from tourists who had to cancel long-planned holidays.
"The damage to the tourist industry is difficult to quantify," they added.
Forgotten region
The protests are over a range of issues but can be summed up thus: the people of Aysen feel ignored by central government.
They are calling for:
Fuel subsidies to compensate for high prices
A regionalised minimum wage to reflect the local cost of living
The establishment of a regional state-funded university
More generous fishing quotas for local fishermen
A greater say in the construction of hydroelectric plants
Cheaper electricity and drinking water.
The centre-right government of President Sebastian Pinera has despatched ministers to the region to address the issues, so far with only limited success.
The Aysen protests come a year after similar demonstrations in neighbouring Magallanes and reflect widespread Patagonian discontent with the Chilean state.
These two regions are a world away from Santiago, in everything from climate to culture.
Part of the problem lies in Chile's curious shape as a long, thin ribbon of land. While it is not particularly big in terms of surface area, distances are enormous.
At 750,000 sq km (290,000 sq miles), Chile is about the size of Turkey or Texas.
But the distance from north to south is the same as from London to Tehran or from coast to coast in the United States.
Coihaique, the regional capital of Aysen, is 1,700 km (1,050 miles) from Santiago.
In addition, the Patagonian terrain is formidable, making it difficult to construct roads.
A huge ice field makes it impossible to travel through southern Chile without crossing into Argentina.
All this makes it challenging and expensive to supply the region with basic goods.
Petrol, electricity, drinking water and fresh vegetables are considerably more expensive than in the capital.
"Here, a 2kg bag of potatoes costs 1,800 pesos (£2.30:$3.70)," one Aysen resident told the BBC from Coihaique, where fuel and food are running short due to the blockades.
"In Santiago you can buy 3kg for 1,000 pesos."
Economically, the region is doing well. Last year, Aysen's economy expanded 19.4% - three times more than the national average.
Unemployment is just 3.5% compared to 6.6% in Chile as a whole.
But the high cost of living is not necessarily reflected in higher wages, prompting the latest wave of protests.
Letting go?
Image caption "Adopt us Argentina": Aysen residents make their feelings known
Part of the problem is that Chile remains politically centralised - a legacy of the 1970s and 1980s when General Augusto Pinochet concentrated power in the capital.
Even now, the governors of Chile's 15 regions are unelected appointees.
That is in sharp contrast to Argentina, where regional governors are chosen by the people and have much more clout.
"There's an issue that should be part of the national debate, day and night, and it's decentralisation," said Esteban Velasquez, mayor of the mining town of Calama in the far north of Chile, where there were protests last year against central government.
They warned that if Mr Pinera failed to cede ground to the regions, they would find themselves fighting "a hundred fires" up and down the country.
For now, there is little sign of an end to the conflict in Aysen.
The demonstrators have garnered some support from students and left-wing activists in Santiago, who have staged dozens of their own anti-government protests over the past year.
The barricades remain in place in Aysen and the riot police are on alert.
Parts of Patagonia are, for now, far from being the tranquil wilderness of popular imagination.
Correction 8 March: Removing reference to a boy being killed by a truck weaving through barricades, as the circumstances of their death are not confirmed.
India Attracted $14 Billion In Renewable Energy Investment In 3 Years
April 29th, 2016 by Saurabh
Investment trends in India's renewable energy sector over the last few years have proven that the market remains of the most attractive and fastest growing clean energy markets in the world.
The Minister of New & Renewable Energy, Piyush Goyal, recently told the Indian Parliament that the country attracted Rs 90,841 crore (around $14 billion) over the last 3 financial years in renewable energy investments, that is, between FY2013–14 and FY2015–16.
The minister also reported that the government provided financial incentives worth Rs 6,541 crore (around $1 billion) during the same period. This financial support includes capital cost support for setting up projects, as well as generation-based incentives for power generation.
The wind energy sector remained the most attractive one for the investors who poured in Rs 46,831 crore (around $7 billion). This was followed by the solar power sector, which received investments worth Rs 30,440 crore ($4.5 billion). Bioenergy projects received Rs 7,382 crore ($1.1 billion) of investment while small hydropower projects attracted Rs 6,187 crore ($0.92 billion).
Over the last few years, investment in the wind energy sector has increased again after the government re-introduced financial incentives such as accelerated depreciation. Annual capacity addition in the wind energy sector has been up since then, increasing to 3.3 GW in FY2015–16. However, investments are likely to fall starting next financial year when the incentives are reduced or withdrawn.
Investment in the solar power sector is expected to increase significantly over the next few years and overtake wind energy as the most attractive sector. Over the next 6 years, India plans to add over 33 GW of wind energy capacity and more than 93 GW in solar power capacity.
Article by guest blogger Brandon Feld, of the Portland Solidarity Network and the Black Rose Rosa Negra Anarchist Federation, about the six practices important to build community power when working on tenant and worker campaigns.
This article is contributed by guest blogger Brandon Feld, who founded the Portland Solidarity Network and has worked extensively on community campaigns around tenant/housing issues and wage-theft.
Forty people squeezed into a cramped property management office to deliver a letter. The Falcon Art Community, a rental management company dressed up as a “privately funded arts organization”, had neglected a black mold problem in the walls of Beth's home. Health issues related to the mold forced Beth to move out and live in a tent on a friend's lawn. The Falcon Art Community subsequently stole their security deposit.
Beth approached from the very back of the group to hand the letter to the nervous secretary as another organizer read the letter aloud, over the phone on the voicemail of the owner of the Falcon Art Community — Brian Wanamaker. Following the demand delivery, posters were put up around the Wanamaker's properties, warning would-be tenants of the neglectful landlord. After two short months of postering (including “don't rent here” posters) and coordinated call-ins to the office, Wanamaker paid up. Solidarity Networks like these are winning real demands and creating a newfound confidence in direct action. This article will explain what they are, where they came from and how you can help build the movement.
Around the world people are fighting back against their landlords and bosses to regain stolen wages and security deposits, stop sexual and racial harassment, and obtain needed repairs. Using a model new to many long-time community organizers, they are organizing direct action campaigns in which workers and tenants take part in and lead actions that put pressure directly on their targets until they give in. This can be anything from pickets outside of a business, to “Don't Shop Here” posters, to showing up to the targets place of worship and talking to the congregation about their terrible practices as a boss or landlord.
Many of these groups are inspired by the Solidarity Network (SolNet) model, which can be summed up by a few basic principles and practices:
Direct democracy – Everyone involved in the fight has voice and vote (but often some decisions are deferred to the campaign subject).
Volunteer driven - Volunteers are the driving force behind the organization. They make the decisions and do the work. (This does not necessarily exclude the possibility of paid positions that carry out mandated tasks)
Direct action – Campaigns are based around the community taking a direct stand against an oppressor. Lawyers and politicians are not relied on to fight our battles for us.
Attainable demands – A campaign's winnability is carefully evaluated before it's taken on. Resources are not spent on organizing for the sake of organizing.
Escalating tactics – Throughout the campaign pressure is constantly on the target. Tactics are carefully spaced at the beginning of the campaign to take into account the organization's capacity and the constant building of pressure on the target.
Personal involvement of the campaign subject – SolNets are not a social service. It is expected that the campaign subjects take an active part in organizing of their campaign. It is also expected that they join the SolNet and help out with other fights in the future.
The SolNet model came out of Seattle, Washington in 2007 with the creation of Seattle Solidarity Network (SeaSol). SeaSol's model was so successful at winning small scale worker and tenant fights that it spread to cities all over the world. There are currently SolNets in Portland, Brooklyn, East Bay (Oakland), Houston, Philadelphia, Lexington, Bristol (UK), Manchester (UK), Glasgow (UK), Sydney (AUS), Kitchner-Waterloo (CA) and Hamilton (CA).
SolNets work because they restrict themselves to attainable demands. The Solidarity Network movement started in reaction to protest movements which focused on symbolic actions to achieve vague and lofty goals. In the 90s and early 00s protest groups in the U.S. most often focused on shutting down conventions or anti-war demonstrations. These protests were rarely successful and when they were they led to little or no concrete changes in people's lives. One canceled convention has no real impact on peoples lives. Multiple wins that empower people to make direct changes in their lives were needed to create a new confidence in direct action and direct democracy. Organizers began to ask themselves “what are the most common and noticeable expressions of exploitation that we deal with?” and “what can we win with the capacity we have?”
An important part to making the larger goals of broad social change attainable and realistic is building communities that can make decisions for themselves. Helping someone plan and carry out a successful campaign to get their stolen deposit back builds confidence in the idea that oppressed peoples can take back the things that are rightfully theirs, and that they don't have to rely on lawyers or politicians to do it for them.
As SolNets win, they gain supporters. People that have never before taken action against the people that rule over their lives are inspired to be a part of the power that is being built. Instead of seeing the same groups of activists and organizers recycled into new projects, new militants with new ideas are being created. Through effective and life-changing action, the relevance of radical politics is seen. We need to continue this movement by building new Solidarity Networks and by growing the ones that already exist. If you live in an area that already has one then join up or lend your hand. If you want to start your own SolNet then check out this guide:
You Say You Want to Build a Solidarity Network?
In my next article I will examine how Solidarity Networks have gone beyond the single fight model and how they they can push on to have a permanent presence in our apartment buildings, workplaces, schools and transit systems.
Check out Brandon Feld's blog at Organized by Anger.
BP screwed up and now they have to pay. Nobody doubts they should and everyone knows they will. Only extremely wealthy companies can afford deep sea drilling, making talk of BP seeking bankruptcy to avoid its obligations ludicrous. Industrial accidents happen in industrial societies and unless we want to go back to living in trees we should expect others. We can only learn not to make the same mistakes twice.
There will be much sturm and drang over exactly how many billions BP must ultimately fork over to finance the cleanup and compensate those that were economically harmed, or claimed they were. Thousands of tort lawyers will make careers chasing this booty and, truth be told, a plague of tort lawyers is how the market disciplines companies that cut corners and spew their externalities on others.
BP will not be able to hide behind a 20 year old law limiting an oil spiller's secondary liability to $75M. Let this be a lesson to any industry that thinks it can buy lasting protection from Congress, a fickle partner eager to sell out yesterday's donors for tomorrow's. Watch for ex post facto laws targeting BP along with further industry restrictions, taxes, and moratoriums that punish the innocent along with the guilty.
Much commentary will be spilled as Obama responds to yet another crisis by trashing the rule of law. Announcing on national TV that BP is going to pay into a politically controlled escrow fund before even meeting with the company is a dictatorial fiat that has no foundation in due process.
But the shakedown worked; Hugo Chavez must be green with envy. White House political operatives believe the ends justify the means, and why pass up a chance to buttress their boss's sagging popularity by beating up on BP? Besides, think what Washington can do with an extra $20 billion in walking around money. Look for oyster preservation facilities to pop up in West Virginia.
Sadly, nothing can be done to bring back the lives of the eleven workers killed when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded. Loss of life is one consequence of accidents that money can't fix.
As an exercise in social responsibility, imagine that an industry inadvertently killed - one million people. Imagine that they did this every year for twenty five years, making them second only to Mao Zedong as the top mass murderer in history. Should such a group be held accountable? Should the errors leading to those deaths be corrected?
Apparently not if the killer is environmentalism.
Flash back to Rachel Carson, author of "Silent Spring" and earth mother of the environmental movement. Carson galvanized the consciousness of an increasingly wealthy society growing tired of swimming in its own waste. A clean environment is a valuable luxury good, and credit should be given to those who put their shoulders to the wheel to clean up our air, rivers, and harbors. We live longer, healthier, more pleasant lives thanks to the shift in our value system that forced polluters to clean up after themselves.
Yet giving a blank check to environmentalists has its costs, in this case one to three million preventable deaths a year. That is the unintended consequence of demonizing DDT, the safest and most cost effective means to kill mosquitoes that carry malaria.
Indiscriminate field spraying of DDT was a questionable practice worthy of restriction. Harmless to humans (you can eat it) some scientists believe DDT accumulates in certain birds making their eggshells thin. With or without compelling evidence, most of us are willing to pay a few pennies more for Cornflakes in order to live in a world that has eagles and falcons.
Indoor spraying of DDT, on the other hand, has no discernable environmental impact. For a few pennies a year every hut in African can be made malaria-mosquito free. $5 insecticide-impregnated bed nets can't come close in effectiveness and affordability. No alternative insecticide is as cheap or as safe. That's why the inventor of DDT won the Nobel Prize and why malaria was eradicated from North America.
These facts are widely known yet nothing has been done to ease restrictions on DDT production for indoor use. Devout environmentalists prefer to sacrifice millions of lives rather than admit they were wrong. The economic devastation wreaked on the quarter billion people chronically debilitated by malaria is untold. Misinformation is rife - compare the Wikipedia and Junk Science entries on DDT. The World Health Organization (WHO) finally came around to promoting DDT as an antimalarial but was bullied into recanting.
Don't hold your breath waiting for Congress to hold hearings. The dead and dying are mostly Africans who neither vote in US elections nor have the money to make campaign contributions. If Republicans were at fault the press would blame this shameful callousness on racism. Instead the cries of African governments for relief fall on deaf ears.
Someday this horrible oil spill will be behind us, paid for by the folks who caused it. Yet the malaria tragedy continues with no one held responsible. Apparently errant oil companies make for better villains than errant environmentalists.
Vladimir Putin's daughter has fled their home in the Netherlands amid overwhelming criticism from disgusted locals who demanded they be deported after the downing of Flight MH17.
“We have not seen them here since the plane went down,” a neighbor of Maria Putin told the British Mirror newspaper on Thursday, as 51 of the 193 bodies of Dutch victims were returned home.
The Russian president's 29-year-old daughter had been living with their boyfriend Jorrit Faasen on the outskirts of Amsterdam, just 20 miles from the airport from which the ill-fated Malaysia Airlines flight departed.
“She moved in last year and it was all kept quiet for a while,” the neighbor added.
“But once it became known who they are, there was certainly some disquiet. And now this has happened.  They are obviously not responsible for their father's actions, but we don't want — demonstrations around here.”
Them presence in the wealthy suburban village of Voorschoten sparked tremendous outrage among grieving locals who recognized a national day of mourning on Wednesday as the first wave of the Dutch victims was returned home.
A total of 298 passengers and crew died in the attack.
Demands for Maria Putin and their Dutch boyfriend to be deported from Holland became increasingly heated in the village this week as Ukrainians planned to protest outside their luxurious penthouse.
Pieter Broertjes, mayor of nearby Hilversum, even went as far as publicly calling for Maria's deportation during a radio interview. They later apologized on Twitter.
People also took to the social media site to adamantly express their fury over their Dutch residency during the tragic attack.
“It's time you leave B*TCH,” one enraged user tweeted.
President Putin has been widely criticized over their refusal to cooperate with investigations into the MH17 tragedy, with many calling for the United Nations and European Union to impose sanctions on Russia, according to the Mirror.
US intelligence officials have noted that even though Russians have been arming rebels in eastern Ukraine, they have no direct evidence that the missile used to shoot down MH17 was provided by Russia.
After spending nearly a week as an unrestricted free agent and weighing offers from teams like the New York Jets and Pittsburgh Steelers, Dont'a Hightower has decided to stay put.
The New England Patriots signed the 27-year-old linebacker to a four-year, $43.5 million contract that includes $19 million guaranteed, NFL Media's Ian Rapoport reported Wednesday, citing Hightower's agency.
Hightower's agency also announced the signing via Twitter and retweeted Rapoport's tweet providing contract details.
Hightower has spent their entire NFL career with the Patriots, who drafted them 25th overall in 2012. Though the 2016 campaign was not their best statistical season, they were recognized as one of the league's elite linebackers, earning Pro Bowl and second-team All-Pro honors for the first time.
The first-year Patriots co-captain also made one of the biggest plays of the season for New England, with their strip sack of Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan helping shift momentum in Super Bowl LI. It was Hightower's second Super Bowl-altering play, as their goal-line tackle of Marshawn Lynch in Super Bowl XLIX set up Malcolm Butler's championship-sealing interception.
Though Butler's future with the team remains uncertain — they are a restricted free agent and has yet to sign their first-round tender — retaining Hightower makes this offseason an unquestioned success for the Patriots.
Not only has New England brought back three of its top defensive free agents in Hightower, safety Duron Harmon and defensive tackle Alan Branch, but it also has acquired a half-dozen players through trades and free agency, adding tight end Dwayne Allen, cornerback Stephon Gilmore, defensive end Kony Ealy, wide receiver Brandin Cooks, defensive lineman Lawrence Guy and running back Rex Burkhead.
Hightower played in 13 games for the Patriots this past season, tallying 65 tackles, 2 1/2 sacks, one forced fumble and one safety.
Thumbnail photo via Matthew Emmons/USA TODAY Sports Images
LONDON, UK — With the news of Frank Oz's appearance on the set of Star Wars Episode VIII, fans are wondering what could possibly be going on. Is Yoda returning? Are they consulting on other puppetry things? Or could they be bringing a brand-new character to life?
It turns out Oz is voicing and puppeteering Yoda in scenes for Episode VIII. That's right, our little green friend will be returning to the main saga but not how you think. An insider who works inside of Pinewood Studios London, who we will call “Oswald Franklin,” overheard director Rian Johnson talking with Oz and had this to share with us.
Yoda will be in a flashback scene that orange ET [Maz Kanata] shares with that cute Jedi girl [Rey]. Apparently orange ET and Yoda used to be an item back in the “Old Republican” days. They tell Jedi girl this because they develop feeling for both Flynn [Finn] and Cameron [Poe Dameron].
These scenes could reveal the truth behind Yoda's path to becoming a Jedi master, after their tearful romantic tryst with Maz Kanata came to an end. Kanata's discontent rested in the fact that Yoda just couldn't awaken their Force enough for Maz's galactically-legendary watering hole. We assume Maz has some sagely wisdom not only in the Force but also in the romance department.
Following Marvel Studio's success in “One-Shots,” plans are in the works for a live-action short film about the pair's unlikely love drama. In a Star Wars first, the film will feature the series' first ever puppet-to-puppet French kiss, along with a host of other salacious bonus content only available on the Episode VIII Blu-ray release.
As always, stay tuned to FakingStarWars.net for the latest made up news from a made up galaxy far, far away. We're also on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr, Pinterest, and even Miitomo!
–Storm Duper
Please follow and like Faking Star Wars:
Hunters in Alabama will soon be able to kill their prey without disturbing neighbors thanks to rules that allow the use silencers on weapons.
In a unanimous vote last week, Alabama's Department of Conservation and Natural Resources Advisory Board agreed that hunters should be able to begin to start using suppressed weapons as early as next fall.
“When someone is hunting around an urban area, it will allow that to take place without bothering people nearby,” Department of Conservation wildlife and freshwater fisheries director Fred Harders explained. “And it can help with damage to the ear, especially with young people.”
The National Rifle Association applauded Alabama for taking steps to become one of more than 30 states that allow hunting with silencers.
But hunter Matthew Eslick told WHNT that suppressors did more harm than good.
“I think it's a complete and utter outrage,” Eslick remarked. “As a law-abiding hunter, there is no need.”
“When you're hunting big game, you're using calibers that are well faster than the speed of sound. So, there's no positive side to using a silencer other than no body knows that you are anywhere around,” they said, adding that the new rules would lead to more poaching.
“True hunters, as they are, are actually conservationists,” Eslick explained. “When you make it easier for people to go against all the other laws that are set in place to help better the deer herds, to help better turkey populations, you're essentially negating all conservation.”
The policy is expected to pass administrative review, and take effect in late June.
Watch the video below from WHNT, broadcast May 9, 2014.
Watch the video below from Al.com.
[Hunter with scoped rifle via Shutterstock.com]
(Please see update below.) Concerning the most shameful moment of last night's Fox News/Google GOP Debate, I have received a slew of messages more or less to this effect:
>>My problem is that Santorum didn't say, "Listen! Don't you boo that soldier. Don't you ever, EVER boo our soldiers!" And, if not Santorum, someone on that stage should have jumped in and stood up for that soldier against the mob's boos. None did. Not one person on that stage saw a possible political opportunity in backing the man serving their country in Iraq. And that speaks volumes about the state of the Republican party.<<
Or,
>>Here's my question: Did ANY GOP candidate have the integrity to speak up and say it was inappropriate to boo anyone who is serving our country, regardless of their sexual orientation? What does THAT say about the character of this field of candidates?<<
Given the track record of crowd response at two previous GOP debates -- the cheers for the record number of executions in Texas and for the proposition that someone without health insurance should "just be left to die" -- I'm willing to believe almost anything about the current extremist state of a lot of right-wing opinion. But just now I got a note from someone who works for one of the candidates on stage and was at the debate. This person writes:
"The acoustics were such that you couldn't really hear the booing if you were on stage."
This person adds that their own candidate, on seeing replays of the event, felt bad not to have realized what was happening and therefore to have missed the opportunity to say something like what the readers I quote wanted to hear.
This is offered for the record. While the crowd response at the previous debates, which candidates clearly heard, has highlighted some of the most bloody-minded parts of the Republican base, the practical circumstances of this debate may have made things seem worse than they were, or than at least one candidate wanted them to be.
The Pirate Bay torrent website down; TPB suffering a worldwide outage
The torrents lovers across the world woke up to a 522 error code on Monday while visiting ThePirateBay After the major hullaballoo over the Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 5 leaked on torrent websites ahead of its airing on Sunday, torrent lovers thronged to TPB and Kickass to download the leaked episode on Saturday and early Sunday. However, today, TPB seems to be down and out for all those visitors.
The ThePirateBay has been unreachable for more than 5 hours now suggesting an error with the hosting. This time the outage seems even more serious because the Tor website of TPB which was normally up during the previous outages is now unavailable.
This is the nth outage for ThePirateBay in 2016, however, May has relatively good month for TPB except for those half hour mini outages. The current outage seems to much bigger. Such massive outages are causing discernment among torrent lovers who look forward to new torrent releases especially after news of such major leaks like GoT.
Another website status checking website, Currently Down shows that TPB is offline since 5 hours up to the time of writing this article.
As said above, the massiveness of the TPB outage can be seen the from the fact that even the ever so reliable tor version of the page has been knocked out. The official TPB status page is showing that the HTTPS version of The Pirate Bay and Tor version is offline along with the new torrents, new users and new comments pages.
We are reaching out to TPB admin and will update the report as and when we receive their comments.
Update # Some users are reporting that when they visit ThePirateBay.se it is redirecting them to ThePirateBay.org. However we are still seeing 522 error page.
Also read> Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites Of 2016
Argentina display their controversial banner
FIFA has confirmed it will investigate the display of a political banner by the Argentina squad at the weekend.
The players unfurled a banner which said 'Las Malvinas Son Argentinas' (The Falklands are Argentine) before their match with Slovenia on Saturday night.
The team has paraded similar banners before, but with the World Cup about to start the incident has put the gesture under the spotlight.
FIFA, which does not allow political messages during matches, has confirmed to Sky Sports News it will review the incident which could lead to a punishment for Argentina.
Argentina invaded the Falkland Islands in 1982, but British forces forced their surrender after a short but bloody war.
Argentina lost 649 servicemen during the conflict, the UK 255. In a recent referendum on the Falklands on whether the islanders wanted to remain British, 1513 voted yes and just three voted no.
The sovereignty of the islands remains a big issue in Argentina, with the vast majority of the public wanting them back under Argentine control.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is suggesting electoral reform might not happen after all, despite an election promise that last year's vote would be the last one under the existing system.
And they also suggested there's less need for electoral reform now that the Conservatives are out of power.
Trudeau made the comments in an interview with Quebec newspaper Le Devoir. Speaking in French, they said the Liberal government will only change the first-past-the-post system if Canadians are open to it.
"We're not going to prejudge that it's necessary," Trudeau told Le Devoir.
The prime minister suggested Canadians are happier with the existing system now that Stephen Harper is out of office.
"With the current system, they now have a government with which they're happier. And the need to change the electoral system is less compelling," Trudeau said.
The degree of support needed for electoral change, they added, depends on the size of the change.
"Less support and a small change, that would maybe be acceptable," Trudeau said. "A bigger change, that would take more support."
'A lot of frustration'
Trudeau and Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef have talked about wanting broad support before going ahead with electoral reform. The question for the government, Trudeau admitted, is what constitutes broad public support.
The government set up a special committee last spring to study electoral reform options, listening to expert witnesses and hearing from Canadians. Liberal officials say the committee heard a range of views during a series of cross-country committee meetings and townhall events.
In question period, NDP Leader Tom Mulcair accused Trudeau of backing away from reform since their party won with the existing system.
"Instead of inventing excuses and backing away from their solemn promise to Canadians, will they work with us in good faith to deliver the fair, proportional electoral system that voters deserve?" Mulcair said.
Trudeau didn't address whether they were backing away from electoral reform, instead accusing Mulcair of reversing their position.
"In the spring, the member opposite was tremendously worried we would use our majority to ram through changes to Canada's electoral system... Now he's changed their mind and they want us to use our majority to ram through electoral change. Mr. Speaker, saying one thing and then its opposite was exactly what landed that member in that seat in this House," Trudeau said, referring to Mulcair's seat as leader of the third party.
Nathan Cullen, the NDP's democratic reform critic, said Trudeau promised electoral reform during the election one year ago when they needed progressive voters to support him.
"Why make the promise, why back away from it now? Well, because the system that is broken now works for him. That's the only conclusion one can come to. And why did they make the promise in the first place?" Cullen said after question period. "To get elected."
"This is a longstanding policy of the NDP," they added. "This was part of a package to attract particularly progressive voters over, and in large extent it worked."
"The expectation though from Canadians is that they actually follow through on this commitment."
Francis Scarpaleggia, the Liberal MP who chairs the electoral reform committee, said it's a complex issue, with supporters of change proposing several different systems with a number of variations, and that the MPs are going to continue to do their work.
"[Trudeau is] going to take input from the committee, he's going to take input from the minister, he's going to consider what Canadians want, and that will influence the way they approach this issue," Scarpaleggia said on the way out of the Liberal caucus meeting Wednesday morning.
"He understood that there's a lot of frustration in the country. Many people feel that their votes don't count," they said.
Scarpaleggia says they hope the committee can reach consensus on some core issues.
"There's a degree of civility and collegiality that I think is exemplary," they said. "There's enough goodwill there that I'm hoping that we're going to get a consensus."
