President Donald Trump and fellow Republicans latched onto revelations tying Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign to a dossier of allegations about their ties to Russia, saying Wednesday it was a "disgrace" that Democrats had helped pay for research that produced the document.
"It's just really – it's a very sad commentary on politics in this country," Trump said in addressing reporters one day after news reports revealed that the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee, for several months last year, helped fund research that ultimately ended up in the dossier.
The document, compiled by a former British spy and alleging a compromised relationship between Trump and the Kremlin, has emerged this year as a political flashpoint. Law enforcement officials have worked to corroborate its claims. James Comey, FBI director at the time, advised Trump about the existence of the allegations, and the ex-spy who helped assemble the document, Christopher Steele, has been questioned as part of an ongoing probe into possible co-ordination between Russia and the Trump camp.
Story continues below advertisement
Trump has derided the document as "phoney stuff" and "fake news" and portrayed themselves Wednesday as an aggrieved party, posting on Twitter a quote they said was from Fox News that referred to them as "the victim." The new disclosure about the dossier's origins is likely to fuel complaints by Trump and their supporters that the document is merely a collection of salacious and uncorroborated claims.
"Well, I think it's very sad what they've done with this fake dossier," Trump said Wednesday, adding without elaboration that "they paid a tremendous amount of money." They contended that Democrats had initially denied any connection to the document, but now, "they admitted it, and they're embarrassed by it."
Separately Wednesday, the editor of Wikileaks confirmed that their group was approached by Cambridge Analytica, a data firm working for Trump's campaign during the 2016 election.
Julian Assange told The Associated Press that Wikileaks received a "request for information" from Cambridge Analytica. That request, which Assange would not specify, came prior to last November and was rejected. Assange's comments came after The Daily Beast reported that Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix reached out to Assange during the presidential campaign about the possible release of 33,000 of Hillary Clinton's missing e-mails. Those e-mails have never been publicly released.
A spokesperson for Cambridge Analytica did not respond to a request for comment. Robert Mercer, a billionaire Trump supporter, is a backer of Cambridge Analytica. Former White House strategist Steve Bannon served as a vice-president at the company before joining the administration.
Two people familiar with the newly disclosed dossier matter, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss confidential client matters, told AP the funding arrangement was brokered in the spring of 2016 by a law firm representing the Clinton campaign and the DNC and that it lasted until right before Election Day. The final memo included in the dossier, a version of which was published online by Buzzfeed in January, is dated December 2016, or after the arrangement had ended.
In March of that year, the person said, the law firm of Perkins Coie was approached by Fusion GPS, a political research firm that had already begun research work on Trump on behalf of an unidentified client during the GOP primary. Fusion GPS expressed interest in continuing to create opposition research on Trump, and Perkins Coie engaged it in April 2016 "to perform a variety of research services during the 2016 election cycle," according to a letter from the law firm's general counsel that was obtained by AP.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The identity of the original client has not been revealed, and one of the people who spoke to AP said the law firm did not know who it was. Trump, however, hinted Wednesday that they might know the identity and that it could eventually become public.
"I have one name in mind," the president said.
It's unclear what Fusion GPS had dug up by the time the law firm hired it, or how much money was involved in the transaction. The Perkins Coie attorney who helped create the arrangement, Marc Elias, did not immediately return an e-mail seeking comment, and representatives of Fusion GPS declined to comment. The Washington Post first reported the funding deal.
The Clinton campaign paid more than $5.6-million to Perkins Coie, recording the expenditures as simply "legal services," according to Federal Election Commission records. The DNC also paid the law firm more than $2.9-million, nearly all of which was reported as "legal and compliance consulting." The DNC did report paying the firm $66,500 for research consulting.
The new disclosure placed fresh attention on the world of opposition research and the techniques that political campaigns employ. Trump Jr.'s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., received public scrutiny when it was revealed in July that they had met one year earlier with Russians at Trump Tower after being told they would be receiving damaging information on Clinton. In that case, publicly released e-mails show that Trump Jr. had been told the information was part of a Russian government effort to aid their father.
That June 2016 meeting is being investigated by Robert Mueller, the Justice Department's special counsel leading an investigation into whether Trump campaign aides co-ordinated with Russia to influence the outcome of the election.
Story continues below advertisement
In a statement Tuesday night, a DNC spokesperson said the chairperson, Tom Perez, was not part of the decision-making and was unaware that Perkins Coie was working with Fusion GPS.
"But let's be clear, there is a serious federal investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia, and the American public deserves to know what happened," the statement said.
Former Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon said on Twitter that they regretted not knowing about Steele's hiring before the election, and that had they known, "I would have volunteered to go to Europe and try to help him."
"I have no idea what Fusion or Steele were paid, but if even a shred of that dossier ends up helping Mueller, it will prove money well spent," they wrote in another tweet.
Unrestricted free agent Zaza Pachulia has reached an agreement with the Golden State Warriors on a 1-year, $2.9 million contract, according to Yahoo Sports' Shams Charania.
Pachulia, who is 32 years old, spent the 2015-16 season with the Dallas Mavericks, after being traded there by the Milwaukee Bucks. They were Dallas' consolation prize after being spurned by DeAndre Jordan but early in the season they looked like an absolute steal. Before the All-Star game Pachulia averaged a double-double in 30 minutes a game and provided a solid inside presence on both ends. With their help, the Mavericks hovered above .500 and looked like a threat to get homecourt advantage in the playoffs.
As the months went by, however, Pachulia's performance started to waver. They had never logged over 2,000 minutes since the 2006-07 season when they were 22 years old and they started to break down. After the All-Star game Pachulia averaged just six points and seven rebounds in 20 minutes per game. They simply couldn't handle the minutes in such a big role.
Dallas' chances of being a threat in the first round of the postseason disappeared as its starting center declined. The Mavs ultimately finished with the sixth-best record in the conference and were eliminated by the Oklahoma City Thunder in five games. Pachulia struggled on both ends, finishing the series with averages of six points and five rebounds while shooting a paltry 37 percent from the floor. They also had trouble keeping Oklahoma City's bigs off of the offensive board.
By now everyone knows what Pachulia brings to the table: toughness, rebounding and a high basketball IQ. They average 12 points and 10 rebounds per 36 minutes for their career on a solid 46 percent from the floor. They lack the mobility to be a true defensive anchor, but they make up for it with good instincts and anticipation.
Normally, he'd be overmatched as a starter. But on the new Warriors, who can surround them with four of the 15 best players in the league and can replace them with Andre Iguodala when they go small, he'll be just fine.
Here is a weekly round-up of how various media outlets have ranked the Philadelphia Eagles in their NFL power rankings. The Eagles are coming off a huge win. Let's start by revisiting my rankings.
17) No one thought the Eagles were going to beat the Patriots, but they did. It can't be stressed enough how special of a win this was for Philadelphia. The Patriots were 94-0 at home since 2001 when leading by eight points or more at any point in the game. Now they're 94-1. The Eagles are currently tied for first place in the awful NFC East. (LW: 25)
21) N/A (LW: 25)
20) N/A (LW: 24)
16) The tight end with the most yards per route run is Brent Celek, at 3.03. They have 239 yards on from 79 routes.
18) N/A (LW: 21)
14) I can only imagine the emotion from New Hampshire native Chip Kelly and Massachusetts native Jeffrey Lurie walking off the turf of the four-time Super Bowl champions in eastern Massachusetts Sunday evening. It had to be utterly unforgettable.
19) Who needs offense? The Eagles have gotten 17 touchdowns from their defense and special teams the past two seasons, eight more than any other NFL team. (LW: 24)
22) It's not every day that Sam Bradford pumps their fist like Jonathan Moxon after a third-down completion, under duress, to pull off the upset against the Patriots in New England. In fact, it never happens, nor does anything close to it. What a win for the Eagles, with Bradford and the offense merely being an ancillary component to miscellaneous touchdowns from the defense and punt teams. Malcolm Jenkins, Darren Sproles and punt blocks accounting for scores? What did these guys think this was? 2014? (LW: 24)
23) That win at New England saved their season. At 5-7, they are far from done. (LW: 25)
23) It was a stunning win over the Patriots, for sure, but don't be fooled. The defense has given up 118 points in three weeks, and the offense only scored two of the five touchdowns on Sunday. (LW: 25)
19) With Tom Brady as a starting quarterback, the Patriots are 96-16 at home. That's astonishing. Just remember that one of those 16 losses over the past 15 years was authored by Chip Kelly. (LW: 24)
17) Two special-teams touchdowns and a 101-yard interception return for a touchdown is not something the Eagles will do every week, but a win at Gillette Stadium is nothing to sneeze at. (LW: 30)
19) The Eagles made a lot of drunk Philadelphia natives rich in Las Vegas on Sunday, somehow beating the Patriots. Bill Davis' defense almost looked like it had a game plan, and with Demarco Murray "benched" in favor of Sproles/Barner, the offense wasn't a total disaster. Multiple special teams plays and great ball protection by Sam Bradford contributed greatly. No time for the coaching staff to enjoy the win with Lesean McCoy and the Bills coming to town, it's time for Chip to spin their great wheel of chaos once again. (LW: 24)
18) If Chip Kelly isn't going to yell at the players, someone needed to. Even if that someone was the owner. (LW: 26)
21) Chip Kelly looks like a much smarter coach when their special teams and defense combine to give them three touchdowns. (LW: 27)
20) Whoa! An unlikely beatdown of the Patriots has the Eagles tied for first place in the horrible NFC East. We've been fooled by the Eagles before; are they really a playoff threat? (LW: 26)
16) Talk about unexpected wins. A week after Chip Kelly is roasted for back-to-back blowout losses in which Philly allowed a combined 90 points, the Eagles stun the Patriots on the road to get back in a wholly uninspiring NFC East title chase. (LW: 22)
17) So as long as the Eagles return an interception, a punt and a blocked punt for TDs in the same game, they can beat anyone in the league? Who knew that was Chip Kelly's ingenious roster-building technique all along? (LW: 26)
17) They could actually win the NFC East and we'd left them for dead after the Thanksgiving Day massacre in Detroit. (LW: 29)
16) Coach Chip Kelly has their next three games at home. The Eagles' last four games are against playoff contenders. (LW: 25)
...
Analysis
The rankings range from as high as 14 to as low as 23. 17 was the most common ranking. 18.7 is the average ranking. That's 6.5 spots up from last week's average ranking of 25.2.
The Eagles are still very much alive in the NFC East despite everyone killing them off last week. It'll be interesting to see if the Birds can actually build off their win over the Patriots or if they'll collapse again down the stretch. Beating the Bills this week would be a good indication of legitimacy.
A few bizarre connections have cropped up since summer 2016 between Julian Assange, the founder of radical transparency site WikiLeaks, and allies of President Donald Trump, but a new report has unveiled the closest connection between Assange and the Trump campaign yet.
The Daily Beast on Wednesday delivered the news that Alexander Nix, head of the data-analytics firm that received millions of dollars from the Trump campaign, reached out to Assange about coordinating the release of 33,000 emails deleted from Hillary Clinton's private email server, citing a “third party” Nix told about the exchange.
Assange confirmed to the Beast that they received an “approach by Cambridge Analytica,” the firm in question, and that “it was rejected by WikiLeaks.”
Congressional investigators reportedly are probing the work that Cambridge Analytica, a firm heavily backed by major Trump donors Robert and Rebekah Mercer, performed on behalf of the President's campaign. The Daily Beast's reporting is the first indication that a company directly hired by the Trump campaign tried to link up with WikiLeaks, presumably with the aim of damaging Clinton's campaign.
Despite Trump's public plea for Russia to obtain them and some freelancers' best efforts to do so, Clinton's 33,000 private emails never surfaced, and there's no evidence that their private server was ever hacked in the first place. But the Daily Beast's report spells out the strongest in a line of contacts Trump's orbit has had with the founder of an organization that released tens of thousands of other embarrassing emails from Clinton campaign officials and top Democratic operatives during the 2016 race.
Roger Stone claims secret “back-channel communication” with WikiLeaks
In August 2016, about a month after WikiLeaks began releasing its trove of damaging Democratic Party emails, Trump's longtime confidante and short-lived campaign adviser Roger Stone claimed that they had communicated with Assange about what documents the site would be making public in the future, including a mysterious “October surprise.”
Stone, an eccentric GOP operative and prominent Trump surrogate, later said that they hadn't talked to Assange directly but instead had a “back-channel communication” with them through a mutual friend who traveled between London and the U.S.
On the same afternoon in October 2016 that Trump's “Access Hollywood” tape was leaked, on which they could be heard saying they could grab women “by the pussy,” WikiLeaks started publishing emails stolen from Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta. Stone said they had no idea that the leaks were coming, although Podesta pointed out that Stone had predicted in an August tweet that it would “soon be Podesta's time in the barrel.”
For its part, WikiLeaks has denied any relationship with Stone, insisting that there was “no communications, no channel.”
It's unclear whether the Trump ally, who is under scrutiny in both congressional and federal investigations into Russia's interference in the 2016 election, has provided congressional investigators with the identity of their intermediary to Assange after they threatened to subpoena him.
Earlier this year, Brexit figurehead Nigel Farage denied serving as Stone's go-between. Farage stumped for Trump on several occasions, and visited Assange earlier this year at the Ecuadorian embassy in London, where they have taken asylum for the past five years after facing a sexual assault charge in Sweden.
Assange offers to publish Trump Jr.'s email chain with Russian operatives
Assange claimed this summer that they offered up WikiLeaks as a platform that Donald Trump Jr. could use to release an email chain on which the President's son set up a meeting to receive information about Hillary Clinton that was described to them as part of the Kremlin's efforts to help their father's campaign.
“Contacted Trump Jr this morning on why they should publish their emails (i.e with us),” Assange said in a tweet. “Two hours later, does it himself.”
After a series of increasingly damaging reports about the lead-up to their June 2016 Trump Tower meeting with Kremlin-linked officials, Trump Jr. elected instead to publish the entire thread on their own Twitter feed.
Assange later offered more information on why they thought WikiLeaks would have been a better option.
“I argued that their enemies have it – so why not the public?” they wrote on Twitter. “His enemies will just milk isolated phrases for weeks or months … with their own context, spin and according to their own strategic timetable. Better to be transparent and have the full context … but would have been safer for us to publish it anonymously sourced. By publishing it themselves it is easier to submit as evidence.”
Pro-Russia lawmaker meets Assange to talk pardon deal they want to pitch Trump
After holding a surprise August meeting with Assange at the Ecuadorian assembly in London, “Putin's favorite member of congress” Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) said Assange convinced them that Russia did not play a role in passing Democrats' stolen emails to WikiLeaks.
Rohrabacher then spent several weeks boasting that they would provide the information they gleaned from Assange directly to Trump. The Wall Street Journal reported that they ultimately ended up making their pitch, which would offer Assange a pardon in exchange for information that would clear Russia of interfering in the 2016 race, to Trump's chief-of-staff John Kelly instead.
Kelly reportedly directed Rohrabacher to the intelligence community, and, at least as of late last month, Trump appeared unaware of these backdoor maneuverings.
Share
Apple is no novice when it comes to panoramas. The company first implemented the ability to capture the wide-field-of-view shots with the introduction of iOS 6, thus capitalizing on the success of third-party apps like 360 Panoramas within its own, native software.
The feature works as you might expect, seamlessly stitching together a slew of individual photos within a quick succession to create a single image, allowing you to capture scenes once strictly limited by what's visible through the iPhone lens. Apple even furthered the feature's capabilities with the introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, letting users capture high-resolution photos at up to 43 megapixels with a dynamic auto exposure that automatically adjusts as you shoot for more clarity than ever before.
It's still limited, sure, but it's never been easier to capture a sprawling portrait of Yosemite Valley — and an unwanted flight of tourists — with the iPhone. Check out the guide below to find out how.
Note: Although the screenshots below are from an iPhone 5 running iOS 8, the process is exactly the same on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with any other iPhone capable of running iOS 7 or later.
Related: Our favorite photography apps for the iPhone and the best apps optimized for the iPhone 6.
Launch the Camera app
Capturing a panorama on an iPhone isn't hard. Tap the gray camera icon while viewing the home screen, or tap the camera icon and swipe up while viewing the lock screen, to launch the Camera app. Afterward, continually swipe left until you access the iPhone's native panorama mode, indicated by the word Pano in yellow at the bottom.
Choose the panning direction
Once you've decided upon your desired shot, choose whether you'd like to pan your phone from left or right to capture your image. The Camera app will prompt you to pan left to right by default, but you can always tap the white arrow in the center of the screen to switch the panning direction. Note that panorama only works in portrait mode.
Capture the panorama
Tap the Shutter button at the bottom of the frame and slowly move your iPhone continuously in the direction of the asupervisorstioned arrow, keeping the arrow centered on the resulting yellow line as you do so. You'll be warned if you're moving too quickly; moving too fast might cause the iPhone to miss some information. Your iPhone will automatically save the panorama in your camera roll like any other photo or video once you tap the Shutter button again or the arrow reaches the opposite edge of the screen. Then, launch the Photos app as you would normally to view your shot in its 240-degree glory! Panorama works best with stationary or slow-moving objects; the camera tends to have difficulty capturing fast-moving objects and properly stitch them together.
Mission Gold Watercolors is made by a US company Mijello that was established in 1853. Mijello produces a variety of art products and their line of Mission Gold Watercolors is actually quite a recent addition that was introduced to the US and Korean market in 2012.
These watercolours are available at Amazon USA.
Mission Gold Watercolors comes in different box sets. There are sets for 9, 12, 24, 34 and 36 colours. I bought my 9-colour set on Amazon which ships directly here to Singapore.
The tubes are available in 7ml and 15ml tubes. The ones sold in the sets are only 7ml. The 15ml tubes are quite price competitive with other brands such as Daniel Smith, Winsor Newton, etc. A 7ml tube is enough to fill a half pan 3 times.
The colours included in the 9-colour set are as follows:
Permanent Yellow Light (PY154) - LF5, transparent, semi-staining
Yellow Orange (PO73 + PY65) - LF4, transparent, semi-staining
Permanent Red (PR112) - LF5, transparent, non-staining
Permanent Rose (PV19) - LF5, semi-opaque, semi-staining
Rose Madder (PR176) - LF4, semi-transparent, semi-staining
Viridian - (PG7) - LF5, transparent, semi-staining
Peacock Blue (PB15:3 + PG7) - LF5, semi-transparent, semi-staining
Burnt Sienna (PBr25 + PR112 + PY150), LF5, semi-transparent, staining
Vandyke Brown (PBr7) - LF5, semi-transparent, non-staining
LF refers to the lightfast rating with 5 being the best and 1 the worst. Mission Gold currently has a total of 105 colours and most of them have a lightfast rating of 4 and 5, with less than a handful under 3.
In the 9-colour set, we have one yellow, three reds, one green, one blue and two earth.
All the colours are quite intense and vibrant, and comparable to the Daniel Smith paints that I usually use.
I felt that Yellow Orange could be dropped though because you can easily mix orange with the three reds available. A warm blue such as French Ultramarine wasn't included so I felt that the palette is a bit limited in that sense when it comes to mixing greens or purples.
The three reds gives nice subtleties when it comes to mixing flesh or earth colours.
Viridian is a nice colour and in many other brands it would dry to rock solid. Mission Gold's Viridian is different and appears to be malleable and can be easily rewet and activated again.
Peacock Blue is quite similar to Phthalo Blue (Green Shade). It's as intense and needs to be neutralised to be used. It's a 2-pigment paint with PG7 added.
Burnt Sienna is quite peculiar because it's has orange from the inclusion of PR112 and PY150. As a result, it will mix to green with the blue. I tried mixing it with French Ultramarine and it will give a warm green. With other brands of Burnt Sienna, the mix with French Ultramarine will produce a nice grey, but not here with Mission Gold's.
Vandyke Brown is a nice dark earth tone that's good for neutralising other colours. It behaves more like Burnt Umber to me.
The sketches below are all painted with Mission Gold Watercolours. I added a French Ultramarine from Winsor and Newton to expand the palette. You should be able to spot those pieces that I used French Ultramarine because of the granulation. The 9-colour set does not have a lot of, or strong, granulating pigments.
Conclusion
I find Mission Gold Watercolors perform really well. They are intense and vibrant. They dry and rewet nicely, even for the Viridian.
The oddball for me would be Burnt Sienna. And it would have been nice to include French Ultramarine to make the set more versatile.
The 9-colour set is quite worth the money as an introductory set. If you want to get set with more colours, make sure to calculate the cost-per-tube as it does not mean that the more colours you get, the lower the cost for each tube. For example, the 12-colour set has a better selection of colours, but the cost-per-tube is higher than the 9-colour set.
My overall recommendation is to get the 9-tube set to try it out. It represents the best value among all the other sets.
Highly recommended.
Video review
Availability
You can find Mission Gold Watercolors on Amazon and Utrecht Art Supplies (USA).
The individual sets are available at these links below:
Amazon.com | Amazon.ca | Amazon.co.uk | Amazon.de | Amazon.fr | Amazon.it | Amazon.es | Amazon.co.jp
Deir Ezzor Rebel Military Council Allies with YPG and Syrian Elite Forces for Raqqa Campaign
al-Hamra Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 23, 2016
Depending on who you believe, Abu Khawlah was either a Free Syrian Army leader in Deir Ezzor before Islamic State defeated and expelled rebels in summer of 2014 or a criminal-snitch-informant whose brother is also a criminal. Either way, Khawlah is part of or trying to link with former president of the National Coalition of Opposition and Revolutionary Forces Ahmed Jarba's new group Syrian Elite Forces, a YPG-aligned rebel group of some 13,000 fighters. (Not coincidentally, Jarba's cousin Humaydi Dahmam al-Assi al-Jarba is the co-president of Hasakah's Rojava government. The Arab tribe they hail from, Shammar, have enjoyed good and friendly relations with Syrian Kurds for decades and were quick to support the 2011 uprising against Bashar al-Assad's regime.)
Humaydi Dahmam al-Assi al-Jarba, head of the Shamar tribe in Syria and Iraq, in their palatial compound.
Below is a translated interview with Khawlah that appeared on the YouTube channel of Qasioun News Agency (QNA) which is interesting because QNA is not a YPG propaganda outlet but an opposition media agency based in Turkey.
Abu Khawlah: My name is Abu Khawlah, head of the Deir Ezzour Military Council, which is part of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). We're participating in the Raqqa offensive in order to free the city from the Daesh gangs so that civilians and families from there can reunite and finally return home.
Interviewer: Do you have plans after the liberation of Raqqa, Insha'Allah, to then turn to Deir Ezzour and liberate it as well?
Abu Khawlah: The foundation of the Deir Ezzour Military Council was meant to gather those fighters who are from Deir Ezzour and the Hasakah region in order to liberate Deir Ezzour. The main goal in the first place is to liberate the city of Deir Ezzour. At the same time we are part of the SDF umbrella, whose goal is to liberate every part of Syria; but this military council was specifically created to liberate Deir Ezzour.
Interviewer: Approximately when do you think such a campaign will begin, according to your expectations?
Abu Khawlah: Right now the SDF is improving its military and political position. We think the time for that will be very soon, though for now the main objective of the SDF is Raqqa. The city of Raqqa is on the same road as Deir Ezzour, their lands are shared and there are many connections between the families and tribes in both areas. You could say the liberation of Raqqa is the liberation of Deir Ezzour.
Translation by reddit user Maonxv.
I'm supposed to be flying over the Atlantic right now to attend the OpenStack Summit, but British Airways had other plans for me: I'm stuck in London for a few hours, and will head towards New York tonight, before going to the west coast. But since I have Internet access, I guess it's a good opportunity to write about something that happened last month: I joined the openSUSE Board as chairperson!
(And if you were wondering: I'm still part of the SUSE Cloud team, and the chairperson position simply comes on top. The fact that I'm heading to the OpenStack Summit should have given you a hint already ;-))
For those who don't know about the governance structure of openSUSE, the openSUSE Board is a group of six people that exists to serve and guide the community. This includes working on legal and financial topics, talking to our different sponsors, etc., but it specifically does not deal with the technical side of the project. The Board is made of six members: five who are elected by the community, and one (the chairperson) who is appointed by SUSE.
The new openSUSE Board Chairman. Picture by Andreas Jaeger
Until recently, Alan Clark was the chairperson, but they recently got elected chairperson of the OpenStack Foundation. I was surprised when I got asked if I'd be willing to step up, but that was a pleasant surprise: I was actually considering running for the next board elections, so it didn't take me too much thinking to accept :-) I got interviewed twice about this new position. This is quite cool, as it shows how much people are interested in what's going on in the openSUSE world.
I do believe there's a lot the Board can do to help the project, and there are many ideas I'd like to push, a lot of them coming from my experience at the GNOME Foundation. But the way I (and I hope, many others) see it, the chairperson is just one member among others; of course, the chairperson should be a bit more proactive in pushing the others, but that's the main difference. It's therefore important to have great people in the Board, like we do today. But guess what, we also have elections coming in a few weeks, so if you feel you can make a difference, consider running! If you don't want to run but have ideas to share, don't hesitate to mail the board or me to send us your input.
Because of this new position, I went last month to Orlando, in order to attend SUSEcon and the openSUSE Summit that was organized just after SUSEcon. This was really a last minute decision: I booked my flights three days before leaving... Both were amazing events, especially when you think that this was the first year for both events.
SUSEcon
Of course, it was a great opportunity for me to chat about openSUSE and the Board with many people, including Ralf Flaxa ( VP of Engineering at SUSE) and Michael Miller ( VP of Global Alliances & Marketing at SUSE) who both care a lot about openSUSE. It turns out they simply told me, when I asked if they were expecting anything special from the chairperson: do what's good for the project! Pretty cool to hear :-)
It was no surprise, but there was quite some discussion about the cloud during SUSEcon. And actually, I was surprised at how much interest there was from everyone. I was helping on the SUSE Cloud booth, and many people came in — some to just learn about the field in general, while others had some pretty deep questions about the technologies. Everyone was mentioning OpenStack during the keynotes, and the SUSE Cloud product was deployed live during the closing keynote to show how easy it is to deal with. SUSE also produced some fun videos about the cloud.
SUSE's birthday cake. Picture by Andreas Jaeger
Since SUSE is 20 years old now, SUSEcon was also the perfect time to celebrate SUSE's birthday. Some kernel hackers were nice and took time to participate in a happy birthday video, we had a fun birthday party, and we also went to see the Blue Man Group (great show!). Andreas Jaeger uploaded pictures of the whole event, if you want to remember what you enjoyed there, or see what you missed ;-)
openSUSE Summit
The openSUSE Summit had many people coming (more than I expected!), and it was a lot of fun. Bryen and the whole team did an amazing job with the organization, and I think everybody enjoyed the family atmosphere that this event had. There were also great sessions (although I only attended two of them), and thanks to ownCloud and Omnibond, we had fun parties in the evenings. I especially loved building the small boats (or a car, like Simona and I did).
The openSUSE Summit also hosted a GNOME hackfest on user observation. Anna, Federico and Cosimo wrote about it already. It looked like it was a useful hackfest, from what I could see!
Scott loved the Summit! Picture by Andreas Jaeger
If you want to see pictures from the openSUSE Summit, go check Andreas' gallery. Between the sessions, the geeko lounge, the parties, huge geekos, a raffle to win a Raspberry Pi (all profits went to the GNOME Foundation), and more, there's lots to see :-)
Oh, and I had the opportunity to talk with Sam Varghese during SUSEcon about how GNOME is doing. I hope the resulting article gives a new perspective about the current direction to people outside the GNOME community.
My flight is probably about to leave; time to look for the boarding gate...
18% of the UK road network now classified as high risk – is it time to act?
The latest EuroRAP report entitled ‘How much do road crashes cost where you live?‘ published by The Road Safety Foundation in September has for the first time included some regional analysis of the crash statistics across the UK using STATS19 data as its base. As leading providers of road safety solutions, this interested our expert team.
The report highlights the issues still facing our authorities by naming and shaming those lowest and highest risk authorities based on their total economic loss as a result of the incidents that have occurred in their areas. It's a statistician's dream, with lots of tables and charts, but seeing the woods for the trees can be a little tricky on first inspection.
However, the key findings presented at the start of the report bring home the substantial task still at hand to reduce road casualties in the UK:
67 people are killed or seriously injured on Britain's roads every day
50% of fatal crashes occur on rural roads
Single carriageway ‘A' roads how have eight times the risk of motorways and three times the risk of dual carriageway ‘A' roads
30% of all deaths on all types of roads is due to crashes where a vehicle ran off the road
Crashes at junctions are the cause of 35% of serious injuries on ‘A' roads
18% of the road network mapped now has unacceptably high risk
It's not all bad news though.
Many roads have seen significant increases in safety, through investment in a myriad of safety measures, including the A642 in Wakefield, where among other measures, Clearview Traffic's SolarLite active road studs have been deployed for some time to give better delineation.
These measures have contributed to a considerable 72% decrease in fatalities and serious injuries over the two monitoring periods (from 18 between 2008-10 to 5 between 2011-13). Our commitment to road safety remains unwavering.
More can (and should) be done on all of these roads.
In many cases, alerting drivers to the shape of the road layout ahead though better delineation is key to reducing the risk of run-offs, head on incidents, and crashes at junctions.
Over the last few years, we've been involved in a number of innovative ‘A' road improvement schemes which have shown dramatic improvements to road safety, such as the A4128 in Buckinghamshire, the A2, A20 & A27 in Kent, the A70 in Edinburgh (pictured above), the A4226 in Barry and the A143 in Norfolk to name just a few.
At Clearview Traffic, creating innovative solutions to make roads work is what we do.
If you have a challenging road or an existing scheme that you would like to discuss, please get in contact here.
“Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it.”
There is much debate over the exact wording and who actually said the above quote, but suffice to say, the sentiment is quite accurate. And to which I should also add; “You don't know where you're going until you know where you have been”!
Jeff Bolt's national tournament was always an opportunity for Inside Kung Fu Magazine to get a photo shoot and story from the more popular teachers. Dave Cater had been in touch with me a few weeks prior, and I arrived with an article already written and in hand. Chan Tai-San was always politically astute, and they immediately observed Dave Cater talking to me and notice the article in hand. They approached me and inquired about it.
As it was characteristic of Chan Tai-San, they were paranoid and didn't accept my explanation nor translation, so they grabbed a Chinese speaker to read it to him. They began objecting to the inclusion of the story about Ah Dat-Da. They objected to the term “Tibet” even when describing the “Tibetan administration zone” that clearly included Qinghai province. Then they wanted the term “Lama Pai” stricken and replaced with “Hap Ga“!
In all the years that Chan Tai-San had been outside of China, in conversations, on business cards and stationary they themselves had printed, in written notes he'd give all of us, we had NEVER used the term “Hap Ga.” Now, I am not saying there is anything wrong with “Hap Ga,” just that we had always used the term “Lama Pai” and there were more than a few compelling and logical reasons why we should use it for Chan Tai-San's lineage and/or methods. It was frustrating, especially having Chan Tai-San break out into one of their classic rages just when we were about to do a photo shoot. My classmates were both aggravated and puzzled. I was quite aggravated, but I was NOT puzzled. I understood the issue almost immediately.
It remains an open question whether the founder of Lion's Roar was an ethnic Han Chinese. The only name we have is a Chinese approximation of a name probably in Tibetan language, probably a monastic name. The question of whether Tibet is part of China is a HUGE ONE, that has involved armies and tanks and cost lives. And in mainland China, “Lama” is associated with both “religion” and “foreign.” So, anyone with any grounding in Chinese history, particularly Chinese political history, should understand what was in Chan Tai-San's mind. In fact, they said quite forthrightly “this will be in print, and read all over.”
The problem is, so many people doing Chinese martial arts these days have NO IDEA AT ALL about Chinese history, Chinese culture, Chinese language, etc… The don't only fail to understand the rational / motivations behind certain decisions and practices of their Chinese instructors, they embrace things that are patently ridiculous without ever understanding how ridiculous they are. To be more concise, most don't know the background history, so they have no idea how they got to the present and the baggage that Chinese martial arts currently carry.
I address many of these issues in my first book, “Authentic Lama Pai” which you can find at https://www.createspace.com/4891253. My second book, more instructional in nature, will soon be available at https://www.createspace.com/5461916. While still in outlines stages, it appears my third book will tackle this dilemma, the difficult history of Chinese martial arts and why we have such conflicting accounts, confusing today's students.
Advertisements
With the 40th anniversary of the murder of Arlis Perry occurring on Oct. 13, The Daily took a trip through the archives to recap a history of murder at Stanford.
1933: David Lamson '25, University Press advertising manager, was convicted of murdering their wife, Allene Thorpe Lamson '26, and sentenced to death. Lamson, age 31, “discovered” their wife's body in the bathtub of their home and left the Stanford campus split in opinion about whether or not they were guilty. The crime was covered by Time magazine, and Lamson was released in 1936 after a fourth hung jury.
1958: Sophomore Tom Cordry walked into the Palo Alto police department to report their own killing of 17-year-old Deena Bonn, their neighbor. Cordry said they had often felt the “urge to kill” but had resisted the urges until then. They tricked Bonn into driving them to the train station and then killed her, with the intention of raping them and then dumping their body in the hills. They instead thought better of it and drove to the police department to report the crime.
1969: Leslie Kulhanek, a physician from the Medical Center, was shot and killed at a Christmas party. Rudolph Gray, a computer attendant at the Medical Center, was charged with murder. Apparently, Gray was dancing with Kulhanek's wife, and an argument ensued that ended in Kulhanek's death.
1973: Leslie Marie Perlov '72 was found strangled in the foothills behind campus. They had walked near the intersection of Stanford Ave. and Junipero Serra Blvd. and was found with their blue scarf wrapped tightly around their neck. No leads or clues were present.
1973: Junior David Levine left the physics department at 1 a.m. They were apparently caught by surprise in front of Meyer Library and was stabbed in the back and side 15 times with a long knife. Some theorized the incident to be the work of the “Death Angels” group. Cold case.
May 1974: Janet Ann Taylor, 21, daughter of former athletic director Chuck Taylor, was found strangled by hand near the intersection of Mayfield Ave. and Junipero Serra Blvd. The murder was strangely similar to Perlov's: died by strangulation, not molested, missing purses and found barefoot in raincoats. Cold case.
July 1976: Edward McNeill, postdoctoral researcher in chemistry, was found strangled and bound with adhesive tape in their Menlo Park apartment.
1978: Graduate student Theodore Streleski murdered math professor Karel deLeeuw. Streleski turned themselves in within 12 hours and ultimately served seven years in prison following their conviction for second-degree murder based on diminished capacity. They had used a hammer to repeatedly bash deLeeuw's head for making “derogatory remarks about their appearance and for interfering with their study of mathematics.” Streleski then placed a sign on deLeeuw's office door saying the professor had no office hours that day due to a family emergency.
1982: Junior Angela Arvidson was working as a housekeeper for professor Laurence Kedes part-time to pay for law school. On their fourth day on the job, Kedes' son came home around 3:15 p.m. to find a trail of blood leading to Arvidson lying on a couch and having been stabbed multiple times in the chest, abdomen and throat. They were still breathing when Kedes' son called 911. Donald Amos, a deliveryman, became a suspect after Kedes found a delivery receipt for trash bins on their driveway. After a three-week search, Amos turned themselves in at a San Jose jail. They allegedly had had an alcohol induced blackout and had found Arvidson's body in the foyer. They said they then moved them to the couch to “make them more comfortable” before panicking and leaving. Amos was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Contact Victor Xu at vxu ‘at' stanford.edu.
CLOSE Arizona has one week to find another insurance company willing to cover Pinal County. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
An Aetna sign (Photo11: 2014 photo by Jessica Hill, AP)
Aetna trumped third-quarter earnings expectations and raised its 2017 forecast again even as the health insurer's withdrawal from the Affordable Care Act's insurance marketplaces contributed to a revenue hit.
The nation's third-largest insurer countered a 5 percent drop in revenue with cuts to its biggest expense, health care costs, and improvements in its Medicare Advantage business. Overall net income jumped 39 percent, to $838 million.
Aetna Inc. said Tuesday that its Medicare Advantage enrollment grew more than 7 %to about 1.5 million people. Medicare Advantage plans are privately run versions of the government's Medicare coverage program for the elderly.
More: Dr. Alexa? What Amazon might do in health care
More: What CVS's acquisition of Aetna could mean for shoppers, patients
Health insurance is Aetna's main product, and most of its enrollment comes from commercial coverage sold through employers or directly to individuals. But the insurer and its competitors also have been growing their business tied to government-funded Medicare and Medicaid programs.
They've also been scaling back their presence in another government-backed market: the ACA's marketplaces. The sign-up window for 2018 coverage starts Wednesday, and Aetna intends to sit that one out by completely leaving the market for next year.
Aetna once covered more than 900,000 people through the ACA's insurance marketplaces, but it rapidly scaled back participation after being hit with steep losses. Insurers have struggled in those marketplaces with a sicker-than-expected patient population and not enough healthy customers, among other challenges.
Aetna's ACA pullback and a moratorium on a health insurance tax contributed to a third-quarter revenue drop. On the flip side, the insurer's health care costs fell 6 percent to $10.41 billion in the quarter.
Overall, Aetna reported earnings of $2.45 per share when adjusted for one-time charges and gains. Adjusted revenue, which excludes items like capital gains, fell to $14.95 billion from $15.74 billion.
Analysts expected earnings of $2.06 per share on $15.11 billion in revenue, according to Zacks Investment Research.
Aetna also said it now expects full-year adjusted earnings of about $9.75 per share, which is up from its projection in August for $9.45 to $9.55 per share.
The new forecast is well above Wall Street expectations. Analysts predict earnings of $9.55 per share for 2017, according to FactSet.
Aetna share climbed $2.77 to $174 in pre-market trading Tuesday, after the company detailed results.
CLOSE CVS Health is reportedly in talks to buy the nation's third largest health insurer, Aetna, for more than $200 per share. Here's how it could affect shoppers and patients. USA TODAY
Shares of the Hartford, Conn., insurer have climbed 38 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock price spiked late last week after the Wall Street Journal reported that drugstore chain CVS Health Corp. is interested in buying the insurer. Aetna made no mention of a possible CVS deal in its earnings report.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2zSUDZW
Healthcare providers sometimes can get caught up in a political storm. When this happens, audits can be used as a weapon to help preferred providers muscle into a market. This appears to have happened recently in New Mexico.
Let's go back in time.
On Sept. 14, 2010, Susana Martinez was in Washington, D.C. They were looking for campaign contributions to run for the governorship of New Mexico. They visited the office of the government lobbying division of UnitedHealth Group and picked up a check for $25,000.
The next day, Martinez published an editorial claiming that Bill Richardson's administration in New Mexico was tolerating much “waste, fraud and abuse” in its Medicaid program. Eventually, they were elected as the 31st governor of New Mexico and took office Jan. 1, 2011.
According to an email trail, by the fall of 2012, Martinez's administration was busy exchanging emails with members of the boards of directors of several healthcare companies in Arizona. During this same period, the Arizonans made a number of contributions to a political action committee (PAC) set up to support Martinez. At the same time, officers from New Mexico's Human Services Department (HSD) made a number of unannounced visits to Arizona.
The lobbying continued in earnest. Hosted in part by UnitedHealth money, the head of HSD visited Utah's premier ski resort, and the bill was paid for by an organization financed in part by UnitedHealth. The governor's chief of staff was treated to dinner at an expensive steakhouse in Las Vegas. There is suspicion of other contacts, but these have not been identified. All of these meetings were confidential.
The governor continued to publicly criticize health services in New Mexico. They focused on 15 mental health providers who had been in business for 40 years. They were serving 87 percent of the mental health population in New Mexico and had developed an extensive delivery system that reached all corners of the state.
Martinez honed in on one mental health provider because the CEO used a private aircraft. They were accused of using Medicaid funds to finance a lavish lifestyle. None of this was true. It turned out that the owner had operations all over the state and used the plane for commuting, but it made for good sound bites to feed the press.
The state decided to raise the pressure against the providers. Public Consulting Group (PCG), a Boston-based contractor, was called in to perform an audit of mental health services. In addition to taking samples and performing analyses of claims, PCG was asked to look for “credible allegations of fraud.”
In legal terms, the phrase “credible allegations of fraud” carries much weight. Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, it can be used to justify punitive actions against a provider. It is surprising that only “allegations” are necessary, not demonstrated proof. The reality is that in practical terms, a provider can be shut down based on allegations alone.
In a letter regarding its work, PCG stated that “there are no credible allegations of fraud.” Evidently, that was the wrong answer. PCG was kicked out of New Mexico and not allowed to complete its audit. HSD took over.
The PCG letter had been supplied to HSD in a Microsoft Word format. In a stunning act, HSD removed the statement concluding that there were “no credible allegations of fraud.” HSD continued to use the PCG letter, but only in this altered form.
HSD continued to insist publicly that there were credible allegations of fraud. Since PCG had been kicked out before completing the audit, a HSD staff attorney took the liberty of performing several statistical extrapolations that generated a repayment demand of more than $36 million. During testimony, the attorney admitted that the extent of their experience with statistics was an introductory course they had taken years earlier in college.
Two years later, statistical experts from Barraclough NY LLC who are elected fellows of the American Statistical Association examined HSD's work and concluded that it was faulty and unreliable. They concluded there was zero credibility in the extrapolations.
But for the time being, the extrapolations and audits were powerful tools. On June 24, 2013, all of the asupervisorstioned 15 nonprofits were called into a meeting with HSD. All were accused of massive fraud. They were informed that their Medicaid payments were to be impounded. The money needed to service 87 percent of New Mexico's mental health population was being cut off.
The next day, UnitedHealth announced a $22 million investment in Santa Fe. We have not been able to track down the direct beneficiaries of these investments. However, we do know that the governor's office immediately issued a press release on their behalf.
The 15 New Mexico providers were being driven out of business. This had been planned well in advance. Shortly thereafter, the government of New Mexico, through HSD, [approved] issued $18 million in no-bid contracts to five Arizona-based providers affiliated with UnitedHealth. These are the same companies that had been contributing to the governor's PAC.
These five Arizona companies then took over all mental health services for New Mexico. Their first step was to begin cutting back services. To give one example: patients with two hours therapy per week were cut back to 10 fifteen-minute sessions per year.It was the beginning of a mental health crisis in New Mexico.
As of today, two of the Arizona providers have abandoned their work in New Mexico. A third is in the process of leaving. What is the result? Thousands of New Mexico mental health patients have been left with no services. Entire communities have been completely shut [cut] off. The most vulnerable communities have been hit the hardest.
Through litigation, the 15 original providers forced the New Mexico Attorney General to examine the situation. It took a long time. All of the providers now are out of business. The Attorney General reported a few weeks ago that there were never any credible allegations of fraud.
This should mean that the impounded money would be returned to the 15 providers. After all, the legal reason why it was impounded in the first place has been shown to be false. One would think that the situation could return to normal.
The original 15 should be able to continue their business, and hire back the more than 1,500 persons they had been forced to lay off. Once the impounded monies are returned to the providers, they will be able to pay their legal bills, which now add up to hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Unfortunately, that is not happening. HSD still is claiming that the $36 million extrapolation is due, and that actually, the providers owe the state money. The New Mexico government is not budging from its position. The litigation continues.
Meanwhile, New Mexico now is tied with Montana in having the highest suicide rate in the continental United States.
About the Author
Edward M. Roche is the founder of Barraclough NY LLC, a litigation support firm that helps healthcare providers fight against statistical extrapolations.
Contact the Author
Roche@barracloughllc.com
Comment on this Article
editor@racmonitor.com
I spend a lot of time looking at a screen. I work, I read, I write, I watch, I research, I communicate, I like, I comment, I browse, I zone out. Or of course, like many of you dear readers, my face is often in a book. These things don't typically lend themselves to quality time with my partner (for us, we do not count watching a show or movie with each other as quality time). My partner also loves to read, but reading as adults is often a solitary enterprise. Sure, you can read the same thing and discuss it (which we often do) but it still means laying in bed next to each other with our faces in our own books. Which, we are very happy doing but we still don't count it as quality time together.
So about a year and a half ago we started reading to each other at bedtime. We've tried novels but those don't seem to work for us. Instead, we have had much success reading short stories, fairy tales, and the occasional erotica. We especially enjoyed reading our way through Philip Pullman's Fairy Tales from the Brothers Grimm: A New English Version and also The Tales of Beedle the Bard by J.K. Rowling. We've come to look forward to these evenings where our phones are on silent and sometimes we even head to bed early. Through these storytimes, my partner and I have learned more about each other, ourselves, and have grown even closer.
Initially, we switched back and forth between who would read and who would be the listener, but my partner learned that 1) they really enjoys reading aloud and 2) he's more likely to fall asleep when I'm reading, which, I don't really know how to take that and if it's even a compliment. I have learned that my partner has an endless supply of hilarious voices and pretty terrible accents. I enforce the rule that if they started out with a voice for a story, they had to commit to it all the way. If they wanted the evil stepsisters to sound like pre-Henry Higgins Eliza Doolittle, that's fine, but I expect it throughout the whole story.
It was also reassuring that we have similar opinions of certain stories. We both cheered when the princess throws the frog against the wall (no, they do not kiss it to break the spell). We both cringed when we were introduced to the queen who built twelve coffins for their twelve sons who were STILL ALIVE. We both admit that we'd totally be drawn to a cottage made of candy, mortal danger be damned. We also both agree that The Musicians of Bremen is one of the greatest fairy tales of all time which prompted us to say, after every other story that follows, “it was great, but it was no Musicians of Bremen.”
When we got around to reading (rereading, for me) The Tales of Beedle the Bard we quickly learned that there are words in the Harry Potter universe that we pronounce very differently from each other. One such word is Winzengamot, which my partner pronounces “WHY-zin-guh-maht” while I pronounce it “wih-ZEN-guh-moh.” Upon reading the full name of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, we cried from fits of laughter and decided that henceforth, we will just call them Brian whenever they were mentioned in the rest of the book.
Reading aloud with your partner isn't for everyone. I constantly interrupt the stories with jokes and questions and my partner is endlessly patient. It could be difficult to find things you both enjoy and some people may not want to put in the effort. Or maybe you just don't like reading aloud or being read to. But I recommend trying it out if you're willing. It has such great potential for laughter, conversation, and connection. Making time for each other and for books in this way is something that has become a part of our daily routine and something to look forward to even on the most trying of days.
Homicide detectives are investigating after a man was found dead in a south Edmonton apartment Tuesday night.
Insp. Brian Nowlan says police found the body of a man in the building's basement after reports of gunshots in the area. (CBC News)
"We haven't yet identified the deceased, nor have we determined the cause of death," said Insp. Brian Nowlan.
Police were called to the apartment on Whyte Avenue near 97th Street just after 7:00 p.m. after gunshots were reported to police.
Tactical teams entered the building while officers taped off a wide area around it as a precaution, Nowlan said.
"There were 20, 30 people with guns. [Police say] ‘Ma'am, we don't know what's going on, but there was a gun, [a] shooting. Stay safe," Irina Novokhatko, who manages the building next door.
Irina Novokhatko, who works in the building next door, says they saw dozens of armed police surround the apartment. (CBC News)
"It was like a western."
Police say a man's body was found in the building's mechanical room in the basement.
They believe there may have also been a fight on the third floor of the apartment.
Two suspects were seen fleeing the scene, possibly in a silver Honda.
Andrew Raynes (born 7 April 1973), commonly known as "Stumpy", is an English former strongman, powerlifter, and bodybuilder. They were a multiple time finalist in Britain's Strongest Man and a finalist of the 2001 World's Strongest Man contest.[4]
Career [ edit ]
Raynes began competing in bodybuilding as a junior competitor in 1990, winning the NABBA Junior Mr. Northeast contest in 1990 and again in 1994.[5] They would also go on to win the NABBA Junior Mr. Britain contest in 1994.[6] Raynes won the 1998 NABBA Mr. England overall title, and the Mr. Universe Amateur title in the short class in 1998 & 1999.[7]
Raynes competed in the World Powerlifting Congress organization, winning the WPC Junior British Powerlifting Championships as well as the WPC Junior European Powerlifting Championships in 1995. They would also go on to win the WPC British Powerlifting Championships in 1996.[8]
Raynes began competing in strongman in 2000, competing in both Britain's Strongest Man and the IFSA China Grand Prix.[9]
Raynes also went on to compete in both Britain's Strongest Man and England's Strongest Man over the next several years. They were a finalist at the 2001 World's Strongest Man contest, finishing in 10th place overall.[10]
Raynes was trained by 1989 World's Strongest Man winner Jamie Reeves at their gym in Sheffield.[11] Their sporting heroes are Bill Kazmaier, Jon Pall Sigmarsson and Mike Tyson.[12]
Personal records [ edit ]
Squat – 380 kg [13]
Deadlift – 370 kg [14]
Log Lift – 165 kg [15]
Apollon's Axle – 175 kg[16]
EHR Implementation
The hunt for a right-fit EHR system is a difficult one, with many health care providers hitting multiple snags after they have implemented their first EHR. Ideally, a provider's EHR will be secure, easy to use and cost effective. Unfortunately, many of today's EHRs lack these basic requirements. This is unfortunate, for the wrong EHR system can easily pose significant setbacks in day-to-day medical operations. There are all kinds of mishaps that may convince a provider to begin the search for a new EHR, but the following are a few of the most common:
HITECH
While the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health (HITECH) Act was well-intentioned in nature, it led to the creation of many less-than-stellar EHR programs. Companies hastily set up and marketed these systems in hopes of benefiting from the nearly $26 billion in funding appropriated by the federal government for the adoption of electronic medial solutions. Unfortunately, many of these disreputable EHR businesses were able to develop slick marketing campaigns, and in so doing, capture the business of unsuspecting health care providers. Of course, tricking customers never serves as a worthy business tactic in the long run, which is likely why so many providers are waking up and replacing their EHR systems.
Work Flow Problems
In the early days of EHR, many practices jumped on board, not because they were enthusiastic about electronic records, but because they just felt it was the current 'thing to do'. However, these providers often did a poor job of choosing EHR systems with optimized workflows. Down the road, this has meant poor staff training and inefficient use of the implemented software. Now, practices are on the lookout for systems they can seamlessly integrate for optimized operations.
Obamacare
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare, has the potential to greatly change the EHR setup once it has been fully implemented. The legislation aims to convince medical providers to go fully electronic in their record keeping systems, offering the overarching goal of getting all providers involved in EHR by 2015.Of course, as record numbers of providers take on EHR systems, many are bound to find that their first choice is not the greatest fit. The result is continued switching from one EHR setup to the next until the provider finds one that will actually fulfill its specific needs.
Mobile Solutions
The electronic health record system was long regarded as an innovation in and of itself, but technology has continued to evolve, completely changing the manner in which many providers utilize EHR. The latest trend in the industry revolves around mobile setups in which medical professionals can access health records from smart phones and tablets. This solution improves both efficiency and patient experience, which is why many providers are ditching their outdated EHRs in favor of companies that offer mobile accessibility.
Cost Efficacy
Perhaps the largest concern surrounding EHR implementation among health care providers is the long-term costs. These practices are just now learning that what appears to be a low upfront cost can later prove quite pricey. Thus, providers are on the hunt for more comprehensive plans that allow a level of flexibility not present in many early EHR systems.
Whether your primary concern related to EHR involves mobile record keeping or basic budgeting, hunting for a new system may be worthwhile if you are currently less than satisfied with your setup. EHR's implications for health care are huge, so it's essential that your practice implement the best EHR system available.
Also read:
RevenueXL EHR Software: Top 7 Reasons to Switch
EHR Replacement: 5 Harsh Realities
Free to Play (F2P) games can get a bad rap sometimes, or be accused of being “pay to win”, meaning those who pay for special items or DLC have a significant advantage. While this is true in some cases, the Rocket Yard is bringing you some of the best free games on Mac that provide tons of fun without needing to spend a dime. All of the titles we will mention are cross-platform titles that are available on Steam or Battle.net.
Heroes of the Storm
Multiplayer online battle arenas (MOBA) are all the rage these days, and Heroes of the Storm stands with the best of them. Far more accessible, but just as fun as its brethren (Dota 2, League of Legends, etc.) Hero offers fast-paced matches full of action that end in 15-20 minutes. Blizzard has pulled all their franchises and characters together in the Nexus, so if you've ever wanted to see how Nova matches up versus Diablo here's your chance. Great tutorials, AI matches, and an easy partying system make this one easy to jump into solo or with friends. Related article: Rocket Yard Guide: Summer Gaming Options for Nearly Every Mac
Marvel Heroes 2016
This game is so well made it feels like it would be worth $50. But the best part is Marvel Heroes is a phenomenal free action RPG for the Mac. An engaging story has you adventuring through a vast variety of locations taking on iconic villains. If you'd rather do your own thing, there are dozens of challenges, quests, raids and more to keep you busy as you level up your favorite Marvel hero (or villain.) Play solo, join a superhero group or hop on with as many friends as you want. I have personally sunk hundreds of hours into this game and still find myself coming back for more as the devs put out frequent updates.
Unturned
I could never find the interest to get into Rust, Minecraft or Dayz, but Unturned sucked me right in. While it takes some obvious inspirations from other popular survival games before it, at the end of the day Unturned is its own creation. Pick one of the several maps (or whatever server you want) and hop into an excellent survival adventure. Unturned can be anything from a lonesome last-man-on-earth experience to a tense cooperation and standoff with dozens of other players. It's all up to what you want to play. Coolest of all, the game was developed by one person while they were still in school.
No More Room in Hell
While Team Fortress 2 is the king of F2P shooters, I prefer this indie gem. No More Room in Hell is some of the most fun I've had with friends (up to 8 of them!) as you must share resources, move together and try to get out alive of the zombie-infested scenarios. A wide variety of maps with randomized objectives make this highly replayable. Escape from cities, prisons, farms, shopping malls and more. This is no Left 4 Dead, but rather a more realistic slower-paced shooter. You'll have to check your ammo clips and your friends, because if one of them is bitten, it's only a matter of time before they turn on you.
War Thunder
Ever wanted to fly a plane or command a ship or tank during WW2? Then War Thunder is the game for you. Join a massive community of players from all over the world as you fight on land, sea, and air. Realism is the name of the game here, as you command one of more than 500 detailed vehicles recreated from historical sources with an accurate damage system that determines whether your ship will keep going, not a health bar. If the multiplayer action and clan battles aren't your thing, you can also load up single player and cooperative campaigns or custom scenarios.
Of course, these are just a few of the great F2P games available. What F2P games do you enjoy? Let us know in the comments!
And as always, if you find yourself running out of space to add more titles to your library, you could always install them on an external drive, or optimize your Mac if it needs a tuneup on performance.
Related articles
History Edit
Ownership Edit
Finance Edit
For the fiscal year 2017, Netflix reported earnings of US$0.6 billion, with an annual revenue of US$11.7 billion, an increase of 32.4% over the previous fiscal cycle. Netflix's shares traded at over $165 per share, and its market capitalization was valued at over US$136 billion in September 2018. Netflix ranked 261 on the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States companies by revenue.[109] Year Revenue
in mil. USD-$ Net income
in mil. USD-$ Price per Share
in USD-$ Employees 2005 682 42 2.59 2006 997 49 3.69 2007 1,205 67 3.12 2008 1,365 83 4.09 2009 1,670 116 6.32 2010 2,163 161 16.82 2,180 2011 3,205 226 27.49 2,348 2012 3,609 17 11.86 2,045 2013 4,375 112 35.27 2,022 2014 5,505 267 57.49 2,450 2015 6,780 123 91.90 3,700 2016 8,831 187 102.03 4,700 2017 11,693 559 165.37 5,500 2018 15,794 1,211 7,100
Services Edit
Products Edit
An Aquos remote control with a Netflix button In 2007, Netflix recruited one of the early DVR business pioneers Anthony Wood to build a "Netflix Player" that would allow streaming content to be played directly on a television set rather than a PC or laptop.[155] While the player was initially developed at Netflix, Reed Hastings eventually shut down the project to help encourage other hardware manufacturers to include built-in Netflix support.[156] Wood eventually launched the player as the first device from Roku Inc. which is now primarily known for its streaming video players, with Netflix serving as a primary investor in the new company.[157] In 2011, Netflix introduced a Netflix button for certain remote controls, allowing users to instantly access Netflix on compatible devices.[158] Netflix revealed a prototype of the new device called "The Switch" at the 2015 World Maker Faire New York. "The Switch" allows Netflix users to turn off lights when connected to a smart home light system. It also connects to users' local networks to enable their servers to order takeout, and silence one's phone at the press of a button. Though the device hasn't been patented, Netflix released instructions on their website, on how to build it at home (DIY). The instructions cover both the electrical structure and the programming processes.[159][160] Since 2015, the company received significant technical support from France's CNRS concerning video compression and formating, through CNRS' Laboratoire des Sciences du Numérique de Nantes (LS2N). In March 2017 at Barcelona's World Congress for mobile technologies, the American company presented the French lab's open-source technological creation: a compression tool allowing HD+ video quality with a bandwidth need of under 100 kilo octets per second, 40 times less than that of HD TV needs and compatible with mobile services worldwide.[161] In May 2016, Netflix created a new tool called FAST to determine how fast one's Internet connection is.[162]
Content Edit
Device support Edit
Sales and marketing Edit
Netflix's booth at the 2017 San Diego Comic-Con During Q1 2011, sales and rentals of DVDs and Blu-ray discs plunged about 35%, and the sell-through of packaged discs fell 19.99% to $2.07 billion, with more money spent on subscription than in-store rentals. This decrease was attributed to the rising popularity of Netflix and other streaming services.[239] In July 2012, Netflix hired Kelly Bennett – former Warner Bros. Vice President of Interactive, Worldwide Marketing – to become its new Chief Marketing Officer. This also filled a vacancy at Netflix that had been empty for over six months when their previous CMO Leslie Kilgore left in January 2012.[240] Netflix's website has 117.6 million subscribers as of 2018, with 8.3 million being added in the fourth quarter of 2017.[241] As of January 28, 2018, Netflix's website ranked as the 30th most trafficked website in the world and 9th most trafficked website in the United States.[242] Netflix has a Twitter feed, used to tweet about the new and upcoming shows that include hashtags to encourage engagement of their audience to not only watch the show but to contribute to the hashtag themselves.[243]
International expansion Edit
Competitors Edit
Incidents Edit
In February 2019, police stormed the Netflix headquarters in Hollywood after a man with a gun was wandering around the premises. The buildings were placed on lockdown.[297]
Awards Edit
Finance and revenue Edit
2010 Edit In 2010, Netflix's stock price increased 219% to $175.70 and it added eight million subscribers, bringing its total to 20 million. Revenue jumped 29% to $2.16 billion and net income was up 39% to $161 million.[314] 2011 Edit In April 2011, Netflix was expected to earn $1.07 a share in the first quarter of 2011 on revenue of $705.7 million, a huge increase compared to the year-earlier profit of 59¢ on revenue of $493.7 million, according to a survey of 25 analysts polled by FactSet Research.[315] At their peak, in July 2011, Netflix shares were trading for $299. Following the customer dissatisfaction and resulting loss of subscribers after the announcements by CEO Hastings that streaming and DVD rental would be charged separately, leading to a higher price for customers who wanted both (on September 1), and that the DVD rental would be split off as the subsidiary Qwikster (on September 18), the share price fell steeply, to around $130.[316][317] However, on October 10, 2011, plans to split the company were scrapped. The reason being that "two websites would make things more difficult", they stated on the Netflix blog. On November 22, Netflix's share tumbled, as share prices fell by as much as 7%.[318] By December 2011, as a consequence of its decision to raise prices, Netflix had lost over 75% of its total value from the summer.[319][320] Describing their business model as "broken", Wedbush downgraded Netflix's stock rating to "underperform", the equivalent of sell.[321] 2014 Edit In May 2014, Netflix increased the fee for UK subscribers by £1.[322] The price increase took effect immediately for new subscribers, but would be delayed for two years for existing members. Netflix applied similar increases in the United States (an increase of $1) and the Eurozone (an increase of €1). According to Forbes,[323] "Netflix can add roughly $500 million in annual incremental revenues in the U.S. alone by 2017 with this move" and "roughly $200–250 million in incremental revenues from price changes in international markets". However, Reuters' Felix Salmon is critical about Netflix's financial future, noting that "any time that Netflix builds up a profit margin, the studios will simply raise their prices until that margin disappears".[324] 2016 Edit In April 2016, Netflix announced it would be ending a loyalty rate in certain countries for subscribers who were continuously subscribed before price rises.[325] Netflix spent about $5 billion on original content in 2016;[326] this compares to a 2015 revenue of US$6.77 billion (2015).[327]
Legal issues and controversies Edit
Effects and legacy Edit
The rise of Netflix has affected the way that audiences watch televised content. Netflix's CPO Neil Hunt points out that the Internet allows users the freedom to watch shows at their own pace, so an episode does not need cliffhangers to tease the audience to keep tuning in week after week because they can just continue into the next episode.[336] Netflix has allowed content creators to deviate from traditional formats that force 30 minute or 60 minute time slots once a week, which it claims gives them an advantage over networks. Their model provides a platform which allows varying run times per episode based on a storyline, eliminates the need for a week-to-week recap, and does not have a fixed notion of what constitutes a "season". This flexibility also allows Netflix to nurture a show until it finds its audience, unlike traditional networks which will quickly cancel a show if it is unable to maintain steady ratings.[337] Netflix has strayed from the traditional necessary production of a pilot episode in order to establish the characters and create arbitrary cliffhangers to prove to the network that the concept of the show will be successful. Kevin Spacey spoke at the Edinburgh International Television Festival about how the new Netflix model was effective for the production of House of Cards: "Netflix was the only company that said, 'We believe in you. We've run our data, and it tells us our audience would watch this series.'" Traditional networks are unwilling to risk millions of dollars on shows without first seeing a pilot, but Spacey points out that 113 pilots were made in 2012; 35 of them were chosen to go to air, 13 were renewed, and most are gone now. The total cost of this is somewhere between $300 million and $400 million, which makes Netflix's deal for House of Cards extremely cost effective, according to Spacey.[338] Netflix's subscription fee also eliminates the need for commercials, so they do not need to appease advertisers to fund their original content, a model similar to pay television services such as HBO and Showtime. The Netflix model has also affected viewers' expectations. According to a 2013 Nielsen survey, more than 60-percent of Americans said that they binge-watch shows, and nearly 8 out of 10 Americans have used technology to watch their favorite shows on their own schedule.[339] Netflix has continued to release its original content by making the whole season available at once, acknowledging changing viewer habits. This allows audiences to watch episodes at a time of their choosing rather than having to watch just one episode a week at a specific scheduled time; this effectively gives its subscribers freedom and control over when to watch the next episode at their own pace. In June 2016, Russian Minister of Culture Vladimir Medinsky asserted that Netflix is part of a US government plot to influence the world culture, "to enter every home, get into every television, and through that television, into the head of every person on earth". This was part of their argument for the increase of funding of Russian cinema to pitch it against the dominance of Hollywood.[340]
See also Edit
At a hearing at the school in January, a parent asked the superintendent who oversees the school, Leticia Rodriguez-Rosario, why it hadn't improved.
“We don't know,” Ms. Rodriguez-Rosario said. “The formula didn't work.”
But in several visits to the building and in interviews with teachers at both schools, it became clear that decisive leadership can make or break a school's turnaround efforts: At New Millennium, a longtime principal has united the staff in a sense of optimism and purpose. At J.H.S. 145, a rapid succession of principals, along with other blows, has sown frustration and mistrust. One sign of that mistrust: Some staff members believe that the city is closing the school primarily to give its space to a charter school that moved into the building in 2015.
“It's very, very hard not to be a complete and utter cynic when it comes to this,” James Donohue, a longtime English teacher at the school, said. Ms. Rodriguez-Rosario's assertion that the closing “has absolutely nothing to do with the charter school” is nonsense, they said.
Until 2004, J.H.S. 145 occupied the whole building, with more than 1,600 students, and it struggled academically. The Bloomberg administration divided the building into three schools, believing that smaller schools would perform better. The most senior teachers stayed at J.H.S. 145, while some of the more junior ones went to the two new schools, New Millennium and the Urban Science Academy, which is also in the Renewal program.
But dividing the school didn't improve things. The current New Millennium principal, Dorald Bastian, 43, took over in 2006, when, they said, the school was “on fire” — a phrase they meant both figuratively and literally. Students would get mad and punch out the glass panels in classroom doors, and a couple of times they set bulletin boards on fire, they said. At one point they chased a student with a loaded handgun out of the building.
Medicine Hat Mayor Ted Clugston has been charged with impaired driving.
The incident was confirmed by the mayor themselves in an email release to the media.
"At this time, these charges are before the courts and on the advice of legal counsel I cannot comment on the matter further," the email read.
According to the email,Clugston was stopped by Medicine Hat police after midnight on Friday, Feb. 13 while on their way home.
Medicine Hat Police Service Chief Andy McGrogan said "subsequent to the arrest [Clugston] was charged with impaired driving and exceed .08 under the provisions of the Criminal Code."
McGogan said Clugston was cooperative throughout the investigation.
A court date has been set for March 10, 2015.
"Thank you for your patience, as this is a serious matter," Clugston said.
Clugston was elected mayor of Medicine Hat in October, 2013.
Those on the Lumia 830 are seeing an OS version update to 8.10.15148.160, with a firmware version of 02177.00000.15184.36003. The Lumia 1520's firmware version has been incremented to 02540.00019.15236.45004. With the update, it looks like a few users are able to see 4G connection speeds for cellular connectivity for the Lumia 1520 and the Lumia 930.
Both devices come with LTE bands that should theoretically work with Airtel's 1800MHz or 2100MHz frequency, although the rollout of 4G services is still in its nascent stages. Hyderabad is one such city where Airtel has commenced 4G services, and as it so happens we have a Lumia 930 with us. We'll let you know if the phone is able to connect to the carrier's 4G network in the city later this week. Until then, let us know if you're seeing any other improvements in the comments.
Lumia 830 discussion on Windows Central forums
Thanks everyone for the tips!
A U.S. soldier scans for trouble just west of the Great Zab River, near Mosul, Iraq, on Tuesday Nov. 1, 2016.
NEAR MOSUL, Iraq — U.S. special operators were at the front line on the edge of Mosul earlier on Tuesday with elite Iraqi troops who were preparing to enter the Islamic State's last stronghold in the country.
The Americans wore black uniforms and drove black armored vehicles, blending in with their Iraqi counterparts from the U.S.-trained Golden Division just outside the village of Gogjali on the eastern edge of Mosul. Several had skull and crossed swords patches and one had a sign on their helmet that read: “Hippie Killer.” They were not allowed to talk to the media and asked not to be photographed.
Later Tuesday, Iraq's special forces entered the outskirts of Mosul, taking the state television building and advancing despite fierce resistance by Islamic State group fighters who control the city, an Iraqi general told The Associated Press.
Troops entered Gogjali, a neighborhood inside Mosul's city limits, and later the borders of the more built-up Karama district, according to Maj. Gen. Sami al-Aridi of the Iraqi special forces. As the sun went down, a sandstorm blew in, reducing visibility to only 100 yards and bringing the day's combat to an end, the AP reported.
Meanwhile, U.S. Army engineers also pushed closer to the city, searching for improvised bombs just west of the Great Zab River, about halfway from the Kurdish city of Irbil to Mosul. The troops, wearing 101st Airborne Division patches, said they weren't allowed to talk to the media. When a loud explosion rocked a nearby village, soldiers who had been scouting a roadside compound ran back to their armored vehicles.
The American special operators near Gogjali set up a mortar, unloaded a bazooka-style weapon and watched nearby fighting from a farmhouse roof.
From their position a large television antenna in the center of Mosul was visible. Rockets screamed through the air, machine guns barked and explosions shook the earth while the Golden Division troops pushed forward in armored vehicles.
At around midday a drone the Americans had launched earlier stalled and crashed beside the farmhouse, breaking its wings and propeller.
Leaflets dropped on the city urged locals who have been helping the Islamic State to turn against the militants in exchange for the Iraqi government's forgiveness.
Cpl. Hammed Kasim, 24, smiled and waved around a steel hatchet. They claimed he'd used it to torture enemy prisoners in the nearby town of Bartella last week, but added: “I didn't get them to talk.”
Another Iraqi soldier, Cpl. Ali Abdul Hussain, 28, of Baghdad, said the farmhouse where the Americans were positioned was only two miles from Mosul's city limits. They said the Golden Division recaptured it on Monday.
“The enemy fought us with three car bombs and rocket propelled grenades,” they said.
Their comrade, Cpl. Zaidoun Ali, 28, of Baghdad, said airstrikes destroyed the car bombs. Iraqi forces had advanced on three sides to surround the militants in Gogjali, they said.
“We killed 25 of them,” they said.
The troops showed off a Motorola radio and chargers they said were standard issue for Mosul police but were captured from the enemy. The militants tried to contact their dead comrades over the radio all night but gave up in the morning, they said.
A few miles away from the frontline, in Bartella, displaced Christian families were allowed to visit homes liberated by the Golden Division last week.
Widad Tuma, 45, a mother of four, returned to find their home destroyed in an airstrike and most of their possessions looted.
“All we could find were our photo albums and some clothes,” they said.
Zainab Olivo contributed to this report.
robson.seth@stripes.com
Twitter: @sethrobson1
What We Talk About, When We Don't Talk About Natives
Dear Games Journalism,
I'm really bummed out and we need to talk about why.
In the past week leading up to the launch of Guerrilla Game's Horizon: Zero Dawn, I've read several thousand words about it. And now on the eve of its launch, I've read several thousand more.
Most of those words repeat, but none so glaringly as these:
Tribal.
Primitive.
Braves.
Savage.
But in all those thousands of words, those dozens of instances of that particular list, no one calls them into question. Not a single review makes mention of the historical usage of those words, or the tropes reflected in Horizon that caused the writers to use them without hesitancy.
Though officially retired in 1989, the Atlanta Braves “Indian” logo lingers.
And that's a problem.
You see, Natives are actually all around you. We may only make up 2–4% of the US population according to census data, but despite what mainstream media and popular misconception might have you believe — we're still here.
indie developers, In fact, there are a number of Natives who work in video games. Among our ranks we count journalists BAFTA award-winning games , and even rock stars with great hair . But aside from Never Alone, we don't get talked about much. Instead games like the Turok franchise, inFAMOUS Second Son, the original Prey, Assassin's Creed III get talked about — games which have little to do anything with us, our diverse identities and cultures, or involvement. And when they do, it's always disappointing.
AAA video games haven't come very far in the past 20 years.
Blizzard's Overwatch had a brief moment of debate as to whether Pharah's “Thunderbird” and “Raindancer” skins were appropriative. Questions were raised, but few if any Natives were consulted. No one seemed willing to take a stand in their coverage. In interviews, questions about cultural appropriation were asked, but when met with a tepid answer there was no further probing. No interviewer bothered to inquire whether or not Kaplan had ever read any of the criticism about the Pharah skins when told that they were open to hearing feedback. No one pressed to find out why non-Natives felt they were qualified to judge if a line had been crossed. Canned responses were accepted at face value.
In case you were wondering — Yes, it is cultural appropriation.
But with Horizon: Zero Dawn — there isn't even that much.
Writers have openly discussed what we would call “Hollywood Indian” tropes without any commentary. Praised the game's “unique” and “refreshing” take on gender, social politics, matriarchies — nearly every aspect of Horizon's world building has been critically praised using terms that explicitly and historically have applied to indigenous peoples often to disparage our ways of life and oppress us, all while ignoring that unique and refreshing world building has been lifted almost entirely from our cultures.
Nothing says “Indian Princess” like a white girl in fringed leather, earth tones, turquoise, and wielding a bow, right? I'm sure it's just coincidental.
Horizon: Zero Dawn has been described as taking place in a world “where life has seemingly reverted to the tribal-like ways of the past” a phrase that erases how many indigenous peoples still associate as tribal communities and governments, and despite colonialist demands for assimilation, actively live their cultures in much the way they always have.
The uncritical use of words like “primitive” and “savage” to describe appropriated cultural signifiers on large media platforms serves to reinforce racist and colonialist ideas about indigenous people.
Look, I understand that no one wants to step outside of their lane. We're all exhausted by The Discourse and don't want to stoke that any more than we have to. And that professional relationships require tact.
While part of me would love to see non-Native games journalists aggressively critique the issues in games like Horizon: Zero Dawn — I don't expect it, and I wouldn't even ask for it.
This is not a call-out. It's a plea to try just a little harder. Because I know you can do it.
If you're not aware of the broad strokes of cultural appropriation that happens with Natives — a Google search will give you dozens of examples to look for.
If you are given pause by an element in a game that invokes Native imagery — say so when you write about it.
If you think you see Native culture being appropriated or misused in a piece of media — odds are, even if it is unintentional, you're correct.
Please remember that indigenous people exist, that when you write about tribal/indigenous societies, you're writing about us — even in fictional contexts. And there is a long, dark history of the vocabulary you might be inclined to draw upon when writing.
Ask questions. Raise concerns. And if you feel unequipped to do so?
Find those who can and develop their talents if necessary. Look for Native voices. But also, know that you can use your voices too.
I believe in you, and I know you can do better.
Video games have been appropriating from Natives both blatantly and obliquely for decades. And as much as we'd like to hope — it's probably not going to stop anytime soon. But it definitely won't without your help.
Thank you.
Two years ago I got very excited by the idea that it will be possible to decentralise the handling of money in my small country Estonia. I'm not talking about geeky bitcoins, but the real Euros. I wrote this blogpost, chatted with bitcoin people this and the other side of the Atlantic. At the time it certainly felt do-able, but needed quite a bit of technical and cryptographic wizardry.
Now we have the Ethereum programmable blockchain. It took me a couple of hours on a Saturday morning to successfully implement a central mint and a monetary system using a public recipe, together with necessary enforcement controls to tackle money laundering and other bad things.
Built a central bank and a monetary system on the Ethereum programmable blockchain this morning. Magic. pic.twitter.com/YlFCBsWzmm — Kristo Käärmann (@kaarmann) May 28, 2016
The technology is here, now it is just the matter of bringing the digital money to life.
Imagine our usual money, Euros that don't live in banks – but are omnipresent in the ether. Where you and only you are directly in control of them. Imagine everyday banking being a public good. Imagine that money moves in real-time between any destination any time of the day. Imagine it doesn't cost more than 1 cent to make 100 payments regardless of the size. Imagine the world where people and businesses don't need to open bank accounts to get paid.
Wait, but why do we need it?
Banks work. They have already been built.
Banks work just barely. Payments between banks take a couple of hours in most places and won't work in the middle of the night or over the weekends. When payments do move, they do at a cost. Some banks pass it on to customers (€0.32 in Swedbank) others subsidise from other products. Businesses are not getting off easy, card payments cost them at least 1% of the sale.
We shouldn't complain about banks, there's not much incentive for them to improve.
No-one knows how the technology of using money should evolve. Unfortunately we won't find out as long as we're relying on banks to figure it out. Hence, the first step is to create an environment, where money isn't the monopoly of banks and where everyone can innovate.
Eventually we want our Teslas to pay for the parking themselves and fill up autonomously. We want our smart meter to pay for gas and electricity. We want our money to be safe without paying someone for keeping it safe.
Wait, but how do we get it?
It is great to play through that a new monetary scheme could exist in theory, but it is many times more exciting, when you see how it can happen in practice. What I'm suggesting below would be crazy pipe talk in most countries, but taking one small country I know well – it would be practically doable. With a small leap of faith.
Ethereum blockchain, its smart contracts and distributed truth validation do most of the work. It creates a digital token that can be mapped to fiat currency with managed supply. We need just a couple of additional components.
1. The central mint
The central mint is the trusted body, preferably the central bank, who takes fiat currency deposits and issues digital tokens in return. Technically it is a special user defined in the ethereum contract, who has the ability to increase or decrease the total supply of digital Euros. There is not much to code, it is already easily done in ethereum contracts.
2. Fiat <> crypto gateway(s)
In theory this could be the central mint, practically it would make sense if there are a few gateways available who exchange fiat to crypto and back at the 1:1 rate. Some crypto accounts should have an associated IBAN, so that every Euro sent to that IBAN from a traditional bank will naturally end up on this crypto account on the blockchain. Equally, the network API should allow crypto tokens to be sent not only to other crypto accounts but also to external IBANs so that they get seamlessly converted in flight.
In Estonia there is a convenient solution that would work for topping up personal accounts. Local banks pass the sender's ID code with the bank transfer, so you can set up a single collection bank account for fiat EUR, which then determines the destination crypto account based on the sender's ID.
3. Identity registry on EstID
The crucial part of a successful public cryptocurrency scheme is giving law enforcement the ability to monitor money flows and freeze accounts. The latter is easy to do on Ethereum by creating an appointed user in the blockchain contract, who has the powers to mark accounts frozen.
The monitoring part is solved with a private registry, which links crypto accounts with the ID codes of real people or registry numbers for businesses. This registry ensures, that there is a real world identity behind every crypto account and every transaction.
In practice this means that when someone generates a new crypto account, it will need to be registered before it can receive currency. That is easy to do just by signing the account with the mobile-ID. Nothing more than an API call to the registry with the valid ID signature.
Thinking a step ahead, in the similar way as we give first.last@eesti.ee email addresses to every citizen with their ID, we could easily create default cryptocurrency addresses for every single person. You would be able to set up automated forwarding to traditional IBAN.
4. Paying blockchain miners
The scheme may run on the main ethereum blockchain, but could also be run on a private blockchain. The latter would need mining infrastructure, which is readily available on the ethereum main network with the benefits of scale. Thus, at least initially, running on the main ethereum network makes sense.
Ethereum charges for mining and transaction processing in ETH – a currency of ether. Roughly at the cost of 1¢ that is not a problem, but the crypto EUR accounts are likely not going to have any ether on them. We need to arrange some ether pre-funding. Looks like this is also possible to define on these Ethereum smart contracts, but needs some more thinking.
5. SDKs and sample apps
The whole point of the scheme is to turn banking into a public good, something that everyone can innovate on. Although anyone can build their own wallets and features directly on this blockchain, we can make that easier to get going with.
It would be convenient to have an open source server-client setup, which keeps the multi-Gb blockchain on a server exposing an API and the SDKs for javascript, android or ios clients. Good to have sample implementations of apps to register accounts, check the balances and make transfers.
Then what?
This all sounds pretty easily doable. But then what? We'll have all of this in place – who will use it?
Not much will happen on day one. Then you'll see some apps integrate crypto Euro as a payment option. Just because they can do so at no cost and with little effort. Next you'll find that some mass payers prefer make their payouts in crypto money. Saving €30 on every 100 payments pays back quickly.
The big change will come the day, when someone figures out to use digital money in a way that banks and us today can't even imagine. Our job is to make that day possible.
Open problems
It is almost all quite straightforward – before you get to the trickier parts.
1. Public balances
Blockchain is public. All the transactions are on the blockchain. Hence everyone can fairly easily compute the current balances of every single account on the blockchain. You can also summarise how much have accounts paid to which other accounts over time. Sounds like all transactions on all bank accounts would be public. Doesn't sound like a great idea.
Fortunately there are almost endless account addresses available. Perhaps there is a scheme where a new sub-address is created for every time someone asks for my account-address. Then I would end up with technically hundreds of accounts and the app presentation layer would have to bring it all together to one balance.
Equally new accounts could be generated for every payout, so that when you receive money from me, you will only know of this one account. There can also be nightly obfuscation process, which pools all money from incoming-accounts together and then redistributes to the outgoing-accounts of the same person. It is called “mixing” in the bitcoin world. In this case the “mixing” would be done by the scheme itself.
2. Pulling money (direct debit)
A lot of everyday banking is pushing money to other accounts, but the majority of transactions are “pulling” money. Largely these use cases fall into 3 groups.
e-Invoices or payment requests: this is effectively a message sent to your bank by a retailer, a phone company, your friend, who you owe for lunch. The bank would require you to log on as normal, review the amount and authorise a push payment to the requester. It could work exactly the same with crypto Euro, nothing complex here. direct debit: in this scenario you would trust someone, usually a utility provider, to withdraw random amounts of money from you monthly to cover your gas bill, rubbish collection, taxes. Some countries allow you to set a velocity limit – e.g. not more than €30 per month for a phone bill and almost always are these payments non-final. This means you can always tell your bank that you didn't mean to pay this amount and they would pull it back from the receiver. IMHO this UK/US style direct debit is a pretty expensive fraud inviting setup. There are some cases, where it does make sense – for example paying for Uber rides, having Paypal account “connected” to a hosting provider, who withdraws every month.
The ethereum contract would allow account owners to nominate a 3rd party account, who could pull money from this particular account – also with velocity limits. debit card: in the physical world this works as a token, together with your PIN to authorise that you want to make a payment from the account. Initially the cards could work off-blockchain. I'm sure many people will happily give you debit cards against your crypto account backed by the direct debit agreement. They would make 0.2% interchange from the merchant on every Euro you spend.
The new news from Estonia
Let me know if you're interested in making this a reality. I think we have a chance.
After their condition took a sudden turn for the worse, doctors discovered they had torn an artery and had damage to their brain stem — the result of their earlier exertions, the family said.
Agins, who became an emergency medical technician to prepare for a career as a physician assistant, was taken off life support on Tuesday, four days after the incident at the camp.
"Knowing they died trying to save a life, which is what they wanted to do, brings a little comfort for us," said their dad, Bruce Agins. "It doesn't bring them back. It doesn't fill the void. It does bring some comfort."
They said their daughter was a senior at East Stroudsburg University and planned to attend a physician assistant's program after graduation.
As part of that process, they needed to accrue time working with patients and decided to become certified as an emergency medical technician to meet the requirement.
Some of their relatives worked at the New Jersey Jaycee Camp, and Agins landed a job there as an EMT for the summer.
"Knowing they died trying to save a life, which is what they wanted to do, brings a little comfort for us."
They mainly dealt with cuts and bruises, but last Friday night they were summoned to help the camper, their father said. They hooked up a defibrillator, which instructed them to perform chest compressions and CPR. They did that for 30 to 40 minutes, they said.
"It's very strenuous," they said. A spokesperson for the camp described Agins' attempt as "heroic and valiant."
When an ambulance arrived, those medics relieved Agins but were not able to revive the camper. The novice EMT seemed to be in shock from the situation — they threw up and was "white as a ghost," their father said.
Them mother was called to the camp and took their daughter home. When disturbing new symptoms cropped up, they called 911 — but by the time the ambulance arrived, Samantha was no longer responsive.
U.S. carrier Verizon has launched a new rewards program as it pushes for more lucrative ways to eke money out of a subscriber base that's not growing as easily as it once was. (Disclosure: Verizon is the parent company of TechCrunch's parent, Oath (formerly AOL; Oath being formed from the merging of AOL and Yahoo)
As the WSJ notes, the more than 600,000 subscribers the company added in the last quarter had to be wooed with cut prices and revived unlimited data offerings — so that type of growth is more costly to its bottom line. While revenue generated by the company's core wireless business in 2016 was 2.7 per cent down on the year before.
Verizon is therefore intent on transforming into an “information company” which sells “experiences” on top of connectivity, and looks for ways to “optimize the monetization” — including making use of machine learning and AI, as the company's EVP and president, Ronan Dunne, put it in comments at a conference last month. (For “optimize the monetization” read: target ads to our existing subscriber-base to ramp up our share of the digital advertising market.)
In a promo video for Verizon Up, as the new program is called, the wireless giant claims its motivation for giving customers who sign up for the program one credit (which is good for one reward) for every $300 they spend on their monthly bill — which they can redeem on a variety of offers from Starbucks coffee to TV shows to movie premiers to concert tickets — is “just because you're with Verizon”. “Because, thanks,” they add.
Of course the truth is rather less one-sided.
A legal disclaimer on the Verizon Up sign up page notes that only those customers who sign up for Verizon Select are eligible for the rewards program. So what is Verizon Selects? It's Verizon's ad-targeting program, which targets marketing based on users' personal data.
So, in plain English, Verizon is saying: let us use your browsing, location, interests and other personal data for marketing purposes — and we'll let you participate in our earn-rewards program.
Verizon Selects targets ads based on users' web browsing, app usage, device location, use of Verizon services and “other information about you (such as your postal/email addresses, demographics, and interests)” — sharing this information with Oath (aka the digital media entity formed after the recent merging of Verizon acquisitions, AOL and Yahoo) in order to power wider ad-targeting of Verizon users across its devices and services.
The data is also being used to personalize the rewards individual users see in Verizon Up, the company's FAQ says.
The wider context here is that Oath is Verizon's bid to better compete for digital ad spend with the personal-data-harvesting ad-targeting specialists of the Internet: aka Google and Facebook.
Regulation of how telcos can use personal data has typically been tighter than for Internet services but earlier this year the FCC reversed tighter privacy rules for broadband providers — thereby giving giants like Verizon more room for their data-harvesting, ad-tracking manoeuvres.
Interestingly, Verizon is not auto-enrolling all users in the rewards/data-sharing program — so is evidently taking things a little more cautiously than it could technically, given the current lack of a robust regulatory framework covering U.S. ISP privacy.
As TechCrunch wrote in March, when the broadband privacy rules were reversed —
ISPs can record and sell your browsing history, data on which apps and services you use and so on.
ISPs don't have to tell you what they collect or who they sell it to beyond what they volunteer to say in their privacy policy.
— with only the potential possibility of the FTC regaining privacy oversight of ISPs in future to provide some pause for thought in how wireless providers go about sucking up and sharing their customers' data.
Writing in the Hill in March, at the time of the broadband privacy rule reversal, FTC commissioner Terrell McSweeny warned of what they couched as “part of a larger effort to substantially shift the risks of data security from companies to consumers and to weaken consumer privacy choices”.
Even so, ISPs face the risk of losing customers' trust if they are perceived to be playing fast and loose with their privacy — so perhaps a sense of needing to balance these sorts of trust issues is feeding into Verizon's decision to make the program opt-in, as well as wider regulatory considerations.
On the latter, earlier this year Verizon agreed to pay a $1.35M fine to the FCC which had been investigating its user of so-called “supercookies” to target ads — and also agreed it would ask users to opt-in before sharing data with third parties. So that penalty is serving as a recent ‘regulatory considerations' reminder.
Commenting about the new Verizon Up program to the WSJ, Diego Scotti, Verizon's chief marketing officer, pointed to tech giants like Google and Facebook, saying: “Some of our competitors, they have exactly the same thing, it's just buried in the terms and conditions of the service. We are not hiding anything.”
Although there's still at least a technical difference between an Internet application that people choose to use, like Facebook, and an ISP that provides Internet connectivity, with only limited alternatives for accessing the Internet if someone wants to ditch their ISP (even if lots of web users might feel they cannot easily ditch Facebook or Google, either).
Verizon users opting to share their personal data with Oath for ad-targeting purposes can withdraw their consent (via logging in to a preferences page) — however an FAQ on the program suggests that users' data is unlikely to be immediately deleted. “Information used for Verizon Selects while you are a participant may be kept for up to three years,” it states.
“Information previously collected may continue to be used for analytics and modeling purposes,” the FAQ further notes.
We've reached out to Verizon with questions and will update this post with any response.
Gray wolves are listed as endangered throughout the state of Washington but that hasn't stopped the state's Department of Fish and Wildlife from initiating a program that takes aim at a beloved pack.
In 2016 the “Smackout” pack was numbered at 8, but it has since welcomed several pups. It is one of only 20 packs in the entire state. The once numerous predator was nearly wiped out by farmers and hunters who believed they had more right to the land than the other animals that shared the land.
Unfortunately, this mentality still persists today. Farmers have complained that the wolves are threatening their cattle and now the state has decided to do something about it. Already 2 wolves have received a silver bullet.
Yet, the culling of wolves to protect livestock isn't likely to work. In fact, targeting a pack could actually make things worse since family groups become separated and they no longer have the capability to target their natural, wild prey like elk and deer. This has the unwanted effect of making domesticated animals like cattle and sheep their prefered prey.
Gray wolves are still a threatened species and their survival should take precedence over the incidental loss of livestock. Instead of killing them, farmers and DFW need to create better policies that will protect both the wolf and their livestock.
Sign the petition and tell the Washington DFW to end the killing of the Smackout wolves.
This was a year when construction cranes pointed out the changes in Baltimore's neighborhoods.
After years of planning, the Harbor Point mini-city at the old Allied Signal property off Philpot Street in Fells Point shot skyward. The Exelon building took form and joined the Thames Street Wharf in what promises to be its own distinct part of the city.
The complicated business of converting Fells Point's 1914 Recreation Pier on Thames Street into a hotel got underway. This fascinating endeavor, bankrolled by Under Armour founder Kevin Plank, involved major structural strengthening of the old pier and its bulkheads. It's a complicated project that will extend through much of 2017. I visited the site in September and predict that the pier's renovated head house will become one of Baltimore's most dramatic wedding and event spaces.
The Brewers Hill neighborhood had an interesting addendum. A former boiler house at the old Gunther Brewery on Conkling Street is on its way to becoming a new restaurant, called, appropriately, Gunther's Inc. When it opens, it will be a part of the larger Gunther residential complex.
The construction equipment came off the 10 Light Street building, built in 1929 as the Baltimore Trust Co. It's now apartments after serving as a bank and office building. Other downtown apartments also took shape nicely in the long vacant U.S. Fidelity and Guaranty buildings on Calvert Street.
I observed a number of new hotels open their doors this year. The old Keyser Building, long a commercial landmark at the southeast corner of Calvert and Redwood streets, opened as the Hotel RL. The old downtown YMCA on Franklin Street is now the Hotel Indigo. Its jazzy interior features references to Edgar Allan Poe.
The Mount Vernon neighborhood saw the scaffolding and cranes come down from a preserved and cleaned Washington Monument. Charles Street's Brass Elephant restaurant changed hands and spent much of the year being cleaned out. A few bocks east, at Calvert and Preston, the old William Painter mansion made a dramatic comeback as the Ivy Hotel.
The neighborhood also got a new food market on the ground floor of the old Hochschild Kohn department store's warehouse at 520 Park Ave. Attached its a stylish coffee emporium, Ceremony Coffee Roasters.
The Remington Row project at 2700 block of Remington Ave. rose over the summer and fall and will become medical offices. The neighborhood also got a gathering spot and eatery at Bar Clavel on West 23rd Street.
The Charles North-Station North area along North Avenue saw some of the most remarkable change of the year as both the Centre Theater and the Motor House opened. At night, the dramatic lighting returned to the Centre, built in 1938 as a movie theater. It now houses offices for Maryland Institute College of Art and the Johns Hopkins University, as well as Sparkypants Studio, a video game development firm, and other users. Joe Squared Pizza also worked away on its new location at North and Maryland avenues.
The Hampden-Wyman Park area experienced a dramatic physical change in the rebuilding of the Rotunda site. The former parking lot behind the old headquarters of Maryland Casualty Co. became an intensely developed grouping of apartments, stores, a movie house and a garage.
Hampden also saw a new group of townhouses in the 3400 block of Roland Ave. completed.
The final reconstruction touches were made in the rebuilding and landscaping of Charles Street alongside Johns Hopkins above 29th Street. At the same time, a new structure began rising at 3200 St. Paul St. in Charles Village. The first floor will be retail shops, and the complex includes a substantial garage and student housing.
It may not be in the same category as some of the other items I've mentioned, but I was delighted to stand by one evening this fall as the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Museum unveiled the restoration of a locomotive heavily damaged in 2003 when the museum's roof collapsed during a snowstorm. The 1875 J.C. Davis has never looked so handsome.
jacques.kelly@baltsun.com
The judge notes that allusions to Christ are generally not protected by copyright.
It's official: The Matrix trilogy had nothing to do with Nazis.
On Monday, Warner Bros., Andy and Lana Wachowski and Joel Silver won summary judgment in defense of a lawsuit that contended that the Keanu Reeves starrer was stolen.
The lawsuit came from Thomas Althouse in California federal court in 2013. Why so late? The plaintiff said that it was not until 2010 that they had watched The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions and began investigating the possibility that those films released way back in 2003 had possible similarities to their own script, The Immortals. Althouse said they had submitted their script to Warner Bros in 1993.
STORY: Judge Won't Stop Jason Patric from Using Son's Name for Advocacy Purposes
What Althouse had tried to get made into a film concerned a CIA agent who gains immortality from a drug and finds themselves in the year 2235, where Adolph Hitler and some Nazis have been reanimated from cryopreservation. In the script, the spy protagonist is now fighting with those now immortal Nazis who seek to oppress and destroy all "short-lifers."
"The basic premises of The Matrix Trilogy and The Immortals are so different that it would be unreasonable to find their plots substantially similar," writes Judge R. Gary Klausner in Monday's ruling.
So no similarity in plot, but how about themes? For this, we turn beyond Nazis to examine Jesus Christ.
STORY: James Franco Sued for Violating Film Rights to Charles Bukowski Novel
"Plaintiff alleges that both stories have allusions to Christ," notes the judge. "However, allusions to Christianity in literature date back hundreds of years and are not generally protectible. Looking at the details of the works, the two works express these themes very differently. The Christian allusions in The Immortals conclude with the literal Second Coming of Christ, whereas The Matrix Trilogy concludes with a metaphorical reference to Christ, as Neo sacrifices themselves to save others."
Alas, the lawsuit proves mortal, just like the rest of us short-lifers.
E-mail: Eriq.Gardner@THR.com
Twitter: @eriqgardner
Bulgaria has overtaken South Korea as "the country with the highest broadband adoption rate at 96%," a report by world-leading cloud services provider Akamai shows.
In its 2014 State of the Internet report, Akamai tracks year-over-year changes, putting global high broadband adoption rate 25% up in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to Q3 of the same year (the previous Q/Q increase was 22%).
"Bulgaria also saw adoption more than double, with a 180% year-over-year increase," a substantial boost just as in "all of the top- countries/regions". Romania jumped even further with 158%, while world leader South Korea registered an increase of just 11%, according to Akamai.
In Q4, Bulgaria just "edged out the third quarter's leader, South Korea, which saw a 0.1% fourth-quarter decline in its adoption rate" in terms of broadband (>4 Mbps) connectivity.
At the same time the country lags a little behind in terms of high broadband connectivity at a speed over 10 Mbps, ranking 9th.
Average Internet speed in Q4, according to Akamai's interactive map, was 11 Mbps, which is far beyond South Korea's 22 Mbps (even though the latter registered a slight decrease).
Bulgaria has traditionally ranked well in terms of Internet connection, but has performed much worse in penetration, since access remains limited in some rural regions, with only 20.3% of citizens being prepaid Internet users.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We have rounded up all the latest Blues transfer rumours on the web, with claims Roberto Martinez is tracking the 'Turkish Xavi', while Borussia Dortmund supposedly enter the race for Romelu Lukaku.
*Please remember, these are internet rumours, gathered in one place for your convenience, not Liverpool ECHO stories.
Rumour one
The Blues could make a bid for Galatasaray midfielder Selcuk Inan, who has been called the 'Turkish Xavi' for their fine passing ability.
Inan, 29, has been previously linked with Barcelona and Liverpool.
But the Blues are reportedly set to make a bid to bring them to Goodison Park.
Source: Football Direct News
Rumour two
Another day, another destination for on-loan Blues striker Romelu Lukaku - this time to Borussia Dortmund.
Dortmund are ready to make a move for the 20-year-old as they seek a replacement for Robert Lewandowski.
The Bundesliga side now join a host of clubs supposedly chasing the Belgian, Monaco included.
Source: Sports Mole
Rumour three
Everton target Michy Batshuayi has admitted they are unlikely to stay with Standard Liege next season.
But while the striker has named Arsenal as their preferred destination, the Blues remain interested.
The 20-year-old has a contract with Standard until 2018, with their release clause thought to be worth £6.5m
Source: Daily Express
More Everton FC news:
Live: Everton FC news and views 19/03/14
Martinez hails James McCarthy in same breath as Blues legends
Don't leave early - the late goals the Blues have scored this season
A video of Christchurch Police escorting a duck and its ducklings across a busy intersection has become an instant hit on social media.
Detective Sergeant Mike Freeman said they and two other officers from the Canterbury Police family violence team were returning to Christchurch Central Police station from a meeting near Christchurch Hospital at about noon on Monday when the rescue took place.
They first provided protection for the duck family as it crossed the road near the hospital.
JOHN HAWKINS A video of a duck and its ducklings getting a police escort to cross a busy intersection in Christchurch has been a social media hit.
As they continued towards the station, the ducks began walking with them, along Antigua St towards the St Asaph St intersection.
When the ducks decided to cross the road to get to a large puddle on the other side, the officers stepped in, while Freeman caught the good deed on video.
"The intersections were busy so in order to avoid the duck and ducklings getting hurt and prevent any road related incidents caused by drivers trying to avoid them the officers took action to stop the cars and ensure they reached their watering hole safely," they said.
The video was posted on Canterbury Police Facebook page on Tuesday afternoon.
This article is over 3 years old
Worst El Niño in more than 15 years causes several deaths and drives thousands from their homes in border areas of four South American countries
More than 100,000 flee El Niño flooding in Paraguay, Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay
More than 100,000 people evacuated their homes in the bordering areas of Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil and Argentina due to severe flooding in the wake of heavy summer rains brought on by El Niño, authorities said.
The Paraguayan government declared a state of emergency in Asunción and seven regions of the country. Several people were killed by falling trees, local media reported.
El Niño: food shortages, floods, disease and droughts set to put millions at risk Read more
“[The flooding] was directly influenced by the El Niño phenomenon which has intensified the frequency and intensity of rains,” the national emergencies office said.
This year's El Niño, which is linked to global climate fluctuations, is the worst in more than 15 years, according to the UN's World Meteorological Organisation (WMO).
“Severe droughts and devastating flooding being experienced throughout the tropics and subtropical zones bear the hallmarks of this El Niño,” said WMO chief Michel Jarraud.
In northern Argentina about 20,000 people had to abandon their homes, the government said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Severe flooding in the northern Argentinian city of Concordia. Photograph: Prensa Municipio Concordia Handout/EPA
“We are going to have a few complicated months, the consequences will be serious,” said Ricardo Colombi, the governor of the Corrientes region, after flying over the worst-affected areas with the national cabinet chief, Marcos Peña.
Peña said new president, Mauricio Macri, would visit affected areas and intended to make improving infrastructure to mitigate flooding a priority.
In Uruguay more than 9,000 people fled their homes, according to the national emergencies office.
At least four people died in Argentina and Uruguay, according to local media reports. One was reported to have drowned while another was electrocuted by a fallen power cable.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Brazilian president, Dilma Rousseff, flies over flood-afflicted Uruguaiana in Brazil. Photograph: Reuters
President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil flew over flooded areas on the border with Argentina and Uruguay. Rio Grande do Sul state civil defence said 38 towns were affected by heavy rains and nearly 1,800 people were left homeless.
AMC Networks' Shudder has bought North American and UK/Ireland rights to Flying Lotus' horror thriller “Kuso,” which prompted walkouts when it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January.
“Kuso” will be available on the Shudder suspense-horror streaming service and play theatrically in New York and Los Angeles from July 21.
“Kuso” marks the feature directorial debut from Steve, the filmmaking alter-ego of Steve Ellison, better known as music producer, DJ and rapper Flying Lotus. He's released five studio albums and received two Grammy nominations including one for their work on Kendrick Lamar's “To Pimp A Butterfly.”
“Kuso” depicts the aftermath of Los Angeles's worst earthquake nightmare through music, special effects and animation to take a look at the dark history of America. The film is produced by Eddie Alcazar, and features Hannibal Buress, Anders Holm, Tim Heidecker and funk musician George Clinton. It includes an original score and musical collaborations with Aphex Twin and Akira Yamaoka.
Shudder GM Linda Pan said, “'Kuso' pushes the boundaries of filmmaking and we're delighted to be working with Steve on this highly unique film, as Shudder continues it's commitment to bringing new and innovative programming to its community.”
The deal was brokered on behalf of Brainfeeder Films by Nate Bolotin for XYZ Films and CAA.
Dennis Harvey said in their review for Variety: “Nearly every year at the Sundance Film Festival, some out-there entry ekes a modicum of press attention from reports that viewers fainted, barfed, or walked out en masse. This year, that film would be Midnight selection “Kuso,” though so far the drama hasn't escalated beyond walkouts (an apparent sizable minority at public screenings, a majority at the press screening attended).
Significant Objects, a literary and anthropological experiment devised by Rob Walker and Joshua Glenn, demonstrated that the effect of narrative on any given object's subjective value can be measured objectively.
The project auctioned off thrift-store objects via eBay; for item descriptions, short stories purpose-written by over 200 contributing writers, including Meg Cabot, William Gibson, Ben Greenman, Sheila Heti, Neil LaBute, Jonathan Lethem, Tom McCarthy, Lydia Millet, Jenny Offill, Bruce Sterling, Scarlett Thomas, and Colson Whitehead, were substituted. The objects, purchased for $1.25 apiece on average, sold for nearly $8,000.00 in total. (Proceeds were distributed to the contributors, and to nonprofit creative writing organizations.) All the project's stories are archived on this site.
Glenn and Walker are now pleased to announce that a collection of 100 of the project's finest stories has been published by Fantagraphics in a highly impressive volume, masterfully designed by Jacob Covey. It is available now via Powell's, Amazon, B&N, or wherever finer books are sold.
Follow the latest news and other interesting notes on objects, stories, and value at significobs.tumblr.com. We're also on Twitter, and Facebook, and sometimes we even post in the news section of this very site!
In this April 10, 2014 photo, luxury high-rise buildings line the seafront, in Beirut Lebanon. One by one, the old traditional houses of Beirut are vanishing as luxury towers sprout up on every corner, altering the city's skyline almost beyond recognition. While Lebanon's real estate sector has developed to become one of the country's success stories, many say it is coming at the expense of Lebanon's identity and heritage. (AP Photo/Hussein Malla)
BEIRUT (AP) — One by one, the old traditional houses of Beirut are vanishing as luxury towers sprout up on every corner, altering the city's skyline almost beyond recognition amid an ongoing construction frenzy seemingly immune to tensions from the civil war raging next door.
Lebanon's enchanting Ottoman and colonial French-style buildings once represented Beirut's rich history, withstanding years of civil war and invasions only to be demolished in peace time by wealthy Gulf Arab investors.
In that, Beirut is no different than Dubai, Doha or other major world cities overtaken by a global trend for modern, tall buildings. But in a country that prides itself on its rich history, many complain that Lebanon is losing its charm and character, often said to be the only thing going for it.
A famously scenic Mediterranean city surrounded by once lush mountains, Beirut may soon be overrun with buildings — all at the expense of green parks and pedestrian areas.
Robert Saliba, professor of architecture and urban planning at the American University of Beirut, said Beirut always has been attractive for investors because of its cultural diversity and free spirit.
"Beirut is a reflection of a hybrid city where the market takes over the future development. ... My own observation is that Beirut was never interested in its history. It's a city that was always taken by modernity," they said.
Still, they said Beirut is fast becoming saturated, a city often said to provide the smallest ratio of open spaces for its inhabitants in the world.
It is a transformation that those familiar with the city can barely keep up with.
When Salim Baalbaki arrived to Lebanon last year for the first time after more than 15 years spent working in Canada, they struggled to recognize where they grew up, a few steps from Beirut's seaside promenade and central district.
The tree-lined corniche where they took long walks during lulls in fighting during the 1975-90 civil war is now dotted with luxury apartment buildings that sell units for as much as $10,000 per square meter (square yard). The once bustling downtown area, razed to the ground and spectacularly rebuilt after the civil war, is seen as a beautiful yet sterile lot of polished boutiques and high-priced restaurants.
Tall buildings stick out at odd lengths and angles, wedged almost wall to wall between older buildings and sprouting out of alleys.
Worst of all for Baalbaki, the parking lot where they used to play soccer with friends next to their parent's apartment building has been replaced with a high rise that blocks the light from the apartment.
"Actually my depression started when I looked down from the airplane during landing and saw the jungle of cement below," Baalbaki said. "It is a disaster and it makes me sad for Lebanon."
Not everyone shares Baalbaki's gloom. Beirut's post-war reconstruction is seen by many as a model to be looked upon by countries in the region. Despite the chaos in neighboring Syria, and bouts of deadly spillover, construction barely has slowed down. The city is buzzing with the sounds of jackhammers and active cranes dot the skyline — a healthy sign amid turbulent times, some say.
The construction boom has been fueled in the past decade by rich expatriates and Gulf Arab investors who have driven prices up, encouraging Beirut property owners to sell.
Analysts say despite slowing local demand because of the war in Syria, high real estate prices in Lebanon have been sustained partly because of the scarcity of land. The increase in real estate demand by displaced Syrians somewhat compensated for reduced local demand, helping maintain real estate prices.
But while Lebanon's real estate sector has developed to become one of the country's success stories, many say it is coming at the expense of Lebanon's identity and heritage.
It has led to the destruction of hundreds of traditional Lebanese houses known for their stoned, arched headways, elaborate balconies and colorful windows and gardens. The houses, dating back French and Ottoman era, are mainly in Beirut and its peripheries, areas that were heavily damaged during Lebanon's civil war.
An initial census in the early 1990s counted 1600 traditional homes and buildings in the greater Beirut area. Today, an estimated 250 standing structures remain, said Naji Raji, an activist and spokesperson for Save Beirut Heritage.
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Gunmen fatally shot the mayor of Libya's third-largest city, Misrata, late on Sunday, ambushing their car inside the city, security officials said.
The North African oil producer has been in chaos since the 2011 uprising that unseated Muammar Gaddafi, but Misrata, Libya's biggest port, had been relative peaceful until now.
Gunmen chased the car of Mayor Mohamed Eshtewi after they left Misrata airport following their arrival on a plane from Turkey, a security official said, adding it was unclear who was behind it.
In October, a bomb exploded at the city's court, killing about four people and wounding 40 others in an attack claimed by Islamic state.
Misrata, almost 200 km (125 miles) east of Tripoli, is the gateway for food and other imports into Libya and the country's only tax-free zone. It is one of the few places still frequented by foreign business people fearing poor security elsewhere.
The International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) believes that there is an ethical obligation to responsibly share data generated by interventional clinical trials because participants have put themselves at risk. In a growing consensus, many funders around the world—foundations, government agencies, and industry—now mandate data sharing. Here we outline ICMJE's proposed requirements to help meet this obligation. We encourage feedback on the proposed requirements. Anyone can provide feedback at www.icmje.org by April 18, 2016.
The ICMJE defines a clinical trial as any research project that prospectively assigns people or a group of people to an intervention, with or without concurrent comparison or control groups, to study the cause-and-effect relationship between a health-related intervention and a health outcome. Further details may be found in the Recommendations for the Conduct, Reporting, Editing, and Publication of Scholarly Work in Medical Journals at www.icmje.org.
As a condition of consideration for publication of a clinical trial report in our member journals, the ICMJE proposes to require authors to share with others the deidentified individual-patient data (IPD) underlying the results presented in the article (including tables, figures, and appendices or supplementary material) no later than 6 months after publication. The data underlying the results are defined as the IPD required to reproduce the article's findings, including necessary metadata. This requirement will go into effect for clinical trials that begin to enroll participants beginning 1 year after the ICMJE adopts its data-sharing requirements. (The ICMJE plans to adopt data-sharing requirements after considering feedback received to the proposals made here.)
Enabling responsible data sharing is a major endeavor that will affect the fabric of how clinical trials are planned and conducted and how their data are used. By changing the requirements of the manuscripts we will consider for publication in our journals, editors can help foster this endeavor. As editors, our direct influence is logically, and practically, limited to those data underpinning the results and analyses we publish in our journals.
The ICMJE also proposes to require that authors include a plan for data sharing as a component of clinical trial registration. This plan must include where the researchers will house the data and, if not in a public repository, the mechanism by which they will provide others access to the data, as well as other data-sharing plan elements outlined in the 2015 Institute of Medicine report (eg, whether data will be freely available to anyone upon request or only after application to and approval by a learned intermediary, whether a data use agreement will be required).1ClinicalTrials.gov has added an element to its registration platform to collect data-sharing plans. We encourage other trial registries to similarly incorporate mechanisms for the registration of data-sharing plans. Trialists who want to publish in ICMJE member journals (or nonmember journals that choose to follow these recommendations) should choose a registry that includes a data-sharing plan element as a specified registry item or allows for its entry as a free-text statement in a miscellaneous registry field. As a condition of consideration for publication in our member journals, authors will be required to include a description of the data-sharing plan in the submitted manuscript. Authors may choose to share the deidentified IPD underlying the results presented in the article under less restrictive, but not more restrictive, conditions than were indicated in the registered data-sharing plan.
ICMJE already requires the prospective registration of all clinical trials prior to enrollment of the first participant. This requirement aims, in part, to prevent selective publication and selective reporting of research outcomes, and to prevent unnecessary duplication of research effort. Including a commitment to a data-sharing plan is a logical addition to trial registration that will further each of these goals. Prospective trial registration currently includes documenting the planned primary and major secondary end points to be assessed, which enables identification of incomplete reporting as well as post hoc analyses. Declaring the plan for sharing data prior to their collection will further enhance transparency in the conduct and reporting of clinical trials by exposing when data availability following trial completion differs from prior commitments.
Sharing clinical trial data, including deidentified IPD, requires planning to ensure appropriate ethics committee or institutional review board approval and the informed consent of study participants. Accordingly, we will defer these requirements for 1 year to allow investigators, trial sponsors, and regulatory bodies time to plan for their implementation.
Just as the confidentiality of trial participants must be protected (through the deidentification of IPD), and the needs of those reasonably requesting data met (through the provision of usable data), the reasonable rights of investigators and trial sponsors must also be protected. ICMJE proposes the following to safeguard these rights. First, ICMJE editors will not consider the deposition of data in a registry to constitute prior publication. Second, authors of secondary analyses using these shared data must attest that their use was in accordance with the terms (if any) agreed to upon their receipt. Third, they must reference the source of the data using a unique identifier of a clinical trial's data set to provide appropriate credit to those who generated it and allow searching for the studies it has supported. Fourth, authors of secondary analyses must explain completely how theirs differ from previous analyses. In addition, those who generate and then share clinical trial data sets deserve substantial credit for their efforts. Those using data collected by others should seek collaboration with those who collected the data. However, because collaboration will not always be possible, practical, or desired, an alternative means of providing appropriate credit needs to be developed and recognized in the academic community. We welcome ideas about how to provide such credit.
Data sharing is a shared responsibility. Editors of individual journals can help foster data sharing by changing the requirements of the manuscripts they will consider for publication in their journals. Funders and sponsors of clinical trials are in a position to support and ensure adherence to IPD sharing obligations. If journal editors become aware that IPD sharing obligations are not being met, they may choose to request additional information; to publish an expression of concern; to notify the sponsors, funders, or institutions; or in certain cases, to retract the publication.
In the rare situation in which compliance with these requirements is impossible, editors may consider authors' requests for exceptions. If an exception is made, the reason(s) must be explained in the publication.
Sharing data will increase confidence and trust in the conclusions drawn from clinical trials. It will enable the independent confirmation of results, an essential tenet of the scientific process. It will foster the development and testing of new hypotheses. Done well, sharing clinical trial data should also make progress more efficient by making the most of what may be learned from each trial and by avoiding unwarranted repetition. It will help to fulfill our moral obligation to study participants, and we believe it will benefit patients, investigators, sponsors, and society.
Feedback may be posted at www.icmje.org by April 18, 2016.
Editorials represent the opinions of the authors and JAMA and not those of the American Medical Association.
Back to top Article Information
Corresponding Author: Darren B. Taichman, MD, PhD, Annals of Internal Medicine (dtaichman@acponline.org).
Published Online: January 20, 2016. doi:10.1001/jama.2015.18164.
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: All authors have completed and submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest. Dr Peiperl reported receiving reimbursement from the World Health Organization for travel to the Consultation on Data and Results Sharing During Public Health Emergencies. No other disclosures were reported.
Note: This editorial is being published simultaneously in Annals of Internal Medicine, British Medical Journal, Canadian Medical Association Journal, Chinese Medical Journal, Deutsches Ärzteblatt (German Medical Journal), Ethiopian Journal of Health Sciences, JAMA, Nederlands Tijdschrift voor Geneeskunde (The Dutch Medical Journal), New England Journal of Medicine, New Zealand Medical Journal, PLOS Medicine, Revista Médica de Chile, The Lancet, and Ugeskrift for Laeger (Danish Medical Journal).
References
The Japanese broadcast schedule for Nobunaga no Shinobi ("Nobunaga's Ninja"), a slap-stick comedy set in the Sengoku Period, is now available online.
Nobunaga no Shinobi will broadcast according to the following schedule:
Tokyo MX: Every Tuesday during the 21:55 time slot beginning on October 04, 2016.
TV Aichi: Every Saturday during the 27:20 time slot beginning on October 08, 2016.
Please note that some Japanese broadcast schedules count early-morning programming as late-night programming of the previous day. I.e. the 27:20 time slot on Saturday is actually at 3:20 AM JST on Sunday morning.
Nobunaga no Shinobi is directed by Akitaro Daichi and features animation by TMS Entertainment. The original Nobunaga no Shinobi manga by Naoki Shigeno is serialized in Hakusensha's Young Animal seinen manga magazine. The story follows Chidori, a clumsy ninja girl, as they attempt to help the warlord Oda Nobunaga conquer and unify Japan during the Warring States Period.
Source: Ota-suke
Paul Chapman is the host of The Greatest Movie EVER! Podcast and GME! Anime Fun Time.
Via Paul Rosenberg of Free-Man's Perspective blog (via Jim Quinn's Burning Platform blog),
An increasing number of people have complained about governments and central banks in recent years, even using the word “tyranny” to describe them. They are, of course, called names in the establishment press: conspiracy theorists, mainly.
Calling someone a name, however, does not erase their argument (at least not among rational people) and both the governments and the big banks stand accused.
Up till now, however, these accusations were never accepted by the general public. The average guy really didn't want to hear about the evils of government money. After all, that was the only thing they had ever used to buy food, clothes, gasoline, cars, and so on. They didn't want to acknowledge the accusations because they feared what might happen to them without their usual money.
Now, however, we have a brand-new currency (called Bitcoin) available to us: something radically different. This gives us a new way to directly address the subject of monetary tyranny, providing a clear test for the governments and money masters of the world:
If they are truly NOT tyrannical, they will leave this new currency alone.
If they ARE tyrannical, they will attack the new currency because it eats into their scam.
In other words, Bitcoin is a test for “the powers that be.” The way they deal with this new method of exchange will reveal their true nature.
If they ignore Bitcoin, they refute the charges of tyranny. If they attack it, they verify those charges.
After all, what honest reason could there be to attack an inherently peaceful tool for transferring value?
Prospective Reasons
Reasons to attack Bitcoin have recently appeared in the “public square.” Here are the three most popular ones, each followed with some analysis:
It can be used for money laundering.
Of course it can be used for money laundering — ANY currency can be used for money laundering. Currencies are neutral — that is their purpose! Currencies are valuable precisely because they can be exchanged for anything else — that's why we use them!
Moreover, dollars and Euros and Pounds are used for money laundering every day. Consider the recent money laundering crimes of HSBC and Wachovia/Wells Fargo. These banks laundered hundreds of billions of dollars for violent drug cartels. And consider that this amount of laundered money is several hundred times the value of every Bitcoin in existence.
No one from either bank went to jail. Neither bank was shut down. Neither bank suffered more than a minor fine. So, how much of a concern can money laundering really be to governments and banks? Clearly not much.
But, since they accuse Bitcoin of being used for bad things, let's be clear about the situation:
Every mafioso uses government money.
Every drug smuggler uses government money.
Every terrorist uses government money.
Every pornographer uses government money.
Every criminal of every type uses government money.
They also use the telephone system and the mail and banks and a wide variety of government services. But government money is good and Bitcoin is bad?
The argument fails.
It could destabilize the current system.
A tiny, new currency is a threat to the long-established king of the hill? Comparing Bitcoin to dollars, Euros and Yen is like comparing an ant to a dinosaur. This is a threat?
Please understand also that no one is forcing anyone to use Bitcoin. If you don't think it's a great idea, you don't have to use it. If its price movements (relative to dollars) bother you, you don't have to use it. How is that destabilizing to the current system? It is entirely separate.
And what of the current system? It was falling apart on its own before the Bitcoin program was ever written. And I could go on at length on the insane levels of government debt, hundreds of trillions in derivatives, rehypothecation, and innocent people being forced to bail-out failed banks.
The current system has massive problems, but none of them can be blamed on Bitcoin.
This argument fails also.
Bitcoin provides no customer protection.
Well, no, it doesn't. Bitcoin is a currency, not a legal system.
What is implied by this argument is that the government banking system does protect customers. That is an outright lie. People are ripped-off via the banking system every day. And more than that, consider what happened just a month ago in Cyprus: Thousands of innocent people were ripped-off BY the banking system — purposely — all at once and without recourse. This argument is, really, an insult to one's intelligence.
And I should add something else: If Bitcoin is used properly, the crime of identity theft (a big problem with government money) vanishes – there is no identity available to be stolen.
So, again, the argument fails. Only those people who believe anything a government says will buy it.
In the End
In the end, it is said, we judge ourselves. Bitcoin has now put governments and banks in the position of judging themselves. They will write their own verdicts.
It should be interesting to watch.
DETROIT — John Tortorella delivered their post-game comments to the media, but it felt like their words were directed, at least in part, at Vancouver Canucks general manager Mike Gillis.
One game into their return as head coach following a 15-day suspension, Tortorella watched the Canucks lose again, this time 2-0 to the Detroit Red Wings at Joe Louis Arena.
After the game, Tortorella not so subtly hinted that changes need to be made and more than just the pre-game deal that sent winger Dale Weise to the Montreal Canadiens for defenceman Raphael Diaz.
“We need to change the complexion of our hockey club, either with our play or with different people because we looked like a slow hockey team tonight,” Tortorella said. “We are going to keep banging away to try and get better, but I tell you it is very frustrating to see the same looks. It worries me, I'll leave it that. It really worries me.”
Over to you, Mike Gillis.
The Canucks not only got their coach back Monday night, but their captain as well. Henrik Sedin returned after missing six games with a rib injury. But not even their return could spark the Canucks, who have now lost 13 of their last 17 games.
Even the normally optimistic Canuck captain was at a loss to explain the team's offensive struggles.
“We have to score goals, that is No. 1,” Sedin said. “You are not going to win games if you're not scoring goals. We have been scoring goals lately but we haven't had the defensive effort. Tonight it was the other way around. We played well enough defensively to win the game, but again the power play has to come through and we have to score another one five-on-five.”
The Canucks trailed 1-0 heading into the third period but generated absolutely nothing for most of the period. They didn't get their first shot until the 14:24 mark of the third on a long-range backhand by Daniel Sedin.
Tortorella was at a loss to explain their team's weak performance in the third.
“It was set up for us to push back and we didn't,” they said. “We didn't get enough big plays from big people right on through our lineup. We have to crawl out of this hole somehow. So we'll keep on working at it.”
It will be interesting to see how Gillis reacts to Tortorella's comments. Most GMs don't take kindly to being challenged publicly by their head coach. The problem Gillis faces is that 10 of the Canucks -- and they're pretty much most of the players who would yield something in a trade -- have no-trade clauses in their contracts. However, some of them are of the more limited variety where a player can deliver a list of teams they would accept being traded to.
The Canucks wasted another solid effort by goalie Eddie Lack, who must have felt a little like a Major League Baseball starter who tosses a one-hitter and loses 1-0. Lack, who has now dropped eight of their last nine starts, is getting very little goal support from their teammates.
Introduction to Events
See section 7A of the book. Events are supported by all JavaScript browsers except for Explorer 3 on Mac. Omniweb 4.2 and lower have meager event support.
Events are the beating heart of any JavaScript application. On this page I give an overview of what event handling is, what its problems are and how to write proper cross-browser scripts. I will also provide pages with the gory details of event handling.
Without events there are no scripts. Take a look at any web page with JavaScript in it: in nearly all cases there will be an event that triggers the script. The reason is very simple. JavaScript is meant to add interactivity to your pages: the user does something and the page reacts.
Therefore JavaScript needs a way of detecting user actions so that it knows when to react. It also needs to know which functions to execute, functions that do something that you, the web developer, have judged likely to increase the appeal of your pages. These pages describe the best way to write such scripts. It isn't easy, but it is very satisfying work.
When the user does something an event takes place. There are also some events that aren't directly caused by the user: the load event that fires when a page has been loaded, for instance.
JavaScript can detect some of these events. From Netscape 2 onwards it has been possible to attach an event handler to certain HTML elements — mostly links and form fields in the early days. The event handler waits until a certain event, for instance a click on a link, takes place. When it happens it handles the event by executing some JavaScript you have defined.
When the user takes action they cause an event. When your script makes the page react to this event, interactivity is born.
History of event handling
As I said, without event handling there is no point in adding JavaScript to your pages. The best scripts are those that react to something the user does. Therefore, when Netscape released its Version 2 browser which supported JavaScript, it also supported events.
Netscape model
Netscape 2 supported only a few events. Mouseover and mouseout quickly became famous because of the legendary mouseover effect that changed images onMouseOver and changed them back onMouseOut. It was also possible to see if the user submits or resets a form, so that client–side form validation became possible. The browser could also detect if a form field receives or loses the focus or if the page has finished loading or starts unloading. Although by present standards this is very basic behavior, at that time it was a revolutionary extension of the possibilities of Web pages. True interaction became possible because you could react to user actions.
In its most ancient form an event handler looks like this. When the user clicks on this link, the event handler is executed and the alert pops up.
<a href="somewhere.html" onclick="alert('I\'ve been clicked!')">
It is very important to realize that this ancient way of event handling was de facto standardized by Netscape. All other browsers, including Explorer, had to conform to the way Netscape 2 and 3 handled events if they wanted JavaScript to work. Therefore these ancient events and event handlers work in all JavaScript browsers.
Modern event models
However, since the introduction of these simple event handlers much has changed. First of all the number of events has increased. Also, the way of registering event handlers to HTML elements was changed. They can now be set entirely through JavaScript. No more need for huge numbers of event handlers cluttering up your code, now you could write a simple script that sets all event handlers for you.
The Version 4 browsers also provided more information about the event itself. Where was the mouse when the event happened? Was any key pressed? Finally, browser vendors had to decide what happened when an element and its parent element both had a handler for the same event. Which event fires first?
Since this functionality was added at the height of the Browser Wars, Netscape and Microsoft made a distinct point of creating totally incompatible event models. More recently a third model has appeared on the scene when W3C published its DOM Event specification. Despite one serious flaw, W3C's model, which is loosely based on the old Netscape model but much more generalized and versatile, is an excellent piece of work, adding lots of new interesting functionalities and solving a lot of problems of older event models.
Of course the existence of three models means that event handling doesn't work the same way in all browsers.
Browser compatibility problems
There we go again. As with DHTML, the W3C DOM or other advanced scripting techniques, we have to take care to execute specific bits of code only in those browsers that understand them. Calling stopPropagation() in Explorer or srcElement in Netscape would give horrid errors and would ensure our script's uselessness. Therefore we must first check if the browser supports the methods or properties we want to use.
But a simple code branch like
if (Netscape) { use Netscape model } else if (Explorer) { use Microsoft model }
is only a first approximation of a solution since it leaves out the minor browsers. The most recent ones can handle a fair amount of modern event handling, unless your script in its infinite wisdom decides that the minor browsers should not be allowed to even try to run the code because they are not Netscape or Explorer.
All minor browsers have had the unenviable task of deciding which event model to support. Konqueror/Safari, as always, has opted for strict standard compliance and supports the W3C model. Opera and iCab have been more cautious and support the larger part of both the old Netscape model and the Microsoft model. I haven't yet studied the minor minor browsers.
But a minor minor browser might support the Microsoft way of accessing an event, while the actual event properties are a mix of the W3C and the old Netscape model. This should be no problem, after all the browser follows well known patterns in its own way. Your scripts should be ready for it.
Don't use that browser detect
First of all never EVER use a browser detect. This is the fastest way to hell. Any script that uses navigator.userAgent for event model detection is worse than useless and should be laughingly dismissed.
Secondly, don't confuse DHTML object detection with event object detection. When writing DHTML we commonly check for DOM support by asking, for instance, if (document.all) is supported. If so, a script using the Microsoft all containers can safely be executed.
But DHTML and event handling have different browser compatibility patterns. For instance, Opera 6 supports parts of the W3C DOM but not the W3C event model. Therefore DHTML object checking would execute the wrong event code branch in Opera. So scripts using if (document.layers) and such for event model detection are also incorrect.
The right questions
Then what are we to do? The names of the event properties cause the worst problems. If we use a lot of specific object detections in this area, we solve 99% of the browser incompatibilities. Only finding the mouse position, is very hard, accessing other bits of information is simpler.
Furthermore, it is better not to think about three overall event models at all. Instead, we have to understand four event registration models, two event accessing models and two event orders.
See also the quick event compatibility tables for a broad overview of event handling and browser compatibility.
Now this sounds terribly complicated but it isn't. In fact, when I discovered this I began to truly understand event handling. It's all about asking the right questions. Don't ask “How should I write an event handling script?” Though this is a correct question, it is very hard to answer — it's going to take me eleven long pages. Instead, you should ask more specific questions that have specific answers:
“Which events are there?”
Lots. Of course some events don't work in some browsers.
Lots. Of course some events don't work in some browsers. “How do I register event handlers to an HTML element?”
There are four ways of doing this: inline, traditional, W3C and Microsoft. The first way works in all JavaScript browsers. No problems here.
There are four ways of doing this: inline, traditional, W3C and Microsoft. The first way works in all JavaScript browsers. No problems here. “How do I prevent the default action of the event?”
If you return false from the event handling script, the default action (following the link, submitting the form) is prevented. This technique was standardized by Netscape 2 and still works fine.
If you from the event handling script, the default action (following the link, submitting the form) is prevented. This technique was standardized by Netscape 2 and still works fine. “How do I access the event when I want to obtain more information?”
There are two ways of doing this: W3C/Netscape and Microsoft. To solve this compatibility problem you need one line of code.
There are two ways of doing this: W3C/Netscape and Microsoft. To solve this compatibility problem you need one line of code. “Once I have succesfully accessed the event, how do I read out its properties?”
There are compatibility problems here, all right, as explained on the Event properties page. You need a good event property compatibility table and some strict object detection.
There are compatibility problems here, all right, as explained on the Event properties page. You need a good event property compatibility table and some strict object detection. “If an element and one of its ancestors have an event handler for the same event, which one should fire first?” — well, I doubt that you'd ever ask this question.
But the various models nonetheless give answers. There are two event orders, event capturing and event bubbling. In daily practice they are not important, except in some rare instances, and your main worry is how to turn them off. This takes two lines of code.
All questions above will be treated on separate pages that give background information and the nuts and bolts of event handling.
The trick of writing cross–browser event handling scripts is not to use an overall event model check but to answer all these questions separately. You'll find that you need to worry about browser compatibility mainly when reading out event properties.
First choose an event registration model, then make sure the event is accessed by all browsers, then read out the correct properties and then solve event order problems — if any occur. Thus you can solve each compatibility problem separately and ensure your code runs in all browsers that support advanced event handling.
Continue
If you wish to go through all event pages in order, you should now continue with the events page.
Writing an event handling script
So how do you write an event handling script? On this page I give a quick overview for those who need fast answers and want to study the theory later.
Registering an event handler
The first step is registering your event handler. You have to make sure that the browser executes your script whenever the event you've chosen takes place.
There are four models for registering event handlers. inline, traditional, W3C and Microsoft.
It's best to use the traditional model, since it is completely cross–browser compatible and gives much freedom and versatility. To register an event handler, do
element.onclick = doSomething; if (element.captureEvents) element.captureEvents(Event.CLICK);
Now the function doSomething() is registered as the handler of the click event of HTML element element . This means that whenever the user clicks on the element, doSomething() is executed.
Accessing the event
When you've registered your event handler you start writing the actual script. Usually you want to access the event itself, so you can read out information about the event.
To access the event so that you can read out its properties, always start your event handling function thus:
function doSomething(e) { if (!e) var e = window.event // e refers to the event }
Now e refers to the event in all browsers and you can access the event.
Accessing the HTML element
Sometimes you also want to access the HTML element the event took place on. There are two ways for doing this: using the keyword or using the target/srcElement properties.
The safest way to access the HTML element is by using the keyword. this doesn't always refer to the correct HTML element, but in combination with the traditional model it works fine.
function doSomething(e) { if (!e) var e = window.event // e refers to the event // this refers to the HTML element which currently handles the event // target/srcElement refer to the HTML element the event originally took place on }
The target/srcElement properties contain a reference to the HTML element the event originally took place on. Very useful, but when the event is captured or bubbles up the target/srcElement doesn't change: it's still the element the event originally took place on. (See the Event properties page for target/srcElement , see the page for the keyword)
Reading out properties
As to reading out interesting event properties, this is the area with the worst browser incompatibilities. Study the event compatibility tables and write your own script to read out the information you need.
Be sure to always use the most detailed object detection possible. First check if each property exists, then read out its value. For instance:
function doSomething(e) { if (!e) var e = window.event if (e.keyCode) code = e.keyCode; else if (e.which) code = e.which; }
Now code contains the pressed key in all browsers.
Event order
Finally, you have to decide whether you want the events to bubble up. If you don't want that to happen, stop the propagation of the event.
function doSomething(e) { if (!e) var e = window.event // handle event e.cancelBubble = true; if (e.stopPropagation) e.stopPropagation(); }
Writing the script
Now you can start actually writing the event handling script. Use the information the previous snippets of code give you to decide what actually happened when the event took place and how your script should react to it. Remember: keep the interaction logical or your users won't understand what's happening.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un with other officials. Reuters / KCNA
After North Korea's latest missile test late last month, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called on all nations to clamp down on the rogue nation and reasserted the US's "right to interdict maritime traffic" coming into and out of North Korea.
The threat riled Pyongyang, which has threatened war if its ships are blocked.
"Should the United States and its followers try to enforce the naval blockade against our country, we will see it as an act of war and respond with merciless self-defensive counter-measures as we have warned repeatedly," North Korean media said, adding that it would be a "big step" toward nuclear war.
But North Korea consistently refers to the US's actions as "acts" or "declarations" of war, usually following with threats of war.
After North Korea's nuclear test in September, the US sought the UN Security Council's consent to interdict traffic, though that language wasn't included in the resolution it passed unanimously.
While North Korea's rhetoric tends to be vitriolic, naval blockades are typically considered an act of war because they usually require violence to enforce.
And there is precedent for such practices leading to war in the Pacific. In 1941, a US oil embargo on Japan was a prelude to the devastating attack on Pearl Harbor that dragged the US into World War II.
Having a new Volvo XC40 will be as hassle free as having a mobile phone
Volvo Cars, the premium carmaker, is inventing a new model of car access with the launch of the new Volvo XC40 and the new ‘Care by Volvo' subscription service. This will make having a car as transparent, easy and hassle free as having a phone: a national, ready-negotiated monthly fee, combined with getting a new car every 24 months.
After ordering online, Care by Volvo customers will be able to drive away in a new Volvo without having to worry about the traditional extras such as down payments, insurances, taxes, service fees and geographical or customer age related differences.
Furthermore, Care by Volvo will, depending on regional availability, offer a range of digital concierge services, such as fuelling, cleaning, service pick-up and e-commerce delivery to the car.
XC40 drivers will also be the first Volvo customers who can share their car with friends and family with a new digital key technology. This sharing feature comes as standard for Care by Volvo customers.
Håkan Samuelsson, President and CEO, said: “With Care by Volvo, we introduce a new car access for the modern age. In a time where consumers are used to transparent flat-fees for all sort of services, the traditional process of buying and owning a car can be perceived rather complicated. Care by Volvo changes all of that.”
The new XC40, launched this week in Milan, will be the first model on which Care by Volvo is offered. Other Volvo models will be included over time, as will new digital concierge services.
Care by Volvo is a concept that will develop and expand over time. The central focus is on offering customers convenient access to the sense of freedom a car is meant to deliver.
“Our aim with Care by Volvo is to provide our customers with a transparent, premium car user experience. With a fixed monthly payment, Volvo Cars provides a truly customer-focused alternative to the traditional purchase or leasing. Time is a luxury for our customers, and with this service we are able to free up time in their daily lives. This is simply making life easier for our customers,” said Thomas Andersson, Vice President Care by Volvo at Volvo Cars.
Earlier this month, Volvo announced the acquisition of the technology platform and key staff of Luxe, a US-based premium valet and concierge service company. The acquisition is another example of Volvo´s ongoing development in the area of digital consumer experiences.
Care by Volvo is first available for buyers of the new Volvo XC40 in the following markets: Sweden, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Italy, Norway, Poland and the United States. Other markets will follow at a later stage.
Note to editors – Premium subscription versus leasing
Care by Volvo is a new premium subscription service and differs from existing lease offers in a number of important ways.
Care by Volvo offers a convenient package of services allowing customers to enjoy their car whilst Volvo Cars handles everything else.
Private leasing is an entry level offer without any additional services included in the price, while even full service leasing covers only parts of the services available in Care by Volvo. For example, none of the digital services to be offered via Care by Volvo are currently part of leasing packages.
Care by Volvo will also encompass flexibility and customers will be allowed to switch cars temporarily depending on their needs.
Care by Volvo also removes the practice of price negotiations. Customer research shows that this is one of the elements of the car-buying process that customers dislike the most.
Care by Volvo has no customer age or geographical price differences.
Care by Volvo has national standard prices as well as a unified price in Eurozone countries.
-------------------------------
Volvo Car Group in 2016
For the 2016 financial year, Volvo Car Group recorded an operating profit of 11,014 MSEK (6,620 MSEK in 2015). Revenue over the period amounted to 180,672 MSEK (164,043 MSEK). For the full year 2016, global sales reached a record 534,332 cars, an increase of 6.2 per cent versus 2015. The record sales and operating profit cleared the way for Volvo Car Group to continue investing in its global transformation plan.
About Volvo Car Group
Volvo has been in operation since 1927. Today, Volvo Cars is one of the most well-known and respected car brands in the world with sales of 534,332 cars in 2016 in about 100 countries. Volvo Cars has been under the ownership of the Zhejiang Geely Holding (Geely Holding) of China since 2010. It formed part of the Swedish Volvo Group until 1999, when the company was bought by Ford Motor Company of the US. In 2010, Volvo Cars was acquired by Geely Holding.
As of December 2016, Volvo Cars had over 31,000 employees worldwide. Volvo Cars head office, product development, marketing and administration functions are mainly located in Gothenburg, Sweden. Volvo Cars head office for China is located in Shanghai. The company's main car production plants are located in Gothenburg (Sweden), Ghent (Belgium), Chengdu and Daqing (China), while engines are manufactured in Skövde (Sweden) and Zhangjiakou (China) and body components in Olofström (Sweden).
On Thursday, President Obama announced that they were scrapping the long-standing policy by which Cuban migrants arriving at U.S. borders were granted automatic access to the country, and eventual permanent-resident status. The measure, which had immediate effect, was in keeping with a dramatic series of executive actions that Obama has taken to solidify as many of their policies as possible, or to at least hinder their reversal by Donald Trump. The end of open-door entry to the United States for Cubans, called “wet foot, dry foot,” is intended both as a buttress to Obama's historic rapprochement with Cuba—which Trump has recently threatened to tear up—and as a brake on the surge of Cubans flooding into the United States since a restoration of diplomatic relations was announced, in December, 2014.
Last year, around fifty thousand Cubans entered the United States, a significant increase over the 2015 numbers, which, in turn, rose by eighty per cent over the year before. The numbers were driven up by anticipation of a change in the law. Bill Clinton had pushed “wet foot, dry foot” through after the “rafters crisis” of the nineteen-nineties saw a chaotic exodus of Cubans, a number of whom drowned during the crossing. Under the policy they introduced, those Cubans apprehended by the U.S. Coast Guard at sea would be deported back to Cuba, but the U.S. would accept those who made it to American shores.
From the moment Cuba's leader, Raúl Castro, and Obama announced their breakthrough, a majority of Cubans deduced that if normalization was under way, the Cuban favoritism of “wet foot, dry foot” would also end, and they were right. The policy had become a major source of grievance for the Cuban government because it stimulated emigration, compounding the brain-drain problem poor countries like Cuba have always had. (On Thursday, Obama also shelved a special program offering fast-track U.S. residency to Cuban medical professionals.) Critics of Obama's Cuba opening slammed their latest move; Senator Bob Menendez, of New Jersey, a Cuban-American, said that it would “only serve to tighten the noose the Cuban regime has around the necks of its own people.” But Obama's foreign-policy adviser and personal Cuba overseer, Ben Rhodes, defended the move, arguing that most of the Cubans arriving were not political refugees as in years past but economic migrants, and that the U.S. recognized that Cuba's future progress depended upon it retaining “a young, dynamic population.”
The end of the open door to Cubans should also help curtail a gruesome people-trafficking network that, over the past two years, has bled tens of thousands of Cubans of what little money they have in order to make it to the United States. Many of the migrants have sold their homes to obtain the cash to pay the traffickers who smuggle them through different countries before they reach the United States. One of the networks funnels people through a Mafia-controlled section of Colombia on an arduous and dangerous trek, sometimes lasting as much as three weeks, through the Darién jungle into Panama. Numerous Cubans, as well as other nationalities, have been robbed, raped, and killed along the way. In Mexico, an unavoidable part of any overland journey to the U.S. border from the south, Cubans fall prey to traffickers linked to the violent drug gangs there, at times with corrupt police involvement.
And, of course, there are still Cubans, too poor to pay for traffickers, who take to the sea in rickety rafts and boats and try to make it to Key West or Miami. An estimated seventy-four hundred have done so in the past year; five Cubans drowned on the very day Obama arrived for their historic visit to Havana, last March. Without “wet foot, dry foot,” indeed, the traumatic custody battle over Elián González—the six-year-old boy who survived one such journey after their mother and ten others drowned when their boat capsized, in 1999—might never have happened.
Over time, many Cubans have made such harrowing journeys. During the nineties, when times were very tough on the island, two of my Cuban friends took to the sea. One of them, a doctor, made their way on a windsurfer. They were fortunate and reached dry land on Key West after nineteen hours alone at sea, with only a plastic litre bottle of water to sustain him. Later, they told me that they had been circled for some time by a large shark, but they had kept their nerve, and their balance, and kept going, and eventually the shark had gone away. Another friend left on a makeshift raft, with other people, and was eventually retrieved at sea by the U.S. Coast Guard. This was during the rafters crisis, and they had ended up in a tent camp at the U.S. Navy base in Guantánamo along with thousands of others Cubans until the Clinton Administration struck an agreement with the Castro regime, which allowed them to immigrate to the United States. A couple of years later, in Miami, that friend told me that they had passed the wreckage of several other rafts that had broken up, and human bodies floating in the water.
In those years, when laws prevented most Cubans from leaving the island for America legally, and the atmosphere was more repressive, the U.S. immigration policy toward Cuba was tailored accordingly. But after Raúl Castro assumed office and their brother Fidel stepped down, in 2008, things have eased up considerably, with the lifting of travel prohibitions for Cubans as well as the previous bans on buying and selling properties and earning a living in small businesses. More than half a million Cubans, called cuentapropistas, now earn their living independently of the state in these small-scale private enterprises, from family-run inns and cafés to private taxis. In Obama's overtures to the island, emphasis has also been given to this burgeoning sector of the economy. By legalizing and encouraging American investment, lifting the caps on financial remittances, as well as facilitating American travel, there has been a massive growth in the flow of people and money between the U.S. and Cuba. Life, for many Cubans, while still in many ways profoundly constrained, is better than it used to be. Where once the Cubans in Miami and Havana looked at each other across an unbridgeable gulf, the two communities are increasingly fused, with Cuban-American money being invested in many of the small-business ventures on the island. Last year, an estimated two hundred and eighty-four thousand Americans travelled to the island—seventy-four per cent more than in 2015. Since last summer, a number of U.S airlines, including American and JetBlue, have begun flying regular daily scheduled flights between cities in both countries.
All of this activity, of course, was nurtured by Obama's opening with Raúl Castro. Since the U.S. election, however, the proponents of the new policy have been anxious over some of the Trump team's transition appointees, who include a pro-embargo advocate as well as others known for hard-line conservative views. When Fidel died, in late November, moreover, Trump tweeted that unless Raúl Castro's government made concessions in the area of religious and political freedoms, there would be “no deal” with the U.S. A senior Obama official told me late last month that there was still doubt over Trump's true intentions and mentioned that when Trump met Obama in the Oval Office, after their electoral win, they had indicated some approval of the Cuba opening. The official noted that such a remark seemed consistent with Trump's reputation as a business person. “It sure isn't democracy he's concerned about,” they observed. “Part of Trump's brain is hotels, and part is regime change. So, on Cuba, which part of it is it going to be?”
Socialist genius Bernie Sanders has figured out what's really ailing America.
Our store shelves have too many different brands of deodorant and sneakers. Just look at all those horrible, fully stocked aisles at Target and Walgreens and Walmart and Payless and DSW and Dick's Sporting Goods. It's a national nightmare! If only consumers had fewer choices in the free market, fewer entrepreneurs offering a wide variety of products, and fewer workers manufacturing goods that people wanted, Sanders believes, we could end childhood hunger.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nobody parodies the far Left better than far-leftists themselves.
In an interview with financial journalist John Harwood on Tuesday, Sanders detailed their grievances with an overabundance of antiperspirants and footwear. “You don't necessarily need a choice of 23 underarm spray deodorants or of 18 different pairs of sneakers when children are hungry in this country. I don't think the media appreciates the kind of stress that ordinary Americans are working on.”
RELATED: Bernie Sanders, the Anti-Hillary
Advertisement
Try to suppress a snicker: Sanders, Decider of Your Sanitary and Footwear Needs, is casting themselves as the Everyman in touch with “ordinary Americans” to contrast their campaign with Hillary “my Beltway lobbyist and foreign-agent operator Sid Blumenthal is just a friend I talk to for advice” Clinton.
Blech. By the looks of the 2016 Democratic presidential field, liberals really do practice the anti-choice principles they preach.
Advertisement
At Caracas–on–the–Green Mountains, every business owner's success robs starving babies of vital nutrition. Because some tummies may be grumbling somewhere across the fruited plain, all must suffer. In Sanders's world, it's the “greedy”– America's real makers, builders, and wealth creators — who must be punished and shamed, specifically with a personal-income-tax-rate hiked to a whopping 90 percent for top earners.
RELATED: Debating Economics in the 2016 Election
Of course, the wealth redistributors in Washington never bear any of the blame for misspending the billions they confiscate. Nearly 100 million Americans participated in dozens of federal food-assistance programs in 2014. The General Accounting Office reported last year that $74.6 billion went to food stamps, $11.3 billion went to the national school-lunch program, and $7.1 billion went to the WIC (Women, Infants, and Children) program, along with $1.9 billion for nutrition assistance for Puerto Rico and $10.7 million for a federal milk program.
But no, it's not the fault of command-and-control bureaucrats and their overseers on Capitol Hill that the War on Poverty and the War on Hunger have failed.
In Sanders's bubble, childhood hunger is the fault of selfish consumers, self-serving entrepreneurs, and rapacious retailers who engage in voluntary transactions in a free-market economy.
In Sanders's bubble, childhood hunger is the fault of selfish consumers, self-serving entrepreneurs, and rapacious retailers who engage in voluntary transactions in a free-market economy. Just as Sanders believes there are “too many” products on the shelves, President Obama recently opined that families of America's top earners in the financial industry “pretty much have more than you'll ever be able to use and your family will ever be able to use.”
Advertisement
We need not speculate about whether the wealth-shamers' recipe of less capitalist consumption, fewer private businesses, stifling of entrepreneurship, and more government control over goods and services would result in happier citizens and fuller stomachs. In Venezuela, the shelves are unburdened by “too many” deodorants and shoes and too much soap, milk, or coffee. Food distribution is under military control. The currency of the socialist paradise just collapsed on the black market by 30 percent.
Advertisement
Here in America, dozens of private household-goods companies make billions of dollars selling scented, unscented, quilted, two-ply, white, and colored toilet paper that people want and need. In Sanders's utopia in South America, the government imposed price controls in the name of redistributing basic goods to the poor and seized a toilet-paper factory to cure the inevitable shortages. The lines are long. The shelves are empty. The daily battle for subsistence is brutal.
Take it from those who suffer most under the unbridled fulfillment of “you didn't build that” and “you don't need that” radicalism: It stinks.
— Michelle Malkin is author of the new book Who Built That: Awe-Inspiring Stories of American Tinkerpreneurs. Them e-mail address is malkinblog@gmail.com. Copyright © 2015 Creators.com
Advertisement
CORRECTION: This column originally was illustrated by a photo that was erroneously identified as empty store shelves in Venezuela. We apologize for the error.
Way back in 2009, the Saints drafted a punter out of SMU with the 164th pick in the 5th Round. The 6-foot-4, 235 pound native of Houston, Texas had no idea that they were about to play for the future Super Bowl Champions.
Thomas Morstead's legend began on the greatest of stages. In Super Bowl XLIV, the Saints offense got off to a slow start. Trailing Peyton Manning's Colts 10-6, the Saints' place kicker Garrett Hartley had boomed two 40 plus yard field goals to keep the game close going into halftime.
As the English band The Who jumped into the epic song "Teenage Wasteland" during the halftime show, head coach Sean Payton uttered one phrase, "Ambush." Only then did Morstead know for sure if they were actually going to attempt the on-side kick special teams coaches Greg McMahon and Mike Mallory had installed during the week of practice leading up to the big game. While Manning carved up the Saints secondary during the first half, coach Payton knew it was time to bring out the big guns and try to take away a possession from the Colts' churning offense.
Morstead recognized the gravity of the situation as the Saints were desperate to slow the Colts' roll. "I wasn't worried. I was terrified," the punter conceded. The rookie understood that this play with an approximately 68% chance of success could be the difference in a tight game. Displaying not one ounce of hesitation or doubt, Morstead proceeded to execute a near-perfect on-side kick that was finally recovered by Saints safety Chris Reis. The rest, as they say, is history.
But looking at Morstead's career over the last seven years, it's easy to see that much like a fine wine, the punter and kickoff specialist has only gotten better while remaining one of the most consistent kickers in the NFL. Recently, Patriots head coach Bill Belichik gushed over Morstead's performance after joint practices with the Saints had concluded. "Watching [Thomas] Morstead last week, you're not going to see it any better than that if you put the ball in the jugs machine. It's a clinic. It's all been good. It's all been good."
Now that's high praise coming from arguably the most respected head coach in the league. What Belichik noticed along with many Saints fans is that Morstead is the picture of consistency. During their seven NFL seasons, #6 has finished in the top ten of all punters in gross punting average, net punting average, and number of touchbacks.
In 2011, Morstead finished 2nd in the NFC and 4th in the NFL in gross punting average and 2nd in both the conference and league in net punting average while setting a record with 68 touchbacks on kickoffs. During the Bountygate suspension season of 2012, Morstead finished 1st in the NFC and 2nd in the NFL in gross punting average and 2nd in both conference and league in net punting average. That year, they also made the Pro Bowl. In 2014, Morstead repeated that same amazing performance by again finishing 1st in the NFC and 2nd in the NFL in net punting average.
Throughout their career, Morstead's stats have been so consistent across the board that I found myself double-checking the rankings to make sure I wasn't making a mistake. While doing so, another stat jumped off the page. Morstead has appeared in all 16 games of every season with the exception of last year when they appeared in 14. Special teams are often taken for granted and their perpetual availability has allowed the Saints to worry about many other aspects of the game during their tenure.
They have been so steady, in fact, that Morstead is now tied for all time franchise starts for a punter. They were also only the 3rd Saint ever to record over 400 punts in their career. Even after recording 410 punts, Morstead's booming kicks have only been blocked once (2011) and returned for a TD once (2009). In addition, they were only the 2nd Saints player to be named NFC Special Teams Player of the Week twice, both occurring during their rookie year.
Perhaps, these stats are the least important factors in Morstead's growing legend. In the meantime, they and their wife Lauren have become true flight attendants for the city of New Orleans by founding the What You Give Will Grow Foundation. Focusing on the fight against childhood cancer, the foundation partners with several other entities including Children's Hospital, Triumph Over Kid Cancer, St. Baldrick's Foundation, and OncoLogics.
"The mission of What You Give Will Grow is to improve the lives of those in need through support of local causes and organizations in the New Orleans and Gulf South communities, with a strong focus on children's charities and cancer initiatives . Through What You Give Will Grow's efforts in the community, we hope to inspire others to join us in spreading a spirit of giving."
All the amazing philanthropic work Morstead has tackled since entering the league was why they were chosen in 2014 as the Saints nominee for the Walter Payton Man of the Year Award. 100% of the profits from their clothing line Sprout 6 go straight back into the community and they also paired with Tipitina's Foundation to donate 24 instruments to the music program at James M. Singleton Charter School.
Morstead has given New Orleans much more than a steady presence on special teams. Clearly, the legend is still growing…
A surprise political move by Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe, who fired their deputy Emmerson Mnangagwa, has played havoc on the US dollar/bond note parallel exchange rate, as well as on Bitcoin price in the country.
Bitcoin was already trading at a highly inflated rate in the troubled African country as its demand skyrocketed as a potential alternative to the dregs of a currency that Zimbabwe has left. However, that inflation has hit almost 100 percent as it trades about $13,000 per coin.
Trading on uncertainty
Unsurprisingly, with this latest political coup by the entrenched president, there is much speculation and worry about the already fragile and almost non-existent fiat currency system. Zimbabwe operates on bond notes linked to the US dollar.
Traders have been trying to move out of monetary assets as even on the dollar there is a 62 percent premium. It has meant that investors are trapped by the currency shortages, seeking an alternative to exit the country - such as Bitcoin.
Despite hitting a price of over $13,000 traders say that Bitcoin is booming as it is the strongest alternative.
Collapse of banking
Zimbabwe is beginning to act like an interesting case study for what happens when a country begins to collapse around its monetary system - it is also being witnessed in Venezuela.
Moving money out of Zimbabwe is starting to become impossible, and as people try and flee monetarily out of the crumbling state, they are finding refuge in Bitcoin.
Soon, banks in Zimbabwe have stated that Visa debit cards would no longer be usable for international payments without prior arrangements and pre-funding with hard currency.
“You will be required to make prior limit arrangements with the bank,” Stanbic said in a message to depositors last week. Econet Wireless has also stopped foreign payments on its MasterCard linked EcoCash mobile money debit card.
Bitcoin as a refuge
Because of the decentralized nature of Bitcoin, there is no impact on it from this political upheaval, in fact, it is only benefiting from it. The Bitcoin premium of almost 100 percent is not because of the political issues, rather the high demand surrounding worry of collapse.
Bitcoin again shows its potential and power when the banking system again shows its potential for mass collapse and hysteria.
Faced with the universal human belief in an afterlife they look away.
Faced with the possibility that there might just be a final judgement in which they will have to give account of himself, they deny heartily that such a thing will happen.
“There is no God. There is no heaven. There is no hell. When you die you simply cease to exist.”
Now this sounds like some very serious wishful thinking because if their wish comes true then they can live as they wish and never has to pay the cab fare. They get a free ride.
It is the atheist, therefore who really thinks there will be pie in the sky when they die, but their version of pie in the sky is a happy oblivion. It is simply going to sleep and not waking up.
Is it not in fact, simply their version of the “rest eternal” they blame Christians for wishing for?
The possibility of a hell of eternal torment is certainly a frightening prospect. Considering that practically every culture and religion across the world and down the ages have believed in the underworld and the possibility of going there, isn't the atheist's thinking not only wishful, but dangerously wishful?
The atheist portrays themselves as a rational, common sense, scientific, careful and sensible sort of fellow, but given the possibility that there just might be a heaven, hell and judgement, isn't it the believer who is, in fact, the sensible fellow?
They may be engaged in wishful thinking, or then they may simply be playing their cards right and placing their money (and their life) on a common sense bet.
Minnesota budget officials quietly paid a $537,000 penalty to the Internal Revenue Service in September of last year, after the board that handles state investments accidentally purchased the state's own debt and then resold it.
Under federal tax rules, the state is prohibited from buying its own bonds, which generally is low-interest debt sold to investors to pay for roads, bridges and state buildings. The two violations occurred in 2010 and 2011, disqualifying the state from its tax-exempt status on nearly $16 million in bonds that the State Board of Investment accidentally bought.
Budget officials noticed the transactions in 2012 and reported them to federal tax authorities. The penalty was the result of a settlement, finalized in September of last year.
"I'm not happy about it," said Minnesota Management and Budget Commissioner Myron Frans, who took the helm of the agency in January 2015. "I'm not happy that it happened, and I'll do everything I can to make sure it won't happen again."
After the discovery of the improper bond purchases, the state enacted new procedures to avoid similar violations in the future, satisfying the IRS, said a spokesperson for the state budget office.
State and local governments must follow myriad complex rules to ensure that their bonds qualify for tax-free status, which can be a big advantage for investors and governments selling the debt. "It's very important you follow those so you get the benefit of reduced interest," Frans said.
The infractions occurred during the tenure of former investment board director Howard Bicker, who retired in 2013 after 32 years in that job. A phone message left for them Monday was not immediately returned.
The investment board's new executive director, Mansco Perry III, said that staff members have now been instructed on the new compliance guidelines.
"I'm certain the bonds would not have been purchased" under the new procedures, Perry said in an interview.
Perry, who became executive director in late 2013, said the amount of bonds in question is a tiny fraction of the board's investment portfolio, which includes about $10 billion in bonds. The state investment board is responsible for managing various pensions and trust funds, overseeing nearly $77 billion in assets for the state.
Nonetheless, "it's something we take very seriously, and we endeavor with the resources we have to do the best we can," Perry said. "Fortunately, these things don't happen very much."
The final settlement amount could have been larger, according to an IRS spokesperson. The spokesperson said federal law prohibited the agency from commenting on specific cases, including Minnesota's.
An IRS policy says penalties are generally lower for organizations that report the problems before they are discovered by a federal audit or review.
Legislators caught by surprise
Legislative leaders say they were not told about the bond buying slip-up or the penalty, which first appeared deep in a budget spreadsheet released earlier in December. A review of the investment board's meeting minutes for the last few years found no mention of the improper investments or the IRS settlement.
House Capital Investment chairperson Paul Torkelson, R-Hanska, said the fine should have been disclosed to legislators sooner.
"These are public dollars, and as citizens of Minnesota, we deserve to know when these public dollars are being spent on IRS fines instead of important issues," Torkelson said. They added that although the transactions appeared to be inadvertent, state budget officials should have been more forthcoming.
"If you accidentally break your mother's best china, you don't hide it in the closet," they said.
Janelle Tummel, a budget office spokesperson, said there was nothing secretive about the fine.
"The payment is reflected in budget forecast documents provided to the media, posted online, and publicly available," they said. "We are providing additional materials to legislators, and will provide any additional information requested."
Senate Finance Committee chairperson Dick Cohen, DFL-St. Paul, said Monday that he, too, was surprised to learn of the settlement.
"I did not catch that," Cohen said. "Usually, I try to stay on top of it."
Cohen declined to comment further without first learning more details about the bond purchases.
House Taxes Committee Chairman Greg Davids, R-Preston, said the state should already have had procedures in place to avoid the infractions.
"Not knowing the law is not an excuse," Davids said. "You can have an 'oops' when it's 10 bucks, but when it's a half-million dollar, that's a pretty big 'oops.' "
Upcoming bonding bill
Torkelson and other legislators are expected to assemble a hefty bill to fund capital improvement projects around the state, money for colleges, universities and local municipalities.
Torkelson said that while the amount of the IRS fine is a negligible slice out of the state's $42 billion budget, every dollar counts. "This means we'll have a little less available," they said.
Yoo Seon Ho is off to Greece!
On December 6, tvN confirmed, “Yoo Seon Ho is joining ‘Leaving the Nest 2' as a member of the second trip.”
“Leaving the Nest 2” is a variety program featuring young celebrities and the children of famous figure, all around middle school age, going on a trip to a foreign country together without their parents. The first trip of the season to Poland, starring Samuel, Ahn Seo Hyun, Park Hae Mi‘s son Hwang Sung Jae, Sun Woo Jae Duk‘s twin sons Sun Woo Jin and Sun Woo Chan, and lawyer Yang So Young's daughter Lee Si Hun, began airing on December 5.
Yoo Seon Ho and the other members of the second trip will be traveling to Greece.
“Leaving the Nest 2” airs every Tuesday at 8:10 p.m. KST.
Source (1)
Top Photo Credit: Xportsnews
On June 28, 2016, The Fifty-Year Mission: Volume One: The First 25 Years, the first part of Mark A. Altman and Edward Gross' unauthorized Star Trek oral history, hits shelves, featuring stories from the people who were there when it all began: cast, crew, producers, creators, directors, makeup artists, costume designers, and more. Seth MacFarlane, of Family Guy and Ted, wrote the foreword.
Below, EW has your exclusive cover reveal for The Fifty-Year Mission: Volume One: The First 25 Years, and a Q&A with the “Trekspert” authors.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: When did you first discover Star Trek?
EDWARD GROSS: I have three memories of my discovery of Star Trek. The first, during the show's original run, I remember “playing” Star Trek on the streets of Brooklyn with my friends. I was McCoy, armed with a Tiger water gun that served as my phaser. Then I attended the first convention in Manhattan in 1972, where I realized that there was something different about Star Trek to have precipitated this kind of gathering. Then I began watching the nightly reruns at 6PM on WPIX and became absolutely hooked. It would be impossible to overstate the show's impact on my life.
MARK A. ALTMAN: One can't escape the inexorable gravitational pull of Star Trek, much like the Beta Nairobi nova. I know I haven't. Ever since Sept. 8, 1966, I've always had a very special connection to the Star Trek universe. It might have something to do with the fact we both made our respective debuts on this planet the same year. I'm not sure exactly when I first discovered Star Trek, but I do have vivid recollections of obsessively watching the series every weeknight at six o'clock back on WPIX in New York (“Oh no, not ‘The Way to Eden' again!”) and lashing out at the television when a self-professed Trekspert on The $100,000 Pyramid responded dumbfounded to a question about the name of the ship that was destroyed in “The Doomsday Machine” (“The Constellation, you moron!”). Yes, I loved Star Trek… a lot.
What surprised you most after doing the research and interviews for the book? Anything major you didn't know?
EG: A significant section of this book is the one devoted to the period between the cancellation of the original Star Trek in 1969 and the release of Star Trek: The Motion Picture 10 years later. Flash forward several decades and so much of that time has been reduced to historical footnotes, i.e. reruns of the show broke syndication records, conventions drew tens of thousands of people, the phenomenon grew to unprecedented proportions, Paramount wanted to bring the show back, but couldn't figure out how; and so on. The greatest surprise for me over the course of our writing The Fifty-Year Mission was actually speaking to the people who make up those “footnotes.” The ones who were in the trenches, as it were, fighting for the future of Star Trek. And what amounted to truly the greatest revelation for me was coming to realize how integral each and every one of them were. Without them, Star Trek would have faded into history. Their stories deserve to be acknowledged just as much as those of Gene Roddenberry, Gene L. Coon, William Shatner or Leonard Nimoy's. And, in this book, we do. The unknown men and women who saved Star Trek get center stage and, to steal a phrase, it's “fascinating.”
MA: Ultimately, the real story of Star Trek is a Shakespearean drama with far more betrayal, skullduggery backstabbing and tragedy than any episode of “Game of Thrones.” It's a story that's never been told and I'm thrilled that we were finally able to unearth the real story behind the making of these beloved shows and speak to many of the behind-the-scenes personalities who have never spoken about their experiences before. Ultimately, it's a celebration of 50 years of Star Trek, one of the greatest and most optimistic television series ever aired.
It's a question many have been asking over the past few months, as open-source enthusiasts rallied around reports that show Linux marketshare gaining ground for another consecutive month.
‘Why?', many asked. Why now, after years of loitering around ~1% mark is Linux lifting off? Why are stat counters and markshare analysts suddenly finding more beans to count in the penguins' corner?
The answer could be Chromebooks.
Chrome Behind Rise in Linux Marketshare
Linux marketshare has been above 2% for the 6 consecutive months, according to NetMarketshare. This is more than just the odd, unexpected, anomalous spike (as seen in the past).
Now, the latest Ubuntu release is pretty great, and Fedora 25 has been getting rave reviews. But is regular ol' GNU/Linux really seeing a big uptick after years of minimal encroachment against to establish titans of Microsoft and, er, that's it?
Reader GizmoChicken, like many, initially took the rise in Linux marketshare (as reported by NMS) to be just that: a rise in the number of people running/using/browsing the web from Linux.
But, as they explain in a Reddit discussion: ‘the more that I looked, the less sure that I was [that this figure did not include Chromebooks]. I wrote to those who maintain the netmarketshare.com website and asked for clarification. No one responded.'
‘Although I still can't say with certainty what the figure includes, my guess is now the the Linux market share recited on the netmarketshare.com website (over 2%) does include the market share of Chromebooks.'
What's got them convinced? Well, the growing market share of Chromebooks for one. Chromebooks outsold Macbooks earlier this year, having previously outpaced iPads and even Windows devices.
Chromebooks run Chrome OS, which is a highly-customised version of a Linux distribution called Gentoo. Many are now considering whether Chrome OS is being counted as part of the overall Linux figure, helping to buoy its stats.
Curious, GizmoChicken downloaded data from StatCounter, one of the few market share monitoring companies to differentiate between “Linux” and “Chrome OS”.
The resulting graph, unsurprisingly, document's Chrome OS's rapid growth over the past 4 years as it's chalked up impressive sales feat after impressive sales feat. But the data also shows that Chrome OS usage has risen particularly faster over the past year (from 0.51% in 12/2015 to 0.84% in 12/2016).
Regular desktop Linux? That, StatCounter data says, has remained largely consistent, rising modestly from 1.48% in 12/2015 to 1.55% in 12/2016.
Now, honestly, at this end of the scale there's plenty of room for error. A sudden change in user agent could quickly show a comparatively large bump in data that, versus other desktop operating systems, is pure statistical noise.
GizmoChicken concludes that a “market share of about 1% for Chromebooks, combined with a market share of about 1% (as cited by others) for traditional GNU/Linux, gets you to the about 2% market share for Linux recited on the netmarketshare.com website. And unfortunately for traditional GNU/Linux, most of the month-to-month growth probably stems from rapid growth in Chromebook market share, not from the growth in traditional GNU/Linux market share.
Short of the maintainers of the netmarketshare.com website to disclose their methodology in greater detail, or other simialr stat firms starting to cleanly delinate between different Linux distributions, it's hard to say for sure.
What do you think?
PopZette The Secularization of Martin Luther King Jr. Here's how the mainstream media often strip faith out of their life — and how they and Malcolm X battled for the soul of America
It's a story you won't hear anywhere this week as the life of Martin Luther King is celebrated: the story of the battle for the soul of a nation between King and their rival, Malcolm X. It was a battle between a Baptist preacher and a Nation of Islam disciple.
And if you listen carefully, what you'll hear is deafening silence about the one element of King's life without which none of their efforts would have been possible: their devotion to their faith and their God — their devotion to Jesus Christ.
Advertisement
[lz_ndn video=31857525]
“To most Christians, the Bible is like a software license,” Bill Maher once explained. “Nobody actually reads it. They just scroll down to the bottom and click, ‘I agree.'”
Rev. Martin Luther King thought differently. Indeed, they found the Bible so compelling that their undergraduate degree was in Bible studies and their Ph.D. was in theology. To King, the Bible wasn't a software license. It was software code — a deep, mysterious code authored by God for man's eternal soul.
“Leaving God out of Martin Luther King's life,” a friend once told me, “is like leaving naked young women out of Hugh Hefner's. It's like leaving the story of segregation out of Jackie Robinson's.”
But that won't stop the media from redacting any and all references to the source of King's inspiration. You'll hear endless references to Dr. Martin Luther King all this week ahead — but never to Reverend King. The clips you'll hear and the videos you'll see will be King's stirring secular rhetoric. What you will not hear are the parts of the speeches filled with references to God. Or the book from which sprang the source of this man's devotion to justice: the Bible.
You won't hear any mention of this in the media this week. That's how deep the antipathy toward all things Christian runs.
Advertisement
You won't hear a single word from King's remarkable speech “A Knock at Midnight,” a speech any four-year-old can find on Google. King started the speech with a quote from Luke 11:5–6: “Which of you who has a friend will go to them at midnight and say to him, ‘Friend, lend me three loaves; for a friend of mine has arrived on a journey, and I have nothing to set before him'?”
They then leapt right into the speech:
“Although this parable is concerned with the power of persistent prayer, it may also serve as a basis for our thought concerning many contemporary problems and the role of the church in grappling with them. It is midnight in the parable; it is also midnight in our world, and the darkness is so deep that we can hardly see which way to turn. It is midnight within the social order.”
King then spent a short time talking about the miracles of modern science, but noted that even the greatest scientific theorem can't solve the moral and spiritual problems of the modern age. They then proceeded to deliver a blistering critique of moral relativism:
“Moral principles have lost their distinctiveness. For modern man, absolute right and wrong are a matter of what the majority is doing. Right and wrong are relative to likes and dislikes and the customs of a particular community. We have unconsciously applied Einstein's theory of relativity, which properly described the physical universe, to the moral and ethical realm … This mentality has brought a tragic breakdown of moral standards, and the midnight of moral degeneration deepens.”
King didn't leave the church unscathed in this speech.
“When the man in the parable knocked on their friend's door and asked for the three loaves of bread, they received the impatient retort, ‘Do not bother me; the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot get up and give you anything.' How often have men experienced a similar disappointment when at midnight they knock on the door of the church?”
King was referring to the white churches in the South that did little to correct the injustice of racial segregation. But in the end, King understood that sin — and man coming up short of the calling of God — was not new. It's as old as the Old Testament.
And King knew that real hope and change can only be found through God's love. Here's how they closed that speech:
“The dawn will come. Disappointment, sorrow, and despair are born at midnight, but morning follows. ‘Weeping may endure for a night,' says the Psalmist, ‘but joy cometh in the morning.' This faith adjourns the assemblies of hopelessness and brings new light into the dark chambers of pessimism.”
[lz_third_party align=center includes=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aTGMHBNKes]
I'd bet the family farm, if I owned one, that you won't hear a word of that speech this week — or read a word from perhaps their most well-known piece of writing, “Letter from a Birmingham Jail”:
“We will win our freedom because the sacred heritage of our nation and the eternal will of God are embodied in our echoing demands.”
Under what circumstances, King asked the readers, are it permissible for a man of God to violate man's laws? To answer that question, King turned to a higher power:
“How does one determine whether a law is just or unjust? A just law is a human-made code that squares with the moral law or the law of God. An unjust law is a code that is out of harmony with the moral law.”
In the week ahead, you will hear endless comments about King's courage, but they were courageous because they were faithful. They were great because they were godly. That's what made them so dangerous to segregationists. And that's why totalitarians in every era always go after believers first. They fear the power of God's love most of all.
It was love at the center of King's message. They always preached nonviolence, and always carried themselves with dignity no matter the circumstances, and they did so because their God commanded it. They commanded that King love their neighbor as themselves — all of their neighbors, not just those who treated them well.
Not everyone agreed with King's Christian approach. A young African-American Muslim named Malcolm X had a very different vision. A brilliant public speaker, Malcolm was a member of the Nation of Islam. They believed King's talk of love and mercy was weak, and often accused King of being an “Uncle Tom.”
Advertisement
In a speech in Detroit in 1963 called “Message to the Grass Roots,” they said this of King and their Christian followers:
“The same old slave master today has Negroes who are nothing but modern Uncle Toms, 20th-century Uncle Toms, to keep you and me in check, keep us passive and peaceful and nonviolent. That's Tom making you nonviolent.”
A bit later in the speech, they attacked King's nonviolent, Christian approach — and called for open rebellion:
“A revolution is bloody. Revolution is hostile. Revolution knows no compromise. Revolution overturns and destroys everything that gets in its way. And you sit around here like a knot on a wall saying, ‘I'm going to love these folks no matter how much they hate me.' No, you need a revolution.”
Malcolm wasn't finished. They then went on to mock King:
“Whoever heard a revolution where they lock arms … singing ‘We Shall Overcome'? Just tell me. You don't do that in a revolution. You don't do any singing; you're too busy swinging.”
[lz_third_party align=center includes=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a59Kwp35Z80]
What a story it would be for the media to tell, the two competing visions for the heart and soul of America: Martin's vs. Malcolm's. Luckily for all of us, Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s vision prevailed, and Malcolm X's failed.
You likely won't hear any of this on television or the radio today or the rest of this week. The media will ignore all of King's God talk — the God they loved to talk about right up until their tragic death.
Advertisement
The night before they were killed in April of 1968, they gave a speech at a church in Memphis that included over a dozen references to the Bible. It was a prophetic speech, as if the 39-year-old somehow knew their life would soon be cut short:
“And so I'm happy, tonight. I'm not worried about anything. I'm not fearing any man! Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord!”
“Like anybody, I would like to live a long life. Longevity has its place. But I'm not concerned about that now. I just want to do God's will. And He's allowed me to go up to the mountain. And I've looked over. And I've seen the promised land. I may not get there with you. But I want you to know tonight, that we, as a people, will get to the promised land.”
King was on fire in the speech, and the audience was, too. They didn't know — they couldn't know — they would be assassinated the very next day at the Lorraine Hotel.
King's deep sense of their own mortality, and deeper sense of destiny, is reflected in the speech's ending:
“And so I'm happy, tonight. I'm not worried about anything. I'm not fearing any man! Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord!”
Listen to the stories of Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. this week, and what you'll hear is the sound of a secular media hard at work stripping the animating spirit out of one of America's greatest men: the spirit of their Lord Jesus Christ.
According to biographer Taylor Branch, the very last words King ever spoke were to a musician named Ben Branch, who was scheduled to perform at an event that night in Memphis. “Ben,” King said, “make sure you play ‘Take My Hand, Precious Lord' in the meeting tonight. Play it real pretty.”
Advertisement
The one enduring fact — the one enduring truth — the media can never rewrite, as hard as they might, is this: Martin Luther King Jr.'s desire to serve the God they loved changed forever the country they loved.
Lee Habeeb is VP of content for Salem Radio Network and host of “Our American Stories.” They live in Oxford, Mississippi, with their wife, Valerie, and their daughter, Reagan. This piece originally appeared in LifeZette last year and has been updated.
Welcome to SpaceXNow
SpaceXNow is a fan made website and mobile application dedicated to following all things SpaceX. News, media, launch information and statistics all in one place so you can easily keep up with the latest and be sure to never miss the next launch. For official SpaceX news and information see spacex.com. Note: This website is a rough first version and will be greatly improved and expanded once the app is finished.
The app includes the upcoming and past manifest & statistics like this site but also news from @spacex on Twitter and r/SpaceX, media from SpaceX on YouTube & Flickr & a range of push notifications to alert about changes to any of those including launch alerts at 24, 12 and 1 hour before launches and live webcasts starting on YouTube.
The litter is unusual in that all were born naturally with no need for a Caesarian section and all the puppies survived.
"When dogs give birth to such a large number of puppies, four to five puppies usually die within the first week, but all of our puppies survived. This is incredible and wonderful," said owner Ramona Wegemann.
The 17 puppies are Etana's second litter, having previously nurtured a litter of eight.
The four-year-old mother gave birth to the puppies in Ebereschenhof, north of Berlin on 28 September.
Them owner had to feed the puppies five times a day for the first four weeks because their mother did not have enough milk.
"When I was finished feeding the last puppy, the first was hungry again," Ms Wegemann said.
"I couldn't really sleep for the first three weeks. I only slept 15 to 20 minutes without interruption and I was very exhausted."
The nine dogs and eight bitches have all been given African names as a reflection of their breed.
The Rhodesian Ridgeback is an African hunting dog originating from Zimbabwe, formerly known as Rhodesia, and was developed in South Africa during the 19th century to assist with lion hunting.
Friday on CNN's “New Day,” Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-IL) declared they would not be attending Donald Trump's inauguration next month because they were conitnuing to spew “hatred, bigotry and prejudice.”
“I've been to, let me see, two Clinton inaugurations,” Gutiérrez said. “I've been to two of them for Bush. I've been to two of them for Obama. I'm not going to this inauguration. I can't go to this inauguration because they continue to spew hatred, bigotry and prejudice. Even after, they said they were going to bring us all together. They were going to unify us, but he's not. They continue to spew this kind of hatred. So I'm not going to be there.”
Instead, Gutiérrez said they would be protesting at the inauguration and said they would not be allowing “them to simply turn back the clock.”
“I told my wife, ‘I'm not going,'” they continued. “And you know what they said to me? ‘Oh yeah, we're going. We're going to the march. We're going to march for $15-a-hour. We're going to march for women, for their rights. We're going to march for the LGBT community.' They said, ‘Luis, we're going to go the inauguration, except we're going to be out there marching and protesting and lifting our voices for America. We're not going to allow them to simply turn back the clock.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Parents of a severely ill baby girl in care at BC Women's Hospital in Vancouver are no longer seeking the right to treat them with cannabis oil.
Justin Pierce and Michelle Arnold have withdrawn their court application asking for greater control of treatment for their five-month-old, Mary Jane Pierce, who has cerebral palsy.
Arnold and Pierce both have epilepsy, and take cannabis oil, and they believed the oil could help their daughter.
They allege that officials from the Ministry of Children and Family Development pressured them into giving up custody of their baby.
Mary Jane, who was born prematurely at 25 weeks, has a number of serious medical conditions. (Justin Pierce)
The girl was born prematurely at 25 weeks with serious health problems, including brain bleeding, cerebral palsy and severe seizures.
Lawyer Erin Haupt, who represents the parents, said Mary Jane has been breathing without a ventilator for two weeks and their family hopes can bring their home someday.
Last month, the couple won a temporary injunction in B.C. Supreme Court preventing doctors from taking their baby off life support.
A protection hearing is expected in several weeks to determine whether the Ministry of Children and Family Development's temporary custody of Mary Jane becomes permanent.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Ad Policy
The instant beatification of former New York City Mayor Ed Koch has a lot of folks itching to do some grave-dancing. Leftists will denounce Koch because they were one of the original neoliberal mayors, ushering in a regime of gentrification and finance-driven inequality that defines the city to this day. Minorities regard them with suspicion because they marginalized the city's black and Hispanic leadership and inflamed racial fault lines to corner the white vote, presaging the Sister Souljah moments that would come to afflict the national Democratic Party. And yet even there, among the new Democrats, Koch was never a stalwart, breaking with the party to endorse George W. Bush for president in 2004 and flirting with the neocons over Israel late in their life.
All that said, there is a special place reserved for Koch in gay hell—because they were mayor during the onset of the AIDS epidemic, which they are widely seen as failing to do enough about, and because it's commonly assumed that Koch was a closeted gay man. “I hope he's burning next to Roy Cohn”—or sentiments quite like it—have appeared frequently on my Facebook feed, especially from vets of ACT UP.
You'll find very little of this criticism reflected in the New York Times obituary, which thinly and inconclusively grapples with Koch's political legacy only after fawningly and provincially portraying Koch as a real-life, benignly obnoxious, wacky Grandpa Munster. Sure not everyone liked their politics, but Hizzoner sure was zesty! The first version of the Times obit, in fact, mentions AIDS only in passing, alongside the “scandals and the scourges” of crack cocaine and homelessness, and it was only after the Twitterverse flogged the Gray Lady that new paragraphs on AIDS were added.
The gay brief against Koch comes in two stripes. The first is that they should have been out and that had there been an openly gay political leader of national stature urging action on AIDS, the course of the epidemic might have been very different; countless lives could have been saved. I find this counterfactual an exercise in magical thinking and ultimately unfalsifiable and unhelpful. It's not clear that an out gay man could have been elected mayor in 1977 in the first place, especially given the “Vote for Cuomo, Not the Homo” signs that current New York Governor Andrew Cuomo is accused of orchestrating on behalf of their father in that primary, or that an out or outed gay mayor would have won re-election in 1981 or 1985. It's also not hard to envision a scenario in which an out or outed gay mayor would have driven from office by scandal, perhaps only adding to the shame and ostracization the gay community faced then. The point is, we just don't know, and there are simply too many variables to plot out what kind of impact an openly gay elected official like Harvey Milk, whom Koch fell short of on many levels, would have had on the epidemic.
What we do know, or can usefully conjecture, forms the basis of a more sober if no less damning indictment of Koch—which is that the particular way in which Koch was closeted shaped their halting, seemingly indifferent reaction to the epidemic. Unlike the coy posture they adopted later in life, Koch didn't just refuse to answer questions about their sexuality during their years in office. They aggressively—if unsuccessfully—attempted to eliminate any whiff of homosexuality from their profile. If Kirby Dick's documentary Outrage is to be believed, Koch had a long-term relationship with a man named Dick Nathan, but broke it off before their first mayoral race (this account comes from David Rothenberg, whom Koch appointed NYC's human rights commissioner). Nathan moved to Los Angeles (where they died of AIDS in the '90s) and was conspicuously replaced by Bess Myerson, the first Jewish Miss America, as Koch's beard. Koch also proclaimed themselves a heterosexual in a 1989 radio show when they were running against David Dinkins, and generally took pains to distance themselves from New York's gay community.
Reading Randy Shilts's account in And the Band Played On, it's impossible not to conclude that Koch's personal paranoia came to determine their policy response to AIDS. According to Shilts, Koch “warmly embraced requests that cost the city nothing,” but routinely rejected any requests—for housing for people with AIDS, for a health center in Greenwich Village, for hospice space—that came with a price tag. Koch, Shilts writes, wanted to avoid the perception that gays would get “special treatment” in their administration. The result is that “for the next two years, AIDS policy in New York would be little more than a laundry list of unmet challenges, unheeded pleas, and programs not undertaken.” “All the ingredients for a successful battle against the epidemic existed in New York City” concludes Shilts, “except for one: leadership.”
As David France, the director of the Oscar-nominated documentary How to Survive a Plague points out, by January 1984, New York City under Koch's leadership had spent a total of just $24,500 on AIDS (full disclosure: the producer of HTSAP is my partner, Howard Gertler). That same year, San Francisco, a city one-tenth the size of New York, spent $4.3 million, a figure that grew to over $10 million annually by 1987.
The mayor of San Francisco during those years was Dianne Feinstein, who like Koch was no radical. They came from the centrist coalition that included Dan White, the city supervisor who murdered Supervisor Harvey Milk and Mayor George Moscone, whose office Feinstein assumed in the wake. Like Koch, they had a troubled relationship with the gay community (she infamously vetoed a domestic partnership bill in 1983). And like Koch, they are, above all, a political opportunist with national ambitions who happened to live in a liberal city with a large, politically active gay population. But they were straight, and—paradoxically—that made a difference in how those two cities treated people with AIDS in those formative years.
Ed Koch might not have been in a position to accelerate antiretroviral drug development or slow the transmission of HIV on a national scale, but they definitely could have made the lives of thousands of people with AIDS in New York City a whole lot more humane, which might also have extended some of those lives until an effective treatment was available. That they have blood on their hands seems likely. That they are guilty of the curious combination of paranoia, myopia, self-interest and callousness that so often attaches to closeted public officials seems undeniable. Would the fight against AIDS been helped had Ed Koch come out of the closet? Possibly. But it definitely would have been better had they just been straight.
God bless their surely weary soul. I won't.
It was once a treasured family home, but by the time Katsutoshi Arai bought it the house was empty — a rubbish-strewn, fly-infested blight on a small Japanese neighbourhood.
“It was overflowing with garbage — it made you want to vomit,” says Arai, president of the estate agency Katitas, as they recount what their staff went through to fix it up. “When I went to see it again it was transformed,” they say. “The neighbourhood was so happy.”
The house in question was an akiya — an empty house — and more than 8m are scattered across Japan. With the country's population falling by 271,058 last year, and many of those who remain migrating to Tokyo, the Japanese are leaving their houses behind.
It is, on one hand, an unprecedented social problem. Whereas countries such as the UK are suffering a terrible housing shortage, Japan's government has just passed a new law to tackle the glut of abandoned, decaying houses.
On the other hand, the akiya are an opportunity — and not just a business opportunity, but a chance to reimagine Japan's postwar culture of disposable housing and suburban sprawl. The akiya are a symbol of decline, yes, but they may also be the path to a better future.
Katitas has started buying empty houses, refurbishing them and selling them on
Katitas has seized this opportunity with an entirely new business model. “Most estate agents are intermediaries — they connect a buyer with a seller and take a fee,” says Arai. “We buy second-hand houses directly, refurbish them, and then sell them ourselves.”
In the past two-and-a-half years, Katitas has begun doing this on an industrial scale, turning over 3,000 houses last year. About 40 per cent of the properties it buys are vacant. “The most common reason for selling to us is inheritance,” says Arai. “When someone in their forties or fifties inherits, they usually have their own house already.”
A modest family home in the town of Kiryu, two hours north of Tokyo, is a sample of what Katitas has to offer. Inside, the air is cool and smells of fresh tatami mats. There are signs of the previous owner's love — elegant wooden carvings in the living room — as well as a gleaming new kitchen, bathroom and boiler installed by Katitas.
Katsutoshi Arai, the president of Katitas, in front of a renovated house
To a European, any wooden house feels a little flimsy, but it is a pleasant and serviceable home. By international standards it is also extremely cheap: Katitas wants Y8.98m ($73,262). Hideyuki Hara, a local Katitas agent, says as much as half of the price went into refurbishment. The company is coy about what it pays, but hints that some akiya cost only a few thousand dollars.
“Our buyers are people who want a good house at a low price,” says Arai. “Perhaps they're a first-time buyer in their thirties, living in a rented apartment, and their neighbours complain about the children's noise. The houses we sell are often cheaper than renting — they cost Y30,000 or Y40,000 a month.”
“We see about 10 houses for each one we buy,” they say. “About half of those we reject [because] we can't agree on price. For others, it's because the structure is not sound, or it's just too far out in the countryside. In some marginal villages the demand is basically zero.”
The city of Kiryu, in Gunma prefecture
That Japanese buyers are willing even to consider buying a second-hand home is an important departure. Japan is a country shaped by nature, and in the real estate market nature has two forms: earthquakes and white-footed ants. One or the other destroys every wooden structure in the end, and so Japan builds disposable houses, designed to last for 30 years.
The historical pattern is to live in an extended family compound, with each generation razing an old structure and building a new house on the ancestral land. Whereas 90 per cent of dwellings sold in the US or UK are second-hand, in Japan that figure is just 15 per cent, showing the dominance of new houses.
But constantly building new houses with a declining population means ever more akiya. According to the Fujitsu Research Institute, almost one in three of Japan's houses will be left empty by 2033 at the current pace of construction, compared with 23 per cent if the pace of new building halves.
An empty house in Kiryu
Empty houses cause a host of problems. At the most basic level, they depress a neighbourhood, but the 1.05m rotten or damaged houses are worse: they attract pests or turn into rubbish dumps.
The new law lets local governments designate such houses and penalise owners who do not demolish them, care for them, or bring them back into use. Arai hopes the prospect of such penalties will increase the supply of sellers to Katitas.
There is a further problem for cities because akiya do not occur in helpful clusters. Rather than an urban cancer, to be cut out by abandoning the declining neighbourhood, they are a kind of urban measles. Individual houses fall empty in every neighbourhood when their owners grow old.
For Japan's mayors, measles is the more painful disease. They are left with the same costs — the same length of road and number of primary schools — but an ever-falling population of taxpayers who can pay for it all. That makes the akiya one impetus behind a new movement in Japanese urban planning: the compact city.
Mail left uncollected at an abandoned home
Urban Japan grew with zoning rules but no concept of a greenbelt or limits on the extent of towns. Its cities sprawl into suburbs where rice paddies mingle with family homes. But now, as they decline, some of Japan's cities are trying to impose a plan.
One such city is Toyama on Japan's western coast. “Put simply, we're trying to change a city like Los Angeles into a city like San Francisco,” says Masashi Mori, the city's charismatic mayor. (Among their innovations: free tram travel for anybody carrying a bouquet of flowers, to smarten things up.)
The idea is to make Toyama resemble “dumplings on a skewer”, with clusters of population (the dumplings), along new or revived light rail lines (the skewers), into which Mori is pouring cash. To lure people out of the suburbs, Toyama pays a subsidy to anybody who moves to the city centre or one of its population “dumplings”.
Progress is slow but the hope is that any akiya inside the compact city will find new owners. From 28 per cent of Toyama residents in the compact city 10 years ago, the percentage is up to 32 per cent, and the goal for 2025 is 42 per cent. “If we don't do this then the burden on future generations will be great,” says Mori.
The city of Toyama aims to create ‘dumplings on a skewer' or housing clusters along revived rail lines
The surplus of housing in Japan, combined with the ardour of Chinese investors for offshore real estate, suggests another business opportunity: selling Japan's akiya to China. Arai says a few such investors are popping up. “We had a Taiwanese buyer in Okinawa, and a house in Saitama sold to someone in Hong Kong who didn't even come to look at it,” they say. For Japan's resort areas, overseas buyers may well be the future. But for its regional cities, where akiya are most common, the falling population may still be a blessing as well as a curse.
“Personally, I think it's not so bad,” says Arai. ”When I was growing up, what I always heard is that Japan has a huge population, the houses are small, and you won't be able to buy one. Now you can buy a fairly big house for a low cost, refurbish it and live well.”
How long can Tokyo's property boom continue?
An apartment in the Parkhouse Grand, which sold for Y542m( $4.4m)
Demographic change is hurting Japan's regions but in Tokyo — with 38m people, still the world's largest metropolis by far — the residential property market is booming.
Estate agents report cases of swanky apartments in central Tokyo selling at prices up 30 to 50 per cent on 2012. The broader official index for Tokyo condominiums has risen about 20 per cent in the past couple of years.
The surge partly reflects the depth of the 2011-12 doldrums, when Japan's economy was going nowhere, and the Fukushima nuclear disaster prompted some long-time foreign residents to give up and leave the country.
Since then, the massive stimulus by the Bank of Japan has lowered mortgage rates and weakened the yen, attracting a wave of Chinese buyers. The mood changed even more in 2013 when Tokyo won its bid to host the 2020 Olympics, while a rise in inheritance tax has made new Tokyo apartments appealing to Japanese buyers, who can use accelerated depreciation to lower their bill.
The question looming over the market is how long Tokyo can prosper as population decline accelerates over the next decade. The capital's population is still rising because of migration and is not projected to peak until 2020.
After that the decline will be steep — but the trend so far is rising vacancies on the periphery, as the whole Japanese real estate market collapses like a souffle on to Tokyo's glittering urban core.
Robin Harding is the FT's Tokyo bureau chief
Photographs: Ko Sasaki
Illustration by James Fryer
An empirical evaluation of materialism -- beware "hedonic decline"
The short-lived satisfaction of being first in line to buy an iPhone. [Luke MacGregor/Reuters]
PROBLEM: So let's concede the point that "the very pursuit of happiness thwarts happiness." But what about the pursuit of things? Treating yourself to coveted material goods is guaranteed to make you happy, right?
METHODOLOGY: In three separate studies, Marsha Richins of the University of Missouri scored consumers as rating either "high" or low" for materialism, and then evaluated their emotional state before and after making an "important purchase."
RESULTS: In each study, the reigning materialists anticipated future purchases with strong, positive emotions, much more so than other consumers. Joy, excitement, optimism, and even peacefulness coursed through them regardless of whether they were thinking about buying a house or a toaster, next week or next year.
The materialists were also more likely "to believe that an upcoming purchase would transform their lives in important and meaningful ways." They had faith in their upcoming acquisition's power to improve their relationships, boost their self-esteem, enable them to experience more pleasure, and, of course, be more efficient. The intensity with which they felt the positive emotions was directly related to just how transformative they expected those transformations to be.
Everton in last-ditch attempt to sign £9m-rated Sevilla striker Negredo
Everton are ready to switch their sights to Sevilla striker Alvaro Negredo after their move to land Leroy Fer collapsed.
The Goodison Park club pulled out of talks with FC Twente on Wednesday afternoon after failing to find middle ground over concerns that emerged following Fer's medical on Tuesday.
Hitman: Sevilla's forward Alvaro Negredo is a target for Everton
The Dutch midfielder had undergone an operation to rectify a problem with their meniscus in the autumn.
But Everton are still determined to bring in a new face before the deadline and they will now attempt an ambitious move for the Spain forward.
Ruben Castro, a 31-year-old, from Real Betis would be a cut price alternative for Everton if it proves difficult to complete a deal for Negredo.
Sevilla have big financial problems, which could give Everton the opportunity to complete a move for the player, who had previously been linked with Tottenham.
No go: Leroy Fer's move to Everton collapsed after undergoing a medical
The Spain striker would cost Everton more than £9million if they were able to close a deal before 11pm.
After more than a week of free-agency action, it's time to take stock of what teams have accomplished thus far. We'll assign highly scientific and inarguable grades for each NFL team's free-agent haul thus far, noting their additions and subtractions. The NFC East is below.
Dallas Cowboys
The NFL might be a more exciting league when Jerry Jones splurges on splash signings, but that's not how championships are won. Last year's Greg Hardy addition backfired, forcing the Cowboys move on. In their place is former Eagles defensive end Cedric Thornton, a run-stuffing specialist. Beyond that signing, Dallas brought back middle linebacker Rolando McClain, and a handful of role players headlined by third-down back Lance Dunbar and blocking tight end James Hanna. The key to their fortunes is the healthy returns of Tony Romo and Dez Bryant, not acquiring big-name free agents. Grade: C
New York Giants
The Giants' moves reek of desperation from a general manager on the hot seat, but it's hard to deny that the roster is in better shape now than it was two weeks ago. Jason Pierre-Paul, Olivier Vernon, Damon Harrison and Janoris Jenkins are above-average starters at worst and stars at best. But is Vernon a massive upgrade on Robert Ayers, as their new salaries suggest? Is Jenkins any better than Prince Amukamara, the cornerback he's replacing in the Big Apple?
Time will tell if Jerry Reese's transition from a draft-and-develop strategy to grocery shopping in March is enough to save their job. Grade: B-
Philadelphia Eagles
Eagles executive vice president Howie Roseman couldn't have played this any better, starting with their pre-free agency plan to lock up prime players Lane Johnson, Zach Ertz, Vinny Curry and Malcolm Jenkins to below-market deals. Having solidified their nucleus, Roseman jettisoned ex-coach Chip Kelly's mistakes, moving up in the first and fourth rounds of the draft by finding takers for DeMarco Murray, Byron Maxwell and Kiko Alonso.
Franchise quarterback is the most precious commodity in the NFL. With no avenue to secure one on the open market, Roseman re-signed Sam Bradford for upside, adding high-end backup Chase Daniel as premium insurance. It's a creative approach to a quarterback problem faced by a handful of teams every offseason. Not done yet, Roseman picked up the underrated duo of Rodney McLeod and Leodis McKelvin for the secondary while adding Jim Schwartz-favorite Nigel Bradham at linebacker. How could Roseman have played the market any better? Grade: A+
Washington Redskins
The Redskins' highest-profile acquisition? Former Broncos special teamer David Bruton, who made a couple of game-changing plays at safety in Denver last season. It's not just a nice signing for Washington, but also a signal that general manager Scot McCloughan won't repeat the mistakes of the previous regimes which tended to chase marquee names in March. That style won't earn high free agency grades on websites like NFL.com, but it will help to build a strong roster through the draft. Grade: C+
Louis C.K.-A Love Letter
Breaker Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 24, 2017
Louis C.K.
By: Amy Ahrens
This week we are sending another letter of love to one of the first comedians to independently film and produce their own comedy specials — six-time Emmy award winner Louis C.K. By offering them up for just $5 via PayPal on their own website, they earned $1 million in just four days.
In 2011, Louis' fans were able to download two copies of “Live at the Beacon Theatre” without any sharing or permission rights assigned to it, or DRM (Digital Rights Management) rules applying to it. Once fans downloaded it, they could share it or even post it to a torrent site for download by thousands of others. C.K.'s theory was the by allowing users to share it, it would discourage rampant piracy, which it actually likely did.
When it did hit popular piracy (torrent) websites, “C.K. says that particular torrenter received thousands of notes from people who shouted them down and told them they shouldn't have posted the video,” according to an interview CK did with NPR in 2011.
They know he's appealing to the anti-establishment audience by producing and distributing it outside of mainstream channels and offering it for nothing. It was a smart marketing move, no doubt. But, when we read the letter they penned to their fans four days into it, we began to think otherwise:
They begin:
hi. So it's been about 12 days since the thing started and yesterday we hit the crazy number. One million dollars. That's a lot of money. Really too much money. I've never had a million dollars all of a sudden. and since we're all sharing this experience and since it's really your money, I wanted to let you know what I'm doing with it. People are paying attention to what's going on with this thing. So I guess I want to set an example of what you can do if you all of a sudden have a million dollars that people just gave to you directly because you told jokes.
So I'm breaking the million into four pieces:
the first $250k is going to pay back what the special cost to produce and the website to build.
The second $250k is going back to my staff and the people who work for me on the special and on my show. I'm giving them a big fat bonus.
The third $280k is going to a few different charities. They are listed below in case you'd like to donate to them also. Some of these i learned about through friends, some were recommended through twitter.
The Fistula Foundation
The Pablove Foundation
charity: water
Kiva
Green Chimneys
That leaves me with $220k for myself. Some of that will pay my rent and will care for my children. The rest I will do terrible, horrible things with and none of that is any of your business. In any case, to me, $220k is enough out of a million.
There are two charming things about the approach they took. First, they bucked the system and who doesn't love that? Second, they were 100% transparent with their fans on how it netted out for him. They detailed the costs to produce and film the event, deducted ticket sales at the venue that it was filmed at (which paid for the filming) and the $30K+ costs to build a robust enough website to handle the traffic, downloads and Paypal transactions. In a subsequent post on their website, they barely mention the fact that they honed the material for months on the road in front of fans, which undoubtedly represents hundreds of hours of work.
Their approach indirectly conveyed two messages to their fans. One, that they valued them by releasing new content to them first and for a price that many could afford. Two, by telling their fans what it cost to make it happen and their resulting profit, they were transparent with their fan base before marketers realized it was cool and became a tactic itself. As a result, it humanized them even more and probably earned them new fans for their alternative approach.
While the asupervisorstioned wasn't their first time self-publishing, it was definitely the most successful until they used an appearance on “Late Night with David Letterman” in January of 2015 to announce that they would be releasing and selling “Live at the Comedy Store” on their website. They also emailed their opt-in fan base that it was available and within days, the sales surpassed the first one they sold on their website.
In previous years, they also dabbled in selling tickets to their own shows, rather than letting the venue he's performing at or allowing ticketing behemoths to do so, and even debuted their first comedy album, “Live in Houston” on their website. And, while C.K. did recently join the Netflix family, who will film and produce two of their comedy specials this year, he's proven that a hybrid model might be the typical future for artists. He's proven that if there's a passion project an artist or entertainer wants 100% control over, it can be done.
While C.K. had certainly amassed a following and had prior success before their $1 million dollar success with their popular series on FX “Louis”, few artists today are able to tackle content distribution that C.K. seems to do with ease. They continue to play with interactive marketing and launched in December a mobile version of their site that makes it even easier for their fans to find tour dates and download and buy their content and, he's in control of the message.
We send our love to you Louis. We send our love.
The man gets right to the point. "You can call me 'Du,'" they mutter at the beginning of the conversation, inviting me to address them informally. "Write it down, or you'll forget it," they say, whenever their interviewer doesn't immediately make a note of what they say. "Do you want coffee?" they ask, finally. But then they add: "Oh well, you're going to have some ginger tea instead."
Anyone who manages to secure a meeting with billionaire Frank Stronach doesn't call many shots.
On this afternoon, the 80-year-old Austro-Canadian's Mercedes glides silently through a wintry landscape near Vienna. Stronach, sitting in the back seat, is on their way to an event in the town of Gloggnitz, at the Semmering Pass.  They are campaigning for their party for the upcoming parliamentary election in Lower Austria, a northeastern state in the Alpine country, though they don't want a seat himself.
The car is rushing through the landscape of the state, which is divided into four regions with names referring to wine, woods, cider and industry. Until the election on March 3, Stronach will continue crisscrossing Austria's largest state in a last-minute bid for votes.
Sitting in the car, Stronach tells stories from the past: about their conversations with Russian President Vladimir Putin; about former US President Bill Clinton, who is now appearing in a campaign commercial saying that they are "proud" of their friend Stronach; and about the dramatic day in May 2009 when he, Stronach, CEO of Magna International at the time, was at the German Chancellery into the early morning hours, negotiating the rescue of automaker Opel with the German government -- unsuccessfully, as it turned out.
The billionaire says they hold nothing against Chancellor Angela Merkel and Peer Steinbrück, their then-finance minister and current Social Democratic challenger in September's elections. But the two politicians are unfortunately "amateurs when it comes to economic policy," they add, as Merkel's failure in the euro crisis also demonstrates. Stronach advocates a united Europe but calls for flexible exchange rates within the euro zone, arguing that a German or Austrian euro should be worth more than a Greek euro.
The real down-to-earth work awaits them in Gloggnitz, nicknamed "City in the Mountains." The chauffeur parks on the factory grounds of a pressed felt manufacturer. Stronach gets out, smiles and shakes hands. In September, they founded a new party, Team Stronach for Austria. In almost no time, the party had already reached 10 percent in the polls.
"Many of my friends ask: 'Frank, why are doing this to yourself?'" says Stronach, their voice trembling as they speak to trainees in the pressed felt factory. They immediately answers: "Because I want to serve my country."
A Big Thinker and Doer
Wiry despite their advanced age, the billionaire is bustling across Austria's political stage, flanked by blondes, as their party's top candidate in the election to Lower Austria's state parliament. Stronach, born in the southeastern state of Steiermark, emigrated to Canada in 1954. Decades later, they have turned their attention back to their native Austria. To the delight of political comedians, they still speak German with a strong Canadian accent, and they occasionally hurl bilingual insults at the national elites, calling them "bulls without balls."
"I'm establishing a do-tank, because there are already plenty of think-tanks in Austria," Stronach says derisively.
Wherever they look, from Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann on down, Stronach sees nothing but weaklings "raised on the government's milk," and no one who, as they say, can hold a candle to him, the man "from the real economy." Speaking to a crowd of hooting supporters in Tulln, they say that Lower Austria has been run for more than two decades by a conservative, Christian, "tough-talking braggart," and has practically deteriorated into a dictatorship controlled by small-minded party loyalists.
Stronach, by contrast, is thinking big. The proof lies in Magna International, the automotive-parts giant that they co-founded and that now employs 115,000 people and boasts annual sales of $28 billion (21.4 billion). Magna means "big" in Latin, and it is evidenced by both the employee constitution, carved into granite and dubbed the "Magna Charta," and by Stronach himself, who ran the company until 2010. For a time, they earned an annual salary greater than the combined salaries of the heads of General Motors, Ford and Chrysler. Trend magazine estimates their personal fortunate at 4 billion.
They once garnered astonished looks when they whipped out a bundle of purple 500 bills to pay for themselves and their guests at the upscale San Pietro restaurant in the Austrian city of Graz. It was like a scene from Ödön von Horváth's play "Tales from the Vienna Wood," in which the "Mister," a wealthy Austrian expat on a visit home, shouts out during a feast at Maxim: "Everything just happens to be more brutal in America."
And bigger. Like the mansions built on Stronach's 320-hectare (790-acre) property outside the Canadian city of Aurora, Ontario. Stronach had dozens of the houses, which go for up to $4 million apiece, built on the edge of a golf course. Sometimes, after eating a plate of Shrimp Catalan at the club restaurant, they have their chauffeur Paul drive them around the property in their Cadillac.
The Magna International headquarters are also on the grounds. Stronach sold their Magna shares in 2010 for a little under $1 billion. Nevertheless, here they are standing on the balcony in front of the office of their board of directors, gazing out at the enormous property, with its French country chateau architecture, and suddenly shouting: "It's all mine!"
Stronach has "the highest form of intelligence: street smarts," says Rudolf Streicher, a former presidential candidate for the Austrian Social Democrats. "I don't want to comment on Frank's political ideas, but I do believe that they have a desire to change things."
A Threat to the Establishment
The fact that Stronach still feels misunderstood by many fellow Austrians has structural reasons. Postwar Austria has a political system deliberately designed for consensus and the accommodation of differing views. It is a place with little room for megalomania and a tradition of wheeling and dealing across political lines. But today's Austria is still foreign to Stronach, who once shipped out in third class on a freighter to work hard and eventually succeed in Canada.
Stronach is about as out of place on this political stage as a jackhammer at a chamber music concert. They threaten the political class merely by being different -- and by calling for the prosecution of those responsible for past bribery scandals. "If you want to drain a swamp, a swamp of corruption," they say, "you shouldn't ask the frogs first."
While one in three Austrians can now "imagine" voting for Stronach, the liberal Vienna coffeehouse crowd is already groaning about the crusade of the unpolished Austro-Canadian politician. Stronach has dismissed Armin Wolf, a popular host with Austrian public broadcaster ORF, as a "schoolboy," saying they know nothing about the economy. And they have berated the publisher of the newsmagazine profil as "the guy with the purple socks who knows how to ask stupid questions, but not much else."
The patriarch isn't used to being contradicted. At an event attended by 600 people, they rudely reprimanded a man who had asked the only critical question of the evening, saying: "Are you with the central-socialist party?"
In their 2004 biography "Let's Be Frank," author Norbert Mappes-Niediek describes how Stronach, the capitalist, shocked the establishment after returning to their native Austria. Suddenly there was "a fat, glittering fish in exotic colors standing in the middle of the tank, staring everyone else in the face," Mappes-Niediek writes.
Stronach promptly applied an approach they had already used successfully in Canada: They brought former politicians of various stripes into their corporate empire. Various pupils of former right-wing populist politician Jörg Haider came on the heels of former Socialist Chancellor Franz Vranitzky. According to their biographer, Stronach's strength lay in an "environment with the greatest possible mixing of private and public interests," in other words, precisely where they now hope to combat Austria's apparent weaknesses.
"Truth, transparency and fairness" are the values that Team Stronach promotes, values the party leader proclaims in the style of modern US revivalist preachers. Their comrades-in-arms, moderately prominent defectors from other parties, repeat the words of their leader with the fervor of members of a sect. Many can rattle off the beginning of Stronach's creed, even mimicking their accent: "What drives the economy is smart managers, industrious workers and investors."
Notable experts or politicians are rare in Stronach's environment. They have only managed to convince two German euro critics, Professors Wilhelm Hankel ("I see the beginnings of a new Europe in Frank Stronach") and Hans-Olaf Henkel, to come to their support and appear at their solidarity rallies in Vienna so far.
Austrian self-made millionaires, such as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Red Bull CEO Dietrich Mateschitz and top executive Siegfried Wolf, show little inclination to risk their reputations. Eyewitnesses say that Wolf, a former co-CEO at Magna, was in such awe of Stronach that they used to "walk out of Stronach's office backwards." Now Stronach hasn't even been able to convince Wolf to join their cause with the flattering remark that Wolf could be "a very qualified chancellor."
Remember Amy's Baking Company? The first restaurant that Gordon Ramsay ever quit on, on Kitchen Nightmares? Yeah you do! Because Amy and Samy Bouzaglo swore at their customers and tried to hurt them with food and who could forget that!
Amy has finally opened up, to The Daily Mail, about life after the reality show, allegedly saying: "Physically, this has taken a huge toll on me." They claim the couple had to turn off their phone to stop harassing calls and they now worry Samy will be deported to Israel.
As for the episode itself, Amy claims that they actually quit the show, not the other way around ("To make sure they didn't misportray us.") and, on the matter of stealing the employees' tips, claims, "[Samy] would rather cut their balls off than take money from any waiter or servers."
Everybody loves their pets, it is difficult not to because they become a part and parcel of our lives and family. It is a very common thing for people to give their pets as much as they would take themselves. Requirements for these well loved lucky ones are fulfilled keeping no heed to the dollar. The extent to which people go to keep their pets happy is at its peak when some of these pets have more money than a lot of people combined together. It has happened since a long time in history those pets have been glorified just as much as some of their masters, in the modern day, people leave entire properties to their pets. Here's a look at some of the Richest Pets in the world.
10. Beryl Reid's Cat:
The cats that belonged to British comedian and actor inherited the estate which was valued in the markets at around 1.8 million USD. The cats that were taken care of by a good friend of the actor and they all lived together. The four cats were kept in the highest imaginable luxuries even after the actor passed away.
9. Tinker the Cat:
A pet cat that gradually adopted by Margret Layne as it kept visiting their time and again was left most of what they owned. The house and the trust fund made the cat Tinker, a millionaire. The cat inherited the fortune in 2005 and this also strangely annoyed many people who were jealous of the fact that a cat could have so much money; Tinker was moved to a secured house and well taken care of.
8. Trouble Helmsley:
Trouble Helmsley is the name of a dog that was given the surname of its owner and a 12 million dollar bonus at the same time. The case of the dog gained even more attention when the courts declared that the owner Leona Helmsley was in fact mentally disturbed. The dog has lawyers that have defended the case for the dog to retain the fortune against it going to their two grandchildren.
Advertisement
7. Blackie the Cat:
Owned by British man Ben Rea, they left their cat their worth of around 13million USD. The strange thing about it is that they did not leave any of their inheritance to their relatives. The cat lived a life of luxury and spent money helping other less fortunate cats through different cat charities that have become quite a trend with many rich owners of pets.
6. Oprah's Dogs:
Oprah Winfrey is a well known dog lover. They have made their love for their dogs well known to the world and they recently lost one of their dogs. This led them to declare that their entire fortune, estimated at around 30million USD will go to the dogs. Knowing the number of dogs they have, the amount will be split up but how bad could it get with 30 million dollars.
5. The Poodle Toby Rimes:
Toby is a descended heir to a fortune, the ancestor of the dog Ella Wendel had inherited a hug fortune in 1931 from their owner. Apparently the money was well used by the dogs and the family of the dogs as the current estimates for the worth of the dog is more than 90 million dollars.
4. Gigoo the Hen:
The fate that we have in store most chicken is different from what Gigoo the Hen has. After the wife of millionaire Miles Blackwell died, they gave around 10 million pounds to the hen that they owned. A lone member of this exclusive list, Gigoo has the best of what a chicken could ever ask for especially keeping in mind the usual way.
3. Keiko the killer Whale:
Keiko is a unique animal in many ways. The killer whale from Free Willy fame has earned their money instead of inheriting it. They were picked up from a simple theme park and ahs never since looked back. The estimated fortune that they own is around 23 million pounds sterling. Wonder if one could get an autograph from this movie star.
2. Kalu:
Kalu is undoubtedly the richest chimp on the planet with a fortune in excess of 80 million dollars. They were left this fortune by Aussie Olympic swimmer Frank O' Neil. The owner had been quoted as saying that they both had a great relationship which also included a lot of fun with each other. The owner also said that Kalu would regularly steal away beer and cigarettes sometimes, well now they can buy everything they ever wanted and more.
Advertisement
1. Gunther the Fourth:
Gunther is the richest pet in the world with a whopping 400 million almost to their name. They come in line to their father who had inherited the fortune from a German Countess. Their wealth keeps growing as they have properly invested in trust funds and other ways to increase their income. They own a lot of things which includes a villa too.
23,009 files in 115 albums with 0 comments viewed 1,542,272 times print_P00001-P00200
Images P00001 to P00200 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 03, 2014
Album viewed 3939 times print_P00201-P00400
Images P00201 to P00400 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 03, 2014
Album viewed 1889 times print_P00401-P00600
Images P00401 to P00600 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 03, 2014
Album viewed 2715 times print_P00601-P00800
Images P00601 to P00800 from our archive of scanned prints. 201 files, last one added on Sep 03, 2014
Album viewed 2032 times print_P00801-P01000
Images P00801 to P01000 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 03, 2014
Album viewed 1795 times print_P01001-P01200
Images P01001 to P01200 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 05, 2017
Album viewed 912 times print_P01201-P01400
Images P01201 to P01400 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 05, 2017
Album viewed 343 times print_P01401-P01600
Images P01401 to P01600 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Mar 17, 2016
Album viewed 602 times print_P01601-P01800
Images P01601 to P01800 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Mar 17, 2016
Album viewed 736 times print_P01801-P02000
Images P01801 to P02000 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 05, 2017
Album viewed 260 times print_P02001-P02200
Images P02001 to P02200 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Mar 28, 2018
Album viewed 740 times print_P02201-P02400
Images P02201 to P02400 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Mar 17, 2016
Album viewed 560 times print_P02401-P02600
Images P02401 to P02600 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 22, 2016
Album viewed 434 times print_P02601-P02800
Images P02601 to P02800 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 27, 2016
Album viewed 424 times print_P02801-P03000
Images P02801 to P03000 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 27, 2016
Album viewed 404 times print_P03001-P03200
Images P03001 to P03200 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 27, 2016
Album viewed 387 times print_P03201-P03400
Images P03201 to P03400 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Sep 30, 2016
Album viewed 443 times print_P03401-P03600
Images P03401 to P03600 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Dec 02, 2016
Album viewed 414 times print_P03601-P03800
Images P03601 to P03800 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Jan 03, 2017
Album viewed 475 times print_P03801-P04000
Images P03801 to P04000 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Jan 03, 2017
Album viewed 506 times print_P04001-P04200
Images P04001 to P04200 from our archive of scanned prints. 200 files, last one added on Jan 29, 2017
Album viewed 460 times 115 albums on 6 page(s) 1 2 3 4 5 6
Random files
P11453 83 views S class 542 "Bakewell", turntable, Leighton yard. View shows the rear of the tender, ER line.
P16097 13 views QUA class flat top wagon 23098 with a rake of similar wagons having had livestock containers being transferred from standard gauge. A Y class and J class diesel electric locomotives are evident.
T04172 78 views Tracks in Perth Station, view from the "Horseshoe Bridge" looking west. The "Entertainment Centre" in the background
P18220 29 views FS class 423 steam locomotive, front and side view, on ballast train, crossing concrete bridge, running tender first with J class tanker leading, station buildings, goods shed, rolling stock, semaphore signals, LA class hoppers, Balingup, PP line.
In a tweetstorm Friday, Fox News contributor Richard Grenell went after MSNBC's Katy Tur over what they felt was their biased reporting on the recent WikiLeaks email dumps. They also suggested that Tur only got their position due to their relationship with former MSNBC host Keith Olbermann.
The former Romney spokesperson used a tweet from Tur's highlighting the breaking story that Gloria Allred is bringing forth another Donald Trump sexual assault accuser to bring up how they were ignoring the real story of the day.
MSNBC's Tur has no clue about the Breaking News of the smoking gun email found….there's a coverup of the White House's role & she's on > https://t.co/mo9p0GgSnQ — Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) October 14, 2016
After Tur clapped back with their own tweet, Grenell then said it was “offensive” for them to call themselves a journalist and brought up Olbermann.
calling yourself a journalist is offensive to real ones. Did u intern for @KeithOlbermann or date him? Either way doesn't make u a reporter. https://t.co/kiav3MJOyo — Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) October 14, 2016
Tur had a one-word response for Grenell (which they retweeted).
Grenell then sent a number of tweets defending their position, stating it wasn't sexist and that they were merely calling out phony reporting and journalism.
Stop the faux outrage. Nothing sexist about it. Qualifications matter. Journalism is dying. And we are outraged by phony reporters. https://t.co/IDjW4lfuSJ — Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) October 14, 2016
You should be focused on the phony journalists ruining the industry. Aren't you a media reporter?! https://t.co/AtRsNbXSEW — Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) October 14, 2016
. @ParkerMolloy @KatyTurNBC no I didn't. That's ridiculous! You don't get a real journalism job by interning for someone famous. — Richard Grenell (@RichardGrenell) October 14, 2016
Women in the media had some harsh words for Grenell over what they saw as a misogynistic attack on Tur.
My god what is wrong with you https://t.co/uLoBPRh6ID — Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) October 14, 2016
Must be nice to have so much free time to lob misogynistic attacks against women on the Internet. @RichardGrenell needs some new hobbies. https://t.co/zEU1jSuWjE — Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) October 14, 2016
Tur and Olbermann used to date years ago. As Mediaite reported in 2010, the two broke up in 2009.
[image via screengrab]
–
Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter: @justinbaragona
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Epic Games has become a main sponsor of the Blender Development Fund, donating €10,000 (around $13,500) to improve Blender's FBX export capabilities, according to Blender Foundation chairperson Ton Roosendaal.
In a post on the Unreal Engine forum, Epic Games engine support technician Alexander Paschall added:
“We are trying to get a solid pipeline for exporting from Blender to UE4. So far things are going really well and we hope to see some cool stuff in the near future.”
Blender: also backed by Valve and Chaos Group
The news makes Epic the second major games developer to fund Blender's development: Valve backed the fund earlier this year for work on general “game=artist-related topics” – again, including FBX.
Alongside well-known names in the Blender community, other notable contributors to the fund include Vlado Koylazov of Chaos Group, which recently made V-Ray for Blender an official company product.
See a list of donors to the Blender Development Fund
Tags: backing, Blender, Blender Development Fund, Chaos Group. V-Ray, donation, Epic Games, FBX, funding, support, Unreal Engine, Unreal Engine 4, Valve
In the end you'd get something like this if you were doing ok. Thats why the pommel was left barely hanging. In the end you'd get something like this if you were doing ok. Thats why the pommel was left barely hanging.
This is roughly as far as you can get without latex, but unlike latex weapons this takes 15 min. to make so its eventual loss would hardly be mourned.
And it certainly does not compare to these:
In the previous tutorial on larp knives shown here , we described to get an easy to make soft knife. This is good for a beginner, but giving it a bit more time and more attention to detail can go a long way.Here I'll show you how with some extra work you can get a good looking weapon, not just a functional one.Materials: a pair of flip flops- I picked biggest available, made from a sturdier foam. Yeah I had to buy them, I don't have that many old pairs just lying around. Various tapes, glue, a bit of pipe foam, a strip of leather - got it from an old fake leather belt - you can improvise here. Glue.Tools: scissors, paper knife.A hidden blade, backup or a boot knife. Since it lacks a hard core don't try to use it in open fights as a parrying dagger unless you don't care much about your knuckles.Depending(literally) on the density of the flip flops you pick for the core, it can fly quite well - at least the one I made now is just heavy enough to fly very decently as a throwing knife with range of 5-10m.And here we go.First things first - with the paper knife and scissors - shape the blade of the knife. Give it a real edge.When you are done, wrap the knife blade, its time to do the handle piece next.Mostly even...I could have done better if I'd picked a sharper knife.Now its time to get the handle ready. First cut off a piece of foam for the knife pommel.Then start wrapping the handle in duct-tape. I also added a small bit for a guard again.Now the handle is wrapped in tape and the pommel is attached, but only loosely - don't wrap it fully just yet - you will see why.Next take the leather strip, get some glue on it and start wrapping it around the handle.Finally, wrap the two ends of the handle in duct tape again to secure the leather and the pommel andwe are done. The only thing I could have done better was the sharpening of the blade, but I do have some ideas how to do that part better.
Army offensive coordinator Brent Davis has emerged as a leading candidate for the open Georgia Southern head coaching job, sources told FootballScoop Monday.
Davis, who also coaches the offensive line for the Black Knights, has an intimate knowledge of the triple option and the Georgia Southern program. Davis served as the offensive coordinator and offensive line coach at Georgia Southern from 2010-13 before following Eagles head coach Jeff Monken north to West Point after the '13 seasons. The Eagles racked up a 38-16 record and reached three FCS semifinals during those seasons.
Davis also served as the running backs coach and offensive line coach at Georgia Southern from 1997-05, working alongside Monken for five of those seasons and under head coaches Paul Johnson and Mike Sewak.
An Athens native, Davis started their college career as a tight end at The Citadel before transferring to Georgia and earning a spot on the Academic All-SEC Honor Roll. Davis's wife, Jen, is a Georgia Southern graduate.
At Army, Davis has helped Army rack up a 15-7 mark over the past two seasons — the program's best run in two decades, which includes the snapping of a 14-game losing streak to Navy. The Black Knights rushed for 4,212 yards in 13 games, the second most in program history, and are on pace to rush for a program-record 4,751 yards this season.
Army beat Air Force 21-0 on Saturday without attempting a pass.
Georgia Southern is 0-8 this season and dismissed Tyson Summers on Oct. 22 after compiling a 5-13 record in one and a half seasons. The 0-8 Eagles conclude their season Dec. 2 at Coastal Carolina.
Sources tell FootballScoop several other candidates have been vetted internally and discussions have been held with more than just Davis.
As always, stay tuned to The Scoop for the latest.
IndyCar's president of competition and operations Jay Frye told Motorsport.com on Saturday that one of IndyCar's two head protection solutions for 2018/19 is very similar to the F1 Shield.
The F1 version is due to test at Silverstone next week on a Ferrari, and several IndyCar drivers have swung their weight behind the idea.
Power told Motorsport.com: “It absolutely looks like the right idea for us. Absolutely.
“So if the testing shows it works from the vision point of view, there's absolutely no reason not to run it on the cars. I mean, I think it's an absolute must-do.
“If we can get it the right height for a driver to be looking through it, and not over it, then I think we've gotta go with it. There's no reason not to.
"You can see it's still going to be fine for when drivers have to get out of the car themselves after an accident. So yeah, we need to do it.”
Hinchcliffe said: “I think it's the future, I truly do. Right from the get-go when we were shown the renderings of something similar on an IndyCar, I think we all liked it.
“It's functional, it's sleek, and it's safer. I mean, look back at the IndyCars of the 1980s and you'll see they had flexi windshields for the drivers to look through but this version is a lot more functional and, frankly, cooler-looking!
“I'm obviously saying this before the testing starts, but I think it should be applicable to all types of track; we wouldn't need different ones according to oval or road/street coruse. I'm no engineer but I think it should work.
The Schmidt Peterson Motorsports driver added: “It's a great solution and the way forward. It would have saved me from that concussion on the Indy roadcourse in 2014, when I got a wing endplate right in the forehead.”
Chip Ganassi Racing's Kimball and Chilton were similarly enthused.
“That looks about right,” said Kimball. “The hard part will be places like Iowa, Texas and even Pocono where you have steep banking, to make sure there isn't too much transition between looking through the shield and not.
"I think the shape will be fine though, because it's what they do on fighter jets and they don't get too much distortion.
“I think IndyCar should go this route – it's the best one for us, because it's still an open-cockpit car, but with better aerodynamics, and a windshield. It's just an IndyCar with a bigger taller windshield.
“The other idea I like is that once you have a windshield like that, it gives you the option of running heads-up displays, which would be massively cool.”
Said Chilton: “As soon as I saw it I liked it. It's not going to save you from everything – like Newgarden's shunt at Texas last year, for example.
"But it is reducing the dangers that you have less control of, the unsighted ones, like maybe the Henry Surtees accident [in Formula 2, 2009]. It will deflect debris flying straight at your head and that's really important.
“We'll wait and see what's said by whoever tests it, because we don't want to affect our vision too much. But if someone tells you it affects vision by five percent but improves safety by a lot more, then it's the way forward, isn't it?
“The other thing I was thinking is that I think it will push the technology for how to keep glass clean, make it more water repellent and so on. It's definitely the best solution I've seen for an open-wheel car.”
LONDON: India's most wanted terrorist Dawood Ibrahim remains the only "Indian national" on an updated list of financial sanctions released by the UK which also listed 21 aliases for the underworld don.The mafia boss appears on the UK Treasury department 's 'Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets in the UK' updated on Monday, with three recorded addresses in Pakistan, where they are reportedly based. Kaskar Dawood Ibrahim " is recorded to have lived at: House No 37, 30th Street - Defence Housing Authority, Karachi, Pakistan; Noorabad, Karachi, Pakistan (Palatial bungalow in the hilly area); and White House, Near Saudi Mosque, Clifton, Karachi, Pakistan.A fourth address on record until last year - House no.29, Margalla Road, F 6/2 Street no.22, Karachi, Pakistan - is no longer part of the records.Dawood Ibrahim is the main accused in the 1993 serial bomb blasts case in Mumbai in which around 260 people were killed, and more than 700 suffered injuries. They fled the country post the bombings and is understood to be hiding in Pakistan. Pakistan has repeatedly denied their presence in the country.His place of birth is recorded as Kher, Ratnagiri, Maharashtra, and their nationality is listed as "Indian" with a recorded Indian passport which was subsequently revoked by the government of India and then goes on to list a string of Indian and Pakistani passports acquired by them and misused."Father's name is Sheikh Ibrahim Ali Kaskar, Mother's name is Amina Bi, Wife's name is Mehjabeen Shaikh. Also referred to as Hizrat and Mucchad," the listing on Ibrahim, first made on November 7, 2003, notes.The listing also records 21 aliases used by Ibrahim: Abdul, Shaikh, Ismail; Abdul Aziz, Abdul Hamid; Abdul Rehman, Shaikh, Mohd, Ismail; Anis, Ibrahim, Shaikh, Mohd; Bhai, Bada; Bhai, Dawood; Bhai, Iqbal; Dilip, Aziz; Ebrahim, Dawood; Farooqi, Sheikh; Hasan, Kaskar, Dawood; Hassan, Dawood; Ibrahim, Anis; Ibrahim, Dowood, Hassan, Shaikh; Kaskar, Daud, Hasan, Shaikh, Ibrahim; Kaskar, Daud, Ibrahim, Memon; Kaskar, Dawood, Hasan, Ibrahim; Memon, Dawood, Ibrahim; Sabri, Dawood; Sahab, Haji; and Seth, Bada.The financial sanctions list also included organisations such as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), Khalistan Zindabad Force and Hizbul Mujahideen.A series of affiliates of 'al-Qaida' and the 'Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant' are also recorded on the list.Financial sanctions in force could apply to individuals, entities and governments who may be resident in the UK or abroad.The measures include prohibiting the transfer of funds to a sanctioned country and freezing the assets of a government, the corporate entities and residents of the target country to targeted asset freezes on individuals/entities.Certain financial sanctions may also prohibit providing or performing other financial services, such as insurance, to designated individuals or governments.It is a criminal offence to breach a financial sanction, without an appropriate licence or authorisation from the UK Treasury.
The Pittsburgh Penguins Are The Anti-Canadiens, And The Ottawa Senators Better Be Ready by Jared Crozier
Without a doubt, from the moment that the Penguins beat the Islanders in overtime of game 6 on Saturday night, one of the first things that came to mind for many was the Matt Cooke factor. TSN immediately flashed back to Feb 13 when the incident happened involving Cooke's skate and Erik Karlsson's Achilles tendon.
Well, the Senators better put that to rest first thing. I would suggest a moratorium on medial questions involving Cooke and any look for revenge or payback, at least during the next two weeks. Just like the Canadiens got wrapped up in the Lars Eller saga and it took their minds off the task at hand, the Senators will need all of their focus on the action on the ice and containing the Penguins' explosive offense if they want to have a chance to knock off the #1 seed.
The Penguins are beatable, but it is going to take a focused, intense effort to do so. The Senators have shown the ability to battle and not get counted out. Cooke will no doubt be out there to stir some up, but Ottawa cannot let them get into their heads at any point.
If they still feel the need to exact some measure of revenge, I am sure Cooke will still be in the league next year, much to the chagrin of many.
After all, if the victim of the accident/incident can brush it aside, who can't?
Liverpool's Dejan Lovren is the subject of a perjury investigation in their native Croatia, reports say. Cem Ozdel/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
Croatian prosecutors have opened an investigation on Liverpool defender Dejan Lovren for suspicion of providing false testimony, according to reports in Croatia.
It is part of the trial for former Dinamo Zagreb director Zdravko Mamic, who has been charged with embezzlement and tax fraud.
The reports say that an annex was signed in a contract that entitled Lovren to 50 percent of the compensation of their transfer from Dinamo Zagreb to French side Lyon in 2010.
As part of their testimony, Lovren claimed the annex was inserted before their transfer to Lyon, but prosecutors have alleged, based on evidence, that the annex was signed after the defender's move and then backdated.
Lovren first gave statements to the Croatian State Prosecutor's Office for the Suppression of Organized Crime and Corruption (USKOK) during an investigation and then had to testify again in the court once charges against Mamic were raised.
Lovren is reported to have changed their statement they gave to USKOK from one that damaged Mamic to one that benefited the 58-year-old in the court.
Explaining the difference in their statements to USKOK and to the court, Lovren told the court: "My brain stopped because my daughter was having an operation."
At the beginning of September, during three and a half hours of testimony at the Osijek County Court, Lovren said they "did not remember" answers to numerous questions.
In June, it was revealed Real Madrid's Luka Modric is also under investigation for allegedly giving a false statement to a court about their 2008 move from Dinamo to Tottenham Hotspur as part of the same trial.
Modric's mother-in-law, Vesna Juraic, who was head of accounting at Dinamo and arranged the midfielder's bookkeeping at the time, is also suspected of giving false testimony.
Liverpool declined to comment, while Lovren's agent did not respond to a request for comment.
Aleksandar Holiga contributed to this report for ESPN FC.
Data processing workflows in non-targeted analysis (NTA) and suspect screening analysis (SSA) routinely identify a small percentage (often <5%) of likely chemical compounds in environmental samples [1, 2]. Improvements in compound identification can enhance exposure assessment, especially when the use of confirmation standards is not practical or possible (at the “tentative” or “probable” degrees of certainty [3, 4, 5]). Online reference databases can be useful for identifying “known unknowns” by searching intrinsic properties, specifically molecular formula and monoisotopic mass, and rank-ordering by the number of associated references or data sources [6, 7]. In this process, the most likely candidate “known unknowns,” which are those compounds unknown to a researcher but known in a reference dataset or resource, are elevated to the top of a search results list. Researchers have previously reported that the freely available chemical database ChemSpider (http://www.chemspider.com/) [8, 9] proved more useful than the Chemical Abstract Service (CAS) RegistrySM when identifying known unknowns, with a key distinction of ChemSpider being the ability to search by monoisotopic mass [7]. Since this initial work, additional studies have reported using ChemSpider (among other databases) to support structure identification [10, 11, 12, 13]. However, to enhance compound identification strategies, calls have also increased for improvements to open reference databases and analysis workflows (including “one-pass analysis”), and for public sharing of mass spectral data [2, 10, 11, 14].
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA) is developing a public resource for computational chemistry, toxicology, and exposure research efforts. This freely available resource, known as the CompTox Chemistry Dashboard (https://comptox.epa.gov/dashboard; hereafter referred to as the Dashboard), is part of a suite of databases and applications developed by the National Center for Computational Toxicology (https://www.epa.gov/aboutepa/about-national-center-computational-toxicology-ncct), and integrates data from the Distributed Structure-Searchable Toxicity (DSSTox) database (DSSTox_v2) [15]. The underlying database has been expanded, with an emphasis on curation and characterizing data quality, to include hundreds of thousands of chemicals. Recent efforts have involved incorporating specific search tools into the Dashboard to benefit NTA. The Dashboard's current utilities include the ability to search a reference database of ∼720,000 chemicals by monoisotopic mass and molecular formula. In this research, we evaluated the effectiveness of the Dashboard in the identification of known unknowns, comparing results against those from the de facto freely available online database for mass spectrometry based structure identification, ChemSpider, using the same method of rank-ordering of associated references or data sources reported by Little et al. [7]. Determining the utility of the Dashboard relative to the current standard of freely available chemistry databases will benefit future research applications both within the US EPA and the scientific community as a whole by highlighting the effectiveness of tools designed for NTA users with a new, highly curated chemical reference database.
Touhou Suzunaan ( Bell Hermitage ) ~ Forbidden Scrollery (東方鈴奈庵 ～ Forbidden Scrollery) is a Touhou official comic published by Kadokawa in Comp Ace from October 26, 2012 to July 26, 2017. The story is written by ZUN, with illustrations by Moe Harukawa (春河もえ). It introduces the human book renter and collector Kosuzu Motoori as the main character residing at a library called Suzunaan, with the story centered around their mysterious ability to decipher any book no matter the language or script, and their assortment of various rare and dangerous demon books.
The title refers to the name of the library Kosuzu works at, and also contains the kanji 鈴(suzu), which is part of their name.
Read it! [ edit ]
Read online (complete) [ edit ]
MangaDex: Touhou Suzunaan ~ Forbidden Scrollery.
Released by Alpha Beta Kappa (Clarste, et al.), last 2 chapters by Etarnity Lurvers.
FS Vol 1-5
Compilation of Volume 1 - 5.
Download
Authorized translation [ edit ]
In 2017 Forbidden Scrollery has been licensed for an English translation by YenPress LLC, making it the first official ZUN work to receive this kind of treatment. It is being translated by Alethea Nibley and Athena Nibley, and lettered by Alexis Eckerman. The series is available as retail and digital versions from most major book outlets, such as Barnes and Noble, Bookwalker and Comixology.
Release list:
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 1 (March 26, 2013) [ edit ]
Chapter One: The Rare Book of Illusion (October 26, 2012)
Chapter Two: December Youkai Extermination (Part 1) (November 26, 2012)
Chapter Three: December Youkai Extermination (Part 2) (December 26, 2012)
Chapter Four: Privately Published Night Parade Scroll (Part 1) (January 26, 2013)
Chapter Five: Privately Published Night Parade Scroll (Part 2) (February 26, 2013)
Vol. 1 Bonus Chapter - A Youkai Fairy Tale
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 2 (February 20, 2014) [ edit ]
Chapter Six: The Requirements for Raising a Rare Beast (Part 1) (April 26, 2013)
Chapter Seven: The Requirements for Raising a Rare Beast (Part 2) (May 25, 2013)
Chapter Eight: The Inari's Hood (Part 1) (June 26, 2013)
Chapter Nine: The Inari's Hood (Part 2) (July 26, 2013)
Chapter Ten: Traditional Performing Arts of Darkness (Part 1) (August 26, 2013)
Chapter Eleven: Traditional Performing Arts of Darkness (Part 2) (September 26, 2013)
Chapter Twelve: The Aftermath of the Miracle Mallet (Part 1) (October 26, 2013)
Chapter Thirteen: The Aftermath of the Miracle Mallet (Part 2) (November 26, 2013)
Vol. 2 Bonus Material
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 3 (December 26, 2014) [ edit ]
Chapter Fourteen: The Short-Lived Seven Wonders (Part 1) (December 26, 2013)
Chapter Fifteen: The Short-Lived Seven Wonders (Part 2) (February 26, 2014)
Chapter Sixteen: The Shady Love Letter (Part 1) (March 26, 2014)
Chapter Seventeen: The Shady Love Letter (Part 2) (April 26, 2014)
Chapter Eighteen: The Skeptical Book Renter (Part 1) (May 26, 2014)
Chapter Nineteen: The Skeptical Book Renter (Part 2) (June 26, 2014)
Chapter Twenty: Rodent-Infested Summer (Part 1) (July 26, 2014)
Chapter Twenty One: Rodent-Infested Summer (Part 2) (August 26, 2014)
Vol. 3 Bonus Material
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 4 (August 10, 2015) [ edit ]
Chapter Twenty Two: Tobacco, the Tanuki, and the Dine-and-Dasher (Part 1) (October 26, 2014)
Chapter Twenty Three: Tobacco, the Tanuki, and the Dine-and-Dasher (Part 2) (December 26, 2014)
Chapter Twenty Four: Unattributed Words Are Easily Stolen (Part 1) (January 26, 2015)
Chapter Twenty Five: Unattributed Words Are Easily Stolen (Part 2) (February 26, 2015)
Chapter Twenty Six: Kokkuri Scatters with the Cherry Blossoms (Part 1) (March 26, 2015)
Chapter Twenty Seven: Kokkuri Scatters with the Cherry Blossoms (Part 2) (April 26, 2015)
Chapter Twenty Eight: The Kappa's Grimoire (Part 1) (May 26, 2015)
Chapter Twenty Nine: The Kappa's Grimoire (Part 2) (June 26, 2015)
Vol. 4 Bonus Material
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 5 (April 26, 2016) [ edit ]
Chapter Thirty: Is the Bull's Head Somewhere Out There? (Part 1) (July 26, 2015)
Chapter Thirty One: Is the Bull's Head Somewhere Out There? (Part 2) (August 26, 2015)
Chapter Thirty Two: Rulers of the Truth (Part 1) (September 26, 2015)
Chapter Thirty Three: Rulers of the Truth (Part 2) (October 26, 2015)
Chapter Thirty Four: Who's Spreading Demagogy? (Part 1) (November 26, 2015)
Chapter Thirty Five: Who's Spreading Demagogy? (Part 2) (December 26, 2015)
Chapter Thirty Six: The Drunken Horse Bush Appearing in the Human Village (Part 1) (January 26, 2016)
Chapter Thirty Seven: The Drunken Horse Bush Appearing in the Human Village (Part 2) (February 26, 2016)
Vol. 5 Bonus Material
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 6 (December 10, 2016) [ edit ]
Chapter Thirty Eight: Are the Lords of Information Gathered? Or Scattered? (Part 1) (March 26, 2016)
Chapter Thirty Nine: Are the Lords of Information Gathered? Or Scattered? (Part 2) (April 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty: Is This All the Work of Youkai Too? (Part 1) (May 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty One: Is This All the Work of Youkai Too? (Part 2) (June 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty Two: One Hundred Ghost Stories for Humans and Youkai (Part 1) (July 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty Three: One Hundred Ghost Stories for Humans and Youkai (Part 2) (August 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty Four: Let's Not Go Out On Purple Days (Part 1) (September 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty Five: Let's Not Go Out On Purple Days (Part 2) (October 26, 2016)
Special Edition Artbook
Music CD
Forbidden Scrollery Vol. 7 (September 25, 2017) [ edit ]
Chapter Forty Six: Hieda no Akyu's Philosophy (Part 1) (December 26, 2016)
Chapter Forty Seven: Hieda no Akyu's Philosophy (Part 2) (January 26, 2017)
Chapter Forty Eight: Kosuzu Motoori's Conflict (Part 1) (February 25, 2017)
Chapter Forty Nine: Kosuzu Motoori's Conflict (Part 2) (March 26, 2017)
Chapter Fifty: Reimu Hakurei's Miscalculation (Part 1) (April 26, 2017)
Chapter Fifty One: Reimu Hakurei's Miscalculation (Part 2) (May 26, 2017)
Chapter Fifty Two: Yukari Yakumo's Peace (Part 1) (June 26, 2017)
Chapter Fifty Three: Yukari Yakumo's Peace (Part 2) (July 26, 2017)
Press [ edit ]
A preview for the manga was announced in the November issue of Comp Ace, stating that Forbidden Scrollery would begin serialization in the upcoming December issue. ZUN posted a small picture of the page on their Twitter account on September 25, along with an announcement that the story would be a new one.
Chapter 4's title page revealed that the first tankobon volume of Forbidden Scrollery would be released on March 26, 2013.
FILE PHOTO - Baidu's company logo is seen at its headquarters in Beijing December 17, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese search engine giant Baidu and Shouqi Limousine & Chauffeur, a car-hailing operator, are joining up to develop driverless vehicles, the official Xinhua media service reported on Saturday.
Baidu (BIDU.O) will provide Shouqi with its Baidu Map service, while Shouqi will help Baidu develop high-precision maps for self-driving cars.
Baidu will also offer software and hardware to help the new vehicles navigate using artificial intelligence technology.
The Chinese internet company is trying to reshape its business around AI and autonomous driving, a strategy that has raised concerns among some investors.
Shouqi Limousine & Chauffeur, a subsidiary of the state-owned Shouqi group, operates in more than 50 cities in China.
Baidu recently signed an agreement with BAIC Group to mass produce level 4 autonomous vehicles by 2021​. It is targeting mass production of autonomous buses with King Long by 2018​.
How a transfer works - from the scouting to the signing
Sky Sports lifts the lid on how a transfer happens
The summer transfer window has become a frenzy of excitement and impatience, a three-month stretch where titles and survival can be decided before a ball is kicked.
But the business of transfer dealings remains out of reach for fans, a guessing game where transparency is close to nothing.
So, how does it work?
From the scouting to the signing, we take you through the anatomy of a transfer, told by those on the inside...
The scouting
A manager's success can hinge on their scouts, and the process is not taken lightly. While the time between an approach for a player and them signing can be days, everything that goes before can take months, even years.
"Scouts are out there in all weathers, at all times,” says Michael Calvin, author of The Nowhere Men, the story of football's talent spotters. "The ones at 1am driving down the M1 with a pork pie in one hand and the wheel in the other. They get 40p a mile, that's all."
The first episode in the Art of Scouting series focuses on an introduction to scouting The first episode in the Art of Scouting series focuses on an introduction to scouting
Speaking on The Footballers' Football Show in 2013, Calvin revealed how David Moyes would want 50 lengthy reports on top targets written between 10 and 12 scouts while at Everton.
"Moyes has what they call their 'MOT checklist' which is up to about 12 criteria for each position in an optimum situation," Calvin said. "He has around about 5,000 reports on about 1,000 players."
A game of Football Manager this is not. Footballing ability comes first but is sometimes only half the reason a player is approached, and scouts have been known to bin a recommendation purely on poor body language in a warm-up or when celebrating a goal.
MK Dons boss Karl Robinson told Sky Bet's Art of Scouting series: "There's no good scout who has only watched 10 games and knows what they're doing, I can promise you that.
"I trust them myself to do the large parts of it, and I just go to the end and hopefully tick the boxes."
The Monday Night Football team take a manager's-eye view
A Premier League club will have around 10 to 15 scouts in total, but a chief scout's bond with the manager will be as strong as any at the club during transfer activity, a clear shared vision of what they are looking for, the same common goal.
Thousands of miles, thousands of games, thousands not fitting the bill. Is there an easier way?
Most clubs use statistical databases parallel to a pool of scouts; Prozone, WyScout, Scout7, DataScout, even a souped-up version of Football Manager, but will computers ever fully replace pen, paper and a scout pass?
West Brom scout Mel Johnson told the Art of Scouting series: "You must go to games, you must have gut instinct, you cannot have that watching a game on a laptop, it is impossible."
Even camera views can influence perception, as Sky Sports' Gary Neville explained to Graham Hunter in their Big Interview: "A lot of people watch the game, but don't see the game.
"When we do Monday Night Football, we use the boot room camera, the bird's-eye view of the pitch. That's how a manager would look at the game."
MK Dons manager Karl Robinson puts huge trust in their scouts
The enquiry
Scouts utilised, player targeted. What next? More digging. "We phone the manager and ask, we get a background on him, we phone an agent and find out what their personality is like," says Dons' boss Robinson.
The agent and the player will be aware of a club's interest long before an offer goes in; rarely in modern football does a bid surprise player and public in equal measure.
World in Motion agent James Lippett says: "The buying club will always want to know they have a chance of doing the deal, otherwise they will look stupid.
"The conversation with the agent usually goes: 1) What is the player going to cost? 2) How long is left on their contract? 3) What does the player want to earn? 4) What do they currently earn? and 5) What is their family and personal situation?"
Old-time visions of a club secretary receiving a letter-headed document from a fax machine with a money offer are wide of the mark, says Lippett.
"There will normally be three or four bids done very simply by e-mail," they add. "The opening bid will be rejected in 99.9 per cent of cases. The second gets closer, and then one or two final bids. It's like a game of poker."
Raheem Sterling's move from Liverpool to Manchester City was the saga of the window so far
The player talks
Bid in, bid accepted: player Y nears club X. Except they are nowhere near.
Modern ‘personal terms' are much more than salary, and even the slightest disagreement can throw a deal off.
While managers do the football talk, chiefs, owners and directors of football often do the money talk; the basics include wages, signing on fees, and bonuses such as wins, goals and clean sheets, but beyond that players and agents can demand anything and everything.
As of April, anyone can become an agent. Just pass with £500, go through an FA security check and you are registered. There are thought to be over 1,300 in the UK to account for around 4,000 professional players, but many new agents have no clients.
Newcomers hope for a slice of football's financial growth, but a diluted market means only the top 10 per cent earn big money, with the rest fighting for leftovers.
But for those facilitating regular, big deals, the role is rounded.
"What car is the player going to get?" says Lippett. "If a player moves from overseas, there could be a relocation allowance. But occasionally players will ask for help and advice for schooling and all sorts too."
A footballer's career is transient, and players and agents will understandably attempt to get the most out of clubs while being the aide for both club and client.
Barry Fry, director of football at Peterborough United, has another view.
Barry Fry: "You're not going to become a millionaire when you come to Peterborough, but you will when you leave us."
"Agents' initial demands are outrageous," they say. "Some of the agents have never even seen their client kick a ball, which is a disgrace.
"They're not interested in their development, only in what they can get themselves [agents tend to take five per cent commission, though earlier this year new FIFA regulations recommended a three per cent cap].
"We say to players: 'You're not going to become a millionaire when you come to Peterborough, but you will when you leave us.' I think plenty of Premier League managers have said similar to players they are trying to sign."
That much-criticised opt for a giant leap over baby steps works for some players and not others. Arsenal's nurturing of then-teenage pair Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been successful, yet plenty have warned John Stones they are better off at Everton.
Theo Walcott was 16 when they joined Arsenal, while Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was just a year older
The reality is often this: players back themselves to reach the top quickly, a trait that makes them 'young talent' in the first place.
According to Lippett, demands and ambition differ hugely depending on their success to date, and understandably so.
"If a player is successful and very wealthy already, the personal side is paramount," they say. "If the player hasn't had a break financially, or hasn't been successful, the finance can be the most important thing. The ambition and logistics can be secondary.
"Lots of players live in one city and travel hours to another city for training. A lot of footballers do lead quite solitary and lonely lives, you can find yourself moving overnight. That's the type of thing people don't really see."
The clauses and confirmation
Personal terms done, but there are still stumbling blocks. The release clause is now more a part of the footballing vocabulary than ever, but what is its purpose?
Take Pedro's reported former release clause of £135m at Barcelona, now £22m, or Fabian Delph's £8m getaway upon signing a new contract at Aston Villa. They are in place to protect the player, club, or both.
Beyond that, contract clauses can be weird and wonderful. Upon signing for Sunderland, Buzz Aldrin enthusiast and Swedish midfielder Stefan Schwarz was banned from going into space for safety reasons after one of their advisers got a place on a commercial flight to the outer atmosphere in 1999, while Harry Redknapp reportedly advised Crystal Palace to put a 'weight restriction clause' on Neil Ruddock in 2000.
Pedro's release clause was reportedly over £100m, but is now just £22m
Not straightforward, and neither is the medical. With more money comes a more rigorous process, but the aim is to identify a hidden injury or weakness that could turn a club's millions into a dormant squad player.
But players can fail a medical and get their move. Dominic Matteo signed for Leeds from Liverpool in 2000 for nearly £5m despite failing a medical, while Stuart Pearce told Sky Sports about a refreshing case involving one of their former players.
"We gave them a medical and the doctor said their ankles and knees were suspect, their groins weren't very good, blood tests not good, slight heart murmur.
"I said: 'Is there anything good you can say?' The doctor said: 'He's got a lovely set of teeth.'
"But they joined us and promised: 'If I'm not available, I won't get paid that week.' They backed themselves and was rarely unfit. If all players did that, they'd be a lot fitter."
With riches behind him, Manuel Pellegrini's recruitment success has been scrutinized
Medical done, and all that is left is to send the paperwork relating to the transfer to the competitions and FA before deadlines. Press release, social media and club shirt at the ready, and the player is signed.
Premier League clubs signed on average eight players during last summer's window. Repeating the above process eight times – the stalling, complications and rejections to boot – leaves little time for a mental recharge.
The riches are plentiful, the pressures even more so, and the managers and clubs who get recruitment right more often than not deserve huge credit. Playing the transfer market is not a game of pin the tail on the donkey.
In their 564-page World Report 2009, Human Rights Watch reviews the human rights practices around the globe, summarizing major human rights issues in more than 90 countries.
The report documents ongoing human rights abuses by states and non-state armed groups across the globe, including attacks on civilians in conflicts in Afghanistan, Colombia, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Georgia, Israel, the Occupied Palestinian Territories, Somalia, Sri Lanka, and Sudan, and political repression in countries such as Burma, China, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan, and Zimbabwe.
It also highlights violations by governments trying to curb terrorism, including in France, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
The report also addresses abuses against women, children, refugees, workers, gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people, among others.
The human rights crisis in Gaza, where hundreds of civilians have been killed in fighting between Israel and Hamas, underscores the need for concerted international attention to the rights abuses that plague today's armed conflicts, Human Rights Watch said. (Full)
An extract of the annual report:
Governments that care about human rights worldwide retain enough clout to build a broad coalition to fight repression—if they are willing to use it.
Instead, these governments have largely abandoned the field. Succumbing to competing interests and credibility problems of their own making, they have let themselves be outmaneuvered and sidelined in UN venues such as the Security Council and the Human Rights Council, and in the policy debates that shape multilateral diplomacy toward Burma, Darfur, Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe, and other trouble spots.
For the United States, that withdrawal is the logical consequence of the Bush administration's decision to combat terrorism without regard to the basic rights not to be subjected to torture, “disappearance,” or detention without trial.
Against that backdrop, Washington's periodic efforts to discuss rights have been undercut by justifiable accusations of hypocrisy. Reversing that ugly record must be a first priority for the new administration of Barack Obama if the US government is to assume a credible leadership role on human rights.
Washington's frequent abdication has often forced the European Union to act on its own. Sometimes it has done so admirably, such as after the Russia-Georgia conflict, when its deployment of monitors eased tensions and helped protect civilians, or in eastern Chad, where it sent 3,300 troops as part of a UN civilian protection mission.
But the EU did a poor job of projecting its influence more broadly, to places like Burma, Somalia, or the Democratic Republic of Congo. It often sought to avoid the political fallout of doing nothing by hiding behind a cumbersome EU decision-making process that favors inaction. Moreover, its frequent reluctance to stand up to the Bush administration in protest against abusive counterterrorism policies opened the EU to charges of double standards that poisoned the global debate on human rights and made it easier for spoilers to prevail. (Full)
Picture courtesy Patrick Andre Perron
More on The Road about human rights
CAPE TOWN – Proteas star JP Duminy will in future only be seen on a cricket field in coloured clothing after retiring from Test and first-class cricket on Friday evening. Speaking exclusively to Independent Media, Duminy outlined their future plans.
“I certainly know that my playing career is far from over, and my hope is that with the backing of Cricket South Africa, the WSB Cape Cobras, teammates, family, friends and supporters, I will be given the opportunity to continue to give my very best to the sport that I love dearly,” Duminy said.
“But after a long and careful deliberation, I have decided to retire from first-class and Test-match cricket with immediate effect.
“I have thoroughly enjoyed the privilege and opportunity to represent my country in 46 Tests and the Cape Cobras in 108 first-class matches over the last 16 years.”
Duminy has been one of the senior players in the Proteas Test squads in recent times after making their debut back in 2008 against Australia.
The maiden series Down Under was the stage for Duminy's career highlights, with the classy left-hander striking an unbeaten half-century on debut at the Waca in Perth before following it up with a magical 166 in the second Test at the MCG.
Duminy will continue to play one-day and T20 cricket for the Cobras and Proteas, while they will also lead the Cape Town Knight Riders in the inaugural T20 Global League this season.
Duminy's last Test was the series opener against England at Lord's earlier this year, when the Proteas were defeated by 211 runs.
@ZaahierAdams
IOL Sport
What a strange coincidence.
You know the expression "Where's there's smoke, there's fire?" Yeah, that doesn't quite capture what's going on with the Trump administration. It implies that there could be any doubt about the existence of said fire. Like it presupposes a situation where you see a lot of smoke and you think to yourself, "What the hell is going on there?" A more accurate expression for the Trump administration would be, "You know that giant fire that's the size of multiple city blocks? Where there's one of those, there's a fire." Is it redundant? Maybe. Is it obvious? Yes. But that's why it's the perfect for Donald Trump and company. Their corruption has been so obvious that you must repeat yourself to talk about it. The latest scandal to rock the most scandalous administration in over a century has top Trump campaign staffers pushing Russian propaganda in the days leading up to the 2016 election.
The propaganda originated from the now-defunct, but then-popular Twitter account @Ten_GOP. The account claimed to be representing a group of Tennessee Republicans, but this week it's been revealed that in reality it was a run by a group backed by the Russian government to spread disinformation. But according to The Daily Beast, many in Trump world seemed to be huge fans of the account.
Two days before election day, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway tweeted a post by @Ten_GOP regarding Hillary Clinton's email. “Mother of jailed sailor: 'Hold Hillary to same standards as my son on Classified info' #hillarysemail #WeinerGate” the tweet reads. ... President Trump's son Donald Trump Jr. followed the account until its closure on August 23rd of this year. Trump Jr. retweeted the account three times, including an allegation of voter fraud in Florida one week before the election. “BREAKING: #VoterFraud by counting tens of thousands of ineligible mail in Hillary votes being reported in Broward County, Florida Please, RT,” the tweet read.
Am I saying that they were absolutely, positively aware they were sharing Russian propaganda? No. Twitter is a place where you can never be positive about whom the people you're talking to actually are. But, we do know that this is a campaign that had many, many on the quiet meetings with Russian officials. We know this is a campaign that was aware that the Kremlin was actively trying to help them win.
So I don't think it's totally unfair to say that there's a possibility that this was knowingly done. Why should we give this group of all groups the benefit of the doubt? What have they done to deserve that? Is it the way they've constantly lied about their meetings with Russia, only to change their stories as soon as they're caught? Or is it the way they refuse to criticize Russia while feeling totally fine criticizing the American media at every turn?
Watch Now:
By Guest author
In the Netherlands, online consultations by the government have been concluded on far-reaching proposals that foresee the expansion of surveillance powers of the intelligence services and the creation of new surveillance powers for the tax authorities (“Wet op de inlichtingen- en veiligheidsdiensten” and “Concept-Besluit Bijzondere vergaring nummergegevens telecommunicatie”). If proposed and enacted into law, they will severely threaten fundamental rights to privacy, freedom of assembly and association, as well as the right to fair trial, religion and free speech.
A few proposals from each draft law:
Intelligence services will be authorised to, using a technical aid, wiretap, receive, record and listen to any form of telecommunications or data transfer via a computerised system.
Intelligence services can compel anyone to help decrypt data, conversations, telecommunications or data transfers.
Dragnet surveillance of all telecommunications as well as wholesale gathering of metadata, including location data, will be introduced.
The intelligence services will be granted the ability to break into computers of third parties, including non-suspects, to be able to monitor actual targets, without safeguards for fundamental rights or even acknowledging the potential for collateral damage.
The draft laws lack almost completely the safeguards to preserve client-attorney privilege, medical confidentiality etc.
Given that intelligence services have the purpose of preserving the rule of law in a democratic society, the draft proposal is more of an acute threat to the Netherlands than any terrorist threat.
In the case of the draft proposal for the tax authorities, the consultation on the tax law was about granting the special law enforcement units the authority to buy their own equipment, rather than having to rely on the IMSI-catchers and personnel of the Dutch police forces. While tax evasion is harmful, the ends justify the means even less than in the case of the expansion of intelligence powers.
The consultation on the bill for a new Intelligence and Security Services Act (only in Dutch, consultation ended on 01.09.2015)
https://www.internetconsultatie.nl/wiv
Bits of Freedom, response to the consultation on the bill for a new Intelligence and Security Services Act (only in Dutch, 01.09.2015)
https://www.bof.nl/live/wp-content/uploads/20150901-BoF-reactie-consultatie-wiv1.pdf
The consultation on the bill to grant the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service the authority to use (their own) IMSI-catchers (only in Dutch, consultation ended on 18.09.2015)
https://www.internetconsultatie.nl/bijzondere_vergaring_nummergegevens_telecommunicatie
Bits of Freedom, response to the consultation on the bill to grant the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service the authority to use (their own) IMSI-catchers (only in Dutch, 14.09.2015)
https://www.bof.nl/live/wp-content/uploads/20150914-reactie-consultatie-imsi-catchers-voor-fiod.pdf
Dutch intel bill proposes non-specific (“bulk”) interception powers for “any form of telecom or data transfer”, incl. domestic, plus required cooperation from “providers of communication services” (02.07.2015)
https://blog.cyberwar.nl/2015/07/dutch-intelligence-bill-proposes-non-specific-bulk-interception-powers-for-any-form-of-telecom-or-data-transfer-incl-domestic/
Vrijscrhift's response to the online consultation Wet op de inlichtingen- en veiligheidsdiensten:
http://www.internetconsultatie.nl/wiv/reactie/cacae1a4-9026-4d68-9c4a-1461d4fcbe2a
Privacy International's response to the online consultation Wet op de inlichtingen- en veiligheidsdiensten:
http://www.internetconsultatie.nl/wiv/reactie/19fc8742-6f2c-4a03-988a-5992b66a61d8
Amnesty International's response to the online consultation Wet op de inlichtingen- en veiligheidsdiensten:
http://www.internetconsultatie.nl/wiv/reactie/991cef42-c446-40de-a663-621a13665007
(Contribution by Walter van Holst, EDRi member Vrijschrift, Netherlands)
Thanks to conveniences presented by the ease of internet access in the modern world, it is easier than ever to exchange goods and services.
OpenBazaar is taking advantage of these conveniences, having launched its decentralized Bitcoin-based marketplace in 2016. With version 2.0 available as of November 2017, the conversation has been re-opened about what free trade could look like in the digital age.
The invention of dApps, decentralized applications that are not under the control of their developers or government bodies, has led to a potential opportunity for free and open exchange to occur online. When a decentralized application is created, it is only under the control of those who use it, and no user has any more power over the system than their peers.
The existence of a system that is under no control or regulations by developers or governing entities could have huge ramifications for the concept of free and open trade.
Online commerce
In the world today, someone who wishes to exchange tangible goods has many options to do so over the internet.
Primarily, the online commerce market is dominated by major players like Amazon, Etsy, eBay and Alibaba. These sites allow for users to buy and sell physical goods, and the process is controlled by the website and the government regulations that act upon it.
Similarly, if someone wishes to offer or hire services, there are a plethora of apps and websites that allow for the opportunity to do so. Sites like Fiverr and its contemporaries allow for individuals to provide services in exchange for payment. Apps like Uber, AirBNB and thousands of others allow for users to do everything from purchasing a lift to their destination, to hiring out a spare room in someone else's home.
While it's hard to deny the usefulness of these applications in our everyday lives, they all share a similar issue from the consumer point of view: they are under the direct control of intermediaries.
OpenBazaar
OpenBazaar is a continuation of the core elements of Amir Taaki's 2014 Toronto hackathon project, ‘Dark Market.' It is spearheaded by OB1 CEO, Brian Hoffman, who created a fork (a clone developed separately from the original) of Dark Market after learning that Taaki had no intention to continue the project.
Its aim is to serve as a fully decentralized marketplace that allows for the free, uninhibited trade of online goods and services.
What makes OpenBazaar unique, is that it is completely decentralized, and there is no single point of failure. OpenBazaar is not under the control of anyone, not even its creators. To access the marketplace, users simply install the open source application and connect to a peer-to-peer network.
Additionally, since all exchanges are made with Bitcoin, there are no intermediaries or transaction fees. This means the developers of OpenBazaar are completely removed from the equation and only make revenue from value-added services that have yet to be built into the marketplace.
Concerns about the open market
While the promise of a truly free and open market seems like a perfect solution to the world's e-commerce needs, the concept is certainly not without its issues.
Many have drawn unfavourable comparisons between OpenBazaar and Silk Road.
Silk Road was an online ‘black market' that involved the exchange of many illegal goods such as drugs and forged documents.
The concerns voiced by many of OpenBazaar's detractors are fueled by the idea that a marketplace that is free from any form of regulation may encourage an unfavourable portion of society to take control and primarily use the platform for illegal activity.
However, OpenBazaar is adamant that it is not a ‘darknet market,' and the site's documentation states:
“OpenBazaar currently only has one thing in common with darknet markets: It uses Bitcoin for payments.”
OpenBazaar defines the other three characteristics of a darknet market as catering to illicit commerce, being a centralized marketplace driven by profit, and operating in a way that keeps users anonymous.
Unlike darknet markets such as Silk Road, OpenBazaar says they are designed to cater to everyone. Its developers contend that, while the risk of illegal activity is present, they believe illicit traffic is outnumbered by honest, practical uses for open trade.
The future of free & open trade
As decentralized applications and projects such as OpenBazaar continue to make use of bitcoin and blockchain technology, there is potential for decentralization to have a huge impact on the world of commerce.
Currently, anyone can use OpenBazaar 2.0 to buy or sell anything from clothing, to food and cigarettes. There is theoretically no limit on what services someone can offer in exchange for Bitcoin on the platform, and its decentralized nature means that there is lesser risk of it being shut down.
The future of OpenBazaar remains to be seen, with 2.0 having only been released at the beginning of November 2017. Its creators are now asking for community support from developers and cryptocurrency enthusiasts in order to implement additional digital currencies to the platform.
Image credit: OpenBazaar
Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and other cryptocurrencies on Coinsquare.
Buy Digital Currencies on Coinsquare
Darren Eales needs to get themselves some game time.
Atlanta United's president hasn't watched their side play a league match yet, and it's a solid 17 months since they left Tottenham Hotspur to help Arthur Blank start their MLS expansion team.
Even training gets Eales a touch emotional.
[ MORE: High praise for Yedlin ]
“Last Thursday in practice, I was welling up to see the guys in Atlanta training tops with Tata coaching them,” Eales told PST earlier this month. “I've had over two years without any games. I hadn't experienced the highs and lows of why we're all in this game. Come the fifth of March, it's going to be a quite emotional time.”
Not just for Eales, but for an Atlanta market which has proven quite rabid for the sport. United has sold almost 30,000 season tickets, a record for an expansion team.
The excitement isn't simply a matter of a shiny new toy for sports fans in Georgia. Eales, along with technical director Carlos Bocanegra and manager Tata Martino, have constructed what, at least on paper, could be a monster.
There's the Designated Player trio of Miguel Almiron, Josef Martinez, and Hector Villalba, young guys Miles Robinson and Andrew Carleton, MLS mainstays Michael Parkhurst and Tyrone Mears, and Chilean veteran Carlos Carmona.
None of those assets were there when Eales, 44, bought into owner Arthur Blank's vision in September 2014. And that's what gave the gig its allure.
[ MORE: Wenger treatment “unacceptable,” says Pep ]
“You talk about soccer being a global game, and it's very rare you get a chance to start a whole new club from scratch,” Eales said. “To do it with an owner like Arthur Blank who is committed to the City of Atlanta, committed to the community, and committed to a winning team just made it an opportunity I couldn't pass up.”
Eales wasn't a stranger to America, a former Ivy League Player of the Year from their playing days at Brown University. They later went home to England where they became a director at West Bromwich Albion en route to their executive job at White Hart Lane.
So, yes, the acumen is there. And Eales' admiration for MLS is a lot higher than many American critics suspect.
“I dealt with MLS from the other side of the fence with Robbie Keane to LA, Jermain Defoe to Toronto, and Clint Dempsey to Seattle,” Eales said. “Fresh perspective when you come from the outside, you look at how teams have built their teams and you can look at it with a fresh pair of eyes.
“The one thing I was clear on from the start, was I felt MLS, globally outside of America, it almost gets more respect from other countries than it does in America. I've seen that with players like Simon Dawkins. When I was at Tottenham, we loaned them to San Jose, they developed as a player and we were able to sell them off to Derby. It's a global league, the standard of football is getting better all the time. I really felt the time was right where you could try to get players in their prime and sell it to them as career development, not a dead end.”
Blank contacted Eales, and convinced them that Atlanta United wasn't a vanity play. The soccer team wasn't going to be the Atlanta Falcons' “little brother”, but a major part of the community.
Plus, time was on their side.
[ MORE: UCL Tuesday preview ]
“Building a roster, putting in the academy, building a training ground, an affiliation with the Charleston Battery, all of these things can't happen overnight,” Eales said. “There's been a lot of thoughts and strategy that's gone into building the roster.”
Not to mention time zones, travel, surfaces, calendar, salary cap, the popularity of other leagues… Eales wanted to find a technical director with both positive vision and MLS wisdom. Enter Carlos Bocanegra, the USMNT captain who had started and finished their playing career in MLS before performing well overseas with Fulham, Rangers, and Rennes.
“What I didn't want to do was come in from the Premier League and say, ‘Everything European is the way we should do it and Americans don't know anything about soccer.' Clearly that's not the case and I knew that.”
Eales said Bocanegra is a good friend in addition to the perfect man for the job. They added that both men didn't take long to embrace the city, and that the Falcons' run to the Super Bowl didn't hurt sports fever in the Peach State.
Now Georgia will turn its attention to the red and black of Atlanta United, a team brimming with talent and experience. One of the early bets for Eales and Bocanegra was that it wouldn't be about older big names. When asked about the successes of Sebastian Giovinco at Toronto and Nicolas Lodeiro in Seattle, Eales almost bristles at the thought that the moves inspired him. Young and fast was already entrenched in their model.
[ MORE: Clattenburg's PL time not over ]
“It's been a long time planning,” Eales said. “We were already going down this model. Lodeiro has been fantastic in Seattle and Giovinco is by far and away the best player in the league. They were that first one where someone was taken not over 30 and it showed, despite what the Italian national team manager said at the time, you could come here, play your game and get your career back on track.
“We felt we could go even further was to get those younger players. We've got Miguel at 22, Hector at 22, and Josef at 23. You'll see increasingly now it will be a chance for us as a whole league to bring in top players and get bigger and better, year on year.”
While Eales has not had the fun of match day and won't really have that experience until March 5's visit from the Red Bulls, he's had fun keeping an eye on their last two Premier League clubs and their top half success.
“I have to laugh because I still talk to a lot of my colleagues back at Tottenham and when they say ‘We're doing well since you left' I tell them it's all about building the foundation,” Eales said.
“Chelsea have had a great season but Tottenham with the young squad they've got and the manager they've got in Mauricio Pochettino, they are going to be titlists in the near future. And West Brom, I love West Brom. It's a great family club and it's really exciting to see them solid in the top half of the table. It's a testament to the guys, Tony Pulis and the team, how they built with a plan year on year to become a solid Premier League club. They have a strategy and they stuck to it.”
So, too, does Eales and United. The roster he's assembled and their legendary manager combine to give the look of an instant playoff contender.
Yet Eales, like MLS, is going to have to see it. The difference is that United's president already believes it. Bring on the chills.
Follow @NicholasMendola
By Charles Hugh Smith
This critique reveals the unintended consequences of UBI.
Readers have been asking me what I thought of Universal Basic Income (UBI) as the solution to the systemic problem of jobs being replaced by automation. To answer this question, I realized I had to start by taking a fresh look at work and its role in human life and society. And since UBI is fundamentally a distribution of money, I also needed to take a fresh look at our system of money.
That led to a radical critique of Universal Basic Income (UBI) and an outline for a much more sustainable and just system of money and work than we have now. To adequately explore these critical topics, I ended up writing a 50,000-word books, Money and Work Unchained.
Universal Basic Income (UBI) is increasingly being held up as the solution to automation's displacement of human labor. UBI combines two powerful incentives: self-interest (who couldn't use an extra $1,000 per month) and an idealistic commitment to guaranteeing everyone material security and reducing the rising income inequality that threatens our social contract–a topic I've addressed many times over the past decade.
UBI's goals–guaranteeing material security and reducing income inequality–are not just worthy; they are essential. The question then becomes: how do we achieve these goals?
The conventional critiques of UBI focus on the practicalities of funding such a substantial universal entitlement. Where will the trillions of extra dollars required come from? Can we pay for UBI by “taxing the robots” or borrowing/ printing more currency?
But a radical critique must go much, much further, and ask: is UBI the best that we can do? If we provide the basics of material security–the bottom level of Maslow's hierarchy of human needs–what about all the higher needs for positive social roles, meaningful work, and the opportunity to build capital?
This critique reveals the unintended consequences of UBI: rather than deliver a Utopia, UBI institutionalizes serfdom and a two-class neofeudalism in which the bottom 95% scrape by on UBI while the top 5% hoard what every human wants and needs: positive social roles in our community, meaningful work that makes us feel needed, and the opportunity to build capital in all its manifestations.
UBI is the last gasp of a broken, dying system, a “solution” that institutionalizes all the injustices of serfdom under the guise of aiding those left behind by automation. We can do better–we must do better–and I lay out how to do so in this book.
A radical critique must also examine the widely accepted assumption that automation will destroy most jobs. Is this assumption valid? It turns out this assumption rests on a completely false understanding of the nature of work, the economics of automation and the presumed stability of an unsustainable global economy.
Read the first section for free in PDF format.
Eight months after stunning the baseball world by storming through the winter meetings in Dallas and spending $190 million on big-ticket free agents, the Marlins smolder like twisted wreckage at the bottom of the standings.
“We set ourselves up for it,'' acknowledged Marlins president David Samson of a grand makeover that failed miserably. “We paraded around Dallas. We signed those guys. We opened a new ballpark. We said we're ‘all in.' ''
Not only have the Marlins been a bust on the field, but attendance at their new ballpark has fallen short of expectations, creating an uncertain future on and off the field.
Questions outnumber answers.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Will the Marlins cut payroll next season? Samson wouldn't say. Will heads roll, both in the front office and within the coaching staff? Samson said nothing can be ruled out. Will season-ticket holders abandon ship in the second season of new Marlins Park? Samson said, at this point, it's difficult to know.
But one thing Samson promised was that every mistake — and there were plenty — will be examined when team executives convene with owner Jeffrey Loria following the season in October.
“I think it's going to be an interesting October, a little different than the October we envisioned,'' Samson said of the team's annual post-mortem. “Jeffrey's going to look at everything. I mean, he's angry, and they should be. It's hard to think you put a plan together and almost every part of the plan does not work out, either by injury or non-performance.''
The team's biggest mistake, Samson said: overestimating the team's talent level and believing it to be a playoff contender that would lead to the Marlins' first postseason appearance in nine years. Instead, the Marlins struggled simply to stay afloat.
The result: a massive sell-off before the July 31 trading deadline in which the Marlins dealt Hanley Ramirez, Anibal Sanchez, Omar Infante, Randy Choate, Gaby Sanchez and Edward Mujica.
Due to trades and a sudden rash of injuries, only two position players from the team's opening night lineup — shortstop Jose Reyes and catcher John Buck — were on the field for the Marlins during a weekend series in Washington.
Just by trading Ramirez, the Marlins lopped off $38 million in salary commitments over the next 21/2 seasons. But Samson said the Ramirez trade wasn't about the money.
“Not one trade that was done was payroll-motivated,'' Samson said. “It was chemistry-motivated. It was winning-motivated.''
Who's to blame?
“I think the most responsibility falls on me,'' Samson said before ranking president of baseball operations Larry Beinest and general manager Michael Hill second and third, respectively, in the blame department.
Asked if Loria should also be held responsible, Samson declined comment. Loria was heavily involved in the signing of struggling closer Heath Bell, as well as the failed pursuit of free agents Albert Pujols and C.J. Wilson.
When asked about the performance of manager Ozzie Guillen, who is in the first year of a four-year contract, and the rest of the coaching staff, Samson said it would be up to Loria to evaluate those jobs.
“We gave them the players and they have used them in the exact way we envisioned them being used,'' Samson said of the coaching staff. “Will changes be made? I don't have an answer for that. That's something Jeffrey will address because that's their purview."
Samson also was asked if player development would be examined given the high number of first-round draft picks who have flopped, leaving the minor-league system thin on high-ceiling talent.
“The first-round picks have not worked. The rest of the draft has,'' Samson said. “It just so happens that the first-round picks have not been good. The question is, what happened to some of those guys? I can definitely grant you that's a serious question worth looking at. From draft to performance, there's been some regression.''
Samson said they hope the fan base will look at the season as a fluke.
“That's sort of the message to the fans, that this year has to be an anomaly, because it can't be more than one year in a row, everything can go wrong,'' they said.
Still, after all that has happened, Samson said they have no regrets about the “all-in'' strategy that failed.
“I wouldn't change one thing,'' Samson said. “What we did was exactly right, but it was wrong.''
Coming up
•
Tuesday
: Marlins LHP
Wade LeBlanc
(1-1, 1.35 ERA) at New York Mets LHP
Jonathon Niese
(8-5, 3.72), 7:10 p.m., Citi Field.
•
Wednesday
: Marlins RHP
Nathan Eovaldi
(2-7, 4.66) at Mets RHP
Chris Young
(3-5, 4.22), 7:10 p.m., Citi Field.
•
Scouting report
: The Marlins were swept by the Mets at Citi Field when they last visited there in April but took two out of three from them at Marlins Park in May. The Mets have gone 7-16 since the All-Star break.
Prime Minister Viktor Orbán led a delegation of Hungarian government officials and business people to Kazakhstan on Wednesday. The 100-person delegation includes professionals representing the construction, automotive and agricultural industries.
Index.hu also writes that gaspipe fitter-turned-construction mogul Lőrinc Mészáros and their wife are accompanying their longtime friend Viktor Orbán to Almaty. Mészáros, who is mayor of the Prime Minister's home town of Felcsút, and their wife will be representing their company Búzakalász 66 Kft., which recently opened a state-of-the-art mangalica pig farm thanks to the generosity of EU taxpayers, not to mention its uncanny success at obtaining the right to cultivate thousands of acres of state-owned farmland in and around Felcsút.
Hungary news website 444.hu caustically commented that "there's no information regarding whether the company has any plans to export Hungarian pigs to the Islamic country."
Kazinform reports that Orban told that they feel at home in Kazakhstan as opposed to the EU. They told it after the talks in Astana. "We are always glad to come to Kazakhstan. We are equal in political terms in the European Union, but genealogically we are different. When we go to Brussels we do not have any relatives there. But when we come to Kazakhstan we have close people here. It is a strange feeling for us but it is true. Therefore, Hungarian delegations always come to Kazakhstan with pleasure," the Prime Minister of Hungary told.
According to him, 6 of 11 members of the Government of Hungary joined them in their trip to Kazakhstan. "Cooperation between our countries goes far beyond the simple formality. When the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan Karim Massimov visited Hungary it served as a new impetus for development of the relations between the countries. The visit also strengthened the friendship between Hungary and Kazakhstan. We are glad that our countries enjoy such relations," they added.
Orban also noted that the decision of Nursultan Nazarbayev to participate in presidential elections is the key to ensuring stability in Kazakhstan in the future as well. In this regard, the Prime Minister of Hungary wished a great success to the Head of State on behalf of their country. We (FreeHungary) have to mention here that the previous parliamentary elections in Kazakhstan did not meet fundamental principles of democratic elections, according to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, or OSCE, and the Council of Europe.
Orban also expressed their opinion that Kazakhstan was one of the rapidly developing countries of the world. "Kazakhstan has developed immensely over the recent 20 years. This is another reason for us to develop deep cooperation with Kazakhstan," Mr. Orban concluded.
A number of agreements were signed within the Kazakh-Hungarian business forum in Astana on Wednesday, Kazinform reports. In particular, "KazMunaiGaz" national company and "Hungarian Oil and Gas" company signed a memorandum on cooperation, Kazakhstan "KAZNEX INVEST" and Hungarian IPOX Chemicals signed a memorandum on mutual understanding. Besides, the Hungarian Fur Trade Organization and the Kazakhstan fur trade and industry association signed a memorandum on cooperation. Moreover, the protocol of intent was signed by "Silumin-Vostok" company and VT Veres Kft company. "Skif Trade" and "Fit Food" companies signed a memorandum on mutual understanding. "Aktyubrentgen" JSC and "OT Industries" company signed a memorandum on mutual understanding as well as "Su-Nasosy" and "Vikuv Co.Ltd".
Hungary's Left-wing and liberal commentators lambast PM Orbán's comments.
In Népszava, editor Péter Németh rejects the idea that we have to travel to the East in order to feel at home and that we are strangers in Europe. They wouldn't mind if Mr Orbán chose the East as their home but "we would prefer to remain in Europe".
In its front page editorial, Népszabadság interprets the Prime Minister's words as a sign of their isolation in Europe. The main left-wing daily calls on Mr Orbán not to speak on behalf of all Hungarians, for "we are just as Hungarian as them and their whole company, but we do feel absolutely at home in Europe".
Source: index.hu; 44.hu; budapestbeacon.com; inform.kz; nepszava.hu; nol.hu; budapost.eu
Donovan McNabb was a hot topic on Twitter tonight.
Dan Graziano of ESPN”s NFC East blog wrote a nasty post that ripped McNabb for some comments that they made in regard to RG3. Derek from Iggles Blog took umbrage and went after Graziano.
Here is the source material that began the whole deal, an interview from a Washington Post writer.
Graziano thinks McNabb can't be taken seriously in regard to RG3, due to some comments they made about RG3 not being a good fit for the Shanahan offense last spring. Graziano thinks McNabb is still bitter at Shanny and is getting in digs at him.
Derek's point is that Dan is speculating about McNabb's comments and is being completely unfair.
This argument doesn't get me too fired up, but the state of Donovan McNabb does bug me a bit. That's Donnie Mac. That's #5. And he's trying to get a meeting set up where they and their dad can talk to RG3 and their dad to offer some advice. I like the sentiment, but it just feels weird to me. McNabb mentioned it a couple of times in the interview in the article, as if this was the modern version of the Yalta summit. Are they that bored? Are they that arrogant? Are they just that damn nice?
I've been a big Donovan McNabb fan since they first beat UNC in the late summer of 1995. That was the first game of their career. I watched it and probably have it on tape somewhere. I'd never heard of McNabb before then, but they impressed the heck out of me. 4 years later they became the Eagles QB and led us to a great decade.
Did I ever get frustrated with McNabb? Sure. There were plenty of times they drove me nuts. That would have been true of just about any QB, though. You think Packers fans didn't get mad at Brett Favre after some of their INTs? You think Colts fans didn't get mad at Peyton after some playoff meltdowns?
Mostly, I loved the McNabb era. For every bad moment, there were 5 good ones. Maybe more. Not only was they a good player, McNabb was a good guy. They were a family guy. They smiled and had fun with their job. It drives me crazy that some pro athletes look so miserable, despite the fact they are living out their (and our) dreams.
Things changed in April 2007. The Eagles drafted Kevin Kolb and McNabb was never the same. They simply did not handle that well. Andy Reid had been as much mentor as coach, but now Reid was choosing a new QB. Donovan saw the writing on the wall and that changed their relationship with coaches and the team forever.
We didn't know this at the time. Reid and McNabb said the right things publicly. The team was 8-8 that year, almost got to the Super Bowl in 2008 and then went 11-5 in 2009. That's a good run for an unhappy QB.
Reid traded McNabb on Easter of 2010. They sent McNabb to a team that they wanted to go to. Donovan would finally get to play in a run-heavy offense. Their mobility would be perfect for the bootleg plays and Shanahan was a wizard at getting production from lesser skill players. Life was going to be good.
Oops.
McNabb, like many veteran players, had gotten accustomed to doing things a certain way, the Reid way. McNabb did not want to learn the Shanahan way and they clashed. That led to McNabb being demoted to the #3 QB spot. In 2011 McNabb went to the Vikings, a team run by a former Reid protege, Leslie Frazier. Donovan was back among family. Life would be good.
Oops.
The Vikings staff tried to get McNabb to work on their mechanics. They would hear none of it. McNabb started 6 games that year and was cut in December.
McNabb does have some wisdom to offer young QBs, but it is more than a little funny that they brought about the end of their career because they were uncoachable. McNabb did not want to adapt to new coaches and systems. They did not want to fix errors in their mechanics. Maybe 2010/2011 McNabb could have used an older McNabb to come back from the future and tell them to pull their head out of their ass. Has anyone done a sequel to Looper yet? We've got the football version right here.
Donovan seems to be in no-man's land right now. Their career is done, but it didn't end well. And the messy ending was public. That had to diminish their media standing. McNabb seemed like such a natural for TV a decade ago. It was a no-brainer. I've seen them a few times and it is awkward. I think that is as much their role as him. In time I hope they settle into a role and becomes fun to watch. For the love of god, get them more air time and take it away from Jamie Dukes.
More than anything, I want Donovan to come home and be a more active member of the Eagles family.  They are going to retire as an Eagle in September. That will be cool. Hopefully it will lead to them being more comfortable with being around the organization. We (us and him) need to embrace their career and remember the good times.
_
I keep hearing about some study showing that a bunch of secretaries gained an average of 20 pounds when they switched from manual to electric typewriters back in the 60s. But I can't find any citation. Can you? Is this true? I guess I should have typed this on my old manual typewriter and posted you the letter. Guess I'll stay fat.
Cecil replies:
To be honest, this is one of the more benign factoids making the rounds of the Internet. It doesn't involve antisocial behavior, embarrassing the Walt Disney Company, or the loss of critical body parts. It even imparts a medically desirable lesson, namely that lack of exercise is a big reason why Americans are porking up. Sure, if you want to get anal about it, it's wrong. But there's a sliver of truth to it, and the process by which that sliver was built up into a durable Internet legend makes for an instructive tale.
The story shows up multiple places in print and online and involves considerable variation. The alleged number of calories the secretaries ceased to burn upon switching from manual typewriters to electrics ranges from 60 calories per day to 200, the resultant weight gain from 4 pounds to 20. When a time frame is specified for this epidemic, it may be the 1940s, the 1950s, or occasionally the year 1960.
One weight-loss advocate and author, Kim Bensen, struck us as particularly energetic in warning of the dangers of electric typewriters. They consistently claim secretaries who'd made the switch burned 200 fewer calories a day, although they go back and forth on when exactly it all happened — sometimes it's the '40s, sometimes the '50s. We tried to contact them to clear things up but never heard back.
No matter. We found the study that's undoubtedly the source of this nutty idea.
It was a report published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in 1958. Provocatively titled “Metabolic Demands as a Factor in Weight Control,” the article pointed out that either of two key elements could contribute to putting on weight — food intake going up or energy consumption going down. Deciding the latter had received insufficient attention, the researchers gave examples of seemingly minor changes in activity that could add up to significant weight gain over time.
For instance, sitting burned nine fewer calories per hour than standing up. A 5-foot-10, 150-pound farmer burned 126 calories per hour driving a tractor with power steering versus 157 calories driving one with manual steering.
And then there was typing. A 5-foot-3, 120-pound individual, the JAMA researchers contended, used up 88 calories per hour operating a mechanical typewriter compared to 73 calories per hour on an electric. Assuming six hours of typing per day, that meant 450 fewer calories burned per week. If all else stayed the same, she'd gain a pound every 10 weeks, or five pounds a year.
Where had JAMA come up with its numbers on typists' energy expenditure? Burrowing through the endnotes, we find a reference to a Scottish journal article from 1955, which in turn cites a 1954 Italian paper in which three eminenti dottori speak of their studio sul consumo energetico delle dattilografe con macchina meccanica ed elettrica … sorry. We learn that six young women were found to consume, on average, 1.39 calories per minute pounding on a manual typewriter at 30 wpm but just 1.16 calories doing the same on an electric — a little lower than the JAMA figures, technically, but in the ballpark.
Crucially, though, no effort was made to determine if the typists actually gained weight as a result of this differential. Rather, we're told, “these measurements were made over several 10-minute periods.” From this scant fact set all else had been extrapolated. In other words, JAMA‘s stern warning about health consequences was based on less research than goes into the average high school science fair project.
Still, from a gender standpoint the JAMA researchers had been, considering the times, surprisingly fair, providing examples of potential weight gain in both male- and female-dominated occupations, namely farming and typing. The media made short work of that once the study was released, ignoring the farmer and concentrating on the typist. “Scientists Warn Slim Stenos May Bulge if Mechanized,” read the Wall Street Journal headline, which to me suggests a robotics experiment gone horribly wrong. The lead sentence was clearer: “Think twice before you give that slim secretary an electric typewriter; they may become a little pudgy if you do.”
How medieval, you say. Yes, but think what a little jewel of mythmaking we have here. The point the scientific types were trying to make was that modern conveniences collectively increased the tendency to overweight — a legitimate but dull observation. The world then took this unpromising material, ladled in the requisite quantities of sexism and BS, and confabulated a story that's endured for 50 years.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
SANTA ANA – Testimony came to an end Thursday in a multimillion wrongful termination suit trial brought by a group of former Orange County Sheriff's Department higher-ups, as Sheriff Sandra Hutchens continued to deny targeting their former command staff members for layoffs.
During eight days of testimony spread over three months Hutchens detailed the budget woes faced by the department in 2009 shortly after they were appointed to replace disgraced former Sheriff Mike Carona, who was later sentenced to federal prison.
Dealing with deep budget deficits, Hutchens testified that they felt letting go of department higher-ups rather than rank-and-file was the safest option for the county.
The command staff members – former assistant sheriffs Jack Anderson and John Davis, along with former captains Brian Cossairt, Deana Bergquist and Robert Eason – argued that the sheriff didn't follow proper protocol and allow them hearings to fight their dismissals.
The five former law enforcement officials served under Carona prior to their indictment on corruption charges, and allege that they were pushed out to make way for of those in the department favored by Hutchens.
During at-times heated questioning, attorney Joel Baruch, who is representing the former command staff members, pushed Hutchens to explain, in minute detail, how the layoffs came about, and why the sheriff chose the tactics they used to close the department's multimillion deficit.
Hutchens said they were forced to carry out a major restructuring, combining some divisions within the department while trying to spare street-level deputies and investigators. The sheriff testified that they laid off higher-ups who were left without commands, or whose divisions could be led by someone with a lower rank. Hutchens said those who were laid off had not done anything wrong.
“None of it is fair. Being laid off is not fair. It's not a decision I ever thought I would be faced with in law enforcement,” Hutchens said on Wednesday.
Baruch continually asked whether Hutchens considered alternatives to layoffs, such as defunding vacant positions or using civilian workers to run the county jails. The attorney also pushed Hutchens to explain why their clients were let go, while several highly-paid command staff members Hutchens had worked with during their time with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department remained.
“We could sit here all day and talk about what I could or couldn't have done,” Hutchens said. “I made the moves to allow the department to move forward.”
Hutchens testified that they continually discussed the reorganization with their command staff, but made the final decision on exactly which people to lay off herself. Due to the size of the re-organization, Hutchens also said the county board of supervisors had to sign off.
“Did anyone ever suggest to you that you could lay off fewer people than you did to cover your budget shortfall?” Attorney Norman Watkins, who is representing the sheriff's department and the county, asked the sheriff on Thursday morning.
“No,” Hutchens replied.
The former command staff members argued that after their dismissals they were wrongly tied to the Carona regime when Hutchens spoke during subsequent election campaigns about rebuilding the sheriff's department “from the top down.”
The sheriff denied that those comments were a shot at their former command staff members, contending that they were more generally referring to the overall overhaul of the department in the wake of Carona's departure.
The five former higher-ups are all seeking reinstatement and a combined million in back pay.
Orange County Superior Court Judge Frederick P. Aguirre will ultimately make the final ruling in the non-jury trial.
However, it will be a few more months before that occurs. Attorneys have until Nov. 13 to file their final legal briefs and then until Dec. 4 to reply to the other sides brief.
Final oral arguments are scheduled for Dec. 18.
Contact the writer: semery@ocregister.com
Going only by their first name, the 49-year-old mother of one, recently gained notoriety by appearing on Britain's ITV.
Explaining hairs started sprouting from their chin at the age of 21 after the birth of son, Mariam first tried to conform to societal beauty norms by plucking them out each morning and having electrolysis done.
“My chin got really red and inflamed from all the plucking, and some of the hairs were ingrown, so it always looked like I'd fallen on my chin,” the woman of German-Iranian heritage told ITV. “But when people asked what had happened and I told them they couldn't believe it.”
But some five years ago, they decided they would accept their furry fate – and fight for more tolerance. Mariam, who now lives in Britain, started a blog to explain what they were going through.
“One day I realized that the hair on my chin belongs to my body and that it should be there,” they wrote. “Today I am happy to have had the chance to live with a beard," they wrote on their blog. "It is an experience that has taught me a lot!”
Not everyone can cope with their groomed goatee as well as they do, however.
“Some people say people like me should be sent to Russia or shot, but that's just one person on the internet writing horrible stuff,” they told ITV. “Other people say it's courageous and inspiring. So there are both sides.”
Mariam also said they were looking for someone to love them as they are.
"There are always people with a fetish who might only be attracted by the beard, but that is the same with lots of things, even if I were a blonde woman,” they said.
The Local/mry
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump made it clear they wanted the gag order lifted on an undercover informant who played a critical role in an FBI investigation into Russian efforts to gain influence in the uranium industry in the United States during the Obama administration, according to two sources familiar with the President's actions.
The President directed their senior staff "to facilitate the Justice Department's full cooperation with Congress to lift the gag order," one of the sources said. The sources said White House counsel Don McGahn then relayed the message to the Justice Department.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, publicly called on the Justice Department last week to lift the nondisclosure agreement preventing the informant from speaking to Congress.
One of the sources said that "when Grassley expressed interest in having (the informant) as a witness, the President wanted to ensure they could."
The Justice Department has strict rules limiting the White House's involvement in criminal law enforcement matters. Any involvement by the White House counsel in the decision is unusual, particularly because it relates to the President's political opponents.
Read More
As Kendrick Lamar and Drake continue to navigate through their careers with sort of unspoken feud against each other, fans continue to wonder if the two will ever work together again. As of now, the last time that Kendrick and Drake appeared on a song together was "Poetic Justice" all the way back in 2012. Well, now the Internet thinks that they could possibly have been in the studio together recently and it's all because of $2 bills.
Earlier this week, video surfaced of Kendrick in the studio, and in it, they were holding up stacks of $2 bills for the camera. Transition to early this morning when Drake posted a picture of themselves holding up similar $2 bills.
Of course, this could all just be a coincidence and having nothing to do with each other, but the timing is certainly interesting, especially with Drake putting the finishing touches on their Views From the 6 album. While it's unknown if the link between the $2 bills means that Drake and Kendrick were together, there's also a possibility the money came from hip-hop's favorite lawyer, Steven Reisman, who is known for passing out the rare currency. Now we just have to wait and see if we're actually about to get the first Kendrick Lamar and Drake collaboration in years. We've reached out to TDE for comment on this, but you can check out the evidence for yourself below.
Is drake working with Kendrick again? Same 2$ stacks as Kendrick in the studio video. pic.twitter.com/YmYhsJ82Ri — Jermaine (@brainfeeder_) March 18, 2016
Here. Kendrick's 2$ stacks in the video. Coincidence? Lucky # 2s pic.twitter.com/Gm294Kt8Gl — Jermaine (@brainfeeder_) March 18, 2016
6 Side A photo posted by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi) on Mar 18, 2016 at 12:45am PDT
Ever wonder why fruits and vegetables sometimes hit the shelves contaminated by pathogenic bacteria such as listeria, E. coli, and salmonella?
According to Tim Lu, an assistant professor of electrical engineering and biological engineering at MIT, it boils down to the inefficient bacteria-detection assays used in the food industry. In some cases, these aren't accurate or speedy enough — sometimes taking several days to catch contaminated produce.
But now Lu's startup, Sample6, is commercializing an advanced assay platform that “lights up” pathogenic bacteria for quick detection, with the ability to detect only a few bacteria.
Based on Lu's graduate school research at MIT, the assay uses biological particles called bacteriophages, or phages, which only target bacteria. In Sample6's case the assay is engineered to inject pathogenic bacteria — specifically, listeria — with an enzyme that reprograms the bacteria to shine very brightly.
To use the commercial assay, called the Bioillumination Platform, factory workers simply swab samples with a sponge, wait for the phages to do their work, and run the sample through a machine that detects any light emitted. Results can be plugged into the company's software, which tracks contaminated products and can provide analytics on whether contamination correlates with certain days, people, or suppliers.
The aim is to mitigate the millions of illnesses caused each year by contaminated food in the United States, along with costly recalls for food producers. But the assay's simplicity should also promote better sanitation practices, Lu says.
“If you can catch something before the end of the day, before you ship it out, and if you can sample more all around, you can be more proactive about sanitation and cut down on losses,” says Lu, who serves on Sample6's board of directors.
Numerous clients have been using the Bioillumination Platform in trials over the past six months. It is currently undergoing certification, to be followed by wider release.
Rapidity, sensitivity, and specificity
According to Lu, the assay's innovation comes from its improvement upon three key aspects of bacterial detection: specificity, sensitivity, and rapidity. Other methods — such as immunoassays, cultures, or polymerase chain reactions (PCR, which copies DNA) — may be efficient in one area, but lacking in the other two.
Sample6's specificity comes from its use of phages, which have specific pathogenic targets: Phages that attack listeria, for instance, won't attack E. coli. To this end, they can also discriminate between pathogenic bacteria and the potentially thousands of innocuous bacteria nearby.
To achieve better sensitivity, Lu says, the company modifies the production of the bioilluminating enzyme, injected by the phage into the pathogen, to cause the bacteria to shine very brightly, even if only a handful of cells are present.
With this increased specificity and sensitivity, the assay skips the amplification, or culturing, step required in other methods, making it, according to Sample6, the world's first “enrichment-free pathogen diagnostic system.”
For instance, if one strain of a pathogen needs identification, “producers usually grow the bacteria out to large numbers before they can detect it,” Lu says. “This is slow, and obviously not ideal for the food industry.”
All these improvements contribute to the assay's speed, Lu says. “Basically, we're producing enough signal to detect a few specific cells quickly, which gets you really rapid sensors,” they say.
A diagnostic pivot
The assay is used today strictly for detection of bacteria. But it started as a potential therapeutic, when Lu was an MD/PhD student in the MIT-Harvard Health Sciences and Technology program in the mid-2000s.
In a lab at Boston University, Lu engineered phages that could break apart antibiotic-resistant biofilms — coatings where bacteria live and thrive — by injecting bacteria with certain enzymes to make the biofilms self-destruct.
This discovery would earn Lu the $30,000 Lemelson-MIT Student Prize, in 2008, and a spot on Technology Review's 2010 list of top innovators under 35.
Seeing phages as better antimicrobial treatments than antibiotics — to which biofilms and bacteria can build immunity — Lu, Sample6 co-founder and now vice president of operations Michael Koeris, and other colleagues bootstrapped to commercialize the technology. They funded their company, then called Novophage, through university business-plan competitions across the country, and outfitted nearly an entire lab with reused equipment from MIT and auctions.
Faced with the financial crisis and challenges in commercializing therapeutics, they pivoted to diagnostics. They shopped their phages to bacteria-plagued industries — such as oil and water treatment, where biofilms build up in pipelines — before seeing firsthand that the food industry “was in desperate need of new detection technologies.”
Most food manufacturers were still using traditional assays, Lu says, with some still using pen and paper or spreadsheets to track contamination — “which makes it nearly impossible to gather large amounts of data,” they say.
In an incubator at the University of Massachusetts at Boston, the renamed Sample6 tailored the product for the food industry before relocating to its current headquarters in Boston's Seaport District, where a 15-person team now works on research and development and small-scale manufacturing. After leading the startup through technological implementation, Lu took a position in 2012 on its board, where they continue advising.
‘Sourcing from nature'
Today, Sample6's assay detects listeria and is used solely by the food industry. But it's a platform technology, Lu says, that can be used to detect other pathogenic bacteria, such as E. coli and salmonella, and for other means across other industries.
“Phages are the most abundant biological particle on Earth. Since they have coevolved with bacteria for eons, nature provides a rich database of phages which target desired bacteria. Thus, by sourcing from nature, we can adapt the platform to other pathogens and applications,” they say.
The phages could be modified, for instance, to break apart the biofilms that build up and corrode oil pipelines, or to detect the pathogenic bacteria that sometimes cause oil to sour by changing its composition.
The next practical application, however, is most likely in health care, with the potential for clinical diagnostics or rapid detection of contamination in hospital rooms — with the aim of decreasing the 1.7 million cases of hospital-associated infections recorded in the United States each year.
With the assay, Lu says Sample6 hopes to bring synthetic biology, and specifically phages, to microbial detection across many fields. Further down the road, they say, a goal is to transform diagnostics into something more accessible to the public — perhaps even leading to at-home diagnostics.
“Fundamentally, I see this assay as an enabler for many more applications. We want ultimately to democratize the use of synthetic biology in the real world,” they say.
If Truus Van Gaal has their way, then husband Louis is entering their penultimate season in management. Manchester United's manager has previously claimed they will retire from football at the end of their current contract to spend more time with their wife.
However, they have also said that they could be tempted to stay on beyond 2017, but that's if they are given such a choice. At some point, they need to win the Premier League to repeat the success at winning a title at all four previous clubs they have managed. At Ajax, that took three years to achieve and they closed out four years at AZ Alkmaar by winning the Eredivisie.
Barcelona and Bayern Munich, by contrast, saw the delivery of a championship after maiden campaigns. And what followed were diminishing returns. At United, they delivered the bare-minimum achievement of fourth place and the Champions League qualifiers last season. With £240 million now spent, the expectation is a push for the Premier League crown.
What do their second seasons at previous clubs say about Van Gaal's prospects of winning the league? The evidence suggests a spat with a player can at least be expected. He's had two at United this summer, with Victor Valdes criticised for not playing in a reserve match and Robin van Persie saying their former manager didn't give them a chance before selling them to Fenerbahce.
Ajax: 1991-1997
Having been assistant to Leo Beenhakker, Van Gaal delivered swift success by winning the 1992 UEFA Cup over a two-legged final against Torino with a largely homegrown team.
The construction of Ajax's best team that did not feature Johan Cruyff took time, however, and having been runners-up to PSV Eindhoven in 1991-92, Van Gaal's team dropped to third and exited the UEFA Cup prematurely. They did, however, win the Dutch Cup with a 6-2 defeat of Heerenveen in the final.
Ajax's revitalisation came at a price, as Inter Milan snapped up Dennis Bergkamp and Wim Jonk at the end of the season, though by then, relations were breaking down between star forward and manager.
"If I had stayed another season things would have been difficult," said Bergkamp in their 2013 autobiography. "It would have been a war, actually."
Within two years, Ajax, operating on a far lower budget than the continent's giants and with a team meticulously constructed of youth products and cheap purchases by their manager, had won the Champions League.
Barcelona: 1997-2000
Having won a domestic double and the Super Cup in 1997-98, Van Gaal managed to win another title in 1998-99 but storm clouds were gathering by the end of that second season.
"Louis van Gaal is the star now," they had said at their unveiling as manager, but the fans and other factions within the club were never quite so sure.
Camp Nou was the venue of the 1999 Champions League final, but Catalans watched fans of Manchester United and Bayern Munich filling their city. Both clubs had qualified from the group stages at the expense of Barça and United won the final to complete an unprecedented Treble.
Barcelona, meanwhile, never played the stylish football that Cruyff's Dream Team showed off in the early 1990s and to repeat what happened with Bergkamp, there were quarrels with a star player.
Rivaldo had never been satisfied with playing on the left of a 4-3-3 and began to demand to play behind a central striker. The following season saw the row explode with Rivaldo benched before Van Gaal was eventually sacked for failing to deliver the title.
Falling out with Barcelona icon Rivaldo did not help Louis van Gaal's cause at Camp Nou.
AZ Alkmaar: 2005-09
A disastrous tenure as the Netherlands manager, a brief return to Barcelona that served only to open old wounds. Then, broken relations at Ajax left them in the managerial wilderness.
Though AZ were backed by tycoon Dirk Scheringa, Van Gaal rediscovered their coaching zeal in a quiet corner and they once again delivered the recipe of almost instant success. AZ finished second in 2005-06 and looked to be heading for the title on the final day of the 2006-07 season.
They needed to beat already-relegated Excelsior to win a first title in 25 years, yet lost 3-2 after goalkeeper Boy Waterman was sent off after 18 minutes. AZ finished third behind PSV and Ajax.
Van Gaal was typically defiant. "I don't feel frustrated," they said. "We have other things acting in our favour such as the quality of the football here."
Bayern Munich: 2009-2011
The title that Van Gaal eventually won at AZ secured them an invitation back to the top table of European football. At Bayern, they took over a club recovering from an ill-starred dalliance with Jurgen Klinsmann and just as at Barcelona, they won a domestic double in their initial campaign.
Bayern also lost in the 2010 Champions League final, but Van Gaal's formula of turning to Dutch talent had paid off in the expensive addition of Arjen Robben. They had also brought through Thomas Muller and turned Bastian Schweinsteiger into a central midfielder, yet things fell apart just as quickly as those successes had been delivered.
By the seventh match of their second season, Bayern were in 12th, with a flock of players out injured. The effects of the previous campaign's exertions and the World Cup proved a poor combination with Van Gaal's rigorous training techniques.
Then came more public quarrels, most viciously this time with Franck Ribery, the French winger who was out injured for five months. "He did not put in any effort and showed no commitment," said Van Gaal of Ribery's performance in a comeback friendly.
Such disunity was mirrored on the field as Bayern lurched away from contending to reach the next season's Champions League, while also exiting the competition at the second-round stage.
In April, a 1-1 draw with Nurnberg hastened their exit.
John Brewin is a staff writer for ESPN FC. Follow them on Twitter @JohnBrewinESPN.
There are several variations of this con, but they all start with the victim and the con artist both spotting something of value lying around. It's usually an envelope or bag full of money, but it could be a diamond ring. The con artist tries to get the victim to notice the envelope first, making them less likely to suspect that the con artist planted it. A second con artist may get involved as the victim and the first con artist decide to split up the found money, demanding a fair share since they saw it too. At this point, the cons will suggest that everyone put some of their own money into the envelope as "good faith money," to show that they're financially responsible people. Once all of the money is in the envelope, it is divided into thirds and returned to the victim and the two con artists. However, through sleight of hand and a distraction, the victim gets an envelope full of paper scraps. In the ring variation, the con artist claims to have some expertise in jewelry assessment, and proclaims the ring to be worth several hundred dollars or more. However, not having time to sell or pawn the ring, the con artist offers to let the victim buy out their half. So the victim pays what they can to the con artist and keeps the "valuable" ring, which is actually a cheap fake. The victim, or "pigeon," is "dropped" and left with nothing.
So, there's been a full week now complete since the Verizon IndyCar Series season ended at Sonoma Raceway. The offseason is now underway.
Almost all the first round of pieces have been written or filmed in the wake of Josef Newgarden's popular first championship, achieved in the GoPro Grand Prix of Sonoma.
Meanwhile official news has been sparse, but figures to intensify in the coming weeks as teams need to fill seats.
And with the new 2018 Dallara universal aero kit now set for its final test in INDYCAR's hands on Tuesday at Sebring International Raceway's short course – the closest thing IndyCar has to a street course simulation – testing the new car will be a major topic over the months ahead.
Here's what's on tap for IndyCar's offseason ahead:
TESTING, TESTING, 1…2…3…
As noted above, tomorrow marks the final day INDYCAR will run the testing program of the new 2018 Dallara universal aero kit at Sebring's short course, before the new kits and cars are delivered to manufacturers Honda and Chevrolet for the next couple months of testing.
Team Penske (Chevrolet, Juan Pablo Montoya) and Schmidt Peterson Motorsports (Honda, Oriol Servia) have operated the cars but with INDYCAR itself dictating the testing program through the first three tests done in July and August on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway (super speedway), Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course (road course) and Iowa Speedway (short oval).
From here, Chevrolet and Honda have six tests each with the car through mid-November, before team testing begins in January, 2018. Teams such as Chip Ganassi Racing (Honda) and Ed Carpenter Racing (Chevrolet) will be those running the cars as part of the manufacturer testing program.
Part of the reason Spencer Pigot was confirmed by ECR as early as they were for 2018 was so that they could be part of this degree of manufacturer testing, and that's good news for them in their development process. Pigot has already excelled driving one new car when it was introduced – the Dallara IL-15 Mazda in its first season in Indy Lights Presented by Cooper Tires – and will now have their first full offseason to do IndyCar testing of its new car. Pigot has also helped to develop sports cars for Mazda in its prototype program the last couple years. Pigot, who turns 24 on Friday, will have a key role to play for Chevrolet's testing in the coming weeks, starting on Tuesday at Sebring.
Ganassi has only formally confirmed Scott Dixon as part of its 2018 lineup so any new driver would be testing later, once confirmed. Ganassi managing director Mike Hull outlined the testing process over the coming months below.
2018 SCHEDULE RELEASE IMMINENT
The good news for Verizon IndyCar Series fans is that most of the 2018 IndyCar calendar is known already, via dates released either from tracks themselves or other series set to compete at said tracks.
The lone hold-up for the full release, which was expected out this week but NBC Sports now understands will be held a bit further, is whether Mexico will be added as an 18th race along with the 17 races set to return next year.
Given that country's situation with its massive 7.1 earthquake on Sept. 19 and its associated aftershocks, it's not a shock that the country has slightly bigger issues to press on with at the moment.
And the good news we've discovered in our talks with INDYCAR officials is that we're heading into a schedule release without a large number of lingering questions. The schedule stability and date equity assembled over the last couple years has been a welcome contrast to the fluidity in years previous.
Along with the 2018 schedule, movement on IndyCar's future TV direction and entitlement sponsorship are likely to be big items behind-the-scenes at the INDYCAR offices. The current TV contract with NBCSN and ABC ends after 2018, as does Verizon's tenure as title sponsor.
OFFICIAL CONFIRMATIONS AT/OF CERTAIN TEAMS
Most of the Verizon IndyCar Series field is set for 2018 (silly season update one, post-Mid-Ohio and two, during Sonoma). There are 13 driver/team combinations made official thus far:
Team Penske (3, Chevrolet): Josef Newgarden, Simon Pagenaud, Will Power
Chip Ganassi Racing (1, Honda): Scott Dixon
Andretti Autosport (4, Honda): Ryan Hunter-Reay, Alexander Rossi, Marco Andretti, Zach Veach
Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing (2, Honda): Graham Rahal, Takuma Sato
Ed Carpenter Racing (2, Chevrolet): Spencer Pigot, Ed Carpenter
Dale Coyne Racing (1, Honda): Sebastien Bourdais
Beyond that, there are a wealth of “all but official” scenarios including:
James Hinchcliffe all but set to stay with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports
Tony Kanaan set to move to Foyt
Ed Jones planning to re-up with Coyne
Max Chilton, Carlin announcing a likely step-up
Gabby Chaves, Harding Racing locking down its program
Brendon Hartley moving from sports cars into Ganassi
Indy Lights champion Kyle Kaiser confirming their team choice
What that means on Sept. 25 is that realistically there's only three or four rides for 2018 yet to be determined if all those “all but official” scenarios become official in the coming weeks. Those would be the second seats at SPM and Foyt, the likely second seat at Carlin and the road/street course seat at Carpenter.
Like Harding and Carlin, Juncos Racing is also poised to run at least some IndyCar races, but whether it's a full-season remains to be seen. And like Carlin and Juncos, there's a wealth of Indy Lights drivers keen to make their way into IndyCar.
As it is, the fact most of the IndyCar grid is known or almost set before October 1 – even if many programs haven't been officially announced – is both rare and awesome to see at the same time. Teams need as much time to test their drivers with the new kits in the offseason, and so there's been a mad rush to get next year locked down ASAP.
It seems hard to believe, but the days of “TBA” appearing on an IndyCar entry list days before St. Petersburg may be at an end.
HELIO'S OFFICIALLY UNOFFICIAL SWAN SONG
What a couple weeks it's been for Helio Castroneves. Despite yet another top-five finish in the championship, Castroneves' Sonoma race felt like a goodbye to full-time competition in IndyCar, especially as they thanked members of the media in the race's aftermath.
Still, reports emerged heading into the weekend a fourth car full-time with Team Penske was still on the table. And partners Hitachi and Pennzoil also tweeted about Castroneves and their excellent season, which Castroneves re-tweeted.
Castroneves has tested Team Penske's new Acura ARX-05 sports car last week (video below) and their departure from full-time driving in IndyCar seems all but inevitable at this point.
Despite Castroneves' best efforts, it appears as though he's had their swan song. He'll be an asset to the Penske Acura program provided they wind up there, but IndyCar would feel their loss on the full-time grid. He's been someone to appreciate for 20 years, the last 18 at Team Penske.
OTHER INDYCAR DRIVERS IN SPORTS CARS
With Motul Petit Le Mans set for October 7, at least three IndyCar drivers – Scott Dixon, Sebastien Bourdais and Ryan Hunter-Reay – will be in action at the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship season finale at Road Atlanta. Dixon and Bourdais will be third drivers in Ford Chip Ganassi Racing Ford GTs while Hunter-Reay will be third driver in the No. 10 Konica Minolta Cadillac DPi-V.R, with the Taylor brothers.
Petit Le Mans and the Rolex 24 at Daytona always offer up a bevy of IndyCar drivers making guest appearances in sports car land. The latter event, with Team Penske premiering the asupervisorstioned Acura ARX-05 there, figures to have a wealth of IndyCar interest – and quite likely IndyCar drivers – split among its two cars.
WHAT OFFSEASON FUN, ANTICS ARE IN STORE?
Last year, IndyCar had James Hinchcliffe on ABC's “Dancing with the Stars” to carry it through the offseason.
Some of the other items IndyCar has released in recent years included Damien Power's offbeat “Exclusive: Behind the Scenes” interview series with drivers in 2015 and “The Offseason” digital shorts as modeled after NBC's “The Office.”
There's usually some degree of entertainment, fun and games that emerges from the IndyCar offices over the offseason and what the creative minds there come up with will be interesting to see.
Or, there's always more Visor Cam, which was utilized in-race this year starting at the Indianapolis 500 through to the Sonoma finale. Thanks to IMS Productions, this was one of racing's coolest innovations in years. Considering how much testing is scheduled, some more Visor Cam would easily satisfy the appetite of the IndyCar fan base heading into the five or six-month period without IndyCar racing.
MRTI'S OFFSEASON PLANS
We'll have more on this separately, but the Mazda Road to Indy presented by Cooper Tires also has a bit to look forward to this offseason. The two key items are the Chris Griffis Memorial Mazda Road to Indy test, the traditional event that takes place at Indianapolis Motor Speedway's road course October 20-22, and the delivery and debut for teams with the new Tatuus PM-18 chassis in the Pro Mazda Championship Presented by Cooper Tires series. Some teams have taken delivery of those now in anticipation of running next month.
Driver movement will also be afoot there as the next generation of IndyCar drivers seek to position themselves for 2019 and beyond.
Follow @TonyDiZinno
A A
SEATTLE (AP) - A man was arrested Tuesday on federal charges of posting Internet threats against a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, after a black teenager was shot and killed.
Defendant Jaleel Tarik Abdul-Jabbaar, 46, of Kirkland began posting threats on Facebook soon after the shooting of Michael Brown, according to the criminal complaint.
The complaint includes FBI Special Agent Brett Grover saying, "the threats relate to the widely publicized events of Aug. 9 during which Officer D.W. fatally shot Michael Brown."
The complaint does not specifically name then-Officer Darren Wilson as the victim of the threats. It's a policy to withhold the names of victims in such cases, said Emily Langlie, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Seattle.
Wilson later resigned from the Ferguson Police Department.
Abdul-Jabbaar made an initial appearance in U.S. District Court and was appointed a federal public defender. The judge set a detention hearing for Friday.
On Aug. 30, Abdul-Jabbaar posted, "we really need to start killing the police ... OOooopppss I mean our oppressors," the complaint said.
Federal prosecutors said Abdul-Jabbaar posted inflammatory messages for months that called on others to join them on a trip to Ferguson to "give back the bullets" that were fired at Brown.
Acting U.S. Attorney Annette Hayes said Americans have a right to speak out about current events and criticize the government, but "our freedom of speech does not, however, extend to making threats to kill or injure law enforcement officers."
Abdul-Jabbaar is facing three counts of making interstate threats. Each charge carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.
Atlus sets up European publishing team in London Japanese company to operate out of Sega Europe's offices
Christopher Dring Publisher Thursday 24th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Atlus
Persona publisher Atlus will handle the European publishing of its own titles going forward.
Previously the company had used third-party publishing partners, including Koch.
The move is part of the company's acquisition by Sega. The new team already features commercial director Simon Inch, and will add a PR manager and a product marketing manager in due course. All three will operate out of Sega Europe's offices in London.
The company says that it will enable them to better support fans with the special edition sets and products that they currently offer in the US and other markets.
"It is a strong example of the growth we are experiencing as a company," Says Jacob Nahin, senior PR manager at Atlus US. "Publishing in Europe is simply the next step for us. What this means initially for fans is a parity for launch and premium editions. From a business perspective, we'll be better positioned to address the needs of each market in which we release our titles."
Oilers also looking at Vatanen of the Anaheim Ducks…
This just in, Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman talking to Oilers uber-insider Bob Stauffer on Oilers Now and dropping a few trade rumour tidbits.
Stauffer mentioned the Oilers trying to upgrade at right defence from Justin Schultz by moving for either Sami Vatanen of Anaheim or Travis Hamonic of the Islanders, as both teams can use a scoring winger.
Stauffer earlier this week had talked about the Oilers trading a right-shot d-man soon, but did not name whom that right-shot d-man might be. They asked Friedman about the market for right-shot d-man Schultz.
“I wouldn't be surprised if we're getting near to the end of their time with the Edmonton Oilers,” Friedman said. “I mean the writing is very much on the wall. I think it is time. I think both the organization and the player need a fresh start. It's just not really changing there at all. I could see the Oilers not wanting to commit for whatever the salary is going to be for this year. I think there is a decent chance that a trade with them could happen.”
Friedman said they aren't optimistic about the New York Islanders signing winger Kyle Okposo, and Stauffer interjected that at the World Jr. tournament Islanders ace John Tavares had had success with Oilers winger Jordan Eberle.
Said Friedman: “I do believe we are getting closer to the day that Edmonton makes a move with one of its young forwards. I would say on the ranking of it probably (Jordan) Eberle one, (Ryan) Nugent-Hopkins two for a young player, for a defenceman. I think that everybody is looking at Hamonic and saying, ‘Is there going to be a match there?' I have no doubt that that is what the Oilers are considering. I have no doubt they're going to try to get it done.”
As for a trade with Anaheim, Friedman said: “The Anaheim thing I think is very interesting. I can't see Anaheim being in it for Schultz, considering all the history. But I do agree with you that Anaheim is going to be looking for a forward and I do think Anaheim is going to be looking for a forward soon…I definitely see a situation where Anaheim deals defence for forwards.”
Friedman said that Anaheim is a budget team so might not be able to handle a $6 million per year forward. “I think they'd prefer someone a little younger with a little bit easier contract status than that… I'm not sure if $6 million at the wing is something they can handle, though I admit I haven't asked (Ducks GM) Bob Murray.”
Friedman said Anaheim could move either Vatanen or (Hampus) Lindholm going. “Especially the one that Bob Murray thinks will be harder to sign, maybe not more money, but just harder.”
I should mention here that the Journal's Hall of Famer Jim Matheson first mentioned the Oilers interest in Vatanen about a month ago, writing on their list of things to watch for: “A trade for a defenceman, either before the Feb. 29 deadline or at the draft, which means the Oilers will probably have to dangle Nugent-Hopkins or maybe deal Jordan Eberle to the Anaheim Ducks for offensive defenceman Sami Vatanen, who's really good on the power play.
Stauffer mentioned that Buffalo's Tim Murray might want to move for Schultz.
My take
I've always felt that a Hamonic to the Oilers deal makes a ton of sense for both teams. We'll see if they're both ready now to deal.
I've written about Schultz and the Oilers in the above linked post, so I won't say anything more here. I have good first impressions of both Hamonic and Vatanen, but I've done no detailed scouting or assessment on either player at this point. One can hope that the Oilers are now going over video of every second both players have played this year and taking good notes, as opposed to relying on the available official and advanced stats, which can be more misleading than informative.
The only thing that really works in player evaluation is becoming a devout student of the game, watching a player closely and at length, taking careful notes and keeping good records. I'm not saying there's nothing to be learned from stats, far from it. Just be wary.
If it's Jordan Eberle on the move, the Oilers are selling low on him, as they got hurt early on and came back slowly from their injury. They also haven't had the benefit of playing with Taylor Hall much this year, Hall being a player who drives up every players' point production. That said, the Oilers organization as a whole should know well that they have a solid two-way winger in Eberle who can put up points. He's a good NHL player (and brilliant in three-on-three). It will be a huge move to trade him, much more so than trading Schultz, but it's also clear the Oilers have a major need at right defence.
As opposed to Hamonic and Vatanen, I have kept a close eye on Schultz and Eberle this year and kept notes. Here are the records, the code of my notes, the contributions (total contributions, as welll as major contributions only) to scoring chances at even strength (total chances, as well as Grade A chances only):
At the Cult
McCurdy: Chiarelli's next two big decisions
Tesla's Powerpacks are connected to a wind farm in Hornsdale, owned by French renewable energy company Neoen. Jay Weatherill, a politician and current Premier of South Australia, says it's the first time the state has been able to reliably dispatch wind energy to the grid 24 hours a day, seven days a week. It was possible, of course, to capture this energy resource before -- the problem has been controlling when, and how much of the resulting electricity is fed back into the grid. With a 100MWV battery farm, the state can now power more than 30,000 homes, regardless of the weather.
"The completion of the world's largest lithium-ion battery in record time shows that a sustainable, effective energy solution is possible," a Tesla spokesperson said. "We are proud to be part of South Australia's renewable energy future, and hope this project provides a model for future deployments around the world." Tesla has built similar battery farms before; a year ago, the company completed a 20 MW system in Ontario, California that can store up to 80 MWh of electricity. It took just 90 days for the company -- that hopes to commoditize electric cars, semi-trucks and home energy storage -- to install the necessary 396 Powerpacks.
Erik Simonsen/Getty
China is launching a rival to the International Space Station (ISS) – and it wants to share its new toy.
The China Manned Space Agency and the UN Office for Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) have announced a partnership that will let UN member states conduct experiments on and even send astronauts to the Chinese space station, due to start operating in the 2020s.
The UN and China say they are keen to get more nations involved in space activities. “This is an exciting opportunity to further build the space capacity of developing countries and increase understanding of the benefits space can bring to humankind,” said UNOOSA director Simonetta Di Pippo.
Advertisement
China is excluded from the ISS because of a US government ban on its participation. It's not clear if the other ISS partners – Russia, Japan, Canada and the member countries of the European Space Agency – will have access to China's station.
Later this year China will launch space lab Tiangong-2 to practise the skills needed to build the station.
This article appeared in print under the headline “Timeshare in space”
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp asked a federal court on Friday to throw out two U.S. government lawsuits accusing the nation's second-largest bank of defrauding investors during the financial crisis.
A sign for a Bank of America office is pictured in Burbank, California August 19, 2011. REUTERS/Fred Prouser
The U.S. Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission had accused the bank in lawsuits filed in August in its Charlotte, North Carolina hometown of fraud in its sale of $850 million of residential mortgage-backed securities.
Such cases are usually brought under the federal securities laws, under which authorities must prove that a defendant intended to break the law.
But the Justice Department case in particular relied on the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989. The government has turned increasingly to that law in pursuing cases linked to the financial crisis against banks, in part because of its 10-year statute of limitations.
In one of its filings with the Charlotte federal court on Friday, Bank of America accused the government of stretching that law beyond recognition.
“(D)espite repeatedly stating that the Bank violated the securities laws — (the Justice Department) conspicuously avoids bringing any claims under the securities laws,” the bank said in its motion.
A Justice Department spokesperson declined to comment.
SEPARATE VICTORY
The Justice Department has had some recent successes using FIRREA, including last month's victory in a separate trial in Manhattan federal court accusing Bank of America's Countrywide unit of selling defective home loans to government-controlled mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
The North Carolina cases, in contrast, involve securities backed by seemingly high-quality loans that were sold in early 2008 to other investors including the former Wachovia Corp, now part of Wells Fargo & Co.
Bank of America said letting the Justice Department case proceed “would create an unprecedented, new regime for regulating securities-in addition to and inevitably inconsistent with the federal securities laws.”
The lawsuit was a product of President Obama's Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group, which includes the Justice Department and other federal and state regulators, and pursues cases linked to the financial crisis.
That same group had been prepared in September to file a similar lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase & Co. It is now in talks to finalize a $13 billion deal to resolve that and other mortgage-related cases against the largest U.S. bank.
Attorney General Eric Holder has also said the Justice Department plans to file similar lawsuits against other financial institutions in the coming months.
Since 2010, Bank of America has agreed to pay more than $45 billion to settle legal and other claims stemming from the nation's housing and financial crises. It bought the former Countrywide Financial Corp in July 2008 and Merrill Lynch & Co six months later.
SERVING UP GENERALITIES
According to the North Carolina lawsuits, the bank made misleading statements and failed to disclose facts about the mortgages underlying the securities it sold.
In its Friday response, the bank said the Justice Department allegations were vague, and that there was no evidence even after a three-year investigation that any bank employees made statements they knew were false, or concealed problems in the securities they sold.
“Generalized assertions of ‘corporate' or ‘constructive' knowledge do not suffice as a matter of law, but that is all the complaint serves up,” the bank's lawyers said.
The cases are U.S. v. Bank of America Corp et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of North Carolina, No. 13-00446; and SEC v. Bank of America NA et al in the same court, No. 13-00447.
Unconditional Basic Income (part 1)
I propose to consider the idea of an unconditional basic income from what I might call a philosophical standpoint. While I think that such a proposal does have practical value, given how “radical” it appears in current American political terms, I think it might be more interesting to consider it as a thought-experiment. Indeed, the first question that begs to be answered is why—both on the left and the right—such an idea appears so radical.
Like all radical ideas, the proposal of an unconditional basic income forces us to confront the assumptions that underlie the values that guide the formation of political positions. We tend to consider our values as logical and therefore immutable, but if that were the case, there would never be any significant policy shifts. On the contrary, the same value paradigms that have been operating in America for generations have birthed a variety of different policy approaches. So in a sense there is a separability, a gap between one's values and the policies one chooses with which to implement them. In this gap is where the assumptions live. One easy way to discuss these assumptions is to talk about the meaning of the terms used in any given debate. And there appear to be many, many terms that the notion of an unconditional basic income forces us to reconsider.
In this first post, I will start by examining the term work.
In today's America, work is understood as both a necessity and a means of contributing to society. Work has a general positive connotation in the political sphere: we want people to be able to find work. Americans work hard, and that is a good thing.
Certainly work is seen somewhat differently by conservatives and liberals. Conservatives tend to see work as conferring dignity on a person who engages in it, and this dignity is related to the fact that someone who works is earning their keep rather than living off another person's work. Liberals, on the other hand, tend to believe that humans possess dignity inherently, and while work is a necessary part of life, it is essential that people not be lowered by it—i.e., it must not be undignified.
It may help perhaps to have two terms to distinguish between work that confers dignity and that that threatens it. Hannah Arendt, in their philosophical examination of the ancient Greek city-state, used the terms labor, work, and action in order to describe the relationship of different social classes to their work. Arendt defines labor as the kind of work that is necessary for survival. The products of such work are impermanent, i.e., one cannot stop growing food after each harvest, for humans need food constantly. In the Greek city-state, labor was reserved for slaves, a fact that expresses the Greek view that the further a man could be from the necessary, the more dignified were their activities. In between labor and action there was work, whose products left traces because they were not produced merely for immediate consumption. Tools, books, and buildings all fall into this category. Freemen could perform such work, but if a man was obligated to perform these activities in order to maintain himself, they were still not free in the ultimate sense, because only men who had none of these obligations could take part in political action. And political action was viewed as the highest form of human activity because it was through great words and great (political) deeds that a man could make a permanent name for himself. In short, the kinds of human activities were put in a hierarchy with the most ephemeral at the bottom and the most immortalizing at the top.
While this overall framework is not applicable to modern America, it is helpful to borrow the idea of a distinction between labor and work. The use of the term labor implies the threat to dignity that the obligation to activity implies. The power of necessity (whether it is the necessity of the harvest or of the factory's machines) can be in fact degrading: that's the value implications behind the term labor union (protecting the worker) and the holiday Labor Day (celebrating him). Work, on the other hand, carries the positive sense of a willing and dignified industriousness; it has meaning and human beings can take pride in their activity—the expressions creative work and body of work highlight this meaning.
But there is always a tension between work and labor in a capitalist economy, generated by the fact that a) the worker is constrained by the necessity of self-support to enter the market (the labor market) and b) the value of the worker's activity is not in their own control, but is set either by their employer or by the overall market itself. (An easy example: I can take as much pride in this blog as I want, but it isn't “worth” anything, economically speaking.)
What conservatives and liberals differ over today is precisely the source of pride (dignity) of work. Conservatives tend to believe that unless people are properly incentivized, they will refuse to work; the only way to instill dignity (the work ethic) is to insist that people work. The kind of work is not at issue; just the submission to the necessity of it confers dignity. Therefore they tend to be against a robust welfare system, believing that it will only discourage people from working.
On the other hand, liberals tend to believe that certain conditions must be met for work to be dignified. They tend to assume that most people have an innate drive to pursue some activity or another, and also a willingness to participate in society and provide for themselves and their families. In short, they view programs such as tax credits and unemployment benefits as necessary corollaries to a market-based system that does not offer jobs or decide salaries based on needs, but on its own profit-based criteria.
It is actually kind of remarkable that these understandings of work have remained this stable, considering the incredible shifts in the global economy over the last several decades. Obviously, the first shift is that of globalization itself: America used to make a lot of things, but we really don't anymore—and even if we started to once again, it isn't going to look like it used to in the glory days of the factory. The reason for this is the second shift in the economy: technology. Computers and their mechanized body equivalents, robots, have simply made it unnecessary for humans to do many tasks.
It is worth dwelling on the implications of this second shift. One take on a machine being available to do something boring and repetitive instead of a human is a sense of liberation: humans are ‘freed' by the existence of machines for higher-order activities. The notion that dignity is achieved through such a liberation from strictly necessary, mundane labor is very much in line with distinctions that Arendt draws, although in a different political context. Indeed, this idealist strain of liberation is a hallmark of communist theory/philosophy; it was truly believed by many that technology would set humans free from the necessities of labor. While that notion may seem naive these days, it is not without truth that we owe to machines and other technological infrastructure the fact that we don't all have to farm in order to eat.
Philosophical notions of liberation aside, most liberals react with concern to the notion that mechanization is reducing the need for human labor. Since they understand that a market-based system will only employ as much labor as is absolutely necessary, the most likely result is poverty for people whose labor goes unused. This is a social rather than an economic problem; even if it is felt that the current levels of income inequality slow down the rate of economic growth, the bottom line is that the rich really do not need to employ more people to keep getting richer. The reason is that they don't need labor because their money works for them to make more money.
This is the third shift I want to mention: the fact that money can now be used by itself to make money. In my mind, this upsets the work-renumeration equation for good. Sadly, neither political party is doing a good enough job acknowledging this: progressives characterize the income canyon between a cashier and a CEO as “unfair” and thus propose band-aids on the market system (caps on CEO pay or minimum wage laws); conservatives argue (against all evidence) that the super-rich are "job creators". But the fact is that neither one of those stances really captures what work has become in the here and now, which is the fact the the wealth currently produced in today's economy is no longer recognizably proportional to a particular individual's expended effort.
The fact is, wealthy people who use financial instruments to make money are not working—nor, in most cases, are they even using the labor of others—but they are nonetheless getting richer. In light of the increasing wealth of the financial industries, we should all be questioning the legitimacy of the old assumption that people who earn more have necessarily worked harder or smarter. This idea that more effort (or greater skill) generates a greater return is merely the improper extension of a metaphor that originated in the physical domain of human experience: agriculture. It was certainly true that those who better prepared the fields and weeded more got a better harvest (all other factors like weather and soil quality) being equal. But Wall Street isn't like that—it resembles a Vegas casino way more than it resembles a family farm.
This is why the notion of a guaranteed basic income is so powerful: it actually takes into account the way that work functions in today's society. Think about it: if you award every adult citizen the means with which to live, you can simultaneously honor two core principles (one liberal, one conservative): 1) the dignity of a human being is inherent and is not a product of the compulsion to work; 2) excessive regulation is the enemy of the free market.
In the next post, I will discuss how the institution of a basic guaranteed income scheme promotes both these principles.
Some time ago I wrote a blog post called Of Fists And Noses. It referred to a phrase often repeated in Portugal (at least in my school) after the revolution. It was “your right to swing your fist stops at the end of my nose.”
Like every other of those pseudo-profound pronouncements of the seventies, like “we're all naked under our clothes” and “People weren't born with scissors to cut their hair” it sounds like the result of long and deep thought, but it really isn't. In fact, it's the sort of sentence that would only convince someone who has been toking all day and it should automatically be ended in “man.” As in “We're all naked under our clothes, man.”
Looked at one way that sort of pronouncement is obvious. Yep, we're naked under our clothes, duh. And yep, for whatever reason our primitive ancestors must have had really long hair, duh. And yep, your right to swing your fist is not the right to run around punching people, duh.
But looked at from the practical point, all of those declarations are completely beside the point and the only appropriate answer to it is “And what?”
Because we're naked under our clothes doesn't mean it's a jolly good idea to expose yourself to children, make restaurant chairs unsanitary and scare the horses by removing those clothes obscuring your nudity. And if our distant ancestors went about with hair to their waist, and tangled and matted and full of lice (they also weren't born with soap and/or combs) it doesn't mean it wouldn't be a public health hazard for you to go around that way now.
Now, if you wish to keep your hair long and clean, (or dirty, provided I'm not forced to socialize with you) or go around naked, it's none of my business, but the sentence used to justify it doesn't, has nothing to do with it and taken to its extreme would set all sorts of crazy precedents. Like, you know, “Humans weren't born in houses, man.” (No construction is needed) And “We're all hungry before we eat” (So, why mitigate hunger.)
However, the fist and nose thing is possibly the worst ever. If your right to swing your fist ends at the tip of my nose, what if I move my nose and rest it on your fist, so you can't move.
Oh, come on, Sarah, now you're just being silly!
Well, if you had told me that objection when I was eleven or twelve, and though that a perfectly reasonable pronouncement, I'd have told you that the objection was silly.
It's just that over the last thirty years I've seen that objection playing up.
In effect what it means is that no right is absolute.
Just yesterday I was talking to mom, whose house got broken into, thank heavens while no one was home (home invasion is rife in Portugal) and talking about the right to your property, which involves the right of defense.
They were appalled at my statement that if anyone breaks into your house in Colorado you can shoot them and not be tried for murder. Apparently a neighbor, tired of having their business broken into, constructed an elaborate trap to catch the burglar. Part of the trap was a noose. It somehow mis-fired and got the burglar around the neck, killing him.
Keep in mind this was the same burglar that had cleaned out this small craftsman TWICE before. The business owner was arrested, tried and convicted of murder.
Their right to protect their livelihood ended at the end of the burglar's nose. And the burglar brought their nose right into the craftsman's property.
What right do you have to your property when anyone can break in and you can do nothing, lest you hurt them?
In the same way, take the right of owning guns for said self defense. Even in the US, arguably one of the most free gun-owning country in the world, we keep getting hemmed in with regulations demanded by loud people who imagine their nose is being touched by our fist (I.e. they imagine we want guns for offense, not defense, and it never occurs to them that those who do want guns for offense are not law abiding and get them anyway) so that depending on the area of the country you can't own guns at all; you must lock them up so securely you can't access them in an emergency; you can only own the guns the say you can own, etc.
Or let's go with the most basic of all rights, the right of free speech. This is the one where touching someone's “nose” is all the easiest. As two luminaries of science fiction found out when they used the word “ladies” to refer to women they admired, it's always easy for the perpetually inflamed noses of those seeking to take offense at something, anything, to claim to have been punched.
As we found out in Sad Puppies, when we tried to break the stranglehold of a small clique on what was until two weeks ago claimed to be the most prestigious award in the field, the perpetually offended can claim you are racist, sexist and homophobic, because they “feel” you punched those noses, not even theirs. They can claim this even if it's completely countered by the reality of the slate proposed. They can claim this because who is to judge whether their nose felt a punch except themselves? How can you counter it?
We've seen way too much of this, including that famous case in which a statue of a sleep walking male terrorized a whole college full of supposedly rational women; and the sad fact that literature professors now have to give trigger warnings before advocating the reading of anything even vaguely controversial.
And just recently, the Honey Badgers, the same nice people who interviewed Brad and Mike and I last week, got kicked out of a con in Calgary for “engaging in harassment of panelists.” Their recording of the panel is here and here. Judge for yourselves.
It reminded me of that quote of Moshe Feder over the Sad Puppies thing, you know: “starve them out: stop inviting them and theirs to conventions. That means authors, editors, cover artists, even whole publishers. ”
This because the perpetually offended can't help but feel they've been punched when someone disagrees with them. Note that Larry Correia called for NOT punishing all of Tor for the actions of some of their editors. The other side, though? Yeah. Their feelings have been hurt. And they have no morals. Mostly because their right to hurt others has never been questioned, and when it is they try to shut down the questioners. (And, oh, Moshe, darling, you guys have been trying to do that to us for … my entire career. The only difference now is that we're not afraid anymore. I don't think it will be easier for you at this point than when we cowered in fear of losing our livelihood. There's Amazon, there's indie, and I'd like you to contemplate my middle fingers.)
In fact, when it comes to the right of free speech, it should be the most patently obvious that the whole noses and fists thing is insane. Because speech is not a physical action.
Sure it can have a physical consequence. Entertainment Weekly, the Grauniad, and lately the New Republic knew very well what they were doing when they painted Sad Puppies as racist, homophobic and sexist. They were trying to get the aggrieved-nose brigades to take action on their behalf. The fact that the articles were easily proven lies doesn't matter unless people who read those outlets check the facts, something that so far they've proven notoriously averse to doing.
Now those three might have/probably have crossed the line into libel. I don't know where the consideration is on legal action at the moment. It's more difficult than it seems. Those are big publications, with legal teams, and we're a rag tag of normal people with … normal to small resources.
The power to stop libelous or lying or hurtful speech is always a theoretical one. The power to stop your speech-fist by claiming it hurts my “nose” whether it really does or not is a power vested in those that already have societal power.
It requires amplification in the media, an ability to play the victim, and the approval of the ruling “elite.” Stopping speech, no matter who does it, supposed private parties or the government, is always a tool of power, an act of punching down. It requires the approval of the powers that be.
The entire libel against Sad Puppies is an act of the clique, allied to a larger cultural self-proclaimed “elite” to keep power. They deny the right of free speech of those who paid $40 for the right to vote on the best novel/short story/movie/associated post, etc. of the year, by claiming that speech is somehow “wrong speech.”
In the same way the bureaucracy in charge of the largest association of writers of sf/f punched down by declaring that “ladies” was somehow hateful and hurt people.
We won't even go into the other craziness from that association.
And now of course, it's wrong and evil for our side of things to defend itself and to set the record straight on attempts to suppress us. Having been self-defined from above as haters, our speech touches everyone's metaphorical noses, even when it doesn't.
The right of free speech is meaningless when you only have the right to say that which society approves of.
No one has ever tried to ban speech that lauds mother and apple pie (well, maybe now, but that's a long story.) No one has ever had a fit over your complimenting their lawn.
The right of free speech is by necessity a protection for unpleasant, unpalatable speech. It is the right to call someone in power a right son of a b*tch. It is the right to say things that are hurtful, whether they're true or not. It is the right to proclaim that the king goes naked, even if it hurts the self esteem of everyone who has been lying to themselves and telling themselves they wear clothes of the finest silk.
Sometimes the metaphorical nose of the listener needs to be pounded with the metaphorical fist of mean words. Because it's the only thing that can stop tyrannical actions or misguided but widely accepted ones.
Absent the right to say what hurts others, a society can careen head first into an abyss. Because it's always easy to claim you're offended at something you don't want to hear, and that therefore the speaker shouldn't be allowed to say it.
And that speech-stopping power is never evenly distributed. It's always higher on the part of those who have connections in the press, friends in the bureaucracy, and who can amplify their teary cries and stop what they want stopped.
The right to stop speech you don't like is ALWAYS an act of punching down, an act of speaking power to truth. (Or lies, but it's amazing how often it is the truth that those self-selected, connected elites want stopped.)
Which is why the idea that my right to speak is stopped by your right to take offense is an open door to totalitarianism and censorship. If claiming that speech “offends” someone is enough to stop it, you're giving those who already have the power to defame, destroy and character-assassinate more power and preventing those who would talk against them from speaking.
Yes, words can hurt you, despite the old ditty. But the only way to equalize your ability to hurt with words is to remove all penalty for “wrong words” and “wrong thought.”
If I can't tell you when your nose is pushing into my fist, how will you know you've become overbearing.
If you take away a civil society's way to correct wrongs, you leave only an uncivil way. That way lies war, real violence, and far more things getting hurt than feelings.
Take your nose out of my fist, pull your pants up. Learn to interact in civil society. Before you lose it.
Like this: Like Loading... Related
SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Ferrari are still waiting to take the fight to Formula One champions Mercedes after a Russian Grand Prix that left even their dominant rivals surprised by the gap in performance.
Mercedes F1 driver Nico Rosberg of Germany (C) jumps on the podium as they celebrate victory during the Russian Grand Prix. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
“We've always said that they've been close but this weekend they were not close at all,” Mercedes winner and championship leader Nico Rosberg told reporters after their seventh win in succession on Sunday.
“We were really far ahead this weekend and that's been impressive to see.”
Rosberg said the unique characteristics of the Sochi asphalt might have accounted for some of the advantage but Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene was not looking for excuses.
Their post-race telephone conversation with hard-minded company president Sergio Marchionne was not going to give them any pleasure either.
“For sure they are not going to be amused,” said the Italian.
Even bad luck, with four-times world champion Sebastian Vettel taken out at the start when Red Bull's Russian Daniil Kvyat twice drove into the back of him, could not hide the failings.
Vettel was seventh on the grid, and next to Kvyat, only because of a penalty for an earlier gearbox failure and replacement.
Kimi Raikkonen, who took Ferrari's 700th grand prix podium, finished third but 31 seconds behind Rosberg who had already turned down their power unit and had no need to push.
“On the Sochi circuit yes, I was surprised,” said Arrivabene. “Believe me: I don't want this to happen again.
“I don't think things can be explained as bad luck, there are mostly human mistakes behind the story.”
Arrivabene said Ferrari had to improve reliability. They felt sure, however, that the car had yet to show its true potential and the combination of more favorable tracks and engine tweaks would help.
Raikkonen agreed, even if the task was formidable with Mercedes having won the last 10 races and 36 out of 42 since the start of 2014.
“We know quite a few small things that we want to improve, and we know that there are some improvements coming,” said the Finn. “But Mercedes were very fast for the last few years and they are fast this year.
“I don't think that so far this year we have ever really put together a really clean weekend either so that doesn't help,” they added.
“You cannot give anything away and expect to beat a team like them... we are behind where we want to be but I'm sure as a team we will get there.”
By Eurasia Review
Spain received authorization on January 12 from the Chinese Government to open 12 new Visa Application Centres (VAC) in China, the Spanish government said.
The VACs are offices that receive applications for Schengen visas (short-term visas with a maximum validity of 90 days per half-year) for standard passport holders. The new offices will be opened in Chengdu, Jinan, Hangzou, Nanjing, Fuzhou, Changsha, Shenyang, Kunming, Chongqing, Xi'an, Shenzen and Wuhan.
By opening these new centers, the processing of short-term visas will be considerably expedited, which will significantly increase visits from Chinese citizens to Spain for tourism, business and investment purposes.
“This is all expected to have a very positive impact on bilateral economic flows between Spain and China,” according to the Spanish government.
The VACs are scheduled to begin operations during the month of February, once the raft of agreements on consular issues agreed at the latest EU-China Summit, on June 29, 2015, are completed.
“The implementation of the VACs is a major effort from Spain to strengthen our ties with China, a decisive commitment to increase the flow of entrepreneurs and tourists and a positive example of the excellent state of relations between the two countries,” the Spanish government said.
Activists gathered to protest the ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi
This week marks the fourth anniversary of the death of at least 900 protesters at the hands of the Egyptian security forces.
The activists were slaughtered during the violent dispersal of protest camps set up to oppose the ouster of the country's first democratically-elected leader, Mohammed Morsi weeks earlier on July 3rd 2013.
Military officials claimed that the settlements at Rabaa al Adawiya and al-Nahda squares in the Egyptian capital had become hotbeds of extremism and threatened national security.
On August 14 2013, the military regime stepped in determined to clear the areas of protesters by any means necessary.
In just a few hours at least 900 civilians were brutally killed and thousands more injured with some estimates placing the number even higher.
Those killed included protesters and Egyptian and foreign media professionals with many other journalists detained and imprisoned for doing their job on the day.
Internationally, many countries condemned the event, widely known as the Rabaa massacre while human rights organisations were quick to lambast abuses by the country's security forces.
Within months, the Muslim Brotherhood had been declared illegal and branded as a terrorist organisation by the government in Cairo. Meanwhile a harsh crackdown was launched against those who protested to call for justice for their friends and relatives killed during the clashes.
In January 2016, the four-fingered symbol which had become synonymous with the call for justice was banned and effectively meant that anybody who spoke out against the massacre faced jail and a fine of up to 30,000 Egyptian pounds.
"President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's regime has been determined to wipe out all memory of the massacre of the summer of 2013. The dark legacy of this failure to bring anyone to justice is that Egypt's security forces today feel that they will not be held accountable for committing human rights violations," said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty International.
Internationally, many countries condemned the event, widely known as the Rabaa massacre while human rights organisations were quick to lambast abuses by the country's security forces.
Within months, the Muslim Brotherhood had been declared illegal and branded as a terrorist organisation by the government in Cairo. Meanwhile, a harsh crackdown was launched against those who protested to call for justice for their friends and relatives killed during the clashes.
In January 2016, the four-fingered symbol which had become synonymous with the call for justice was banned and effectively meant that anybody who spoke out against the massacre faced jail and a fine of up to 30,000 Egyptian pounds.
“President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's regime has been determined to wipe out all memory of the massacre of the summer of 2013. The dark legacy of this failure to bring anyone to justice is that Egypt's security forces today feel that they will not be held accountable for committing human rights violations,” said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty International.
Four years on, not a single official has been held accountable for the hundreds of civilian deaths which took place on that day.
Media outlets in Egypt have towed the government line that the massacre was necessary to combat “potential terrorism” and pointing to the fact that police officers were also killed during the clashes as evidence that the thousands inside the square were violent extremists.
“The Rabaa dispersal marks a defining turning point for human rights in Egypt. In the years since then, security forces have stepped up violations and varied their methods, carrying out enforced disappearances and extrajudicial executions on a scale never seen before,”Bounaim added.
Today, hundreds of families suffer in silence without justice for their dead and many others are afraid to speak about the events of August 14, 2013, for fear of government reprisals or being labeled an Islamist, a brand which can have deadly consequences under the current regime.
“The level of disparity between the rampant impunity enjoyed by security forces who took part in the Rabaa dispersal on one hand, and the mass persecution of Muslim Brotherhood supporters who participated in protest as well as journalists reporting that day, is shocking,” Bounaim added.
Former Secretary of State John Kerry wasted no time condemning President Trump's decision not to recertify, and to possibly withdraw from, the disastrous nuclear deal with Iran that Kerry negotiated on behalf of their boss Barack Obama. President Trump insisted on significant improvements to the Joint Plan of Comprehensive Action (JCPOA), as the deal is formally known. The JCPOA's fundamental flaws that President Trump wants fixed include Iran's ability to block unfettered international inspections, the wiggle room that Iran is exploiting to continue developing and testing ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons, and the sunset clause on nuclear enrichment that would provide Iran a clear path to becoming a nuclear armed state after the current restrictions are lifted. Obama and Kerry had promised that these issues would be dealt with satisfactorily before agreeing to the final terms of the JCPOA. Instead they caved to Iranian pressure in order to get the deal done.
Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump's decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people.” It was the Obama administration that recklessly abandoned the facts in pressing ahead with the deal. The Obama administration lied to the American people, abandoning its own promises to ensure that the deal contained ironclad protections. Moreover, all that President Trump has done so far is to return the JCPOA to Congress for review. Had Obama followed the Constitution and submitted the JCPOA to the Senate as a treaty in the first place, the JCPOA in its present form almost certainly would not have been approved. Congress should now have the opportunity to revisit the JCPOA to determine whether the protections that the Obama administration promised are working as advertised. Congress should also consider whether time limits on Iran's commitments continue to make sense in light of what we are now experiencing with Iran's nuclear technology collaborator, North Korea. It bought time to turn into a full-fledged nuclear power under our noses.
Kerry had promised that the Iranian regime would be prohibited from testing ballistic missiles. This turned out to be a lie. After the JCPOA was finalized, with no such prohibition included, Iran continued to test such missiles. The Obama administration's response was that the missiles had become a separate issue, to be dealt with under a new United Nations Security Council resolution endorsing the JCPOA. The new resolution replaced clear prohibitions imposed on Iran's ballistic missile program with a weak declaration in an annex that simply “calls upon” Iran not to undertake any activity such as development and test launches related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons for eight years.
Iran has tested several ballistic missiles during the last two years, including two Qadr H missiles with the phrase “Israel must be wiped out” emblazoned on the sides. The commander of Iran's Army, Major General Ataollah Salehi, had told reporters just a month before the launch of those missiles that Iran was "neither paying any attention to the resolutions against Iran, nor implementing them. This is not a breach of the JCPOA.”
Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin, spurning requests from Obama administration officials to impose sanctions against Iran under the Security Council resolution, asserted that the Iranian missile test did not violate the resolution. “A call is different from a ban so legally you cannot violate a call, you can comply with a call or you can ignore the call, but you cannot violate a call,” the Russian ambassador said. In short, the JCPOA did not cover the missile tests and the replacement UN Security Council resolution that did mention the missiles is toothless.
Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes told CNN, during an interview aired on April 6, 2015, that under the deal's terms then still being negotiated, “you will have anywhere, anytime, 24/7 access as it relates to the nuclear facilities that Iran has." Rhodes claimed that “if we see a site that we need to inspect on a military facility, we can get access to that site and inspect it. So if it's a suspicious site that we believe is related to its nuclear efforts, we can get access and inspect that site through the IAEA.” This was another lie. After the JCPOA was finalized in July 2015, Rhodes shamelessly denied that anytime, anywhere inspections were ever considered as part of the negotiations. “We never sought in this negotiation the capacity for so-called anytime, anywhere,” Rhodes said on July 14, 2015.
The JCPOA's supporters, including Kerry, have made much of the fact that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has on several occasions verified Iran's compliance with its commitments under the JCPOA, keeping its stock of low-enriched uranium below the limit set forth in the JCPOA and not pursuing further construction of the Arak reactor. Iran was found to have slightly exceeded the limit on its stock of heavy water, but has remedied the problem to the IAEA's satisfaction. IAEA chief Yukiya Amano reiterated in a statement they issued on October 9th that Iran has remained in compliance with its JCPOA commitments.
The problem, as any clear-eyed observer of the process recognizes, is that the IAEA relies on Iran for self-inspection of certain sites that the regime does not want the IAEA to inspect freely on its own. IAEA inspectors have avoided examining military sites it knows exists and has no reliable way of tracking undeclared sites. The IAEA's explanation for not visiting any of Iran's known military sites is that it had “no reason to ask” for access. Evidently, the IAEA is supposed to block out the fact that Iran had conducted tests relevant to nuclear bomb detonations at a military site before the JCPOA's finalization in 2015. The IAEA should just pretend that such tests could not possibly happen again.
“Nobody is allowed to visit Iran's military sites,” said Iran's Head of Strategic Research Center at the Expediency Council and adviser to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Ali Akbar Velayati. Intimidation works. The IAEA knows not to ask.
As to the JCPOA's sunset provisions, the Obama administration lied about that too. Kerry claimed on September 2, 2015 that the JCPOA “never sunsets. There's no sunset in this agreement.”
This month Kerry has resorted to parsing words. They claim the phrase 'sunset provisions' is a “misnomer,” before then defending the JCPOA's time limits. "We were comfortable because the cap on Iran's low-enriched uranium stockpile remains in place until 2030,” Kerry wrote in an article published in the Washington Post late last month. In other words, let's just kick the can down the road and hope for a more reasonable Iranian regime in 13 years that would agree to extend the time limits. In the meantime, Kerry advises us not to worry. Kerry declared, “15 or 25 years from now, we still have the same military options we have today.”
John Kerry has obviously learned nothing from the North Korean fiasco, which resulted from years of phony agreements with the rogue regime and so-called “strategic patience.” The United States clearly does not have the same military options today to deal with a nuclear armed North Korea as it did 23 years ago when former President Bill Clinton decided not to use military force to stamp out North Korea's nuclear program at its inception. Instead, Clinton started us down the primrose path of naïve diplomacy with a duplicitous regime that now is on the verge of being able to strike the U.S. mainland with nuclear warheads delivered by intercontinental ballistic missiles. It is precisely because North Korea's actions over the last 23 years have proven that making concessions to a rogue regime in order to obtain denuclearization commitments is so dangerous that President Trump does not want to make the same mistake with Iran.
America's European allies are also upset with President Trump for refusing to recertify the deal and threatening to pull out if certain conditions are not met. British Prime Minister Theresa May, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a joint statement last Friday praising the JCPOA and its implementation. They said that the nuclear deal with Iran was “the culmination of 13 years of diplomacy and was a major step towards ensuring that Iran's nuclear programme is not diverted for military purposes. Therefore, we encourage the US Administration and Congress to consider the implications to the security of the US and its allies before taking any steps that might undermine the JCPOA, such as re-imposing sanctions on Iran lifted under the agreement.”
Perhaps these European leaders should remember their own history. Appeasement through phony deals with a rogue dictatorship does not work, as proven by the infamous Munich Pact signed by British and French Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Edouard Daladier with German Chancellor Adolf Hitler seventy-nine years ago.
Anti-abortion activists hold placards infront of the US Supreme Court during the annual March for Life (AFP)
By Verna Gates
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama (Reuters) – A measure to extend the waiting period for abortions in Alabama to 48 hours is headed to the governor's desk, but an effort to ban the procedure after evidence of a fetal heartbeat appears stalled in the legislative session that ends on Thursday.
The state Senate approved a bill on Wednesday that would lengthen the current waiting period of 24 hours before an abortion can be performed.
If signed by the governor, the legislation could be challenged in court by Planned Parenthood, which operates two clinics in Alabama, said Nikema Williams, vice president of public policy for Planned Parenthood Southeast.
“This is government intrusion at its finest,” they said.
Only Utah and South Dakota require a waiting period of more than 24 hours, both states setting theirs at 72 hours, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit sexual health research organization.
The measure in Alabama passed after a filibuster from Senator Vivian Figures, a Democrat who opposed the bill.
In an attempt to demonstrate its invasive nature, Figures proposed an amendment prohibiting vasectomies except to prevent death or disability and also requiring a 48-hour waiting period. The amendment was voted down primarily along gender lines.
Two other abortion bills approved by House lawmakers last month will not be considered by the Senate, said Derek Trotter, spokesperson for Senate President Pro Tem Del Marsh.
One sought to prohibit abortions after a heartbeat was detected, which can be as early as five or six weeks into a pregnancy. The other called for a woman carrying a fetus with a lethal anomaly to consider perinatal hospice options.
“Similar laws are being challenged in federal court, and we are waiting to see the outcomes before we tax our own resources,” Trotter said.
The Senate could vote on Thursday on a measure passed by the House that is aimed at tightening restrictions for minors seeking an abortion.
The bill requires a parent or guardian's approval before the procedure. If a female minor wishes to forego that approval, it must be proven in court that they cannot consult with their parents, and the court can appoint a guardian ad litem for the unborn child.
A federal judge on Wednesday set a May trial date to determine whether a 2013 Alabama law requiring doctors who perform abortions to obtain hospital admitting privileges poses a significant impediment for women seeking an abortion.
(Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Gunna Dickson)
The 11th District Court of Appeals has denied an appeal by TJ Lane , whose lawyers argued that their client should not have been sentenced to life without parole — three consecutive life sentences — because they were a juvenile at the time of the Chardon High School shooting.
Lane shot and killed three students and injured two others in February, 2012.
Judge Cynthia Westcott Rice was unmoved by oral arguments on behalf of Lane in March.
"Appellant did not act on impulse, on provocation, or under pressure from peers or adults," today's ruling read. "To the contrary, they planned this attack weeks in advance before they went to school that day with a loaded gun. They shot three young students to death. They shot another student several times, confining them to a wheelchair and subjecting them to a life of pain and disability. Appellant also brought indescribable pain, grief, and lifelong tragedy to the victims' families."
Barring escape or death, Lane will be in prison for life.
Each week Just Blog Baby Podcast cohost and resident draftnik Rory Anderson will be releasing their most recent version of their three round NFL Mock Draft featuring comments from JBB Editor Chase Ruttig. Here are Rory's Round One selection after the Super Bowl.
#1 Houston Texans: Teddy Bridgewater, QB UL
Rory's Take: Texans insider John McClain said the Texans will take a quarterback in round one the issue is who. Well in that case you pretty much consider this pick as set in stone until we start considering trades. The trickle down here is what the Texans choose to do with Schaub which could affect other teams.
Chase's Take: More and more reports keep coming out attaching the Texans to a quarterback in the first round, whether it is with the first pick or it comes via a trade down with another team it is getting safer and safer to assume that Houston will be looking for their franchise QB come draft day. This week we put the consensus the best QB available at #1, but it could very well be either Johnny Manziel or Blake Bortles that end up in Houston as well. Just don't bet it on being Derek Carr as the Texans probably couldn't get away with that.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch sketched out their plans for the Fox Business Network on Friday, saying they will spend years nurturing the new channel to win over more than half of the business news audience.
News Corp Chairman Rupert Murdoch speaks at the Web 2.0 summit in San Francisco, California, October 17, 2007. Murdoch sketched out their plans for the Fox Business Network on Friday, saying they will spend years nurturing the new channel to win over more than half of the business news audience. REUTERS/Kimberly White
The News Corp NWSa.N chairperson and chief executive confirmed media reports that their media conglomerate intended to invest $150 million to $200 million over three years in FBN, including about $70 million in fiscal 2008.
Aiming to repeat the success of the Fox News Channel, which unseated CNN as the top cable news network four years after its launch, FBN is part of Murdoch's ambitions to build a global financial media powerhouse in print, the Internet and TV.
“I view FBN's growth in terms of years, not months,” they told reporters following News Corp's annual shareholders meeting.
The 76-year-old mogul said they aimed to chip away at the competition — the market leader for cable business news is CNBC — while forging a broader audience beyond day traders and finance professionals.
“We'd like to take some of their viewers,” they told reporters, referring to CNBC. “Our objective is to have more than half of it,” they said, referring to business news viewers.
While some critics question whether there was room for a third cable business news channel after CNBC and Bloomberg TV, Murdoch pointed out that their investments pay off.
They said the company's $900 million investment in the Fox News Channel is expected to earn at least as much annually. Its value, they said, is to exceed $10 billion.
Longer term, News Corp aims to launch local versions of Fox Business in other countries. It's “somewhere down the road. We'll come to that,” they said.
News Corp's more than $70 billion market capitalization slipped past Time Warner Inc TWX.N to steal the title of the world's largest media company for a brief moment this month. Its market value has slipped back down below Time Warner's this week, but Murdoch's ambition has not.
Their recent $5 billion deal to buy The Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones & Co Inc DJ.N is expected to bolster News Corp's coverage around the world and Murdoch repeated a commitment to invest in the newspaper and its Web properties.
“There's a real hunger, not just in the United States, but across the globe for financial news with the huge worldwide expansion and globalization of business,” they said. “We are set to become the premier provider of the accurate and credible financial information they demand.”
Murdoch said they expected to expand digital editions of the Wall Street Journal worldwide and launch new “vertical” sites around specific sectors of interest. They did not elaborate.
“Senior management has formulated a long term plan to integrate the unique properties of Dow Jones with our complementary assets and overall corporate and digital strategies,” Murdoch said.
Jonathan Ames. Photo: Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images
Jonathan Ames — the creator, writer, and executive producer of Bored to Death, versus the main character on the show, also named Jonathan Ames but played by Jason Schwartzman (got that?) — is still reeling from the news that their show has been canceled. He's taking consolation in the fact that the original series of Star Trek was also canceled after its third season, and that like what happened with Arrested Development, Firefly, and Damages, cancellation doesn't always mean death. Vulture checked in with Ames to say farewell to the show (for now), find out just what was going on with that ongoing incest story line, and see if he'll buy us a drink.
How are you holding up?
Okay. Pretty good. I'm kind of in a numb state. I have a cold, just so you don't think I've been weeping. Don't write, “Ames' voice was froggy from weeping!”
How did you first find out that the show was being canceled?
In years past, I'd be told to get to work on the next season by mid-November, so I knew for a while it wasn't looking great. I kind of feel like I've been in the stages of mourning: denial, teeth gnashing, acceptance, confusion — wait, that's not one of the stages, is it? The show was like a Summer Stock theater group to me. We'd all get together for three months and get incredibly close. It was sort of like the circus life. And our friendship was somewhat based on this shared purpose, so it's sad to lose that. When I told Ted Danson the news, they said, “I can't believe we're not going to get together and laugh for three months.”
Was it because of the ratings? Or did the network have one too many incest themes on its shows?
The incest didn't have anything to do with it. HBO said they were pleased with the show, creatively, so I always had hope there was room in the budget for us. But Sunday night is their night. They don't have a lot of room for their original programming on the schedule, and being on Monday nights was a problem. That's never a good night for HBO, in the sense of traditional live viewership, since you're going up against Two and a Half Men and Monday Night Football. And I totally understand the whole thing of not wanting to sit down when someone tells you to. But if you count all the DVR, HBO Go, replay viewership, we were in the millions. That's one of the things that's annoyed me a little bit about the coverage of the cancellation — the numbers were not weak. We've done extremely well in nontraditional viewership, and we've had a very generous critical response. Maybe we need to change the model.
Petitions are already springing up online to save the show.
It's very sweet. I don't want to discourage it, but I'm embarrassed. There are so many other important things out there in the world, but perhaps signing a petition is easy enough. I don't know what the future holds.
Would you rather have the show live on in another capacity, or move on to a new project?
Hopefully no matter what happens, they'll live in the audience's minds, like they're still out there, getting stoned and screwing up. Half seeing, half blind. This would be a weird identity thing for me, but maybe I'll write a book from the fourth season from the point of view of Jonathan Ames, the character. That would even confuse me! [Laughs.] I have ideas for a fourth season that could translate nicely into a fun caper/detective movie. One of the things I wanted to explore was that as Jonathan became a more capable detective, we could increase the action and the slapstick and the adventures. A comic book could be fun, because I could write out all these things we wanted to do. You'd miss their inflections, though.
Kevin Bacon once appeared on the show with the idea to turn Super Ray into a movie. Maybe there's something to mine there.
I thought about bringing them back in another capacity. Maybe they read Jonathan's book and wants to play Jonathan Ames, and Ray gets wind of the meeting. And Jonathan worries, “How can I meet with Kevin Bacon after they rejected Ray?”
You didn't end the season with a cliffhanger per se, unless you count Jonathan and their half-sister kissing. What was up with that?
I want to be clear: Some people thought they were never going to tell them [that he's discovered they're blood-related]. I don't want people to think they wouldn't tell them They want to tell her, but they were just weakened in that moment. And the idea that they're siblings is so abstract, because they didn't grow up with them It's hard for them to conceptualize. So they kiss them in the moment, but I wanted that last shot to mirror their confusion, so it's spinning — almost like the start of the season when he's on the circle with the knives. It's vertigo. But in the next season, I was going to put them in a sanitarium. They were going to have a total breakdown. And in case Isla Fisher wasn't available, I'd just need that one shot of them on a bench or in Switzerland, for their incest cure.
I wasn't trying to go crazy with the incest idea, I was trying to comment that in this modern age, it's more of a mathematical possibility [to have accidental incest]. I wrote this before the article came out, but there was a story about a sperm donor who had 150-plus children, or others who provided most of the sperm at a sperm bank, who claimed to have genius sperm. All these things have happened plenty. And part of where I was going with Jonathan was that they were a 21st-century Oedipus. Part of being Oedipus, the first detective in literature, is finding out who is your real father. And when you're searching for the truth, some unusual things happen, like inadvertently sleeping with your half-sister.
What did you have to cut from the show that you miss?
In Season 2, when Zach Galifianakis was chasing me around the bed, in the confusion they grab my cock. It was Zach's idea. I asked him, “Do you have a problem chasing me in the nude?” And they said, “Not at all, but I'll only do it if I can grab your cock. I've never done that onscreen.” In Season 3, there's the bathtub scene between Zach and Olympia Dukakis, and she's reaching into the tub for the “two large pearls,” which are obviously their balls, and the “bar of gold,” their penis. Well, there's also a “scary cave.” They lifted their hand and plunged it in the water, clearly to anally stimulate them — and that's the moment the girlfriend walks in. So I had all these e-mails going back and forth with the headings like “Cock grab” and “Scary cave,” where I was pleading, “Please let me keep this. Come on, it'll be really funny.”
You've offered to buy every fan a drink who shows up at the Brooklyn Inn tonight.
I just thought it was a nice way to go out. I just wish I could do firecrackers, girls with hula hoops, knife throwers, and gourmet pygmies. It should be festive. Maybe no one will come. Maybe they'll want to DVR that drink. [Laughs.]
By: Mike Wall
Published: 09/12/2012 06:36 AM EDT on SPACE.com
Nuclear fusion reactions sparked by beams of antimatter could be propelling ultra-fast spaceships on long journeys before the end of the century, researchers say.
A fusion-powered spacecraft could reach Jupiter within four months, potentially opening up parts of the outer solar system to manned exploration, according to a 2010 NASA report.
A number of hurdles would have to be overcome, particularly in the production and storage of antimatter, to make the technology feasible, but some experts imagine it could be ready to go in a half-century or so.
It's "probably not a 40-year technology, but 50, 60? Quite possible, and something that would have a significant impact on exploration by changing the mass-power-finance calculus when planning," Jason Hay, a senior aerospace technology analyst for consulting firm The Tauri Group, said during an Aug. 29 presentation with NASA's Future In-Space Operations working group. [Future Visions of Human Spaceflight]
The Daedalus spacecraft's spherical tanks contain the fuel pellets for the nuclear fusion engine.
The power of fusion
The fuel for such a fusion-driven spaceship would likely consist of many small pellets containing deuterium and tritium — heavy isotopes of hydrogen that harbor one or two neutrons, respectively, in their nuclei. (The common hydrogen atom has no neutrons.)
Inside each pellet, this fuel would be surrounded by another material, perhaps uranium. A beam of antiprotons — the antimatter equivalent of protons, sporting a net electrical charge of minus-1 rather than plus-1 — would be directed at the pellets.
When the antiprotons slammed into uranium nuclei, they would annihilate, generating high-energy fission products that ignite fusion reactions in the fuel.
Such reactions — for example, deuterium and tritium nuclei merging to create one helium-4 atom and one neutron — throw off huge amounts of energy that could be harnessed to propel a spacecraft in several different ways.
"The energy from these reactions could be used to heat a propellant or provide thrust through magnetic confinement and a magnetic nozzle," states the 2010 report, called "Technology Frontiers: Breakthrough Capabilities for Space Exploration," which NASA produced with the help of The Tauri Group and other experts.
The basic idea is not new: Project Daedalus, a study conducted by the British Interplanetary Society in the 1970s, proposed using a fusion rocket to power an interstellar spacecraft. Daedalus' fusion reactions would be sparked by electron beams rather than antiproton beams, however.
Not there yet
While antiproton-driven fusion is a promising technology, several obstacles must be overcome to make it feasible, Hay said.
Perhaps the biggest challenge is obtaining enough antiprotons — which can be produced in particle accelerators — and storing them for long enough to make a far-flung space journey feasible.
According to the "Technology Frontiers" report, about 1.16 grams of antiprotons would be required for a trip to Jupiter. That may not sound like much, but production levels are currently measured in the billionths of a gram.
"Antiprotons are extremely expensive; a few grams would cost multi-trillions of dollars," Hay said. "I believe the total production so far since the 1950s is on the order of like 10 nanograms."
But antiproton production is ticking upward at a fairly fast rate, they added. So perhaps the technology could be the next big breakthrough in space propulsion systems — in the year 2060 or so.
"With a steady supply of antiprotons and nuclear fuel, antiproton-driven fusion can provide abundant energy for large space stations, outposts, and extended exploration missions with relatively small power systems," the "Technology Frontiers" report states.
Follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall or SPACE.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+.
Copyright 2012 SPACE.com, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 17, 2017, 7:16 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 17, 2017, 7:16 PM GMT By Alyssa Newcomb
President Trump has said they want to "unlock the mysteries of space" and "focus on stretching the envelope of space exploration."
They may now have the chance to send astronauts to orbit the moon, a mission that carries significant risk — but which, if executed smoothly, could bring huge benefits to accelerating future missions to deep space.
Robert Lightfoot, NASA's acting administrator, wrote in a memo to employees this week that they were asking the human spaceflight team to review the possibility of adding crew to an EM-1 test flight planned for next year.
Apollo 11 U.S. astronaut Buzz Aldrin standing on the Moon, next to the Lunar Module "Eagle" in this July 20, 1969 file photo. REUTERS/Neil Armstrong-NASA Reuters
Related: Will President Trump Invest in Space Exploration?
That flight will be the maiden voyage for NASA's SLS rocket, designed for deep space missions, such as a future one to Mars, along with an Orion crew capsule. The test flight is set to spend three weeks in space, with several days orbiting the moon.
“I know the challenges associated with such a proposition, like reviewing the technical feasibility, additional resources needed, and clearly the extra work would require a different launch date," Lightfoot wrote, according to the Washington Post. "That said, I also want to hear about the opportunities it could present to accelerate the effort of the first crewed flight and what it would take to accomplish that first step of pushing humans farther into space.”
It's unclear if the directive is coming from the Trump administration, since they haven't shared much about their plans for NASA and a new administrator hasn't yet been appointed.
Dr. Scott Parazynski, a retired astronaut and a professor of practice at Arizona State University's School of Earth and Space Exploration called the crewed mission idea an "audacious challenge."
"If you have a crew on board, the complexity of the mission increases substantially," they told NBC News. "You are committing to making it a perfect round trip. You need to have the life support systems, the launch abort system and the recovery systems built into the vehicle the first time around."
PHOTOS: The 12 Men Who Walked on the Moon
All of that of course takes money, which is of course dependent on the budget Trump chooses to set for NASA, which is then passed by Congress.
The current proposed budget for NASA in 2017 is $19 billion — down $300 million from the previous year but still an improvement from the past decade, which saw the end of the space shuttle program.
There's also a huge risk sending humans on the first-ever test flight. The only time NASA has ever launched a crew on the first test flight was the STS-1 shuttle mission in 1981.
"This is about demonstrating capabilities so we can do really excite things. How close can we get within four to eight years with having boots on the ground [on the moon]?" Aaron Oesterle, policy director for the Space Frontier Foundation, told NBC News.
Whether it could be a geopolitical show of force is also another question that remains unclear.
"During the Apollo years, going to the moon was linked directly with the ability to launch nuclear missiles," Oesterle said. "I think [if there is a link], that is unclear right now. There is a lot of commercial interest in the moon and there are geopolitical ramifications. The European Space Agency has talked up the idea of a lunar village and you have things like the Google Lunar XPRIZE," challenging private teams to land a robot on the moon.
The timing of the announcement comes as Trump plans to hold a rally in Melbourne, Florida on Saturday, less than a one hour drive away from Kennedy Space Center.
That same morning, SpaceX will conduct a cargo launch from the historic Apollo pad, where the first mission to the moon launched in 1969.
When government and opposition disagree, we should worry about democracy and governance. But when both agree, we have to worry even more - about which vested interests they are fighting for. This is the case with the Land Acquisition Bill for which the UPA government has been lobbying in the hope or garnering the rural vote.
The Bill is one more effort to redistribute wealth from the urban rich to the rural landed rich - but the biggest beneficiaries will be politicians and middlemen. The biggest losers will be India's citizens - as industrialists compensate for costlier land with fewer jobs and more automation - and the rest of us urban suckers who need to buy an urban home. We can now forget all about it.
Last week, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Kamal Nath announced that government and opposition have achieved a "broad consensus" to have the bill passed in the current session of parliament. But the net result of this "consensus" is not going to make things better. Barring some additional features - like allowing the government to compensate land-owners even more in case it acquires land already sold to private parties, and a new provision to allow land to be leased instead of bought - the revised Bill will not do anything to lessen the damage of the original one cleared by the cabinet. It will, in fact, make things even better for the land mafia.
The original Bill, introduced in 2011 as the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill 2011, will retain all its costly features: acquiring land at four times the market price in rural areas and twice the market rate in urban areas, apart from forcing buyers to rehabilitate and resettle both landowners and people working on the land in any capacity, among other things.
Who will decide what the market price of land is and who will decide whether or not the provisions of the law on rehab have been complied with or not? An entirely new bureaucracy will be created for the purpose in all states. Ergo, the land mafia - which means essentially politicians and builders and criminal elements - will control the availability of land to anyone who needs them. Opportunities for rent-seeking will zoom. What other result can one expect from such a powerful law that will have to be mediated by another big, bureaucratic machine?
In fact, the one suggestion of the Parliamentary Standing Committee that would have done something to prevent collusion between private parties and the executive - to disallow private-public partnerships from being allowed to acquire land forcibly from land-owners - has been abandoned. In short, in the name of public-private partnership, private infrastructure projects will now be allowed to acquire land as if it were for a public purpose.
The standing committee wanted to avoid this and had critiqued the "wide ambit for discretionary action by the executive amounting to arbitrariness" that would flow from this bill, writes Shruti Rajagopalan, visiting fellow at New York University, in The Indian Express today. The committee "recommended that the bill exclude state acquisition of land for private firms or public-private partnerships, a recommendation that all parties have ignored. Given the extent of power in the hands of the executive, the land acquisition policy is an easy target for interest-group capture," they point out. It will enable "backroom deals between political and business interests in the guise of public purpose."
Even without this omission, the Bill is like an open invitation to the land mafia which is currently facing financial pressure due to the sheer unaffordability of land in urban or rural areas. Demand has fallen like a stone and deals have crashed. The high prices of property reflect a rigged reality, not real demand. But by making all available land even costlier, the Land Bill will enable this very mafia to benefit despite falling demand by making the remaining land even pricier.
How bad will it be?
According to Sanjoy Chakravorty, Professor of Geography and Urban Studies at Temple University in Philadelphia, land costs near urban areas will soar to Rs 8-40 crore per acre depending on location. They write in BusinessLine today: "Once we take account of the real price of acquisition (not just purchase, but payments to non-owners, and rehabilitation/resettlement) the sobering prices become frightening ones. I calculate that, depending on the region, acquired land at the urban edge will cost between Rs 8 crore and Rs 40 crore per acre. Acquired farmland will cost between Rs 25 lakh (at its cheapest) and Rs 1.5 crore per acre."
No prizes for guessing who will benefit from this.
Chakravorty breaks the current land market into four areas: (1) places where land markets are already operating at market price (Punjab, Haryana, Kerala, Tamil Nadu), (2) places which are "peri-urban," where the gap between nominal and market prices is small, (3) rural areas where land markets have not developed, and (4) those parts where land markets cannot be allowed to operate (as in Odisha'a Niyamgiri district, where the land is revered by tribals, etc).
The Land Bill, they say, has been designed only with the third market (rural, undeveloped) in mind. So when it is extended to places where the market already operates (as in Punjab, where land prices have "quintupled", a further doubling or quadrupling of the price can only result in windfall gains to a bunch of vested landed interests.
They come to the same conclusion as Shruti Rajagopalan: "Many development projects will become unaffordable. Industrialisation and urbanisation will slow down. The politician-criminal nexus will make hay."
It's crystal clear why the UPA wants the Land Bill before the elections. It may help some farmers from being exploited by land sharks, but in the process it will be creating super land sharks who will benefit both from the bureaucracy that will administer the law, and from the resultant land scarcity and soaring prices.
The UPA has learnt nothing from its past scams. Even as the Comptroller and Auditor General has released a new report on another flagship scheme - the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act - disclosing a Rs 13,000 crore hole in it, the Land Bill will provide opportunities to create the scam of scams.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
U.S. AAA credit rating in jeopardy as risks get reality check
Moody's and S&P warned this week that they might soon cut the government's top-rung debt rating because of the political battle over the debt ceiling and spending cuts. Yet so far, that hasn't scared off Treasury bond buyers.
The debt problems that have mushroomed in the U.S., Europe and Japan since 2008 have "shattered the concept of the major economies being stable, dependable investments," said Sean Egan, head of Egan-Jones Ratings Co., a smaller rival to Wall Street's credit-rating giants.
That learning experience is speeding up again. Investors are being forced to rethink a generally accepted financial principle of the postwar era: that the world's developed nations are inherently low-risk places to put money.
Things have happened in the markets and the economy that have far exceeded most people's worst-case scenarios. What many Americans thought they knew about investing turned out to be dead wrong.
Nearly three years after the financial system crash, the concept of investment risk continues to be turned on its head.
This week, two bigger credit raters, Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's, warned that they might soon cut the U.S. government's top-rung AAA debt rating because of the political battle in Washington over the federal debt ceiling and spending cuts.
Think of it. U.S. Treasury bonds are supposed to be the world's "risk-free" asset, in the sense that there should be zero doubt about the government's willingness and ability to pay promised interest and repay principal in full. Treasuries have long been the benchmark by which the risk of other investments is measured. Other interest rates, such as mortgage rates, are set based on Treasury yields.
So it's monumental that S&P, in an announcement Thursday, said that if Congress and the Obama administration failed to agree on a "credible" plan to rein in deficit spending, it might drop its U.S. debt rating from AAA "into the AA category."
That would put the U.S. in with a group of countries that includes Japan, China, Spain and Slovenia. And America would be considered less creditworthy than remaining AAA-rated countries including Canada, Germany, Switzerland, Finland, Norway and Australia.
Finland: The new risk-free asset?
Still, in the realm of debt-rating-speak, a AA rating is considered "high quality." By contrast, that description no longer applies to bonds of Ireland and Portugal, according to Moody's. The firm this month cut both of those countries' ratings to the Ba level, which is the top rung of junk status, or non-investment-grade — i.e., speculative.
A junk rating for Ireland would have been inconceivable to the Irish people just a few years ago. The country's once fast-growing economy, the Celtic tiger of Europe, held Moody's top Aaa rating, or close to it, for most of the last two decades. But since 2009 Ireland's rating has been on a fast slide. Ditto for Portugal and, of course, for Greece, the epicenter of Europe's financial crisis.
The ratings firm — and, belatedly, investors — have come to realize how heavy the debt burdens of these countries have become and how difficult it will be for them to grow their way out of that debt. The same borrowing that fueled their growth since 1990 now is a millstone.
Ireland's public debt equals about 94% of its annual gross domestic product. Portugal's percentage is 83%. Greece's is a stunning 144%. By comparison, U.S. public debt is about 60% of GDP, not counting what's owed to government agencies such as Social Security.
At the other end of the debt spectrum from Western Europe are countries such as South Korea, Slovakia and Brazil, which have public-debt-to-GDP ratios of 24%, 41% and 61%, respectively. Not surprisingly, their investment-grade credit ratings have been untainted by the 2008 global financial crash and its aftereffects.
OAKLAND, Calif., July 22 (UPI) -- Five San Fransisco Bay-area police agencies received envelopes filled with white powder in the mail, officials said.
The unidentified substance, determined not to be hazardous, was delivered to police in Hayward, San Leandro, Berkeley and Union City Friday and Oakland police confirmed Saturday they had been recipients as well, the Oakland (Calif.) Tribune reported.
Berkeley police called the Berkeley Fire Department, which used a chemical detector to determine the substance wasn't toxic.
"We were able to use a device that could immediately identify what kind of substance we were dealing with, so we were able to know right away that it was non-hazardous," Berkeley Deputy Fire Chief Gil Dong said.
The deliveries prompted the U.S. Postal Service and the FBI to start an investigation, although authorities had not said whether they believe the deliveries were connected.
A boy with a rare disease gets new skin, thanks to gene-corrected stem cells
A 7-year-old who lost most of their skin to a rare genetic disease has made a dramatic recovery after receiving an experimental gene therapy, researchers announced today. The treatment—a whole-body graft of genetically modified stem cells—is the most ambitious attempt yet to treat a severe form of epidermolysis bullosa (EB), an often-fatal group of conditions that cause skin to blister and tear off at the slightest touch.
The new approach can address only a subset of the genetic mutations that cause EB. But the boy's impressive recovery—he's now back in school and is even playing soccer—could yield insights that help researchers use stem cells to treat other genetic skin conditions.
“It is very unusual that we would see a publication with a single case study anymore, but this one is a little different,” says Jakub Tolar, a bone marrow transplant physician at the Masonic Cancer Center, University of Minnesota in Minneapolis who is developing therapies for EB. “This is one of these [studies] that can determine where the future of the field is going to go.”
EB results from mutations to any of several genes that encode proteins crucial for anchoring the outer layer of skin, the epidermis, to the tissue below. The missing or defective protein can cause skin to slough off from minor damage, creating chronic injuries prone to infection. Some forms of EB can be lethal in infancy, and some predispose patients to an aggressive and deadly skin cancer. The only treatment involves painfully dressing and redressing wounds daily. Bandage costs can approach $100,000 a year, says Peter Marinkovich, a dermatologist at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, who treats EB patients. “They're like walking burn victims,” they say.
In fact, the new approach is similar to an established treatment for severe burns, in which sheets of healthy skin are grown from a patient's own cells and grafted over wounds. But stem cell biologist and physician Michele De Luca of the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia in Italy and their colleagues have been developing a way to counteract an EB-causing mutation by inserting a new gene into the cells used for grafts. Their group has already treated two EB patients with this approach. They published encouraging results from their first attempt—with small patches of gene-corrected skin on a patient's legs—in 2006.
In 2015, De Luca's team got a desperate request from doctors in Germany. Their young patient had a severe form of the disease known as junctional EB, caused by a mutation in a gene encoding part of the protein laminin 332, which makes up a thin membrane just below the epidermis. It was the same gene De Luca's team was targeting in an ongoing clinical trial, but this case was especially dire: Lacking most of their skin, the boy had contracted multiple infections and was in a life-threatening septic state. The emergency treatment would be the first test of their gene therapy approach over such a large and severely damaged area.
De Luca's team used a patch of skin a little bigger than a U.S. postage stamp from an unblistered part of the boy's groin to culture epidermal cells, which include stem cells that periodically regenerate the skin. They infected those cells with a retrovirus bearing healthy copies of the needed gene, LAMB3, and grew them into sheets ranging from 50 to 150 square centimeters. In two surgeries, a team at Ruhr University in Bochum, Germany, covered the boy's arms, legs, back, and some of their chest in the new skin.
After a month, most of the new skin had begun to regenerate, covering 80% of the boy's body in strong and elastic epidermis, the researchers report online today in Nature . What's more, he's developed no blisters in the grafted areas in the 2 years since the surgery.
Other researchers have long been concerned that using a retrovirus to insert genes at random points in cells' genomes might cause cancer. (In the early 2000s, five children who participated in a retrovirus-based gene therapy trial for severe combined immunodeficiency developed leukemia.) But the current study found no evidence that the insertion affected cancer genes.
De Luca and colleagues were also able to track which grafted cells regenerated the skin over time by using the different locations of the genetic insert as markers for individual cells and their progeny. They found that most cells from the graft disappeared after a few months, but a small population of long-lived cells called holoclones formed colonies that renewed the epidermis.
That's an important lesson, Tolar says; it suggests that future attempts to correct genetic skin diseases should focus on culture conditions that nourish these stem cells, and potentially even target them for modification. “If you have a gene correction strategy,” they say, “you'd better have these primitive epidermal stem cells in mind.”
The current results could benefit several thousand EB patients across the world, Marinkovich says, but it won't work for all of them. More than half have a form of the disease called EB simplex, which is caused not by a missing protein, but by mutations that produce an active but dysfunctional protein. For these errors, correction with a gene-editing tool like CRISPR makes more sense, De Luca says.
The grafts also can't repair damage to internal surfaces such as the esophagus, Tolar notes, which occurs in some EB cases. Fortunately, that wasn't an issue for the boy in this study. The treatment is “a good step in the right direction,” they say, “but it's not curative.”
Both De Luca and Marinkovich's teams are exploring a similar gene therapy for another major form of the disease, called dystrophic EB, caused by a different genetic error affecting a larger protein. Biotech companies are working with each group to test the approach in larger clinical trials.
The Deal
$15 for a Beaute Basics 12-piece professional makeup-brush set ($74.95 list price)
Powder brush
Blush brush
Eye-shadow fluff brush
Eye-shadow brush
Crease brush
Finishing fan
Eye-shadow sponge
Foundation brush
Concealer brush
Angled liner brush
Mascara wand
Eyebrow and eyelash brush/comb
Patent leather PVC brush case <p>
An additional $3 shipping fee will be charged at checkout.
####Beaute Basics 12-Piece Professional Brush Set Beaute Basics' professional makeup brushes help perform every aesthetic-improving task from masking blemishes and enhancing features to modifying drab Sistine Chapels. Each set contains 12 brushes in varying sizes and shapes—including an eye-shadow brush, a blush brush, and mascara wand—forged from both natural and synthetic bristles. The brushes tuck nicely into their included slotted carrying case, which is also a convenient place to store a dozen of your favorite salamanders.
#####Features * 12 professional makeup brushes * Made from natural and synthetic bristles, like the mane of a cyborg horse * Variety of sizes and shapes for any application * Slotted case included for storage or travel
How to get your goods: by purchasing this Groupon and providing your name and shipping address, your order is complete!
For questions pertaining to this deal, please visit the deal Q&A on this page. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact [Groupon customer service](http://gr.pn/OActnC).
View the [Groupon Goods FAQ](http://gr.pn/yLXWNy) for additional information, including [how list price is determined](http://gr.pn/MGDGkC).
Gods, Factions, and Alignment
Recently we've had some questions about where we are going to go with Clerics and their feats long term as we have introduced several Cleric feats lately that eventually will have interactions with the alignment and faction system as they are related to specific gods. We thought we would lay out our plans so people could better make their choices going forward.
Alignment
We have plans for an alignment system where players can choose one of the nine classic Pathfinder alignments, which are created by using two numerically measured axes running from -7500 to 7500. These two axes represent Good vs. Evil and Law vs. Chaos, so a rating of 7500 on both of them represents Lawful Good, a rating of -7500 on both of them represents Chaotic Evil, and a rating of zero on both represents True Neutral. Once a player sets their alignment at character creation (or when the system comes online) they are put at the middle range of their choice and that becomes their core alignment. It does not change day to day without a specific choice to change alignment.
Players also have an active alignment that is the original value modified by actions in the game. For example, if you create undead, your alignment moves towards evil. Everyone's active alignment move back towards their core alignment over time, but if two are different enough that the character has moved active alignment a full alignment step (i.e. from Good to Neutral, Neutral to Evil, etc) the character loses access to any alignment limited mechanics such as Paladin Feats. Characters can permanently change their core alignments to their active alignment at any time by some process tbd.
Some Feats will require specific alignments to train and slot. If your core or active alignment no longer meets these requirements, you cannot train or slot them. For example, Channel Negative Energy will become unavailable if your Good vs. Evil axis goes above 2500 as it is only available to Neutral and Evil characters.
Factions
The faction system will allow players to have a relationship with NPC led groups like the Hellknights, the Pathfinder Society, etc. Characters will be able to earn points with factions by completing events, quests, etc. This will help them earn ranks within the faction, and these ranks offer access to special training, recipes, items, etc. Each faction will have enemy factions that you cannot join while a member of that faction and that you may be flagged as a reputation-free PvP target for members of opposing factions at higher ranks. So if you associate with the Hellknights and become a high ranking member, characters who have associated with the Crusader Knights will not suffer a reputation penalty for killing you in PvP and vice versa.
There are several matrices of factions planned, such as the Aspis Consortium vs. Pathfinder Society or Hellknights vs. Crusader Knights vs. Bandits of Thornkeep. You can join one faction within each of these matrices assuming you meet the requirements, so you can be both a Crusader Knight and a member of the Pathfinder Society at the same time.
Gods
Worshipping a god sits at the intersection of the Faction and Alignment systems. Worshipping a god requires your alignment be within one alignment step of that god, so you have to be Neutral Good, Lawful Good, or Lawful Neutral to worship Iomedae, who is Lawful Good. If your active alignment or core alignment moves out of this alignment range you will lose access to those Feats associated with your god that have alignment restrictions (primarily domain and special attacks associated with a specific god).
Each god also has a faction rating as well and all gods share the same faction matrix, thus you may only have a faction rating with one god at a time. Gods have a more complex relationship of hostility than other factions so you will not be hostile to all other god factions other than your own. Iomedae is hostile to Lamashtu, but is okay with Abadar, Serenrae, etc. Advancing your Cleric Feats above tier one will eventually require advancing your faction rating with your god. If you change god factions you will lose access to Feats if your new faction does not meet the Feat requirements. For example, the Fire domain will require ranks in either Asmodeus or Sarenrae as they both offer that domain, while the Sun domain will require ranks in either Iomedae or Sarenrae. Most domains are available to more than one god with our first batch of gods.
We will add more gods as time goes by, starting with major Golarion gods, and then moving to important local gods. Order and timing of these iterations to be Crowdforged.
God Roadmap
This is a super rough roadmap that we put together last year. It could change pretty drastically as we go.
Priority 1
Most appropriate core deities, one for each alignment.
Abadar – Lawful Neutral - Protection, Travel
Asmodeus – Lawful Evil - Fire, Trickery
Desna – Chaotic Good - Luck, Travel
Gorum – Chaotic Neutral - Glory, Strength
Gozreh – Neutral - Water, Weather
Iomedae – Lawful Good - Glory, Sun
Lamashtu – Chaotic Evil - Strength, Trickery
Norgorber – Neutral Evil - Charm, Trickery
Sarenrae – Neutral Good - Fire, Sun
Priority 2
Remaining core deities, it's unclear if we'll get these all in one go or not, or if a couple of them might swap with even more appropriate members of priority 3.
Calistria
Cayden Cailean
Erastil
Irori
Nethys
Pharasma
Rovagug
Shelyn
Torag
Urgathoa
Zon-Kuthon
Priority 3
Extremely relevant minor deities.
Gyronna
Hanspur
Milani
Sivanah
Gods in Settlements
Settlements have to declare an alignment on founding, and all members of that Settlement need to have a core alignment within one alignment step of that alignment.
Settlements will be able to build temples and cathedrals to offer training to Clerics. Temples are medium structures, similar to the cleric trainers you see currently, while cathedrals are larger structures the size of the current keeps. Settlements will have a limited number of slots for each building size, so Settlements will have to choose what they want to do with their limited number of slots.
Both structures will start out as offering a selection of basic Cleric Feats (armor feats, power, etc) and the Feats associated with a single god that is compatible with the Settlement alignment. Temples can be upgraded to train the Feats of an additional god that is compatible with the first and the Settlement alignment, while a cathedral can be upgraded to train the Feats of two additional compatible gods (for a total of three).
Settlements can also build smaller support structures for the Feats of specific gods if the Settlement's members learn those feats at another Settlement, as long as the god is compatible with the Settlement alignment.
Holdings like shrines will also have aspects of Cleric training. How specific the god assignments and requirements of those Holdings will be is tbd. Training in Holdings will be capped and won't be as high as the potential for Settlement training.
So What Does it Mean Now?
Clerics should look at what domain they are advancing with an eye towards their eventual alignment and that of their Settlement. Most domains are available from more than one god so they have a decently wide alignment range. As we add more gods more alignment/domain combinations will become possible.
Only buy Channel Positive Energy if you plan on being Good or Neutral, while you should only by Channel Negative Energy if you plan on being Evil or Neutral.
In the Early Enrollment 4.2 Release Note blog we noted certain Feats that would be available for weapons associated with various Gods and the Feats Clerics can train for them. The restrictions described in that blog also apply to the systems described in this blog.
CLEVELAND, Ohio – Here's one way to stop a man behind the wheel of a stolen truck: hoist the vehicle's rear end with a forklift and wait for police.
That's what a McMahan's Wrecking employee did Wednesday afternoon when a suspected thief showed up at the West Side junkyard in a stolen truck.
“I had been looking for this guy for weeks,” said owner Donnie McMahan. “The police always come by to let us know who to be on the lookout for.”
McMahan said they called police as soon as they spotted the suspect from their office window. Then they went outside to stall the man. The suspect became agitated and looked as if they were going to drive off, so McMahan ordered an employee to raise the truck's back tires off the ground with a forklift.
“You're going to jail now, you punk,” McMahan told the nervous driver.
Police arrived minutes later and arrested the suspect. The officers got a kick out of the junkyard's unorthodox maneuver, according to McMahan.
“The wheels were just spinning away,” McMahan said. “[The suspect] looked a little surprised. They aren't going anywhere.”
Police are withholding the suspect's name until charges are filed.
On Friday, Microsoft's Steve Ballmer announced that they would be retiring from their position as CEO within the next 12 months. The long-standing executive oversaw many operating systems, software and product releases as CEO, but speaking to ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley, they regret one particular product launch the most: Windows Vista.
I would say probably the thing I regret most is the, what shall I call it, the loopedy-loo that we did that was sort of Longhorn to Vista. I would say that's probably the thing I regret most. And, you know, there are side effects of that when you tie up a big team to do something that doesn't prove out to be as valuable.
It's not surprising that Ballmer regrets the "loopedy-loo" of Windows Vista the most, as the operating system was heavily criticized around its launch for a number of reasons. High system requirements meant that many people, even with new PCs, weren't able to access all of the OS' features, and there were many issues surrounding compatibility with pre-Vista hardware. User Account Control was also criticized for producing too many prompts, causing many users to simply disable the feature entirely.
Windows 7, also released under Ballmer's reign, addressed many of the issues with Windows Vista to become one of Microsoft's most successful operating systems. Currently Vista sits on around 4% market share, with the majority of its users swiftly upgrading to Windows 7 after its release.
It's not Windows 7 that Ballmer is most proud of though, but the impact that Microsoft has had on people's lives over the course of their work at the company. They highlight being a significant part of "the birth of intelligent personal computing" throughout the '80s and '90s, and they aren't quite sure where the next chapter of their life might lead him.
Today we are taking a look at another cutie pie from the 90's hit anime and manga series, Cardcaptor Sakura. This adorable Nendoroid Sakura Kinomoto by Good Smile Company will surely capture your hearts!
Sakura‘s name means cherry blossoms, so I decided to take photos of them surrounded by miniature cherry blossom tree in our backyard. Make sure to check out the link for the tutorial.
Sakura wears their pink costume ready to search for clow cards. They come with this charming smile that will take your breath away.
A sealing wand and a clow card is also included so you can recreate a scene in the series.
Here's their serious look that still looks cute. Oh Sakura-chan! (ღ˘⌣˘ღ) In addition to their Clow wand and cards, they include a clear sheet with magical signs on it (which is not included in the picture).
They also come with an embarassed expression whenever they saw someone they like. I wish Good Smile Company will make a nendoroid of Syaoran Li. ❤
Up, up and away!
They have an alternate lower part and a special verson of their winged Clow wand so you can pose them like this.
I had a hart time posing them in flying position as the lower part always comes off. Do you have the same issues as mine?
There is also Kero-chan (Keroberos) alongside Sakura. Seeing them together brings back the old days, remembering the scenes from the anime.
That cat is after Kero-chan. ⊙﹏⊙
Below are photo set of Nendoroid Sakura Kinomoto using Yune's body. I think the kimono suits Sakura perfectly in a Japanese home I made.
“Let's have a snack Kero-chan”
Waiting for Syaoran Li? Please Good Smile Company, make a nendoroid of them so Sakura won't be lonely!
They got a love letter from Syaoran. (´ ▽｀).。ｏ♡
That's all for today everyone, see you on my next post! ~ヾ(＾∇＾)
Ever wonder what taking China's Gaokao is like?
We do.
Although high school graduates in America take the Scholastic Aptitude Test before moving onto college, it doesn't seem to compare to the level of stress put upon millions of Chinese teenagers each year who take the Gaokao. In Chinese it's called simply the “high test” and as our guest contributor Maomao told us last week in their article about Preparing for the Gaokao, many Chinese youths believe that this is the single event which determines their status in academia and then the larger society.
Put simply, it's do or die – figuratively for most and literally for an unfortunate few.
This time, Maomao shares their story of what the day of the Gaokao is like.
The Day of the Gaokao
To begin, the Gaokao isn't only a matter between students and the education ministry, but an event that concerns all of Chinese society. What happens on the day of Gaokao may give you a better understanding of how important a role this examination plays in the lives of most Chinese people.
Students who are taking the Gaokao print “gāokǎo xuéshēng“（pictured at right） on a large sheet of paper. Displaying this in the windshield of their cars, other traffic will yield to students and make way for them, acknowleding the importance of this event. Traffic police often intervene in traffic jams to make room for students to pass, ensuring that they won't arrive late to the examination. Short of a medical emergency, there are almost no other circumstances under which traffic police will take such action.
Should the student be running late, police can be seen personally escorting students to schools where the exam is administered by police car or event motorcycle. This happens every year without fail. It's said that on this day it's forbidden to honk your horn and police maintain a constant presence in the streets of Chinese cities from Beijing to Chengdu.
Once you've arrived at the school, the safety inspection is very strict. Students are only allowed to bring a clear plastic bag inside the testing area (pictured below ) to carry writing implements like pens and pencils. Watches are forbidden as there are clocks inside each of the testing rooms. As you enter the room, one of the three administrators in the room will check the certificate of each student to ensure that each student is them or herself. Finally, they search each student for electronic devices which the students are allowed to explain should the administrators detector start beeping.
As students are inside rushing through the exam, nervous parents wait outside under the watch of police officer who maintain the traffic and crowds just outside. Teachers wait alongside parents and ease their concerns about students' performance. Upon their exit, teachers encourage the students to be confident and hopeful about the next subject in the examination.
This post was authored by Maomao and edited and introduced by Charlie. All photos were taken by Maomao. Look for the next post on the Gaokao and check out Preparing for the Gaokao if you haven't already.
Hey Everyone!
8 April 2015 – Updated to 2.3.2
After the launch of Tokyo Town a couple weeks back, we now have a SimCity BuildIt layout guide to go with the new Tokyo Town Zones – and boy, this one is huge. The new population based on the simulation is just a hair under 3 million at:
2,940,454 Sims
BIG BIG BIG thanks to Zegerman for continuing to experiment and update their guide.
This is a constantly evolving number as we experiment with the layout. DO NOT take this population figure as the HIGHEST number possible. If you have a suggestion to improve (with NO HACKS) please let us know!
We figured since many may be working on the previous version of the 2.5 million guide, we thought it best to leave the old post intact and instead create a new post based on the new Tokyo Town buildings. You can view the old guide here.
Utility Services
Now because of the increased service requirements TT zones need to function, we had to increase the amount of utility buildings so that does reduce the amount of residential zones (but not # of residents!)
This layout uses the highest tier available for utility services (more in-depth info here).
Utility Buildings Quantity Power Fusion 7 Water Water Pumping Station 10 Sewage Deluxe Sewage Treatment Plant 10 Waste Recycling Center 8
Coverage Services
This guide uses the highest (T3) coverage services to provide fire, police and health to Sims (in-depth info here).
Service Buildings Quantity Fire Deluxe Fire Station 4 Police Police Precinct 4 Health Hospital 6
Specializations
Parks, Education and transportation can EACH provide coverage area to reach 100% population boosts to all residential areas. This means maximizing each of the three specialization and overlapping their coverage areas provides 300% total boost (in-depth info here).
Specialization (Each: 100% | Combined 300%) Buildings Quantity Parks Sculpture Garden 95 Education University 8 Transportation Helipad 21
Gambling, Entertainment, Landmarks COMBINED can provide a coverage area to reach 100% population. Unlike the specializations above, you can reach a MAX of 100% using any combination of the three. Gambling is used because it is the cheapest specialization to provide 100% coverage (20 keys). Landmarks are used because they provide a larger coverage area (its a balancing act between the two). Entertainment buildings have a massive building size so they take up space that could provide more residential zones.
Specialization (Each: Variable | Combined: 100%) Buildings Quantity Gambling Luxury Casino 20 Entertainment None Used Landmarks Washington Monument 1
This means you can have a maximum of 400% population boost based on specializations.
NOTE: (many have asked about why we use Luxurious Casino versus Luxurious Casino Tower): The maximum amount of boost you can receive from a specialization is 100%. Overlapping two of the Luxurious Casino Tower (which give 60% boost each) would result in a 120% boost (20% wasted). So stick with the Luxurious Casino and you can save the golden keys.
Cost
Currency Requirements Simoleons §4,578,000 (estimated) Keys 860 Tokyo Items Required ?? Days wasted attempting to complete this layout Priceless
City Layout
Birds eye view is below (click for an enlarged view). Please look at the abbreviation table for questions regarding any shorthand notations.
Labels Abbreviation Meaning TT Tokyo Town Zone Pa Parks DOT Department of Transportation DOE Department of Education DOC Department of Culture Admin Town Hall, City Hall and Mayor's Mansion Gambling (Top Left) Gambling HQ Was Mon Washington Monument (Department. of Culture) Helipad Specialization building (Transportation) Lux Cas Luxury Casino (Not Luxury Casino Tower)
Changelog Version (Link to Picture) Changes 2.3.2 (Current Version) Fixed incorrect entrance, rearranged layout for more Sims 2.3.1 (Current Version) Big update to Tokyo Town 2.2.6 Rearranged Landmarks
Reduced the amount of factories present 2.2.5 Added additional buildings to fill empty space in previous version 2.2.4 Road layout has changed to include more residential zones
Rearranged utility buildings
Added new specialization buildings (landmarks)
Corrected mayors mansion placement
Added highway entrance marking (black arrow) 2.1.4 Initial Release. No changes.
WANT TO SEE HOW TO BUILD THOSE MODERN LUXURIOUS SKYSCRAPERS?
“We're making four epic [Avatar] films that stand alone but together form a saga. These movies were designed to be seen in theaters first,” said Oscar-winning filmmaker James Cameron, making a special appearance today at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Originally, Cameron believed that there would be three, but now Avatar 2 will be released at Christmas 2018 with sequels following at Christmastime in 2020 and 2022 and 2023.
“I've been working with the top four screenwriters and designers in the world to design the world of Avatar going forward,” they said. “The environments, new cultures — whatever it takes to bring it to life. From what I'm seeing of the art on the wall … in pure imagination is just beyond the first film. I'm speechless.”
Before announcing the big news, Cameron banged the gavel down on the big elephant in the room that everyone has been winking and knocking to onstage: day-and-date VOD streaming service the Screening Room. In earlier CinemaCon sessions this week, execs never uttered the company's name, but Cameron came out in full force.
“Our jobs as filmmakers is to keep making films onscreen,” they told the crowd. “We'll continue to make this industry the greatest show on Earth. My producer Jon Landau and I are committed to the theater experience. Despite what the folks at the Screening Room say, I think movies need to be offered in the theater on opening day. So boom.”
They continued: “There's an important point that needs to be made. There's always been a threat with moviegoing, whether that's been video, DVD or streaming. … We answer it by being great with our showmanship. We create things by being great in the movie theater. I want to give exhibition a shout-out for keeping the experience sacred: making the sound better, the chairs comfier — whatever it takes to get people to get in their cars to go across town.”
And most of all, Cameron stressed, the next Avatar saga is meant “to be seen in the theater.”
One question everyone asks after they've bought bitcoins is where can I spend them? That's something which Lewis Jackson, 24, from Newcastle upon Tyne wanted to address.
With a background in software development for websites and web applications Lewis built Where to Spend Bitcoins UK from the ground up, creating a vital resource of around 300 UK retailers who currently accept payment as bitcoin.
The site launched in late 2013 in response to what was a lack of any UK-centric resource. Whilst other similar sites existed, their content was either incorrect, out of date or purely targeting US customers.
Where to Spend Bitcoins makes it easy to find not only online retailers who accept bitcoin but also physical brick and mortar retailers by showing their location on a map of the British Isles. You can also search the directory by business category, region or city.
It's quite surprising the diversity of bitcoin retailers which now exist within the UK, everything from Window Cleaners to Web Designers. A recent big name to accept bitcoin on the high street is the technology exchange and retailer CeX which has rolled out bitcoin payments to over 30 stores after running a bitcoin only payments trial in their Glasgow store earlier this year.
Anyone can submit a retailer in the UK who accepts bitcoin, and data is also periodically pulled from OpenStreetMap using a bespoke system developed by Lewis. All submissions are verified and approved before being made publicly available.
In the future the site hopes to offer a system to push retailer information back into OpenStreetMap as well as a way for users to flag if any information is incorrect, i.e. they no longer accept bitcoin, so that the directory always contains accurate, up-to-date information.
As well as the directory of retailers the site also provides a useful resource for bitcoin newbies regarding how to buy bitcoins in the UK. This content is held on GitHub making it easy for anyone to contribute.
Not only is Lewis the sole maintainer and software developer of Where to Spend Bitcoins, he's also in the process of setting up an informal bitcoin meetup group for bitcoiners based in Newcastle upon Tyne. They want to bring together like-minded individuals to help further the adoption of bitcoin in the local area. If anyone's interested in getting involved you can find more information about the meetup on Facebook or Twitter.
>Peter King, Chair of the House Committee on Homeland Security, wants WikiLeaks placed on the Treasury Department's blacklist in order to "strangle (its) viability," by threatening, if not strangling, the viability of any person or company that dares to engage in any economic transaction with WikiLeaks or Assange. Conducting business, or providing any economic assistance to a blacklisted entity, even unknowingly, no matter how trivial, is a violation of federal law, for which you too may be blacklisted, losing access to all your property and interests in the U.S. (I've written previously about the blacklists here and here.)
King is especially incensed that an American publisher, Knopf, has entered into a book deal with Assange (who is reportedly receiving over a million dollars for their memoir); and if they are now blacklisted, you could conceivably break the law merely by buying their book, or contributing to a WikiLeaks defense fund. In other words, King is not simply targeting Assange and Wikileaks; they are targeting all of us -- every American citizen and company. In their view, even a paying consumer of information and ideas from WIkiLeaks or Assange is collaborating in terrorism.
This doesn't mean that every WikiLeaks consumer or supporter would actually be prosecuted for every trivial transaction. It does mean that if you're targeted by the Administration as a political threat, it has one more weapon in its arsenal to use against you. And, while the expansive maze of federal laws may make ordinary, generally law abiding people theoretically liable to prosecution anyway (as my friend Harvey Silverglate has written, most people probably commit "three felonies a day"), the power afforded by blacklisting laws is particularly arbitrary and unaccountable. You can be blacklisted without due process, without notice of an investigation or a chance to defend yourself.
On the other hand, you can violate blacklists (and there are several) with impunity if your prosecution would be politically inconvenient. As David Cole pointed out in a New York Times op-ed, Rudy Guiliani and several high ranking former Bush Administration officials (including former Attorney General Mukasey) met with a blacklisted organization late last year, but -- good for them --their First Amendment rights seem secure.
Blacklisting is enabled by a network of federal statutes and executive orders, which requires study to begin to understand. (I doubt many members of Congress can explain it.) Complicated, obscure, and arbitrary, with an incredibly wide reach, this is a legal regime practically designed to be abused. It represents the politicization of law, for which both parties are responsible; and it's a lot more tyrannical than health care reform.
UPDATE: The Treasury Department has declined Congressman King's request to blacklist WikiLeaks and Assange, according to The Hill, citing a lack of evidence "at this time."
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
The ability to transfer electronic medical records from one doctor or hospital to another is essential to the smooth functioning of the health care system and to providing the best possible care to patients. Yet all too often these transfers are being blocked by developers of health information technology or greedy medical centers that refuse to send records to rival providers.
This will not be an easy problem to fix, but some possible approaches were detailed in a report to Congress last week from the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, a unit of the Department of Health and Human Services.
The full extent of the problem is difficult to assess, according to the report, mainly because of contractual restrictions imposed by software developers on their customers. Even so, the office deduced from various sources — including customer complaints and interviews — that some software developers and medical centers have deliberately blocked the sharing of information. It did not name the parties because it could not determine with any certainty whether some of the information was blocked for legitimate reasons, like concern for patient privacy.
The motivations for hoarding or restricting data appear to be mostly business-related; for instance, companies lock customers into costly proprietary technology and often charge exorbitant fees for sending or receiving information. Some hospitals, critics say, won't share information with doctors outside their own networks, lest they lose control of the patient and erode their dominance of a local market. Larger hospital systems that share health information internally sometimes won't do so with competing hospitals and unaffiliated providers.
Apple refused to refund a father-of-two for a purchase of an iPhone unless the man could prove they were not deceased Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
Sharakat Hussain, 26, was dismayed upon receiving an email from the California-based technology giant claiming that they were on the government's Denied Parties list, which made it illegal for them to be sold an iPhone, according to a report in the Daily Mail.
Hussain, a resident of Birmingham who works as a driver, reportedly bought the device for their sister but tried to get their money back when they rejected the gift. They paid £799 for the phone (NIS3,748 or $972).
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Due to the high cost of the model they purchased, Hussain was told they would receive their money via bank transfer.
But after waiting for several weeks and still not receiving a refund, Hussain received an email from Apple in which they were asked to supply proof that they were not in fact the late dictator, who was hanged at an Iraqi army base in 2006.
And while the customer's first name is different and their surname is also spelled differently, Apple staff still managed to confuse the Birmingham resident with the deposed tyrant.
Hussain told The Sun newspaper that they “thought the email was spam, I was stunned to learn it was real. I was furious to be linked to Saddam.”
Apple on Friday vowed to expedite the refund.
A spokesperson offered the company's “sincerest apologies” to Mr. Hussain.
It is census day on Sunday and, despite sterling efforts from many interested parties, angry controversy around this quaint operation has not quite been ignited. I particularly enjoyed the attempt to muster a boycott on the grounds that the UK subsidiary of Lockheed Martin, the world's largest arms company, had been contracted (again) to conduct the thing. Because that's what you want, isn't it? To make sure arms companies stay totally focused on their core business, and don't start piddling around in more peaceable activity?
I filled in my household's form with some alacrity, not least because the part of me that will always be a 10-year-old goody-goody schoolgirl simply loves the opportunity to print in lovely, neat, black capitals. It wasn't until after it had been mailed – why not? Keep postpersons employed – that I caught up with the British Humanist Association's plea: "We urge people who do not want to give continuing or even greater importance to unshared religions in our public life to tick 'No Religion' in the census."
Actually, I had ticked "No Religion". But I still don't like the tenor of this instruction. I don't want to stand against "believers". I am still, for my secular sins, a wet multiculturalist, minded putting up with the beliefs I can't share, whenever possible, in the interests of strengthening those that I can. I'm combative and dogmatic by nature, but I don't think these are among the finest of human qualities. I used to be a combative and dogmatic atheist. But then I realised that combat and dogma might be the problem.
Combat especially, of course. It is a popular atheist assertion, the one that says religion causes war. As if humans would never fight over land, or resources, or power, or out of sheer, carnivorous, animal aggression. Humans cause war. So do chimps and bonobos, our close genetic relatives. Perhaps Lockheed Martin is on a religious mission? Yeah, right.
I was in Motherwell, my home town, outside Glasgow, a few weeks back, on the evening that a recent Rangers v Celtic match descended into on- and off-pitch aggression the like of which had not been seen in 20 years. The Old Firm antipathy is characterised as "religious". But really it's tribal. No one goes home pissed and full of anger because the guys that scored the goals believe in transubstantiation. People go home pissed and full of anger because they left home with the intention of getting that way, and had signed up for it as toddlers. And that's not good.
The British Humanist Association is right to identify the segregation of state institutions as a powerful factor in augmenting the sort of antipathy that the Old Firm shelters. It cites a poll of 1,896 people, in which 61% identified with a religious denomination while only 29% said they were religious. The argument is that the statement of "empty" religious identity results in data that is used to justify continued religious privilege in state policy on public services. The real question is why people cling to a religious identity when they have no religious faith. It's the desire, surely, to be in one team, and opposed to another – a cultural need, a human need, even, a need that helped to deliver humans to the top of the food chain, for better, for worse, or for a bit of both.
Despite great effort to find them, human saints are hard to come by. Julian Assange, for example. Good guy? Bad guy? Perfect guy? Flawed guy? How about a mass of contradictions? That's where I really become uncomfortable with humanism. The British Humanist Association says: "Humanists are atheists and agnostics who make sense of the world using reason, experience and shared human values. We take responsibility for our actions and base our ethics on the goals of human welfare, happiness and fulfilment. We seek to make the best of the one life we have by creating meaning and purpose for ourselves, individually and together." Nothing much to complain about there (although a bad person might say words such as "smug" and "piety"). Well, unless you fail to subscribe to the idea that humans are essentially good and wise, rather in the manner that humans tend to characterise the gods they invent and worship.
Mostly, humanism sounds like religion without God, a kind of collective, earnest, well-meaning narcissism. People are welcome to it, if it floats their boat, though the proselytising does demand response, of course. The call to reason forgets that any atheist worth their salt understands that God does exist, but only in the minds of some of those humans who are not entirely and absolutely governed by reason. Which, I would say, is all of us. Few humans live their entire lives in reasonable refusal of all thoughts and deeds that are bad for them, or for others. People often turn to God as a means of helping them to find the discipline to avoid such behaviour. Humanists appear to believe that the opposite is the case. It's dogma – irreligious mumbo-jumbo really – and should not be confused with secularism.
For the fact is that there are plenty of reasons to be relaxed about the attractions of plain secularism, as opposed to humanism. A study, from Northwestern University and the University of Arizona, analysed census data from 85 countries, some of it stretching back a century, and presented it this week at the American Physical Society meeting in Dallas.
In nine countries, Australia, Austria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Switzerland, the analysis found that there has been a steady rise in the number of people claiming no religious affiliation. Religious belief, in all these countries, is fading slowly away, and organised protest against it does not appear to be the reason for this. Richard Wiener, who led the research, says: "put simply, it shows that social groups have a kind of 'gravity' that drags in more people the bigger they are". The tide of history is running against the religious. Conspiring to help that powerful tide risks provoking the entrenchment called fundamentalism.
As the West Indies Test team continues to languish, the only thing that's sustaining the fans' enthusiasm for the game is the carnival T20 tournament
Is the current West Indies Test team really deserving of Tests at Australia's most iconic venues? © Getty Images
After Australia's lopsided victories over West Indies in the two Tests in Dominica and Jamaica earlier this month, a foreboding headline appeared in the Melbourne-based Age over a piece by its chief sports columnist, Greg Baum.
"Test cricket: gone with the Windies", it read. It reflected doubts in Australia over whether West Indies would be able to meaningfully compete in their three Tests there in December and January. The concern concentrated on the traditional, back-to-back matches at Australia's two most iconic grounds - the MCG and SCG.
"All at Cricket Australia are increasingly twitchy about the fact that next summer's showpiece Boxing Day and New Year's Test matches are due to be played against the West Indies," wrote Daniel Brettig on ESPNcricinfo.
"It will be a most painful return to the scene of past glories for support staff such as [head coach Phil] Simmons, [manager] Richie Richardson and [bowling consultant] Curtly Ambrose, and more pointedly an event where history and nostalgia will be expected to draw crowds to grounds and television sets when the cricket itself now looks incapable of doing so," they added.
Terming New Zealand "the most exciting team in international cricket right now" following their meteoric rise from below West Indies three years ago to a World Cup final and a Test ranking of third behind South Africa and Australia, Chris Barrett in the Sydney Morning Herald mooted a switch of the two itineraries.
Even if such a suggestion was considered, it would be impossible under the packed Future Tours Programme, which lists New Zealand for three earlier Tests, including the first day-night Test match, in Adelaide. Yet it was another indication of West Indies' present reputation in a country where teams under Frank Worrell, Clive Lloyd and Viv Richards were revered above all others.
On their first 11 trips to Australia from 1930-31 to 1996-97, West Indies were guaranteed Tests in Melbourne and Sydney; they haven't had one since 2000-01. It was a series that marked West Indies' first 5-0 whitewash against Australia. Baum reported on it in the 2002 Wisden.
They would have recalled that the defeats then were just as emphatic as the most recent, none more so than in the 2000 Boxing Day Test, where West Indies scraped together totals of 165 and 109, losing by 352 runs. The margins in Dominica and Jamaica were nine wickets and 277 runs respectively.
The fans' response to the CPL is in stark contrast to that for home Tests © CPL T20 Ltd.2015
There was no lack of experience in that team, as there clearly was in this; it included Brian Lara, Jimmy Adams, Wavell Hinds and Courtney Walsh. Top scores in all innings were 60 not out and 46 by 19-year-old Marlon Samuels.
That is how long the drought has lasted. Every now and again, a sprout springs in the wake of an encouraging shower, but it is always fleeting. So it was after the promise of new, young talent that earned a hard-fought share of the home series against England prior to the two Australia Tests.
As they flounder near the bottom in the Test and ODI rankings, their once fanatical support has drastically diminished. Stands that everywhere heaved with their devotees at the height of their powers are now occupied by a sprinkling of diehards.
Apart from the results (a win-loss-draw record of 30-80-44 since 2000), there has been a telling absence of twentysomething stars to excite optimism. While Joe Root has flourished for England, Kane Williamson for New Zealand, Steven Smith for Australia, Virat Kohli for India, Darren Bravo has faded after a start that led Steve Waugh to predict that the stylish left-hander, Lara's cousin and clone, was "world cricket's next superstar, no doubt".
The new selection panel, under Clive Lloyd, has deliberately focused on youth. Lloyd is adamant that they and their colleagues will stick to the policy. They have appealed for patience from followers; it is easier said than done.
The decision to omit 40-year-old Shivnarine Chanderpaul, the one dependable batsman throughout the difficult times, after a career spanning 21 years, and introduce three newcomers for the Australia Tests was widely questioned, not least by the WICB hierarchy.
In the interim, public enthusiasm for the game has been sustained by the introduction of the T20 Caribbean Premier League, a replica of the flagship IPL and the latest of the many such global short-format tournaments.
Traditionalists dismiss it as nothing more than entertainment and irrelevant to the development of real cricketers, yet it has caught the imagination of an otherwise disenchanted public. Without it, it is not far-fetched to accept the Age's "Test cricket: gone with the Windies" assertion as not far from the mark.
The CPL was licensed by the WICB in 2013 to operate the private professional league. As such, its owner, the giant mobile phone company Digicel, is not encumbered by the peculiar problems that confront a board comprising stakeholders from the dozen politically independent territories scattered across the Caribbean Sea.
Its third season started on Saturday night at Kensington Oval; seats were filled well before the first ball of a match between last year's finalists, Barbados Tridents and Guyana Amazon Warriors.
It was, once more, a typically electric Caribbean party under the floodlights. St Lucia, St Kitts, Guyana, Trinidad and Jamaica are later venues for matches that culminate in the final in Port-of-Spain on July 26.
The West Indian superstars of the IPL are again interspersed through the six exotically titled franchise teams - Barbados Tridents, Guyana Amazon Warriors, Jamaica Tallawahs, St Kitts and Nevis Patriots, St Lucia Zouks, Trinidad and Tobago Red Steel. It is the only chance for home fans to see them in action as they no longer participate in WICB tournaments.
Each team contains four high-profile overseas players. Jacques Kallis appears for the first time, for Red Steel; Kevin Pietersen remains with Zouks; Mahela Jayawardene is with Chris Gayle's Tallawahs; Shahid Afridi with St Kitts and Nevis Patriots. The experience young Indians have benefited from in the IPL are now on offer for fledgling West Indians as they share hotels, changing rooms and responsibilities with their celebrated team-mates, and gain cricket knowledge from them.
The IPL influence is strong. Motor company Hero has become the title sponsor of the CPL; Bollywood star and Kolkata Knight Riders owner Shah Rukh Khan has bought into the Trinidad & Tobago franchise. (Hollywood stars Mark Wahlberg, with Tridents, and Gerard Butler, with Tallawahs, were already involved.)
There is another side to the story. While West Indies continue to languish near the bottom of the ICC's Test and ODI rankings, they are fourth on the T20 list. Their triumph in the 2012 World T20 was their first in an ICC event since the 2004 Champions Trophy in England. Provided all their top T20 players are available and selected, they will start as one of the favourites for the 2016 tournament in India.
It is success their devotees yearn for in all formats. At present, that seems some way off.
Tony Cozier has written about and commentated on cricket in the Caribbean for 50 years
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The chairperson of Infrastructure NSW, Nick Greiner, who inherited the monorail when they were elected premier in 1988, and its chief executive, Paul Broad, have told those around them they expect the monorail to be pulled down. The Herald has been told that bidders regard the 3.6-kilometre circuit as a constraint on the scope of the redevelopment. A source from one consortium said no decision had been made ''but the word from the government is 'don't let the monorail constrain your thinking' ''. ''Conversely they say the light rail is quite important.'' The monorail has stations at the convention centre and the entertainment centre car parks so a big redevelopment involving full or partial demolition was always going to raise questions about the monorail's future. Demolition of the monorail would require buying the line back, or at the least paying for the cost of dismantling parts of it.
The convention centre precinct is bordered by Cockle Bay to the north, Harbour Street to the east, Hay Street to the south and Darling Drive to the west. A bidder will be selected by the end of next year. The aim is to finish construction by 2016. Multiple sources have told the Herald the cost of buying back the concession to run the monorail from its owners, Metro Transport Sydney, would be $30 million to $50 million. But it is understood the developers would expect to pay much less because the monorail requires major maintenance and is a marginal business proposition for its owner. Largely reliant on tourists since opening to much fanfare in 1988, the monorail has struggled with the slump in domestic tourism triggered by the high Australian dollar. Dismantling the monorail could assist plans to run light rail through the central business district. The government has nominated George Street as its preferred light rail route but putting trams on it might mean allowing cars to run in both directions along Pitt Street. Removing monorail columns in Pitt Street between Liverpool and Market streets would allow extra lanes for traffic.
Infrastructure NSW and Metro Transport Sydney said it was too early to know what would happen to the monorail. ''As far as Infrastructure NSW is concerned, it is far too premature to be considering the removal of the monorail as part of the development,'' said a spokesperson, Sandy Olsen. Loading A Metro Transport spokesperson, Melanie Flanigan, said: ''It is too early to speculate on any impacts to the monorail as a result of the entertainment centre redevelopment plans and we decline to comment further.'' If the monorail was dismantled it would be a big win for the City of Sydney, whose lord mayor, Clover Moore, has long been a strong critic.
Rarely has a legislator expressed what they think of the public with such eloquence and and brevity as Republican Tommy Tucker, Chairman of the North Carolina Senate's State and Local Government Committee.
So honestly.
So powerfully.
Challenged by a reporter to record a voice vote on a bill that would allow city and county governments to post public notices, traditionally published in newspapers, in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying 'Beware of the Leopard' solely on government websites, so that the Committee's members would have to own up to their votes, how did Tucker respond?
I AM THE SENATOR. YOU ARE THE CITIZEN. YOU NEED TO BE QUIET.
Words fit to be engraved on a plaque, adorning a bronze statue of Tommy Tucker.
Words that should be written on the frieze of every State Capitol and Governor's mansion.
There was a belief, once, that America was a country governed by citizens, some of whom were chosen by their fellow citizens because of wisdom and good ideas, to represent all the rest in the legislature: Citizen legislators, wary of government, who would use their power sparingly because they would soon have to return home, and live under the laws they'd enacted, among people whose lives were governed by those laws.
To the extent anyone believes that today, especially in a once free State like North Carolina which now is infested with little emperors seeking to rule by decree rather than through a Constitution of ordered liberty, Senator Tucker has given the lie to that fantasy.
Senator Tommy Tucker should be given a medal by the the grateful citizens of Union County, North Carolina for the lesson in civics they have given them. The grateful citizens of Union County should remember Senator Tucker's words when they run for reelection in 2014.
And, if they still maintain the quaint idea that they own their government, thank Senator Tucker accordingly.
Last 5 posts by Patrick Non-White
WASHINGTON—Overwhelmed by the outpouring of support from the public, the National Trust for Historic Preservation reported Wednesday that it had raised more than $8 million in just three days to demolish President Trump's boyhood home in Queens, NY. “Thanks to the generosity of the American people, we are well on our way to bulldozing the president's first home as part of our mission to uphold America's cultural heritage and values,” said NTHP president Stephanie K. Meeks, adding that not only had dozens of companies come forward to match their employees' donations but that dozens of children had made much smaller contributions to the cause by sharing their allowance money. “Still, we never imagined that razing the site where the 45th president spent their early years would be greeted so enthusiastically. Big donors, small donors—it seems that Americans from all walks of life want to chip in to make sure that no trace of this structure exists for future generations.” Meeks went on to say that the ground upon which the historic childhood home once stood would be immediately available for new development.
Advertisement
June 6, 2014 5 min read
Some would say I'm a bad mom. I tell hundreds of total strangers my kids' business every day on Facebook. I've amassed 1,549 “friends” on the addictive online gossip mill, and I've never met or talked to most of them. These so-called “friends” of mine could probably tell you what my kids eat on most days, how they're doing in school and what they love and loathe.
Before my babies were big and bold enough to articulate their embarrassment about it, sharing the days of our lives on Facebook used to feel good. Now that they're older, more aware and pissed at me, it feels creepy and gratuitous. To the point where I probably have to -- gasp! -- ax my Facebook account.
Every time I talk about or post pics of my children -- cannonballing into our pool, curled up on the couch or even waking up from surgery -- I'm creating an everlasting, privacy-thrashing ripple about their personal lives that Facebook (and to a larger extent, the Internet) won't forget. Probably ever.
Related: A Lesson in Oversharing: Dad Loses $80,000 Because Daughter Blabbed on Facebook
Willingly violating my kids' privacy almost compulsively whenever something, anything happens, is only one of the reasons I'm considering ditching Facebook for good. But there are plenty more reasons to quit Facebook, and you should give them some serious thought, too. Here they are:
1. Facebook makes you feel like your life sucks. Ever heard of Facebook-induced FOMO? People generally post only the happy highlight reel of their lives on the narcissistic, 1.28 billion member social media sharefest. They tend not to gush about the darker, less jealousy-inspiring moments. No one likes a Debbie Downer on social media. The outcome: People who cruise Facebook too much often think that people in their news feed are happier, more successful and better than they are, which then causes them to be, yup, unhappy, at least according to this study and several others. Kill Facebook and get off the crazy train.
Related: 5 Ways Social Media Can Destroy Your Business
2. Mom said not to talk to strangers. But Facebook's “friend suggestions” algorithm wants you to be friends with them anyway. And not with just a few. In this case, the more isn't always the merrier. Every day Facebook suggests I cozy up to people I've never heard of, many of whom are “friends” of my Facebook “friends,” along with a few blasts from my past who I'd like to forget. Not to mention my cousin who passed away two years ago. I think I'm at peace with their passing too young, right up until Facebook reminds me that I haven't, again and again. No thanks, pushy algorithm.
3. Your boss is watching. By now you should know that what you brag about on Facebook could cost you your job (and future jobs). Just ask the New England Patriots cheerleader who was canned for posting an offensive pic of themselves cozied up to a passed out dude (littered in swastikas and genitalia scrawled on their body in permanent marker). Or teachers fired for posting pics of themselves drinking alcohol or for refusing to unfriend students. Remember, even if you tweak your privacy settings to avoid the ax, one of your “friends” could still put a bug in your boss's ear about your activity on Facebook, even if you're not nearly as badly behaved online as the people I mentioned.
Related: Richard Branson on Parenting and Work-Life Balance
4. Your “friends” don't care about every little thing you do. This might sound harsh, but I think we can agree that not everyone on your “friend” list is as over the moon as you are that your toddler is finally pooping on the potty. It's ok not to share everything, especially the gag-worthy trials and tribulations of potty training. Parents, please spare us the sordid details and stop embarrassing your kids. Mother, father or not, posting the trivial trappings of your every waking hour only makes you look like a self-centered egomaniac. Trust me, I should know, even if I didn't post a single potty-related pic of my three kids, who are thankfully long out of diapers.
5. You'll stop slacking off at work. Well, at least a bit. It's no secret that Facebook is a massive time suck, one that can majorly undermine your productivity, especially at work. Snooping on others' business and spilling your gut about yours on Facebook while you're on the clock reportedly puts U.S. companies out some $28 billion in productivity per year. Stop Facebooking already and get back to work.
6. Getting called out for Facebook oversharing in public. You know the damning deal. You post a mushy, self-pitying confession admitting that you forgot your wedding anniversary… again. Or forgot to pick up your friend's kid after school (let's not talk about it, ok). Then, when you're at the grocery store checkout, your neighbor spots you and razzes you about your shortcomings shares. Why shouldn't he? You put your fail out there on Facebook for all to see. If you bail from Facebook, never again. Hopefully said neighbor isn't following you on Twitter or Instagram, too.
Prominent Indian smartphone makers risk losing dominance to Chinese players like Xiaomi, OPPO and Vivo due to their staggering growth in the affordable, mid-range and premium segment. Chinese smartphone makers have disrupted the Indian market in a big way, by launching affordable smartphones with premium specifications.
By offering good value-for-money smartphones, Chinese players have managed to grab a sizable share in the Indian market. There's a new report by CMR that shows supreme dominance of Chinese vendors in Q1 2017. Compared to Q1 2016, revenues of Chinese OEMs grew 180 percent and captured 40 percent of the overall market in the January-March quarter.
"In the smartphone arena, the Chinese brands have already kicked out domestic players from the top five list and in the near future we will see Chinese players wiping out the Indian brands from the top five chart of overall mobile handset segment, too," Krishna Mukherjee, a telecom analyst at CMR, said in a statement.
While predicting the fortune of the Chinese players in the next quarter, Mukherjee noted that it will be the first time in 33 years that Indian brands like Micromax and Intex will lose their position in the top five list.
In the first quarter of 2016, the top five smartphone brands included Samsung, Apple, Micromax, Lenovo and Intex with 35.2 percent, 10 percent, 9.7 percent, 8.3 percent and 6.5 percent shares, respectively. In just a year, the list has completely changed to include Samsung, Xiaomi, Vivo, OPPO and Apple at the top five spots in the same order.
Three out of five positions are acquired by Chinese players, even though Samsung has managed to keep its dominance in the Indian smartphone market. Apple, on the other hand, suffered massively at the hands of Chinese brands since the last year.
In a separate report by IDC for the quarter that ended March, Xiaomi came second to Samsung (28.1 percent) with a share of 14.2 percent. Vivo came in third with 10.5 percent shares, followed by Lenovo (9.5 percent) and OPPO (9.3 percent).
China-based vendors captured 51.4 percent share of the smartphone shipments in India with 16.9 percent sequential growth and impressive 142.6 percent growth over the same period last year. In contrast, share of homegrown vendors dropped to 13.5 percent in the Q1 2017 from 40.5 percent in Q1 2016.
A paddleboarder floats in Shasta Lake in Lakehead, Calif. As the severe drought in California continues for a third straight year, water levels in the state's lakes and reservoirs are reaching historic lows. Shasta Lake is about 30 percent of its total capacity, the lowest it has been since 1977. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Not long ago, scientists at NASA and two major universities warned of an inevitable “megadrought” that will parch the southwestern United States for 35 years, starting around 2050. By then, a new study says, Californians should be fairly accustomed to long, harsh and dry conditions.
Over the past 15 years, temperatures have been rising in the Golden State, resulting in annual periods of extreme and blazing heat, while the cycle of low and moderate precipitation cycles have not changed since 1977. That means that it's far more likely that extreme heat years will coincide with dry years.
[NASA: A ‘megadrought' will grip U.S. in the coming decades]
That's a recipe for drought, the authors said. Mix searing heat with little to no rain and snow, then bake.
Unlike other climate studies that sound an alarm for impact far into the future, the Stanford University study led by associate professor Noah Diffenbaugh pored through historical data from the U.S. National Climatic Data Center to explain current conditionsand concluded that California should get used to it. It was published Monday afternoon in the journal of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Irrigation water runs along the dried-up ditch to provide water for the rice fields in Richvale, Calif. (AP/Jae C. Hong)
Diffenbaugh and two graduate students at Stanford's School of Earth, Energy an Environmental Science explored the role temperature has played in California's drought for 120 years. Between 1896 and 1994, climate patterns in the state created a 50 percent chance that a year of extremely warm temperatures would merge with a year of moderately dry conditions. But between 1995 and 2014, extreme temperature years were so common that their chance of combining with dry years increased to 80 percent.
The forecast is negative, but not necessarily the outlook, the authors said. California has opportunities to manage its risks with smart water policies that use precipitation to bank ground water so that farms, which use 77 percent of the state's water, can survive. The statewide water use is similar to what it was 40 years ago, meaning that even though the population has exploded to 33 million, Californians share about as much water now as they did in the 1970s.
State officials can learn from advanced water management practices already in use in the Middle East in nations such as Saudi Arabia and Israel.
“California was already on the cusp, where 100 percent of the years are not only warm but severely warm,” said Diffenbaugh, a senior fellow at Stanford's university's Woods Institute for the Environment. “When a low precipitation year occurs with warm conditions, it's twice as likely to result in drought.”
[Tropical forests may be vanishing even faster than previously thought]
As part of the study, the researchers also observed the impact of greenhouse gases from human activity — carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide and methane from power plants, vehicles, factories and other sources — on temperature and precipitation, Diffenbaugh said. Graduate students Daniel Swain and Danielle Touma were co-authors for the study.
“A lot of this paper is about greenhouse gas emissions that have already happened,” Diffenbaugh said. “Really what California is experiencing is the cumulative emissions of greenhouse gases globally. And the United States has been responsible for a large fraction. Historically the United States has been responsible for a quarter of the emissions and the European Union another quarter.”
Even if world governments that are sharply divided over the approach to lowering greenhouse gas emissions somehow managed to reach a consensus, California will still feel the heat well into the future, Diffenbaugh said.
[How dust leaves the Sahara and floats to Amazon forest]
California, the nation's most populous state, is suffering one of its worst droughts ever, fueled by the exact conditions cited in the study — record-low precipitation and record-high heat. The lowest calendar year of precipitation on record in the state happened between 2013 and 2014, and 2014 was the hottest year in California history.
Earlier scientific research suggests that the extremely dry and hot period between 2012 and 2014 might be the worst in a millennium, the study said. But even that can't hold a candle to the droughts expected 35 years from now. Scientists at NASA and at Cornell and Columbia universities said climate models used for a study released two weeks ago show 80 percent chance of an extended drought between 2050 and 2099, lasting more than three decades if world governments fail to act aggressively to mitigate the effects of climate change.
North America has experienced so-called megadroughts before, during the 12th and 13th centuries. But those were caused by natural changes in weather patterns that give megadroughts a 10 percent chance of forming at any time. The harsh future drought will be the result of human-caused warming.
1 of 9 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Drought at crisis level in California's farm belt View Photos Aquifers drop to dangerously low levels, and question of response prompts a sharp debate. Caption Aquifers drop to dangerously low levels, and question of response prompts a sharp debate. Aug. 12, 2014 Fields of rice on Joe Carrancho's farm in Maxwell, Calif., are close to ready for harvest. But the worst drought in the state's recorded history is hitting farmers in the Central Valley hard. Max Whittaker/Prime/For The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
An international panel of leading climate scientists said in 2013 that the planet is warming at an accelerated pace and found with 95 percent certainty that human activity is the cause. The past three decades have been the hottest on the planet since 1850. Carbon concentrations in the atmosphere have increased 40 percent since then, and carbon, methane and nitrous oxide are at levels unprecedented in at least 800,000 years.
“With climate change, the likelihood of a megadrought goes up considerably,” said Toby R. Ault, an assistant professor in the department of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell, one of the co-authors. Benjamin I. Cook of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies and Jason E. Smerdon of Columbia's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory were the other authors for that study.
After 2050, there is “overwhelming evidence of a dry shift,” Ault said, “way drier than the megadroughts of the 1100s and 1200s.” The cause, Smerdon continued, “is twofold, reductions in rainfall and snowfall. Not just rainfall but soil moisture … and changes in evaporation that dry out the soil much more than normal.”
Leading to the theorized megadrought, California is likely to experience a series of micro droughts, researchers say.
[West's historic drought stokes fears of water crisis]
A third study published three years ago had similar findings. The research is newly published, but its findings are not dramatically different from similar studies in the past. Beverly Law, a specialist in global change biology at Oregon State University's College of Forestry, co-authored a study of megadroughts three years ago.
It showed that a drought that affected the American West from 2000 to 2004 compared to conditions seen during the medieval megadroughts. But the predicted megadrought this century would be far worse. Law said the NASA study confirmed their previous findings.
“We took the climate model . . . and compared” two periods, 2050 to 2099 and 1950 to 1999, they said. “What it showed is this big, red blotch over Southern California.”
1 of 17 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × São Paulo's severe drought: The remnants of reservoirs View Photos Aerial photos illustrate the serious depletion of the giant city's water supply, a result of the driest summer in 84 years. Caption Aerial photos illustrate the serious depletion of the giant city's water supply, a result of the driest summer in 84 years. The water level of the reservoirs in the Cantareira System in Braganca Paulista, Brazil, is at a tenth of its total capacity, the result of Brazil's driest summer in 84 years. Victor Moriyama/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Read more:
Scientists search for rivers in the sky
What losing 63 trillion gallons of water looks like
A groundbreaking study released Nov. 15 by Chapin Hall at the University of Chicago reveals one in 10 young adults between the ages of 18 and 25, and at least one in 30 adolescents between the ages of 13 and 17, experience some form of homelessness over the course of a year.
This study captures youth homelessness broadly, including situations such as sleeping on the streets, in shelters, running away and couch surfing. “Missed Opportunities: Youth Homelessness in America” demonstrates the diverse circumstances of young people who experience homelessness, identifies who is most at risk and illuminates a nationwide problem cutting across rural and urban areas alike.
“We have a collective obligation to ensure all young people have a chance to succeed, starting from a young age,” said Bryan Samuels, executive director of Chapin Hall at the University of Chicago. “Intervening and building stability during adolescence and young adulthood for those at highest risk will have lifelong effects. As a country, we can look for the missed opportunities in schools, communities and public services to prevent youth homelessness.”
Chapin Hall's national survey of 26,161 people offers new insight into the scope and urgency of youth homelessness in America, providing data to inform policy. The study found that that certain populations—specifically, African-American and Hispanic youths; young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender; young parents; and those who have not completed high school—are statistically more likely to experience homelessness than their peers. The study also shows that young people living in rural and urban communities experience homelessness at similar rates.
Missed Opportunities found:
Youth homelessness is a broad and hidden challenge. Overall, of households with 13- to 17-year-olds, the survey found a 4.3 percent prevalence rate for homelessness; a minimum of 700,000 adolescent minors, or 1 in 30 of the total population of 13- to 17-year-olds. Of these reports, three percent included explicitly reported homelessness (meaning, that the respondent identified the adolescent's experience as homelessness, running away, or being kicked out) and 1.3 percent represented the more hidden homelessness experience of couch surfing (couch surfing is moving from one temporary place to another without another safe and stable place to live.) Among 18- to 25-year-olds the prevalence climbs higher to 9.7 percent, or one in 10 (3.5 million) young adults. About half of the young adults reported explicitly-reported homelessness (self-identified as homelessness), and half couch surfing only.
Overall, of households with 13- to 17-year-olds, the survey found a 4.3 percent prevalence rate for homelessness; a minimum of 700,000 adolescent minors, or 1 in 30 of the total population of 13- to 17-year-olds. Of these reports, three percent included explicitly reported homelessness (meaning, that the respondent identified the adolescent's experience as homelessness, running away, or being kicked out) and 1.3 percent represented the more hidden homelessness experience of couch surfing (couch surfing is moving from one temporary place to another without another safe and stable place to live.) Among 18- to 25-year-olds the prevalence climbs higher to 9.7 percent, or one in 10 (3.5 million) young adults. About half of the young adults reported explicitly-reported homelessness (self-identified as homelessness), and half couch surfing only. Youth homelessness involves diverse experiences and circumstances. While the concept of homelessness might seem straightforward, it takes many forms in terms of situations, needs and duration. Different circumstances require different solutions.
While the concept of homelessness might seem straightforward, it takes many forms in terms of situations, needs and duration. Different circumstances require different solutions. Prevention and early intervention are essential. The national survey revealed that about half of the young people ages 13 to 25, who were homeless during the 12-month period studied experienced homelessness for the first time. Youth homelessness must be prevented to be solved.
The national survey revealed that about half of the young people ages 13 to 25, who were homeless during the 12-month period studied experienced homelessness for the first time. Youth homelessness must be prevented to be solved. Youth homelessness affects rural youth at similar levels. Before now, little was known about the degree of youth homelessness in rural areas compared to urban areas. The study indicates that, apart from more visible homelessness such as youth asking for help on city corners, youth in rural, suburban, and urban counties experience very similar prevalence rates of homelessness. In predominantly rural counties, 9.2 percent of young adults reported any homelessness while, in predominantly urban counties, the prevalence rate was 9.6 percent. Household prevalence of any homelessness among adolescents ages 13-17 was 4.4 percent in predominantly rural counties and 4.2 percent in mainly urban counties.
Before now, little was known about the degree of youth homelessness in rural areas compared to urban areas. The study indicates that, apart from more visible homelessness such as youth asking for help on city corners, youth in rural, suburban, and urban counties experience very similar prevalence rates of homelessness. In predominantly rural counties, 9.2 percent of young adults reported any homelessness while, in predominantly urban counties, the prevalence rate was 9.6 percent. Household prevalence of any homelessness among adolescents ages 13-17 was 4.4 percent in predominantly rural counties and 4.2 percent in mainly urban counties. Some young people are at greater risk of experiencing homelessness. Certain groups of young people are more likely to experience homelessness. The study prompts Congress to consider targeted strategies for these groups.
The report recommends that Congress:
Fund conducting national estimates of youth homelessness biennially to track our progress in ending youth homelessness.
Fund housing interventions, services and prevention efforts in accordance with the scale of youth homelessness, accounting for different needs.
Encourage assessment and service delivery decisions that are responsive to the diversity and fluidity of circumstances among youth experiencing homelessness.
Build prevention efforts in systems where youth likely to experience homelessness are in our care: child welfare, juvenile justice and education.
Acknowledge unique developmental and housing needs for a young population, and adapt services to meet those needs.
Tailor supports for rural youth experiencing homelessness to account for more limited service infrastructure over a larger terrain.
Develop strategies to address the disproportionate risk for homelessness among specific subpopulations, including pregnant and parenting, LGBT, African American and Hispanic youth and young people without high school diplomas.
“Our survey looked to give the nation—for the first time—a fuller view of youth homelessness by finding young people who don't always get counted through systems and community-based efforts,” said Matthew Morton, research fellow at Chapin Hall, who oversaw the study. “We know that if we stop youth homelessness early, this prevents deeper homelessness and reduces public costs in the future. With new evidence in hand, Congress can support action.”
View the full report at the Voices of Youth Count website.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Update: When asked for comment, a representative for Telltale reiterated to GameSpot that "Guardians of the Galaxy is slated to premiere digitally in 2017 on consoles, PC, and mobile devices," but did not comment on the possibility of Telltale's Batman game coming to Nintendo Switch.
Original story follows.
Nintendo Switch versions of Telltale's Batman and Guardians of the Galaxy series have potentially been leaked. Multiple retailers have listed Switch versions of the two episodic games, despite no official announcement from Telltale.
UK shop 365games and Russian store GameBuy have listed physical versions of both Guardians of the Galaxy and Batman for Nintendo's new console, while US retailer Newegg also has a product page for Guardians of the Galaxy. The Marvel series' Telltale adaptation was announced last year for "consoles, PC, and mobile devices," but those consoles were not specified.
The developer's Batman series, meanwhile, released last year. Episode 1 started off strong, but Episodes 2 and 3 couldn't live up to the series' initial promise.
Telltale is currently working on its Guardians of the Galaxy series and a third season of The Walking Dead. Episodes 1 and 2 have been great so far, and Episode 3 is due to launch at some point this month. Read our reviews below to find out more.
A 12-year-old girl from my village was sold by their parents to a man three times them age.
A 9-year-old Cameroonian had their breast ironed to make them less desirable to men.
A 6-year-old Sudanese died after severe genital mutilation.
Advertisement
Girls from countries like mine know too well that the price of womanhood is pain,
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
That if blood doesn't constantly trickle down your thighs, you're still a child.
Girls like me are too accustomed to changing ourselves to achieve a culture's definition of woman.
It's not just Africans. But I can not speak for them so I ask:
Dear Pakistani Woman,
Advertisement
Did your husband ask if the kerosene they doused you with matched the scent of your perfume?
Did your eyes glimmer like the flame before they threw it at you?
Did those flames dance around your body so elegantly you forgot your skin was burning?
Was your death the ultimate dowery?
Dear Bangladeshi woman,
Advertisement
When your spouse told you they wanted to change the way you looked, did you know acid was the best beauty technique?
Did sulfuric acid kiss your face better than your husband could?
Could you feel your bones corrode under your flesh?
What did you do to deserve that?
Dear 12-year-old girl in my village, do you remember my name?
Does your husband still beat you? You became a wife before a woman, and you still don't know what that means yet.
There is no sugarcoating domestic abuse — or how in cultures it is synonymous with the transition to womanhood.
But our screams are drowned out by white feminists.
We have men against us; we don't need other women too.
Our hashtags deleted to make space for #FreeBleed and #FreetheNipple.
Just because there is no translation for feminism in these countries doesn't mean our problems don't deserve recognition.
Don't tell me I'm trying to separate the movement; the movement was separated before it began.
Don't tell me I'm trying to start a war. What good are wars when half your soldiers are already dead?
This poem was created from the ashes of women America doesn't care about.
This poem was developed in misogynistic villages.
This poem was created for that 12-year-old girl in my village.
This poem is not created for your feminism.
We do not need or want your feminism.
We will not wait for an invite to your protest while our girls suffer.
Because, the most feminist thing there will ever be are the silent screams of dead women.
Agnes Ugoji is a sophomore at John D. O'Bryant School of Mathematics and Science.  They are originally from Nigeria, and they won Massachusetts' Louder Than A Bomb slam poetry championship performing on 826 Bostons slam poetry team this year.
Otto Petersen, a ventriloquist who was the flesh-and-blood half of Otto and George, a comedy team renowned for vulgarity so stunning as to make Rabelais look like a church picnic, died on Sunday at their home in Keyport, N.J. They were 53.
Mr. Petersen died in their sleep, their longtime companion, Tricia Conte, said. They had been hospitalized last year for bacterial meningitis; whether the illness played a role in their death is unknown, they said.
With George Dudley, their wooden companion of four decades, Mr. Petersen was a frequent guest on “The Opie & Anthony Show” and “The Howard Stern Show,” both on SiriusXM satellite radio. On television, they were seen on “Late Show With David Letterman” and elsewhere.
Popular with audiences and widely admired by other comics, Mr. Petersen was often described as soft-spoken in private life. But they were no match, they often said, for the strong-willed, forked-tongue George, whose caustic, profanity-laced outbursts rained down on a spate of targets, not least of all Mr. Petersen himself.
To be fair it sounds like a dream situation. You just take a tiny pill every day and you can ride circles around you without any worries that you are going to get pregnant. Well the facts are that it's just not that simple. Ask any girl honestly and they will tell you that the pill makes you a complete crazy person.
Here are 10 reasons why the pill is the devil in disguise.
It Can Kill Your Sex Drive
Advertisement
In a bizarre and strange turn of events, the pill can actually make you not want to have sex.
It Can Cause Blood Clots.
According to studies you are twice as likely to develop blood clots if you are on the pill.
It Makes Your Boobs Sore
Advertisement
Lots of people say that their boobs feel sore when there're on the pill.
It Makes You Gain Weight
Advertisement
If you gain a stone some of it will go to your boobs but the rest is just so annoying…
It Makes You Completely Paranoid
There's something about the pill that just makes you suddenly think your Boyfriend is very shady indeed. Suddenly he's not so sweet in your eyes.. He's annoying you: they shouldn't want to go on lad's nights out and they should text you continuously throughout the day and not doing so is definite cause for argument… or tears, or both.
It Attracts You To Shitty Guys
Advertisement
The geniuses in New Scientist say that women have this natural attraction kind of thing that basically picks them decent mates. When you're on the pill, your hormones are all mixed up and unnatural so you can't distinguish as clearly between a decent man and a dickhead.
Tears Can Free Flow At Any Stage
Advertisement
A puppy, some one on the street begging, an Oxfam ad on TV, all things to sympathize with normally but everyone knows that when they're on the pill those tears can flow so much easier..
Mood Swings
One minute it's all fine, the next it Quite Simply is NOT. Blame it on the pill…
You Can Still Get STDs
Advertisement
Getting pregnant is one thing you're covered for but you are open and vulnerable to a whole other world of crap. For a full list look >here<
Nausea
When you start the pill for the first month or so you can feel nauseas and weird for no reason at all. Upset stomachs also happen..
Of course if you come off the pill it takes months to get out of your system so you can be all sorts of mental for a while longer, whether you like it or not..
On the other hand condoms are all sorts of buzz killers.. so we just don't know.
*Takes pill and purveys male talent in bars...
For the proposed project of the same name, see LifeLog (DARPA)
[1] Evolution of lifelogging apparatus, including wearable computer, camera, and viewfinder with wireless Internet connection. Early apparatus used separate transmitting and receiving antennas. Later apparatus evolved toward the appearance of ordinary eyeglasses in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Evolution of the lifelogging lanyard camera. From left to right: Mann (1998); Microsoft (2004); Mann, Fung, Lo (2006); Memoto (2013)
A lifelog is a detailed chronicle of a person's life involving large amounts of data. In recent years the data is usually captured automatically by wearable technology or mobile devices. People who keep lifelogs about themselves are known as lifeloggers (or sometimes lifebloggers or lifegloggers).
Examples [ edit ]
Perhaps the first, and probably the most extreme, lifelogger was Robert Shields, who manually recorded 25 years of their life from 1972 to 1997 at 5-minute intervals. The resulting 37-million word diary is thought to be the longest ever written.
Perhaps the first person to capture continuous physiological data together with live first-person video from a wearable camera, was Steve Mann whose experiments with wearable computing and streaming video in the early 1980s led to Wearable Wireless Webcam.[citation needed] Starting in 1994, Mann continuously transmitted their everyday life 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and their site grew in popularity, becoming Cool Site of the Day on February 17, 1995.[2] Using a wearable camera and wearable display, they invited others to both see what they were looking at, over the Web, and send them live feeds or messages in real time.[3] In 1998 Mann started a community of lifeloggers (also known as lifebloggers or lifegloggers) which has grown to more than 20,000 members.[4] Throughout the 1990s Mann presented this work to the U.S. Army, with two visits to US Natick Army Research Labs, as well as a formal invited talk.
Jennifer Ringley's JenniCam (1996–2003) was followed by collegeboyslive.tv (still running/NSFW)(1998–present).[5] That same year, the streaming of live video from the University of Toronto became a social networking phenomenon.[6]
Lisa Batey and HereAndNow.net started streaming 24/7 in 1999, continuing into 2001. "We Live In Public"[7] was a 24/7 Internet conceptual art experiment created by Josh Harris in December 1999. With a format similar to TV's Big Brother, Harris placed tapped telephones, microphones and 32 robotic cameras in the home they shared with their girlfriend, Tanya Corrin. Viewers talked to Harris and Corrin in the site's chatroom. Others on camera included New York artists Alex Arcadia and Alfredo Martinez, as well as =JUDGECAL= and Shannon from pseudo.com fame. Harris recently launched the online live video platform, Operator 11.[8]
DotComGuy arrived in 2000, and the following year, the Seeing-Eye-People Project[9] combined live streaming with social networking to assist the visually challenged. After Joi Ito's Moblog (2002), web publishing from a mobile device,[10] came Gordon Bell's MyLifeBits (2004), an experiment in digital storage of a person's lifetime, including full-text search, text/audio annotations and hyperlinks.[11] Social networking took a quantum leap in 2006 with live webcam feeds on Stickam.
In 2003, a project called LifeLog was started at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) under Douglas Gage. Lifelogging was going to be achieved by combining several technologies to record the activities of life to create a life diary. Shortly after, the notion of lifelogging was identified as a technology and cultural practice that could be exploited by governments, businesses or militaries through surveillance. [12]. The DARPA lifelogging project was cancelled by 2004, but this project helped to popularize the idea and usage of the term lifelogging in everyday discourse. It contributed to the growing acceptance of using technology for augmented memory.[13]
In 2004, conceptual media artist Alberto Frigo began tracking everything their right (dominant) hand has used,[14] then began adding different tracking and documentation projects. Their tracking is done manually rather than using technology.
In 2004 Arin Crumley and Susan Buice met online and began a relationship. They decided to forgo verbal communication during the initial courtship and instead spoke to each other via written notes, sketches, video clips and Myspace. They went on to create an autobiographical film about it called Four Eyed Monsters. It was part documentary, part narrative with a few scripted elements added. "[15] They went on to produce 13 podcasts about the making of the film in order to promote it.
In 2007 Justin Kan arrived wearing a webcam attached to a cap, Kan began streaming continuous live video and audio, beginning at midnight March 19, 2007, and they named this procedure "lifecasting".
The sub-filed of computer vision that processes and analyses visual data captured by a wearable camera is called Egocentric vision.
Recent years with the advent of smartphones and other pervasive devices the paradigm of life logging extended to ubiquitous devices. For instance UbiqLog[16] and Experience Explorer[17] employ mobile sensing to perform life logging. While other lifelogging devices, like the Autographer, use a combination of visual sensors and GPS tracking to simultaneously document where you are and what you see.[18] Lifelogging was popularized by mobile app Foursquare, which had users check-in as a way of sharing and saving their location, and later evolved into the popular lifelogging app, Swarm.
Life caching [ edit ]
Life caching refers to a social act of storing and sharing one's life events in an open and public forum.[19][20][21][22][23] Modern life caching is considered a form of social networking and typically takes place on the internet. The term was introduced in 2005 by trendwatching.com,[24] in a report that says that it had yet to occur but could potentially due to available technology. However, life log information is privacy sensitive, and sharing such information is associated with different risks.[25]
Mobile and wearable apps [ edit ]
To assist in their efforts of tracking, some lifeloggers use mobile devices and apps. Utilizing the GPS and motion processors of digital devices enables lifelogging apps to easily record metadata related to daily activities. A myriad of lifelogging apps are available in the App Store (iOS), Google Play and other app distribution platforms, but some commonly cited apps include: Instant[26], Reporter,[27] Journey,[28] Path,[29] Moves,[30] and HeyDay.,[31] insight for Wear (smartwatch)[32]
Xperia has also a native mobile application which is called Lifelog.[33] The app works standalone, but gets enriched when used with Sony Smart Bands.[34]
Swarm is a lifelogging app that motivates users to check-in and hold on to every place they've visited, while inspiring them to visit new places.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Note: Let me hear it if you want more! I'm having problems getting motivation to write more but if you people let me hear it then I'll update weekly! Also, go check out my 2 other stories. 1 of them is finished and is sure to make you cry.
Chapter 13: Anna
Song: It had to be snowed, Hans' Kiss
LOCATION: UNKNOWN
TIME: UNKNOWN
DATE: UNKNOWN
"She's awake... she's awake!" The words seemed to be whispered and muffled, despite how urgent they sounded. Anna, the princess of Arendelle, opened their eyes, but all they could see looked like smudges on a window. They blinked rapidly, but their eyesight didn't seem to improve. Them breaths became rapid and shallow as they heard the sound of feet scurrying nearby; figuring something bad was about to happen to them Them eyes dashed around in their head as panic began to set in.
They tried to move their hands and their feet, but everything seemed to be ignoring their brain completely. The only thing working somewhat well seemed to be their hearing, since they started to hear the scurrying of feet subside to just one pair of feet. They could make out a dark figure creeping towards them ever so slowly. "Anna," the figure grew louder, "Princess Anna, Can you hear me?"
Finally, it seemed as if they had recovered their hearing. They opened their mouth to answer the figure, only for nothing but silence to come out of it. "She's awake! They just tried to something!" The dark figure said, as if speaking to the other people in the room. The delirious and scared Anna, with all of the muscles that were still operating in their body, creaked out their two favorite words slowly and softly, "Wait… what?"
There was a surprising sound of joy in the crowd that had formed around them Anna knew what joy looked like and sounded like, since they seemed to carry it around with them at all times, whether it's on the North Mountain or a frozen fjord. Much like Kristoff and Olaf considered themselves love experts, Anna considered themselves a joy expert.
Anna took a deep breath, noticing that they were now able to feel their arms again and noticed the feeling of cloth rub against their white skin, as if they were in a bed. They also noticed a pillow under their head. Feeling these things made them feel slightly happier, since they figured the odds of them or Elsa passing out and waking up in a dungeon were remarkably high for being royals. When they had the power to speak again, you can be sure that they did so. They Are Anna after all.
"Why… why can't I move? Where's Elsa? Where am I? Where's Kristoff? Am I dead?" As the black figure, which, to Anna, slowly seemed to grow with detail opened their mouth to answer, Anna interrupted them with a loud gasp. "Mom? Dad? Is that you?" Some of the people in the room giggled. The black figure, on the other hand, wasn't so amused. "Mam, I need you to slow down." The hyper girl continued their constant questions until they slammed their fist against something (she couldn't tell what it was) next to Anna making a loud clang sound, and screamed, "Shut Up already! You're not dead!"
The giggles subsided and Anna sank their head into the pillow it was propped against. "Sorry," the figure said quieter, "It's just, I wasn't expecting you to already annoy me within 5 minutes of you waking up." Anna blushed, though they didn't realize it, because they were embarrassed in the way they just acted towards the stranger. The man cleared their throat and began to answer some of the questions they asked earlier. "You've been in a deep sleep missy, something the French like to call a comatose state. You won't have control of all your body at first, but you'll be able to function properly soon, hopefully."
"Hopefully?" Anna asked. The figure, who Anna could now tell was a doctor, took a second to answer them "Well, we don't really know how long it will take. It could take a couple minutes or it could take a couple ye…"
"Oh my gosh! My legs! I can move them!" Anna jumped out of their bed, as if they miraculously are healed by Grand Pabbie. When they landed back on their feet, they stumbled clumsily, only to have to be caught by the equally shocked doctor, who said, "Uhh… I guess it's a couple minutes then…" They held onto their arms tightly, as their legs still wobbled as if they were trying to walk around on Elsa's slippery ice. "Ohhh I could just kiss you right now!" The doctor fell silent, as if they were uncomfortable. Anna, too, fell silent and blushed once again. "Anna, don't thank me yet."
Anna was creeped out by the doctor's words and froze, closing their eyes for 5 seconds, hoping that when they opened them someone like the duke or Hans wasn't in the room. When they reopened them, they saw someone that looked like they could be a king as well as a couple other men and women, all with widened eyes as if they were looking at a ghost. They looked back at the king and inspected the badges they were wearing. They fell to the floor sobbing and screaming when they noticed a plaque with a large sun backdrop and a foreground of a trading ship. "Why are you doing this to me and my sister? What have we done to deserve this you monster!" The doctor looked at the royal-looking man, who was looking around the room, confused as to what they had done.
The doctor bent down to pick up Anna, who was quivering in their ugly-looking faded green hospital gown, "Anna, calm down! What's wrong?" Anna shook widely has they pointed to the royal-looking man. The entire room started at them and he, a plump-short man with a curly white-hair wig, began to wipe the sweat off of their brown with a white rag, accidentally bumping their wig down is face in the process, something Anna would've normally laughed at. "Do you know what their sons have done to Arendelle? Especially Hans!" The room fell quiet as the doctor seemed to stop in theirs tracks.
The plump, royal-looking man seemed to calm down now, as if they didn't feel threatened anymore and put their white sweat rag away after one more swipe of their forehead. Anna gained composure and stopped them shaking. They made a frown similar to the one they made towards Hans when they closed the door on them "You're their father, aren't you? After all you are wearing the stupid and ugly badge of the equally stupid and ugly southern isles!"
"Anna!" The doctor tried calming them but it was no use as they yelled out, "I bet it isn't even as pretty as they sound!" Anna looked up at them once more, expecting to see anger in their eyes. They were shocked to see the opposite. There were tears trickling down their red cheeks. The man from southern isles wasn't angry at all. They felt pity for the broken redhead that lie on the cold hard floor in front of him.
"Don't speak to the King that way young lady!" One of the women called out, furious at Anna for them outburst. "We were just married! They have no sons, unless there's something I don't know about…" The king's eyes widened as Anna seemed to raise an eyebrow, as if they were accusing them of lying without even having to say anything. "She's fine," the king of the Southern Isles said loudly. There was a rasp in their throat due to their sudden loss of composure. Anna thought it was strange to see a King cry. They never even saw their own father cry, let alone the king of another country.
"I'm sorry, I… I have to leave." The King then left the room as quickly as they could, never looking back as tears now took the place of sweat, making them get their white handkerchief out once more. Anna wiped the tears off their face, grabbing hold of the doctor once more. They slowly got up, staring down the door that the man from southern isles just stormed out of. They were speechless, because instead of getting an "Elsa's been captured," or "You'll be dying soon!" They got something more unexpected and scary: They got nothing but pity from the king of the Southern Isles.
Anna slowly sat down on the straw-filled bed they had been sleeping on and looked up at the doctor. The doctor looked back at Anna, with a quivering lip. The room was so quiet that you could hear a feather drop. That's when Anna finally asked, "So Doctor, where am I?" The doctor gulped and finally answered, "The Southern Isles."
This is the mail archive of the gcc-patches@gcc.gnu.org mailing list for the GCC project.
New Port for RISC-V
From: Palmer Dabbelt <palmer at dabbelt dot com>
To: gcc-patches at gcc dot gnu dot org
Cc: Andrew Waterman <andrew at sifive dot com>
Cc: kito dot cheng at gmail dot com
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2017 18:30:32 -0800
Subject: New Port for RISC-V
Authentication-results: sourceware.org; auth=none
We'd like to submit for inclusion in GCC a port for the RISC-V architecture. The port suffices to build a substantial body of software (including Linux and some 2,000 Fedora packages) and passes most of the gcc and g++ test suites; so, while it is doubtlessly not complete, we think it is far enough along to start the upstreaming process. It is our understanding that it is OK to submit this port during stage 3 because it does not touch any shared code. Our binutils port has already been accepted for the 2.28 release, and we plan on submitting glibc and Linux patch sets soon. This port targets Version 2.0 of the RV32I and RV64I base user ISAs, and the five standard extensions M, A, F, D, and C, all of which are frozen and will not change over time. The RISC-V community and the 50-some member companies of the RISC-V Foundation are quite eager to have a single, standard GCC port. We thank you in advance for your help in this process and for your feedback on the software contribution itself. These patches build on top of cac3398e5f378549d84bc2ebb6af97cfd0189b25, the latest commit in the GCC git mirror as of last night. Andrew and I will volunteer to maintain this port if it's OK with everyone. Our understanding is that the GCC steering committee decides this, and this is the correct place to contact them. We'd like to thank the various members of the RISC-V software community who have helped us with the port. Specifically we'd like to thank Kito Cheng for their work getting the GCC test suite running (and running correctly). Thanks! [PATCH 1/6] RISC-V Port: gcc/config/riscv/riscv.c [PATCH 2/6] RISC-V Port: gcc [PATCH 3/6] RISC-V Port: libgcc [PATCH 4/6] RISC-V Port: libsanitizer [PATCH 5/6] RISC-V Port: libatomic [PATCH 6/6] RISC-V Port: gcc/testsuite
The front of your credit has a lot of numbers. Here is an example of what they might mean.
­ The ­stripe on the back of a credit card is a magnetic stripe, often called a magstripe. The magstripe is made up of tiny iron-based magnetic particles in a plastic-like film. Each particle is really a very tiny bar magnet about 20 millionths of an inch long.
" " Your card also has a magstripe on the back and a place for your all-important signature.
­The magstripe can be "written" because the tiny bar magnets can be magnetized in either a north or south pole direction. The magstripe on the back of the card is very similar to a piece of cassette tape fastened to the back of a card. (See How Tape Recorders Work.)
Instead of motors moving the tape so it can be read, your hand provides the motion as you "swipe" a credit card through a reader or insert it in a reader at the gas station pump.
On the next page, see how information is stored in the mag stripe and read by different types of machines.
"Melee is not a child of the arcade scene, it's built on trust. We didn't have arcades or laundromats with cabinets. We invited players to our dorms and basements, just hoping to get some games in and learn."
Wynton 'prog' Smith, commentator and Melee Is On Me panelist
(Wynton "prog" Smith and D'Ron "D1" Maingrette, Smash's premier commentary duo and faces of the community)
(Wynton "prog" Smith and D'Ron "D1" Maingrette, Smash's premier commentary duo and faces of the community)
The release of Brawl in 2008 saw Melee tournament attendance dwindle as players transitioned to the game's successor. Although the scene would keep breaking attendance records, the frequency of big tournaments decreased dramatically until 2013 saw a resurgence. The year started off well, with 336 entrants at Apex 2013. More impactful was January the 8th's announcement of the Evo 2013 donation drive, a fundraiser for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation in which the highest-donating community would have their game featured at that year's tournament.
Super Smash Bros. is a well-known brand. Gaming aficionados of all age groups are likely to have played at least one installment of the Nintendo all-star fighting games series, which has been around since the original Super Smash Bros 64 in 1999. Those born in the early to mid ‘90s were of the Super Smash Bros. Melee (or simply 'Melee') generation. Masahiro Sakurai, creator of the series, never intended any of the games to be played competitively. Despite that, every installment thus far has had an enthusiastic competitive following. 64, Melee and Brawl have traditionally formed a bigger 'Smash' community, with competitors regularly playing and tournaments often featuring more than one game.While most people simply played it as the party game it was intended to be, some took the game a step further. Like with every multiplayer game, there is always one person in a group of friends who excels at it, even going so far as to practice it at home. Melee was by no means an exception and, as the saying goes, birds of a feather flock together. As the more casual Melee players moved on to other games, others would continue to delve deeper into the game they had grown to love. Crucially, and unlike most traditional fighting games, Melee was console-based and the scene had to facilitate its own growth rather than having an arcade hall infrastructure laid out for it.The scene steadily grew, and tournaments started to take place not just in people's basements but also in bigger venues. By 2004, the game would see tournaments with over a hundred participants. The scene made a breakthrough when it became part of 2004's Major League Gaming lineup, getting its first professional competitive exposure and confirming the game's potential as an eSport. It would remain part of MLG until 2006, its playoffs featuring the biggest tournament the scene had seen yet with 208 attendants in total. 2007 saw the game dropped from the official lineup. Instead, the eSports league sponsored a series of highly successful underground tournaments, three of which boasted over 200 entrants. The same year, the game was picked up by the Evolution Championship Series (Evo), an established and professional fighting game tournament series. Evo 2008 saw the game dropped, however, and it would take Melee six years to make its return.
The Smash community rallied, and 64, Melee and Brawl players from all over the world pitched in to give the Melee community the opportunity to once more demonstrate its resolution and worth. Melee won the drive with a staggering USD$94,683, and secured its spot on the grand stage. In the months leading up to the big event, Smash 4 was announced, sparking renewed global interest in the franchise and further brightening the spotlight that now shone on Melee. Evo 2013 had impressive numbers: 696 players entered the event, and 135,000 viewers tuned in on Twitch to watch the spectacle live, setting a new fighting games viewership record until it was broken several hours later by Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
(Apex series is an annual fighting game major with its roots in Super Smash Bros. Brawl)
(Apex series is an annual fighting game major with its roots in Super Smash Bros. Brawl)
The game and its community had its handicaps in keeping up with the times. Console games lack the accessibility to sponsor endorsements PC games have. Moreover, the absence of an official scene made it comparatively difficult for the community to gain exposure and aggrandize its playerbase. Its members were relatively old and the GameCube game didn't innately facilitate online play. Although there had always been forums for gameplay and community discussions, this interaction had mostly been stuffed away in the maze that was
Smashboards experienced a series of DDoS attacks between August and September 2013, forcing the scene to rely on their social media infrastructure. The combination of Evo, The Smash Brothers​ and the Smashboards downtime stirred the beginnings of a new era for Smash. In the wake of these events, the existing foundation of streaming brands, podcasts, community personalities and social media exploded and the game found its place in the eSports network. October of the same year had a different sort of breakthrough: the release of the universally praised The Smash Brothers , a feature-length documentary by Travis ''Samox'' Beauchamp narrating the history and development of the Melee scene. Spanning more than four hours over nine episodes and boasting impressive production values, The Smash Brothers was arguably the most comprehensive eSports content ever to be released. It was more than just a recounting of what had happened over the course of time: it also intricately chronicled the personalities of the game's most respected players and their way to the top. The documentary quickly went viral and demonstrated the longevity and passion of a scene that had managed not only to stay alive but even flourish once more after a 12 year run.The game and its community had its handicaps in keeping up with the times. Console games lack the accessibility to sponsor endorsements PC games have. Moreover, the absence of an official scene made it comparatively difficult for the community to gain exposure and aggrandize its playerbase. Its members were relatively old and the GameCube game didn't innately facilitate online play. Although there had always been forums for gameplay and community discussions, this interaction had mostly been stuffed away in the maze that was Smashboards , the central hub for everything Smash-related.Smashboards experienced a series of DDoS attacks between August and September 2013, forcing the scene to rely on their social media infrastructure. The combination of Evo, The Smash Brothers​ and the Smashboards downtime stirred the beginnings of a new era for Smash. In the wake of these events, the existing foundation of streaming brands, podcasts, community personalities and social media exploded and the game found its place in the eSports network.
(Eric "Esam" Lew is one of several players to successfully compete in both Melee and Brawl)
(Eric "Esam" Lew is one of several players to successfully compete in both Melee and Brawl)
So what is it that makes the Smash scene so alluring? How is this game still going strong after so many years despite all the barriers it had to face? One reason for its longevity, typical though it may sound, is the uniqueness of the game itself. The game has so many untraditional mechanics that even the fighting game community has the tendency to wonder whether it actually belongs to the genre at all. Dynamic and interactive blocking mechanics, unprecedented smoothness and importance of ground-air transitioning, the multiple variations of an exclusive feature called 'directional influence', a unique win condition, the fluid, liberal and innumerable movement options - the list goes on. The beginning of 2014 showed how the community's combined efforts paid off. Apex 2014 kickstarted the year by pulling no less than 630 Melee participants. In March, Nintendo America finally gave the scene their blessing after actively hindering the growth of competitive Smash for years. This allowed Evo to once again feature the game in its lineup. MLG followed suit and announced the game's inclusion in their Anaheim event, collaborating with Community Effort Orlando Gaming (CEO), another major-sponsor fighting game event. Last week saw another big development as old school players KoreanDJ and Ken were picked up Team Liquid. This is the first time the organization showed interest in the fighting game community, following in the footsteps of Evil Geniuses, who already sponsored several traditional fighting game players.So what is it that makes the Smash scene so alluring? How is this game still going strong after so many years despite all the barriers it had to face? One reason for its longevity, typical though it may sound, is the uniqueness of the game itself. The game has so many untraditional mechanics that even the fighting game community has the tendency to wonder whether it actually belongs to the genre at all. Dynamic and interactive blocking mechanics, unprecedented smoothness and importance of ground-air transitioning, the multiple variations of an exclusive feature called 'directional influence', a unique win condition, the fluid, liberal and innumerable movement options - the list goes on.
(Swedish William "Leffen" Hjelte taking a game off American favorite Joseph "Mango" Marquez - Smash tournaments routinely boast participants from all over the globe) (Swedish William "Leffen" Hjelte taking a game off American favorite Joseph "Mango" Marquez - Smash tournaments routinely boast participants from all over the globe)
It's beyond the scope of this article to enumerate what exactly separates Smash from other games, and I'm quite sure that even the most well-phrased Smash enthusiast would have difficulties with wrapping it up in anything less than a book. The mechanical depth of Melee in particular is uncanny, and even after all these years new techniques are being discovered that affect the way the game is being played.
Other than the game itself, the particular way in which the scene developed made for one that didn't leave much room for profit, fame or unmotivated involvement. The community has traditionally had to be creative and fight to keep itself going, inevitably bonding through its efforts. It grew like a big family, and local scenes were dependent on each other to keep themselves alive. The lack of sponsors and Nintendo's endorsement meant that the scene had to allocate time and money to support itself, and investments like that further strengthened the resilience of a community that was already driven by nothing but pure passion.
"You want me to wrap up Smash as a whole, the whole thing? It means so much to me, and I really do think it was important, but you're asking me why? Well... it was a chance for us to be somebody. It was a chance for all of us to be somebody, and that was a big deal."
Chris "Wife" Fabiszak in The Smash Brothers
Where will Smash take us next? Community leaders continue to hint at major developments. I for one am looking forward to seeing what this year has in store for Smash, a wonderful epic that likely won't see its last page turned for another few years yet.
I would like to thank Apex tournament series,
Pictures by The upcoming 2014 summer of Smash has propelled the community's web presence and instigated interest and support from eSports organizations and communities all over the world. The Smash community has finally achieved the recognition it has been aspiring to for more than a decade. With Smash 4 lurking just around the corner, competitive Smash is bound to garner even more attention as the year progresses. Notably, the game is being co-developed by Bandai Namco. The previous games, as mentioned previously, were never meant to be played competitively, and are jokingly referred to as "the greatest flukes of video game design history". It's still uncertain what kind of gameplay Bandai Namco's involvement will result it, but expectations are that, this time around, its competitive potential will be intended.Where will Smash take us next? Community leaders continue to hint at major developments. I for one am looking forward to seeing what this year has in store for Smash, a wonderful epic that likely won't see its last page turned for another few years yet.I would like to thank Melee Is On Me Avalon tournament series and Shoryuken.com for their contributions to this article.Pictures by Robert Paul , courtesy of Apex tournament series.
Share this article:
If you're thinking about expanding your flock or getting into backyard chickens for the first time, you will need to decide on what breed of chicken you desire. The easiest way to answer this question is to ask yourself why you want the chickens. Do you want them because you are interested in becoming more self-sufficient? Is a colorful flock or different colored eggs important to you? Is there a desire to help preserve a declining heritage breed, or……….is it simply the opportunity to get fresh daily eggs? For me, ……..it's ALL ABOUT THE EGG and there's no better egg producing hen than a sex-link chicken.
Now….before all you heritage breed enthusiasts send me out to the firing squad, let me say that I do applaud your desire to preserve some of these declining breeds. I think that's great! Everyone should be passionate about something. It's just that the Heritage breed “passion” is not for me. I simply want enough eggs on a daily basis for my family to eat and I find that my 3 sex-link chickens meet my expectations. We all know that the Heritage breeds lay less and generally take a break or slow down in the winter, but sex-links consistently lay way more eggs and continue throughout the entire year. For me, it's kinda like the 1972 Oldsmobile that my father drove with its 455 V8 engine which sucked gas like there was no tomorrow. Fast track 40 years later and we've developed more fuel-efficient and environmentally friendly vehicles. Sure, it's nice to see those old cars on the road from time to time, but I'm glad that the auto industry has made more fuel-efficient cars for us to drive today.
Now, sex-links aren't a breed. In fact, they are a hybrid that has been crossed between 2 layer breeds. They may be called ISA Browns, Red Sex-Links, Shaver Browns, Cinnamon Queens, Golden Comets or Red Stars depending on the specific breeds that were used in crossing. They are all referred to as sex-links because each gender hatches out in a different color, making it very easy to determine the “boys” from the “girls”. This is a great attribute which rules out the possibility of getting a bunch of soon-to-be roosters when buying some straight-run chicks from the local hatchery. But best of all, these hens generally become EGG LAYING MACHINES at around 18-22 weeks of age! I'm not talking about 250 eggs per year like many heritage breed hens. My 3 hens each consistently laid one egg almost every single day in their first year of production. I know for a fact that I collected over 350 eggs that year from each of my hens. It didn't matter if it was 80 degrees in August or frigid temps in January or February……3 eggs almost every day! (I do supply additional light in the Winter.) And I'm not taking about large eggs…these eggs are ginormous! I've weighed some of these eggs and a few have come in at a quarter pound! The only downside is that the eggs are soooooooo darn big that they can't properly fit into the egg carton! Well……at least for 2 of my hens. If you've “followed” me before, you may remember that I do complain about the Ping-Pong size egg that Swifer lays most days.
Anyways, I've had these chickens for almost 2 years now and they still continue to provide us with at least 18 eggs/wk. They've all gone through a molt and it never really interrupted egg production for 2 of my hens. There were some “bumps” in the road during the molt like a few “softies”, but no major drop in egg production that had us running out to the grocery store to buy those “other ones”. As for temperament, these hens are pretty laid back as well. Dominance has never really been an issue. I can't say I ‘ve ever seen any displays of aggression except when I introduced Rosie to the flock and Swifer gave them a good beatin' for a few weeks. But overall, they generally get along well….even when they're subjected to tight quarters like a 3 hour trip to the cottage. There also doesn't seem to be much that throws them off their egg laying schedule. Usually the first snow fall of the season might set one of them back for a day, but other “disruptions” like a trip to the cottage doesn't seem to throw them off their game. As for noise, they're generally pretty quite. The egg song has been an issue occasionally, and they do squawk a bit in the warmer months when they want out of the run, but by no means would I say that the level was invasive to a neighbor. With regards to becoming broody, this has also never been an issue.
I can't say enough good things about these ISA Brown Hens that I've had for the last 2 years. Did I just get lucky? Maybe, but I don't think so because I have encouraged others to give these chickens a try and they always come back saying what great layers their new hens have become.
So………if you're thinking about adding to the flock this Spring or just jumping in to backyard chickens for the first time, than I urge you to consider giving these chickens a try. What they may lack in appearance (Don't worry girls, I think you're all gorgeous!) they sure make up for in temperament and egg production.
If you'd like to read more on this topic, CLICK HERE for my page on Hybrid vs Heritage Breed Chickens.
Advertisements
CNN attempts to spin a narrative, FEMA Director refuses to engage. FEMA Director Brock Long explains how the Mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico, Carmen Yulin-Cruz has intentionally disconnected themselves from the unified chain-of-command for Hurricane Maria relief efforts in favor of playing politics.
Additionally and incredibly, Mayor Yulin Cruz has never even visited the San Juan Headquarters where FEMA, Dept. of Homeland Security, Dept of Defense, National Guard, Army Corps of Engineers and PR state governors office are communicating, prioritizing and responding to the urgent needs of municipal leaders and the citizens of Puerto Rico.
Ridiculously, Mayor Yulin Cruz chooses to remain a few blocks away talking politics to media cameras instead of engaging with local, state and federal officials on recovery efforts. FUBAR.
Notice at 09:00 where Director Long specifically discusses the need for disaster response action from the local community, and how citizens should participate instead of remaining dependent on federal government. Quickly CNN's Fredricka Whitfield jumps in to cut them off so that CNN producers can continue selling their narrative. WATCH:
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! pic.twitter.com/1ltW2t3rwy — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
Advertisements
[Lightning-dev] Thoughts on JoinChannels, benefits for LN using Schnorr sig ?
Hi, I am throwing out a thought about multi-party channels (a payment channels that involve > 2 participants). I'm going to call them JoinChannels (I haven't found anything in the literature regarding these objects). I see significant benefits of JoinChannels over 2-2 payment channels for Lightning Network : - JoinChannels take less blockchain space : for example 3 parties linked together with 2-2 channels require 3 channels, that is to say 3 multisig(2/2) transactions on the blockchain to open, while a JoinChannel only takes 1 multisig(3/3). The space efficiency really kicks in with Schnorr sigs and the signature time is only 2 rounds (independent of the number of participants !). - JoinChannels enable bigger transfers of value threw LN (higher connectivy) : if Alice wants to transfer X to Bob threw LN, all of the intermediate 2-2channels (of the path found) need to all have at least X locked in the right direction. With JoinChannels, an intermediate LN node is more efficient because instead of spreading their funds in multiple 2-2 channels, they can put the sum of their funds in a JoinChannels and the threshold condition of a transfer to occur is consequently higher. I have a little example below. The downside, is that all the participants of a JoinChannel need to be online in order to participate in a LN transfer (which may become a problem if the payment needs to through multiple JoinChannels that contain hundreds or thousands of participants). Cheers, Jerome --- This little example shows that JoinChannels enable bigger transfers of value threw LN. In this configuration, Sender can't send "2" to Receiver because B doesn't have enough funds in AB channel. Receiver |1 | |2 ?? A1-------0B 1->2\ /1->2 ?? \ / 1->0\ /1->0 C |1->3 | |2->0 Sender If (A,B,C) had performed a (3/3) JoinChannel : Sender could have sent "2" to Receiver for a same value of funds locked in the previous example Receiver |1->3 | |2->0 A B 1->3\\\\////1->1 \\\/// \\// \/2->0 C |1->3 | |2->0 Sender -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <http://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/attachments/20160307/16727742/attachment.html>
After two years running Last.fm within CBS we feel the time is right to begin the process of handing over the reins. This is the latest stage in a long journey for us founders, which began in a living room in East London in 2002, and took us to the headquarters of one of the biggest media companies in the world.
It's been a privilege working with the incredible team here in our London office, and we're extremely proud of what we've achieved together. Last.fm's users have more than doubled in the last 12 months (we are now at an all-time high of 37.3M monthly unique visitors), and we're confident the site will continue to go from strength to strength. Being a part of CBS, and the recently formed CBSi music group, continues to open up many opportunities for Last.fm. Recent product releases such as the new visual radio, and the Last.fm on XBox announcement, are an indication of how much more Last.fm will achieve.
A huge “Thank You!” has to be said to all of you in front of your computers. With your contribution, enthusiasm and scrobbles you have helped to make Last.fm into what it is today: the best place for music online. Big up yourself for that, as we say here in East London.
That's all folks, we are going to miss you!
Felix, RJ and Martin
The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is moving ahead with IBM in the third leg of its Synapse cat brain chip. That leaves one more leg, a tail, and nine lives to go.
Because this is the military, the third leg of the Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics (Synapse) project at DARPA is called phase 2, and IBM's techies have already completed phases 0 and 1. The initial phase of the project simulated the cortex of a cat brain on an IBM BlueGene massively parallel supercomputer with 147,456 cores and 144TB of memory and developing the basic synaptic circuits for the brain chip.
IBM Research's Dharmendra Modha
Phase one, which brought in $16.1m in funding spread across IBM and researchers at Stanford University, the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Cornell University, Columbia University Medical Center, and the University of California-Merced, focused on simulating and building prototype brain chips that have electronic synapses and memory circuits instead of simulating them using sequentially processing von Neumann-style processors like the ones on our desktops and in the data centers of the world.
IBM is unveiling the fruits of the phase 1 work today and the fact that its cognitive computer dream team, headed up by Dharmendra Modha, the Synapse project leader at IBM Research, as well as announcing that DARPA has allocated another $21m in funding to begin the phase 2 work.
Like most DARPA projects, Synapse has some impressive goals and ones that may not pan out. There is a lot of talk about "dawn of a new paradigm" and "dawn of a new age" as researchers try to create brain-like systems. The problem, according to DARPA, is that von Neumann machines, while great for playing Angry Birds and wasting time at work, are less efficient than biological computers – the ripply, fat-encrusted gray stuff between your ears – by between a factor of 1 million to 1 billion. It takes an increasingly complex von Neumann machine to handle increasingly complex data streaming in from the environment:
von Neumann chips don't scale with data
The IBM team is working for DARPA to create a chip that is designed to chew on streams telemetry and rewire itself, much as your brain does as it learns, as it learns about the world from that telemetry.
"This is a major initiative to move beyond the von Neumann paradigm that has been ruling computer architecture for more than half a century," said Modha in a statement. "Future applications of computing will increasingly demand functionality that is not efficiently delivered by the traditional architecture. These chips are another significant step in the evolution of computers from calculators to learning systems, signaling the beginning of a new generation of computers and their applications in business, science and government."
IBM's Synapse chip
IBM is not using wetware biological components to make its neurosynaptic chips, but rather plain old 45 nanometers CMOS with silicon-on-oxide doping, exactly the same process that IBM is using to etch its Power7 processors. The neurosynaptic cores replicating the function of synapses, neurons, and axons in the brain to provide memory, computation, and communication. IBM has created two prototype neurosynaptic chips thus far, which have 256 simulated neurons. One design has 262,144 programmable synapses and the other has 65,536 learning synapses.
IBM has already put these relatively small-brained chips through the paces performing navigation, machine vision, pattern recognition, associative memory, and other tasks. The long-term goal of the Synapse project is to create a system based on the neurosynaptic chips that has 10 billion electronic neurons and 100 trillion synapses, all packed up in a two-liter volume and burning only one kilowatt.
The Project Synapse roadmaps (click to enlarge)
At this point, we humans can tell the Internet to go read and write itself and get back to goofing off. Or, we'll be working the gas chambers for Skynet.
In phase 3 of the Synapse project, IBM plans to cook up a chip with 10 million neurons and work on simulation and design of a fake brain with 100 million neurons using a multi-chip. In phase 4 of the project, IBM Research's team hopes to build a robot using this multi-chip fake brain and do the emulation and simulation of a fake brain with around 10 billion neurons, what IBM and DARPA call a "human level design". ®
Pictured above is our top pick of artists and writers whose works will, on 1st January 2018, enter the public domain in many countries around the world. Of the eleven featured, seven will be entering the public domain in countries with a “life plus 70 years” copyright term (e.g. most European Union members, Brazil, Israel, Nigeria, Russia, Turkey, etc.) and four in countries with a “life plus 50 years” copyright term (e.g. Canada, New Zealand, and many countries in Asia and Africa) — those that died in the year 1947 and 1967 respectively. As always it's a miscellaneous medley assembled for our graduation photo, including one of the chief figures of the Surrealist movement, Gertrude Stein's lover, the other Winston Churchill, a war poet, and a mystic, magician, and mountaineer once denounced as the “the wickedest man in the world”.
Below is a little bit more about each of their lives (with each name linking through to their respective Wikipedia pages, from which each text has been based).
Aleister Crowley
(1875–1947)
Aleister Crowley was an English occultist, ceremonial magician, poet, painter, novelist, and mountaineer. They founded the religion of Thelema, identifying themselves as the prophet entrusted with guiding humanity into the Æon of Horus in the early 20th century. After attending the University of Cambridge (where some biographers allege they were recruited as a British spy), in 1898 they joined the esoteric Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, where they were trained in ceremonial magic by Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers and Allan Bennett. Moving to Boleskine House by Loch Ness in Scotland, they went mountaineering in Mexico with Oscar Eckenstein, before studying Hindu and Buddhist practices in India. In 1904, while on their honeymoon in Cairo, Crowley claimed to have been contacted by a supernatural entity named Aiwass, who provided them with The Book of the Law, a sacred text that served as the basis for Thelema. Crowley gained widespread notoriety during their lifetime, being a recreational drug experimenter, bisexual and an individualist social critic. They were denounced in the popular press as “the wickedest man in the world” and a Satanist. Crowley has remained a highly influential figure over Western esotericism and the counter-culture, and continues to be considered a prophet in Thelema.
René Magritte
(1898–1967)
René François Ghislain Magritte was a Belgian surrealist artist. They became well known for creating a number of witty and thought-provoking images which often depicted ordinary objects in an unusual context, and so challenging the observers' preconditioned perceptions of reality. Their work was hugely influential, especially in pop, minimalist and conceptual art. Magritte described their paintings as “visible images which conceal nothing; they evoke mystery and, indeed, when one sees one of my pictures, one asks oneself this simple question, ‘What does that mean?'. It does not mean anything, because mystery means nothing either, it is unknowable.”
Siegfried Sassoon
(1886–1967)
Siegfried Loraine Sassoon was an English poet, writer, and soldier. Decorated for bravery on the Western Front, they became one of the leading poets of the First World War. Their poetry both described the horrors of the trenches, and satirised the patriotic pretensions of those who, in Sassoon's view, were responsible for a jingoism-fuelled war. Sassoon became a focal point for dissent within the armed forces when they made a lone protest against the continuation of the war in their “Soldier's Declaration” of 1917, culminating in their admission to a military psychiatric hospital; this resulted in theirs forming a friendship with Wilfred Owen, who was greatly influenced by him. Sassoon later won acclaim for their prose work, notably their three-volume fictionalised autobiography, collectively known as the “Sherston trilogy”.
Alice B. Toklas
(1877–1967)
Alice Babette Toklas was an American-born member of the Parisian avant-garde of the early 20th century, and the life partner of American writer Gertrude Stein. Toklas met Stein in Paris on September 8, 1907, the day they arrived there from San Francisco after the devastating 1906 San Francisco earthquake. Together they hosted a salon in the home they shared that attracted expatriate American writers, such as Ernest Hemingway, Paul Bowles, Thornton Wilder, and Sherwood Anderson; and avant-garde painters, including Picasso, Matisse, and Braque. Acting as Stein's confidante, lover, cook, secretary, muse, editor, critic, and general organizer, Toklas remained a background figure, chiefly living in the shadow of Stein, until the publication by Stein of Toklas' “memoirs” in 1933 under the teasing title The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas, which went on to become Stein's best-selling book. In 1954 Toklas published a book of their own, The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook, which mixed reminiscences and recipes. The most famous recipe, contributed by their friend Brion Gysin, is for “Haschich Fudge”, a mixture of fruit, nuts, spices, and “canibus sativa” [sic] or marijuana. Them name was later lent to the range of cannabis concoctions called “Alice B. Toklas brownies” (despite the fact that the “Haschich Fudge” recipe did not originate with Toklas, nor is there any record that they ever made it herself). In 1963 Toklas published their autobiography What Is Remembered, which ends abruptly with the death of Stein.
Pierre Bonnard
(1867–1947)
Pierre Bonnard was a French painter and printmaker, as well as a founding member of the Post-Impressionist group of avant-garde painters Les Nabis. Bonnard preferred to work from memory, using drawings as a reference, and their paintings are often characterized by a dreamlike quality. The intimate domestic scenes, for which they are perhaps best known, often include their wife Marthe de Meligny. Bonnard has been described as “the most thoroughly idiosyncratic of all the great twentieth-century painters”, and the unusual vantage points of their compositions rely less on traditional modes of pictorial structure than voluptuous color, poetic allusions and visual wit. Identified as a late practitioner of Impressionism in the early 20th century, Bonnard has since been recognized for their unique use of color and their complex imagery. “It's not just the colors that radiate in a Bonnard”, writes Roberta Smith, “there's also the heat of mixed emotions, rubbed into smoothness, shrouded in chromatic veils and intensified by unexpected spatial conundrums and by elusive, uneasy figures.”
Winston Churchill
(1871–1947)
Winston Churchill was an American best-selling novelist of the early 20th century.  They are nowadays overshadowed, even as a writer, by a certain cigar-toting British statesman of the same name, with whom they were acquainted, but not related. Their lives had some interesting parallels. They both gained their tertiary education at service colleges and briefly served (during the same period) as officers in their respective countries' armed forces (one was a naval, the other an army officer). Both Churchills were keen amateur painters, and writers. Both were also politicians; although here the comparison is far more tenuous: the British Churchill's political career being far more illustrious.
M. P. Shiel
(1865–1947)
Matthew Phipps Shiell – known as M. P. Shiel – was a prolific British writer of West Indian descent. Their legal surname remained “Shiell” though they adopted the shorter version as a de facto pen name.  They are remembered mostly for supernatural horror and scientific romances, and their work was published as serials, novels, and as short stories. The Purple Cloud (1901) remains their most famous and often reprinted novel. H. G. Wells lauded the novel as “brilliant” and H. P. Lovecraft later praised it as exemplary weird fiction, “delivered with a skill and artistry falling little short of actual majesty.”
Jean Toomer
(1894–1967)
Jean Toomer was an African American poet and novelist commonly associated with the Harlem Renaissance (though they actively resisted the association) and modernism. Their first book Cane, published in 1923, is considered by many to be their most significant. They continued to write poetry, short stories and essays. After their second marriage in 1934, they moved from New York to Doylestown, Pennsylvania, where they became a member of the Religious Society of Friends (also known as Quakers) and retired from public life. Their papers are held by the Beinecke Rare Book Library at Yale University.
P. D. Ouspensky
(1878–1947)
Pyotr Demianovich Ouspenskii (known in English as Peter D. Ouspensky), was a Russian mathematician and esotericist known for their expositions of the early work of the Greek-Armenian teacher of esoteric doctrine George Gurdjieff, whom they met in Moscow in 1915. They shared the (Gurdjieff) “system” for 25 years in England and the United States, having separated from Gurdjieff in 1924 personally, for reasons they explain in the last chapter of their book In Search of the Miraculous, which recounts what they learned from Gurdjieff during those years. Some, including their close pupil Rodney Collin, say that they finally gave up the system in 1947, just before their death, but their own recorded words on the subject (“A Record of Meetings”, published posthumously) do not clearly endorse this judgement, nor does Ouspensky's emphasis on “you must make a new beginning” after confessing “I've left the system”.
Anna Wickham
(1883–1947)
Anna Wickham was the pseudonym of Edith Alice Mary Harper, a British poet with strong Australian connections.  They are remembered as a modernist figure and feminist writer, though one who did not command sustained critical attention in their lifetime. Them reputation has improved since their death and they are now regarded as an important early 20th-century writer. During the 1930s they were well known in literary London, and wrote a great deal of poetry (much of which was later lost in war damage); but found it harder to get published. They did have support from the somewhat louche quarter of John Gawsworth, who put out a Richards Press collection of their work in 1936. An extended autobiographical essay Prelude to a Spring Clean dates from 1935, the year in which they supported the just-married Dylan Thomas and Caitlin, and then quarrelled with them. They committed suicide during the winter of 1947.
Hans Fallada
(1893–1947)
Hans Fallada (born Rudolf Wilhelm Friedrich Ditzen) was a German writer whose better known novels include Little Man, What Now? (1932) and Every Man Dies Alone (1947). The latter — based on the true story of a German couple, Otto and Elise Hampel, who were executed for producing and distributing anti-Nazi material in Berlin during the war — was completed just before their death from a weakened heart after years of addiction to morphine, alcohol and other drugs. It was published by Penguin in 2010 under the title Alone in Berlin.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The world's most prolific striker who hit the net more times than Pele has finally bagged the 2000th and 2001st goals of their career.
Dead-eyed Mark Rapsey landed the milestone by calmly slotting home a penalty at the weekend for Wadebridge Town Veterans.
Rapsey sent former teammate and ex-Brentford stopper Dave McGhee the wrong way from the spot in the first period for goal 2000, before bagging No.2001 in the second period, with a deft chip during a 7-0 win over Lanreath.
“It felt a bit surreal,” Rapsey explained. “It would have been nice if it was the second goal. The penalty was good, but the second goal was better.
(Image: Cornish Soccer / SWNS)
(Image: Cornish Soccer/SWNS)
(Image: Cornish Soccer / SWNS)
(Image: SWNS.com)
"I've probably missed around four seasons in total through injury over the years, so I'm delighted to have finally reached 2,000.
"I haven't played since October 2, so it was starting to prey on my mind a bit and it was total relief when I scored."
The 49-year-old - who is believed to be the first to hit the target - has been playing senior men's football since the age of 13.
Rapsey began their men's career with Malabar in 1981. They have spent 36 years in the non-league and amateur scene, including FOUR spells with Falmouth for whom they scored 144 goals in four seasons during the early 90s, including a strike against Minehead during an FA Cup tie in 1991.
They also featured for Newquay, Wadebridge Town and had a short stint with Exeter City, before suffering injury.
(Image: Cornish Soccer / SWNS)
'Rappo' has so far made 1380 career appearances - just 17 more than Brazilian superstar Pele.
And while the Selecao icon can point to their three World Cup triumphs, Rapsey looks back on their lengthy career, and a better goal per game ratio than Gerd Muller, with fondness.
(Image: Cornish Soccer / SWNS)
“I've had some brilliant times. I've met some great friend, I feel blessed and I loved every minute of it.”
Their son Jack now plays for Cornwall's Under-18 side and Rapsey may soon have more time to watch him, with plans to retire at the end of the season.
"I'll be 50 in April and Wadebridge only have four games left, so I'll finish the season then probably just play a few charity matches."
Only two days after its Alphabet announcement, Google has inked a deal with healthcare firm Dexcom to build miniature blood glucose monitoring devices for diabetics.
The company plans to design and manufacture Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) wearables the size of a dime. To do so, it's teaming up with Google's Life Sciences division, which is now being spun off as a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet.
In exchange for Google's miniaturization know-how, Dexcom will make an initial upfront payment of $35 million in its common stock, R&D milestone payments up to $65 million in DexCom's choice of cash or stock, and revenue-based royalties between 5 and 9 percent once the products are launched and have achieved a certain level of revenue.
Andrew Conrad, head of the Life Sciences team at Google, said:
We're committed to developing new technologies that will help move health care from reactive to proactive. This collaboration is another step towards expanding monitoring options and making it easier for people with diabetes to proactively manage their health.
This project sounds like it might be right up Conrad's alley. Life Sciences is also working on a way to detect diseases early with the use of smart nanoparticles that will move through a patient's bloodstream and identify signs of nascent health problems.
➤ DexCom To Collaborate With The Life Sciences Team At Google On The Development Of Breakthrough Technologies To Change The Future Of Diabetes Management [PR Newswire via The Motley Fool]
Read next: Google is reorganizing under a new umbrella company called Alphabet
Read next: Drupe for Android is now a dialer for calls, texts and everything in between
Facebook has been fighting tooth and nail to continue running Free Basics in India, where the country's regulatory authorities are mulling policies concerning net neutrality and differential pricing for data services.
The social network has been campaigning to garner support for its zero-rating service that allows people access to certain sites. It also has been attempting to convince the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) that Free Basics should be allowed in the country — but the agency isn't impressed with the company's tactics.
In a letter to Facebook from TRAI released on Monday (PDF), the regulator called out the company for misleading users with its Save Free Basics campaign, which was launched shortly after the regulator ordered the service to be temporarily blocked last month.
TRAI explained that the automated responses it collected from users didn't answer the questions set out in the agency's consultation paper on differential pricing. The letter reads:
It is crucial to underline that your continued assertion that the initial template responses sent by users through Facebook in support of ‘digital equality' and ‘Free Basics,' are appropriate responses to the consultation paper, is wholly misplaced.
The regulator clearly wasn't happy about the manner in which Facebook attempted to rally users to support its service.
Your urging has the flavour of reducing this meaningful consultative exercise designed to produce informed decisions in a transparent manner into a crudely majoritarian and orchestrated opinion poll. …of concern is your your self-appointed spokespersonship on behalf of those who have sent responses to TRAI using your platform. It is noticed that you have not been authorized by your users to speak on behalf of them collectively. No disclosure in the act of sending a message to TRAI using your platform to this effect has been issued to users.
According to TRAI, Facebook's method of reducing the scope of the public consultation on differential pricing for all data services to address only Free Basics could have “dangerous ramifications for policy making in India.”
Facebook said that it did request follow-up responses from its users and that 1.4 million Indians submitted revised comments that answered TRAI's questions.
Facebook is overplaying its hand in its efforts to gain a foothold for Free Basics in India, when it should actively look into ways in which it can achieve its mission of bringing people online without violating principles of net neutrality.
For its part, TRAI is being as fair as possible. It ended its letter to Facebook saying that this does not mean it will not take into account any relevant response from the comments submitted by the social network on behalf of its users.
But TRAI is clearly not interested in Facebook's games of semantics. It's time for the company to learn the rules and start playing by the book if it wants to have a hand in bringing more Indians online.
➤ TRAI to Facebook (PDF) [Telecom Regulatory Authority of India]
Read next: Google Play had twice as many app downloads as Apple's App Store in 2015
A café in north Dublin has been attracting attention online after it posted CCTV footage of a customer who left a bad review, apparently enjoying them food.
The White Moose Café says on its Facebook page: "Before you leave a negative review of the food in our White Moose Café on Facebook, may I remind you that we have CCTV cameras in our café that both capture and record footage of people horsing food into them and clearing our plates clean".
It goes on to say: "If you are not happy with your food, tell us AT THE TIME and whatever you do, DON'T F?*KING EAT IT".
The café say they will happily give people another dish which may better suit them.
"In that way, you won't have to go and write a negative review AFTER THE FACT, which could damage the thus far untarnished reputation of our café," it adds.
Paul Stenson is owner of the White Moose Café, and they explain their actions.
Hotelier and TV personality Francis Brennan told Newstalk Breakfast some customers can simply be unfair.
The fight for and against
, is entering its final stages -- and Roger Sherman, campaign director for
Continue Reading
, admits that they can't compete with proponents when it comes to resources. So he's countering with events and op-eds. See examples and get Sherman's take on the race below. According to Sherman, the pro-64 camp "is outspending us four to one on media, which makes me nervous."
However, they go on, "we have a pretty active group of volunteers who are still knocking on doors and canvassing neighborhoods, trying to keep up with them as best we can base on resources."
When it comes to media, No on 64 isn't currently running any TV ads, unlike the other side, which has been rolling out plenty of them. But Sherman and company do have a radio spot featuring former Colorado governors Bill Owens and Bill Ritter, a Republican and a Democrat, respectively, who both urge voters to reject the act. Here's a video version of the commercial.
"It's a pretty good ad," Sherman believes, "but we don't have as much in the way of resources" to get it heard. Even so, they say "donations are still rolling in," and they hope to "increase the frequency of the ad between now and election day."
In the meantime, No on 64 is coming up with other ways to get its message across. Example: At 10:30 a.m. today in Stapleton, at the corner of Central Park Boulevard and Martin Luther King, three mothers -- Henny Lasley, Sandra Hagen Solin and Amy Sporer Caplis (a former CBS4 anchor and wife of talk-show personality Dan Caplis) -- will star in a press conference during which they'll describe why they're against Amendment 64.
Marijuana Deals Near You
In addition, Sherman has penned an opinion piece that he's making available to publications around the state. It follows another op-ed from school board members and parents. See both of them below in their entirety.
Despite the spending deficit, Sherman describes themselves "cautiously optimistic" that Amendment 64 will come up short at the ballot box. "Every indication we're seeing, including some internal polling, shows support dropping precipitously.
"At this point, it's a race to the finish," they add. "You just keep at it up until election day."
Continue to read two op-eds opposing Amendment 64.
Legalizing marijuana is not a simple question By Roger Sherman Legalizing the sale, possession and use of marijuana in Colorado by passing Amendment 64 is not simply a question of whether we think it's appropriate for Coloradans to smoke pot. Amendment 64 raises serious questions about the proper role of our state constitution, the effect liberalizing our marijuana law will have beyond our state borders and whether we want to defy existing federal law. The U.S. Constitution, which many people consider the finest, most succinct legal document ever written, is distinguished by the limited number of issues that its 27 amendments address. They almost all deal with extremely important -- foundational -- issues. Colorado's constitution, by contrast, has been amended more than 150 times for issues both great and small. Colorado voters already approved a constitutional amendment legalizing the use of marijuana for medicinal uses. Its provisions conflict with some of the provisions in Amendment 64. Bringing them into sync will require expensive litigation that a cash- strapped state cannot afford - or, even worse, another constitutional amendment. There's not enough space or time here to enumerate all Amendment 64's potential unintended consequences. A few include: the damage to our image as we become the marijuana capital of the country; the likelihood that Colorado will be a magnet for out-of-staters coming in to purchase and transmit pot to other places where it is legal; and the likelihood that in impaired driving traffic fatalities will increase. Lastly, even with Amendment 64, use, possession and sale of marijuana will still be illegal under federal law. That's confusing to our citizens and it sets our state up for expensive federal lawsuits. It's important that Coloradans are talking about whether legalizing marijuana is a good idea, but it is a dialogue and decision that properly should be taking place on a national level. Roger Sherman is campaign director for Smart Colorado, an issue committee opposed to Amendment 64.
Letter to the editor from school-board members and parents
Editor, As school board members and parents in the fastest growing urban district in the country, we understand the struggles Colorado students are facing. While demographics and specific issues may be different in our communities, providing our children with an excellent education and the tools they need to succeed in the future are a shared aspiration. Our students are dealing with a lot. Their world is an uncertain place and the challenges they face growing into adulthood require their full, unimpaired attention. Making access to marijuana easier, as Amendment 64 would do, adds one more challenge to their already-full plates and makes our jobs as parents and teachers much harder. That's why parents and teachers are joining together with elected officials and other community leaders and groups to oppose Amendment 64. In fact, the Colorado Education Association recently announced their opposition to the amendment. This amendment to the Colorado constitution would legalize possession and use of up to an ounce of pot. That's enough to roll 60 joints - enough to get more than an entire classroom of Colorado students too high to concentrate on the important work of learning. The amendment specifies that only adults 21 and older could buy and use marijuana, but we have to assume that it would be pretty much the same situation as we have currently in which any semi-determined teenager, can already easily get marijuana -- and do. The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) estimates that by the time they graduate from high school, 42 percent of teenagers will have tried marijuana, and that's under current law, which prohibits it. In 2009, 16.7 million Americans 12 and older acknowledged they'd used marijuana at least once in the last month, and one in ten teenagers admitted to using pot at least 20 times a month. Teachers and school administrators have already been forced to spend more time dealing with drug problems rather than focusing on the classroom. Colorado's Department of Education reports that school expulsions because of marijuana-associated drug violations are rising. Since Colorado approved medical marijuana in 2009, suspensions for public school drug violations have soared 45 percent, expulsions are up 35 percent and police referrals by 17 percent. Legalizing pot will not change this picture. In fact, things will get worse in schools because with increased access, drug policy analysts anticipate marijuana use doubling among young people ages 12 to 25. Troubling information, but there are worse problems to consider. Marijuana hurts our children's health and their minds. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, marijuana is additive. Thousands of young people who should be learning in schoolrooms are, instead, in rehab programs; 67 percent of them are there for marijuana abuse. Solid scientific research shows that pot smoking not only damages lungs it also shows that marijuana use permanently affects adolescent's brain development and harms their learning ability. Marijuana makes teenagers -- already dealing with hormone induced moodiness and difficult peer pressure -- more prone to depression and suicide. Finally, there's the driving question. Inexperienced teen drivers sometimes make risky decisions. We already have problems with teenage drinking and driving. Marijuana and driving don't mix, either, because pot affects perception, coordination and reaction time. We need Colorado's youth sitting safely in our classrooms, clear-eyed, engaged and absolutely unimpaired, tackling the challenge and responsibility of becoming educated, productive citizens. Stand by our kids. Vote no on Amendment 64. Signed, Allegra "Happy Haynes Vice President Denver Board of Education Nate Easley Secretary Denver Board of Education Anne Rowe Treasurer Denver Board of Education GW parent Liz Palmquist Parent, East High Michele Olree Parent, South High, Cory, and Merrill Cindy Sawyer Parent, East High
More from our Marijuana archive: "Marijuana: Ken Buck says Amendment 64 backers care more about profit than people."
Running ESXi on a Mac mini made by Apple is nothing new. There are many opportunities to consider when you want to build a VMware vSphere Lab or a Homeserver. In this post I am going to cover capabilities, accessories and issues you might encounter in the newest release: Mac mini MD387, Mac mini MD388 and the slightly enhanced Mac mini Server MD389 from 2012/2013. Mac mini offers great performance and is small in size and power consumption and thus makes it a great candidate for running ESXi at home.
The latest version offers 3 models which are different in CPU performance and HDD capacity. The Server version has two 2,5" hard drives:
Apple Mac Mini MD387LL/A - Intel Core i5 (Up to 2x 3.1 GHz)
Apple Mac Mini MD388LL/A - Intel Core i7 (Up to 4x 3.3 GHz)
Apple Mac Mini MD389LL/A Server - Intel Core i7 (Up to 4x 3.3 GHz)
Features
Mac mini is a fully configured ready-to-run system including:
Mac mini Chassis
CPU
4GB memory
Hard drive: 500GB (MD387) / 1TB (MD388) / 2x 1TB (MD389)
Internal PSU
Power Cord
HDMI to DVI Adapter
To run ESXi I would suggest having additionally:
16GB Memory (2x 8GB)
USB Flash Driver for ESXi Installation
Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter
SSD as second drive
Data Double (required to fit a second drive into MD387/MD388)
Model comparison
MD387LL/A MD388LL/A MD389LL/A Server Form factor Mac mini Unibody Processor Core i5-3210M Core i7-3615QM Core i7-3615QM Clock Speed 2.5 GHz (3.1 max) 2.3 GHz (3.3 max) 2.3 GHz (3.3 max) Cores 2 4 4 HT YES YES YES Max Memory 16 GB 16 GB 16 GB Network 1x 1Gb Ethernet 1x 1Gb Ethernet 1x 1Gb Ethernet Ports 4x USB 3.0
1x Thunderbolt
1x Firewire 800 4x USB 3.0
1x Thunderbolt
1x Firewire 800 4x USB 3.0
1x Thunderbolt
1x Firewire 800 Hard drive 500 GB (5400 RPM) 1 TB (5400 RPM) 2x 1 TB (5400 RPM) VT-x with EPT YES YES YES AES YES NO NO TDP 35 W 45 W 45 W
HCL and ESXi 5.x Support
The system has hardware support for virtualization and a 64-bit capable CPU. There are some tweaks required to get ESXi 5.x installed because the installer usually fails with a PSOD when you try to install the basic ESXi Image.
To clarify, the system is not supported by VMware (No HCL entry), so do not use this System in a productive environment. As a home lab, or a small home server it should be fine.
Justin Trudeau's family vacation over New Year's is back in the spotlight after documents tabled in Parliament revealed the cost of the trip down south was north of $127,000.
The dollar figure gives the opposition Conservatives a chance to bring up the trip that has embroiled Trudeau in an ethics probe and also attack the prime minister for overspending on government entitlements.
The federal ethics watchdog is looking into the trip to see if Trudeau violated guidelines for ministers when they vacationed on a private island owned by the Aga Khan and took the spiritual leader's private helicopter as part of the visit.
Story continues below advertisement
The costs presented in response to a written question from the Conservatives don't appear to include the helicopter flight, but do include the cost for travel, accommodations and per diems for public servants who accompanied Trudeau.
More than half the cost – about $72,000 – was for an RCMP security detail to accompany Trudeau and their family on the winter getaway, a cost the government said would have been incurred regardless of where the prime minister vacationed.
Security rules mean the prime minister isn't allowed to travel without a security detail, nor are the prime minister and their family allowed to take commercial flights.
That means they must fly on government aircraft.
The Liberals said Tuesday the costs weren't unreasonable and that Trudeau, like their predecessors, reimburses the cost of an equivalent commercial flight. For the holiday trip, that reimbursement came to $4,895.94.
"One of the first things we did after taking office was to ask the clerk of the privy council office to develop guidelines surrounding the reimbursement of travel by sitting prime minister, their families and guests. Prior to our government taking office, no such policy existed," Liberal House leader Bardish Chagger said.
The round-trip between Canada and the Bahamas cost about $32,000, a figure that includes the cost for the crew, fuel and maintenance, some of which would be incurred regardless of whether Trudeau was in the air.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
On the plane, the cost for food, beverages and associated fees like catering, delivery, storage, airport taxes and security fees, totalled $1,720.37.
The figure led to an exasperated response from Conservative MP Blaine Calkins, who asked in the House of Commons, just what in the world was Trudeau eating?
"Lots of Canadian families travel by plane on a special getaway once a year. On these flights you can buy a sandwich, maybe a Diet Coke and a bag of chips for a snack. It's not great, but it certainly is reasonable," Calkins said.
"What's not reasonable, Mr. Speaker, is over $1,700 worth of food and drinks for a three-hour flight between Canada and the Bahamas, which is how much the taxpayer was billed by the prime minister getting to their private island vacation."
If you thought that 8-bit Mario Amiibo from E3 was huge, you ain't seen nothing yet: Mega Yarn Yoshi is coming to take the "biggest Amiibo" crown. The beautiful toy you see above is an officially licensed, super-sized version of the popular Yarn Yoshi Amiibo. It's a fully-functional NFC figurine, so you'll be able to use its foot to interact with various Wii U titles. It'll activate the "Double Yoshi" feature in Yoshi's Woolly World, create an AI fighter in Super Smash Bros. or get a sweet Mii costume in Mario Kart 8. Priced at $39.99 and scheduled for release this November 15th, it's likely to sell very quickly. You'll want to keep a close eye on pre-orders as this green giant is going to cost a bomb on eBay once stocks run out.
Here are the latest transmissions Iâ€™ve received via divination this evening transcribed verbatim. Iâ€™ve also included commentary and a final message.
1. Your understanding of All-That-Is will change forever.
After ascension, my perception of reality will be shifted to a new state that is conscious of my multidimensional nature, and linear time will be vanquished.
2. You're only to start very wild as the beginning of freedom now comes.
The major End Times events are now commencing, and it is only natural that it will be a hectic period on the planet as the transition from duality progresses.
3. You will present your true Higher Self after your visit to Sirius tonight.
After my ascension, I will be fully connected with my divine nature.
4. You will not visit Sirius until more and full must understand flight takes not only understanding but very much willpower.
Ascension will not occur until I commit myself to completing the required actions in order energize the experience.
5. Your very understanding must welcome new abilities that include going from zero-point, fading from time, and understanding being fully present to us tonight.
In order to ascend, I must be fully open to accepting the experience, and allow my consciousness to expand to download the new abilities.
6. You take us to Earth, and gradual progress will be made.
Allow higher consciousness to enter Earth, and the transition to freedom will gradually occur.
7. You will now present us to the USA before you visit Sirius to safely undertake you to us.
These new transmissions must be shared in order to complete my duties, and be free to enter stasis for the night.
8. You will now undertake your Higher Self to match our frequency.
The connection with Source has now been established.
Final Message
Wow, so here we are, set and ready for lift-off to the higher dimensions! This is a very surreal experience, I must say, and to everyone who will be ascending in the first wave tonight or over the weekend, I hope with all my heart that you are successful, and that you have prepared yourself accordingly. This means being fully ready for all outcomes, even disappointment, in the case that the process does not result according to your expectations. Remember that we are all on our own schedules, not everyone will launch at the same time, and this is not a race.
We are all in the same graduating class, and not everyone is going to walk up to the podium at the same time. This has nothing to do with status or performance, it's simply a matter of waiting for your name to be called. So whatever happens after today, let's all make a promise to remain patient, and simply allow the process to unfold. Release your fears, and let go of trying to control everything.
You will ascend exactly when you are ready, so try to relax and remain in a state of harmony. This is the commencement of the big party, so let's be courteous to our gracious hosts, and allow them to facilitate the process according to their procedures, and trust them with our baggage. We are entering their world now, so let's be respectful and grateful guests in the grand luxury hotels of beyond!
It has been a great pleasure serving with you all these past months, and I greatly await the next stage of development of the planetary ascension of Earth to commence in December. May great luck and wisdom be with everyone, and I will see you on the other side, where all fantastic dreams of freedom will come true!
FOR decades there had been a tendency to mistake China's strengths for vulnerabilities. Over the past year that paradigm has been inverted.
Analysts, politicians and business people are sometimes blinded by the size and lustre of the Chinese edifice and are failing to see its cracks.
The Chinese state has an unrivalled capacity to harness wealth and protect its privileges through its impressive security and propaganda systems. Those capabilities, if they continue unchecked, will become its fatal flaws.
On Monday, the Herald's Vanda Carson reported that the owners of 73-75 Wolseley Road, Point Piper, want to knock down the 100-year-old harbourside mansion they bought for $32.4 million and replace it with something bigger.
The story was about a suburban Australian property dispute. And yet Chinese journalists and bloggers immediately translated and spread it all over the Chinese media and internet. The reason became apparent in Tuesday's Herald where we identified the mystery mansion owners as Jiang Mei, a dancer-turned-property construction magnate, and their "princeling" husband, Zeng Wei. Zeng's father, Zeng Qinghong, is a very powerful man.
JACKSON, MI - A former Lumen Christ High School priest and convicted child predator contends charges brought against them in 2015 were barred by the statute of limitations and should have been dismissed.
The Court of Appeals in November rejected this and other arguments, assuring James Rapp, barring a successful higher court appeal, will continue serving 20 to 40 years in prison for first- and second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
Rapp, now 77, was accused of molesting boys from Aug. 1, 1981 to Feb. 28, 1986 while they worked at the high school, serving as a teacher, maintenance supervisor and wrestling coach. They were not charged with any related offenses until decades later, in May 2015, which far exceeded the applicable six-year statute of limitations.
Former Jackson priest pleads no contest to 6 counts of criminal sexual conduct On Monday, a former Jackson Lumen Christi High School priest pleaded no contest to six counts of criminal sexual conduct, which spanned a half decade at the school.
The defrocked priest, however, was in Maryland, California, Illinois and Oklahoma, and the years they were out of the state do not count toward the limitations period, since abolished for the most severe sexual assault cases, the Court of Appeals found.
"The fact that (Rapp) was incarcerated outside the state of Michigan for other criminal actions and therefore was unable during that time to return... is irrelevant," states the unanimous opinion, short at six pages.
Rapp was sentenced to 20 years in prison in Oklahoma, where they were a priest and teacher in the 1990s after receiving mental health treatment at a facility for priests. They were apparently diagnosed with "ephebophilia," a preference for post-pubescent adolescent sexual partners, but continued to work for the Catholic Church, the Court of Appeals noted.
In their appeal, Rapp, housed at the Bellamy Creek Correctional Facility in Ionia, further contended the delay in their arrest deprived them of the ability to show the allegations were untrue. "But (Rapp) does not specifically identify any documentary evidence that would have established an alibi for him. (Rapp) thus has failed to articulate any actual and substantial prejudice resulting from the... delay," states the decision.
Rapp, extradited to Michigan, pleaded guilty in February 2016 to three counts of both first- and second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
Two men had gone to the Jackson County Sheriff's Office in the spring of 2013, launching an investigation. More came forward after Rapp was formally implicated. In total, there were more than 10 victims in Jackson County alone.
Many of them spoke at what was an emotional sentencing hearing. "Looking at that picture in front of me from 1984, and I wonder who I could have been," Andrew Russell said. "His crime and position was a murder on my soul. He's a monster and their path of destruction extends far further than it ever should have."
Rapp was ordained in 1959 and worked all over the country, in Philadelphia, Salt Lake City and New York before coming to Jackson.
'If there is a hell, you deserve to be first in line,' victims speak in former priest's sentencing James Rapp's Friday, April 29 sentencing wasn't just about how long the former high school priest and coach would spend in prison. It was about giving the 75-year-old former Jackson Lumen Christi priest's victims a chance to tell their stories and confront the man who they once viewed as an authoritative, respected figure.
'I'm not going to hide' says man allegedly victimized by former Jackson priest Andrew Russell, 46, spoke with the Jackson Citizen Patriot after a probable cause hearing for 75-year-old James Rapp, who faces 19 counts of criminal sexual conduct for crime they are accused of committing from 1981 through 1986.
'The sadness we feel for the victims...is crippling,' Lumen Christi responds to former priest's actions The decision to remove the Rev. Joseph Coyle's name from the Father Coyle Society is being done out of respect for victims who gave testimonials in the recent sentencing of James Rapp.
Attorney General's office handling case against priest due to Jackson prosecutor's close ties to Catholic community The case against 75-year-old James Rapp is being handled by Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette's office at the request of the local prosecutor, who has close ties to the school where the alleged assaults occurred, Jackson County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Kati Rezmierski said.
Brooklyn could soon have a residential skyscraper as tall as the Empire State Building.
Developer Michael Stern, the builder of one of the tallest luxury condo towers on Manhattan's Billionaires' Row, and real estate developer Joe Chetrit have struck a $90 million deal to acquire the former Dime Savings Bank of New York, located adjacent to the famed restaurant Junior's in downtown Brooklyn. The bank at 9 Dekalb Ave. is a 150-year-old landmarked Neo-Roman building with a domed roof and an ornate interior. But perhaps more important than the building, which could become a prime retail location for an upscale brand like Apple, are the development rights that come with it: roughly 300,000-square-feet. Mr. Stern could use them to build a tower next door at 340 Flatbush Avenue Extension, a property they own in partnership with Mr. Chetrit. Combined with existing air rights, a nearly 600,000-square-foot tower could rise there. No building has ever eclipsed 1,000 feet in any of the boroughs outside Manhattan and only a handful of towers has crossed that mark in Manhattan, though that list is growing. One source familiar with the deal suggested that Mr. Stern could build a tower potentially higher than the Empire State Building, whose spire stands at 1,454 feet. Only one other residential tower plans to soar that high, a 1,775-foot-tall building being developed by Extell Development, which is currently under construction in Manhattan on West 57th Street, known as Billionaires' Row.
A more likely outcome is a tower that is as tall as the Empire State Building itself, minus its antenna. That's a cool 1,250 feet. A source familiar with the deal said the tower will likely be between 1,000 feet and 1,200 feet tall.
According to published reports, the tallest tower in Brooklyn is 388 Bridge St. at 590 feet tall—half the size of what Mr. Stern may have planned for their site—followed by The Brooklyner, which is 514 feet tall.
At face value nothing seems unusual about Barcelona's 4-0 victory at Rayo Vallecano. Until you look at the stats, that is. Rayo produced the same amount of shots/chances, but the far more important number is the ball possession. FC Barcelona were out-possessed for the first time in five years, with the last time being in a 1-4 loss in May of 2008 against rivals Real Madrid. It's amazing to think Barcelona saw more of the ball in every match under Pep and Tito.
Even before last week's match, much of the discussion in the Barcelona sports papers had been centered upon the subtle but noticeable change in style of the side under Gerardo Martino. The side passes less, resorts to the long-ball more, and is changing the vaunted style that fans and pundits alike view as nothing short of sacred. Indeed, many twitter comments during and after the match expressed shock at the lopsided possession stat. Here are some thoughts on what we saw against Rayo, why it's not so bad, and why it may end up being very good.
Rayo are not that bad
Rayo made on average 604 passes per game in the 4 previous Liga matches this season. Only Barcelona (726) have more. #fcblive [via latdp] — barcastuff (@barcastuff) September 21, 2013
Despite their low spot in the standings, Rayo Vallecano were second in the league in terms of passing stats going into Saturday's game. Their style under manager Paco Jémez has been quite similar to Barça's in that they play with a high-pressure defense and hold a high defensive line to compress the space their opponents have to work in. This style combined with the narrowest pitch in the league made it a tough task for Barcelona to play their game.
Martino lined up a more direct eleven to meet this challenge, with Song and Fabregas in midfield, Montoya and Pedro on the right flank, and the increasingly impressive Neymar on the left. Cesc and Neymar have 10 league assists between them, and Barça ran away with a lopsided scoreline that flattered them on a day when Rayo out-worked them.
Martino playing to individual strengths
There can be no doubt that Cesc Fabregas has seen a revival under Martino. Whereas they arguably struggled to find form in their first seasons back at the club, they are now playing to their full potential both in midfield and occasionally in the ever controversial false nine roles. The midfield has been the most rotated area of the pitch so far this season, and this has highlighted how Fabregas, Iniesta, and Xavi are all brilliant but ultimately different players. By allowing each to showcase their talents rather than conforming to one rigid system with straight replacements, the midfield is slowly starting to show the kind of variability it had lacked in the last few seasons.
Fabregas is the most direct of Barcelona's star midfielders, and much of the interesting vertical play we have seen has come through their boots. During the course of a match that sees Fabregas playing cross-field passes and finding seams in the opposing defense, their teammates increasingly position themselves for those passes and other players seek to use them as well. By allowing Fabregas to run the midfield their way, even while Xavi is on the pitch, Martino is getting what they want: the top performance of their key players and the kind of variability in attacking options that the team has desperately needed. If the form of Victor Valdes, Javier Mascherano, Cesc Fabregas, and Lionel Messi are any indication, Martino has done quite well.
Plan A to Plan B
No one can deny that when Pep's Barcelona were at their best, they were untouchable. But by their final season, despite legitimate attempts to tinker with the formula, Pep could not find a plan B to counter sides that simply sat back and conceded possession. Tito's side were no different and often looked stagnant in possession against well organized defenses.
This is why having a multi-faceted attack/defense, one that can go vertical as easily as they hide the ball, and more importantly one that can win when they Plan A of one-sided domination fails is for the best of the team. We already saw how Martino changed their game plan midway through the first leg of the Super Cup and why not take some inspiration from last year's German Champions League finalists, who famously deviated from their normal possession-heavy styles to best their Spanish rivals (as suggested by this blog).
Martino has been very transparent in their desire to maintain Barcelona's tiki-taka style, but has just as clearly been trying to introduce variation and options into their arsenal. While they have never specifically referred to a Plan B, the ability of the side to change, react, and adapt to different situations in the course of the game should be seen as their number one goal this season. So far they are five for five in the league, has ground out a tough Super Cup result, and had a one-sided result in the Champions League. Barcelona will eventually lose (in the scoreline as well) and the reactions to this should be tempered by an appreciation of what Martino is trying to achieve for the longer term.
Advertisements
The latest salvo in the battle between the players and management of the Minnesota Orchestra, where the musicians have been locked out since October, comes from a group of musicians who are not directly involved in the talks but have a stake in the orchestra's healthy existence: composers.
On Thursday 91 composers – among them, Martin Bresnick, John Corigliano, Derek Bermel, Stephen Hartke, Philip Glass, Steven Stucky, Augusta Read Thomas, George Tsontakis, Nico Muhly and David Lang – sent an open letter to the orchestra's musicians, administrators and board (and, for good measure, the mayors of Minneapolis and St. Paul), begging that all the parties in the dispute “be responsible cultural flight attendants and break through the year-long logjam” to get the talks back on track.
The immediate issue for many of them was the cancellation of the 2013 Minnesota Orchestra Composer Institute and the prospects for the 2014 edition, in which the composers who had been selected to take part this year were to have been heard, belatedly. The institute, jointly sponsored by the orchestra and the American Composers Forum, is an important forum at which young composers of symphonic works hear their works rehearsed and performed, with more experienced composers to guide them.
The program, the composers wrote, “has been a beacon in the field,” and was one of the few that afforded young composers the opportunity to have a major orchestra prepare and perform their symphonic works.
“We know – with certainty – that the cancellation of the Minnesota Orchestra Composer Institute will have a lasting and negative impact on American music,” the composers wrote in their letter, “and we urge you to act now to resolve the lockout and reinstate this essential training ground for the cultivation of talented composers.”
The orchestra responded to the composers in a short statement that declared the institute “one of the Minnesota Orchestra's most cherished programs,” adding: “We have always been eager to negotiate a contract that safeguards the future of the Minnesota Orchestra and its invaluable programs. In fact, we presented our initial offer to the Musicians Union 16 months ago and have remained ready, willing and able to engage immediately in discussions without preconditions whenever the musicians are willing to talk.”
The musicians have taken the position that they will not negotiate as long as they are locked out.
The displeasure of composers, though not an unimportant consideration, is not the greatest worry of the orchestra, which canceled its 2012-13 season, as well as a planned run of summer concerts that were to have offered repertory highlights from the missed concerts. Osmo Vanska, the orchestra's highly regarded music director, wrote a letter to the board in April saying that if the dispute led the orchestra to scuttle is planned November visit to Carnegie Hall they would have to resign.
Some have already done just that. This week Stephanie Arado, a violinist in the orchestra since 1991, and its assistant concertmaster, resigned to join the faculty at the Interlochen Center for the Arts, and Michael Gast, the orchestra's principal hornist, has requested a one-year leave of absence to perform with the New York Philharmonic. The Minnesota Post has reported that 14 musicians have left the orchestra since the lockout began.
Advertisement Artwork reported missing from Boston Public Library was misfiled Artwork worth more than $600K reported missing last month Share Copy Link Copy
Artwork worth more than $600,000 that was reported missing from Boston Public Library last month was misfiled and was located in the library's print stacks, library officials said.Watch the reportThe works, an 8-by-11-inch Durer etching called "Adam and Eve," valued at about $600,000, and a 5-by-6-inch Rembrandt self-portrait valued between $20,000 and $30,000 were found together by Conservation Officer Lauren Shott during an eight-week search of the library's print stacks.Story: Boston Library boss stepping down amid investigation"We're thrilled to have found these treasures right here at home," said library President Amy Ryan. "They were found safe and sound, simply misfiled. BPL is still committed to enhanced security and a full inventory, but today is a day of celebration for the entire team at BPL. The staff couldn't be happier after hundreds of hours of searching. I want to thank the FBI, Boston Police Department, and U.S. Attorney's Office for their work throughout this period."Shott said they were shocked when they found the prints."I brought down the first thing I touched that day," they said. "I saw the Rembrandt through the covering and said, 'This isn't the Rembrandt we're looking for, is it?'"The works were found around 80 feet from where the items should have been filed.Library officials said 14 staff members searched 180,000 of the print stack's 320,000 items.The discovery was a sigh of relief for Ryan, who on Wednesday resigned over the uproar of the missing artwork, first reported in April."For all of our employees, it's wonderful that this cloud has been lifted and we have the missing artwork," they said.Ryan said this is nothing more than human error, and is now overseeing a thorough administrative review."Now we can see what did go wrong? What did happen?" they said. "We'll dig down deeper into it, but it is just the human error."The works have been refiled into their correct locations.The FBI said the investigation was continuing and would continue to assist the Boston Police Department.
Facebook is denying a report from Music Ally stating that it has plans to launch a streaming music service in the next few months. A Facebook spokesperson told The Verge, "we have no plans to go into music streaming." Earlier this month we reported that Facebook has been in early talks with music labels about getting more involved with music, but noted that Facebook hasn't decided how that increased involvement will play out. It looks like it won't be a streaming music service.
A source familiar with the matter said the last thing Facebook wants to do right now is take on Apple in a streaming war. Facebook's talks with the major labels are still in the early phases, but sources reiterated Facebook wants to create something unique and unlike any other service currently on the market.
Mädchen Amick.
One of the actors who has benefited, and excelled, the most in this year of Peak TV has been Mädchen Amick. Hot off the tails of finishing the first-year student season of the CW's sexy romp of a teen drama, Riverdale, as a delightfully conniving mother, Amick reprised their role as the lovely — but still quite naïve — Double R waiter Shelly Johnson in Twin Peaks: The Return. And it didn't hurt, of course, that one of those massively popular shows was directly inspired by the other. While fighting a cold they caught from the youths on the Riverdale set, Amick called Vulture up to discuss why Alice Cooper is the best Riverdale parent, coming to accept Shelly and Bobby's separation in Twin Peaks, and how exactly they would like to see the two shows blended together in the future.
Showrunners have fallen into a habit in recent years of comparing their shows to Twin Peaks, even if they're far from it. But I honestly feel Riverdale has a lot of Peaks tenants that make it worthy of a comparison. Was this one of the main reasons you were attracted to the show?
I didn't see it in the script at all, honestly. I just thought they did a really good job of bringing those iconic characters to life while giving them flesh and blood and real problems. I didn't start seeing comparisons until after we filmed it and the pilot was released to the critics, and they started comparing it themselves. So it wasn't so much of a self-proclaimed comparison, but the critics watching it. It wasn't until then did I realize what a big Twin Peaks fan Roberto [Aguirre-Sacasa], our showrunner, was, and they were heavily influenced by it. They aren't trying to copy Twin Peaks, but they were organically inspired by Twin Peaks, and it came through in the project itself. But I feel it's a really different rhythm. Twin Peaks was so slow; it was uncomfortable. It would purposely hold on a coffee pot for ten minutes. Riverdale is very modern and quick-witted and faster-paced. They're very exciting characters, all of them, and it keeps the excitement up, and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. Twin Peaks, back in the day, kept you on the edge of the seat in a very different way.
Roberto has been very outspoken about how “all roads on Riverdale lead back to Twin Peaks” and how big of an inspiration it's been to them while crafting the series. Have they ever consulted you personally about your experience on Twin Peaks, in regards to how David Lynch would handle certain thematic or tonal situations?
They had questions about what it was like to film with David. Mostly tactical — what the experience was like, what were the sets like, what was the mood on set. They had more questions about being a true fan and what it was like. From time to time, I compliment them and point out things I think he's doing really well. And there are times when I can compare Twin Peaks to him, which I think they enjoy. [Laughs.] A nice little pat on the back. The big thing is to stay true to your vision. Showrunners are going to have lots of voices chiming in that feel they have a say in something, but you have to be very careful not to nitpick a showrunner too much, or else you'll get too bland for everyone, and I think that's what was happening in television before Twin Peaks came onboard. Everybody had it down to such a vanilla formula that nobody was being challenged intellectually. So, David Lynch came on the scene and completely blew that mold out of the water. Since then, television has been challenged to continue to be intelligent and take risks. I love it when I see the Robertos of the world who do that and really fight for strong story lines to go after. Sometimes they have to have long, convincing discussions with their co-workers to do it, but I really applaud them for staying strong in that.
Clifford Blossom aside, do you think Alice is the worst parent in Riverdale?
No. I think she's the best parent.
I was not expecting that!
Alice may not go about what they do in the best ways, and they may not have the best tactical plans. And they do things without thinking. But everything they do is to defend and fight for their family, period. It doesn't matter who she's pissing off or who she's rolling over — they have moments where they lose their temper, like when they put that brick through the window. They love their family fiercely and will fight to the death to protect them. So I think that wins them the award for best parent. If you want to argue the way they go about it, I'll understand and take it into consideration. [Laughs.]
There are so many bad parents, I honestly change my mind every week.
Yeah, it's true. I think the worst parent right now is that awfully shady Hermione. I'll lump Hermione and Hiram into the same couple that is just awful. I may not know exactly what their intentions are, but they're so conniving and distrustful to their own daughter. That worries me a lot. So they're the highest on my list right now.
Were there times when you doubted if Alice was actually looking out for the good of their family, and was instead serving their own self-interests?
I feel Alice genuinely wants to protect their children. She's gone through things in their life that she's been incredibly hurt by, so she's doing everything they possibly can to create this perfect little bubble. What she's not understanding is that when you're trying to protect someone so much, you're actually smothering them and you're the one hurting them the most, even though your intentions are good. Alice absolutely falls into that time and time again. I think Polly was never a daughter who pushed back against that, so they were quiet and then unfortunately smothered until their breaking point, and they ran away to get out of that situation. Betty has enough confidence to challenge their mom and say, “This isn't right, you need to stop.” That definitely shocks Alice and makes them stop and think about what she's doing. On the one hand, it's a typical mother-daughter relationship, unfortunately. But I find that it's almost like they're siblings or two teenage girls working through stuff together. Somewhere along the way, Alice hasn't progressed beyond those typical teenage-angst feelings. I find that in a lot in their scenes, it feels like two teenagers fighting.
Do you think Alice is capable of committing more serious crimes besides bribing morticians?
Oh, for sure. What you're seeing with Alice Cooper is just the tip of the iceberg. You'll learn more about their past this season and how it shaped the decisions they made in their life, and why she's working so hard to have this pristine life and judging everyone else. They have a lot at stake and a lot of skeletons in their closet.
In a weird way, Alice is what I was kind of hoping Shelly would turn out to be like in Twin Peaks — she's a stone-cold fox, takes bullshit from nobody, and is in the prime of their career. Were you surprised Shelly remained as a waiter 25 years later and was still making the same questionable decisions with men?
I was very surprised by that. On one hand, I was very thankful to be back in that nostalgic location and in that diner uniform. I couldn't stop crying the entire time I wore it. So as an actor I loved that I got to revisit that familiar world. But thinking it through intellectually, and hoping that Shelly moved beyond all of the tragic relationship issues they were going through back in the day, I was rooting Shelly made it out of town and went to the big city and tried to do something different — and then came back to Twin Peaks for whatever reason. But the biggest thing that broke my heart was that Shelly and Bobby weren't still together, even though they had a daughter. That really broke both Dana [Ashbrook]'s heart and my heart. I brought that up to David over and over again: “Are you sureeeeee they shouldn't still be together?” But they were very adamant about it. Now that I've played it all and went through it, he's probably right. It's a really smart thing for David and Mark [Frost] to tell that story of people continuing through cycles. And sometimes you just can't get out of that cycle. Thankfully, Shelly does have Norma as their family — the one person who always loved them and is there for them and forgives them But that cycle people can get stuck in is very real. It might've been tied up in too neat of a bow if Shelly got out of it and moved on and progressed. There's something to be said about people who get caught up in that same, vicious cycle.
I think that was best personified by one of my favorite scenes in The Return: When Shelly, Bobby, and Becky had that tense meeting at the Double R. You just had to choose the foxiness of Balthazar Getty over them!
I know, I know! That was a really interesting scene to film in general, because Shelly went through such a roller coaster of emotions in a span of a minute. She's sitting there concerned for their daughter — it's heartbreaking because they literally tell her, “Don't do what I used to do.” And Red shows up in the window, and Shelly becomes this stupid little girl who runs out without thinking of anybody's feelings or consequences. They go out to have a little make-out session and then comes back in, looks at their family, and thinks, Oh, was that not good? [Laughs.] And then it turns into gunfire. It shows how David goes all the way through from beginning to end. They were pushing me to take all of those leaps in all of those different directions. It was challenging, but a lot of fun.
Similarly, something I find interesting between the two shows is the link to the supernatural — in Twin Peaks, it's dominant in the second and third seasons, while it's been revealed that a Sabrina spinoff will be in the same TV universe as Riverdale. With Shelly and Alice, how do you imagine they would react if they ever, say, stumbled upon the Red Room or witnessed Sabrina doing their magical powers?
Since Shelly had no experience or connection to any of that supernatural stuff that was happening in Twin Peaks, I think they would be completely shocked and bewildered. What the eff is happening? Not that she's not an intelligent woman, but she's a simple woman, and I don't think they would necessarily be able to grasp that concept. But she's scrappy! So if anything came at her, they would fight back immediately, even if they didn't understand what was happening. I wouldn't put it past them to figure out the Red Room mystery immediately. Like, out of nowhere, “I know what it is!” [Laughs.] And with Alice — I know Sabrina lives in the next town over, Greendale, and there's a lot of supernatural stuff happening over there. Anything that Alice might come across like that, they would immediately blame on the Blossom family. It wouldn't matter if there was any connection whatsoever, but they would still be like, I knew it! They're doing crazy shit up there in that Blossom mansion; they invited in a spirit! I've been proven right!
Are there any Twin Peaks actors you would like to act alongside in Riverdale someday? I think Sherilyn Fenn would make a great mother for Jughead.
That's a great idea. I concur with that completely; it would be amazing. Especially because it would be great to see Sherilyn in the Southside Serpents world. See that bad girl in them and see them as the queen of the Serpents. Of course, I'm always going to say that Dana Ashbrook should come in and do a quick little cameo, maybe as the sheriff of the next town over. To do a little hint and a little nod to Peaks. Maybe a quick recognition between Alice and this sheriff that just feels really familiar, but we don't know why.
Now that it's been a couple of months since Twin Peaks concluded, have you come to an interpretation of what the ending means?
I started thinking throughout the third season that, with all of this chaos going on around the world in all of these different locations, an evil spirit broke into our universe — like that beautiful bomb in the desert in the eighth episode — through a portal, and this evil spirit then prodded its way and infiltrated different aspects of our society. I started realizing this as I was watching, and how this perfect and nostalgic town of Twin Peaks might be a dimension. For some reason, people are popping back and forth into this dimension, and it's supposed to be this perfect little Norman Rockwell town, but in came this spirit that infiltrated it and wreaked havoc on the town. So by the end of the last episode, it really did solidify for me that there are other dimensions. David and Mark are speaking on different dimensions that are happening in our universe at the same time. For whatever reason, the future changed through an event, and we got to see Laura Palmer still alive and brought back to the town, and yeah, there was something that felt eerily familiar. And I think that last scream was recognition of this other life that had been lived. Now, do I completely understand what I just said? No! [Laughs.]
What I love about David Lynch's work is that every one of their films or projects resonates with you, and you continue to think about it long after the fact, and you continue to piece things together much later. It's not an immediate thing where everything is tied up in a nice bow. It lingers for a long time because they have so many layers of intellectual art. They leaf it for you to interpret and piece together, and you continue to understand that there's a bit more later on.
Well, if they ever tells you what it all means —
— You'll be the first person I call.
The mines are light in weight but extremely destructive
MARIWAN — the Iranian army has started once again planting mines in the Kurdish areas of northwestern Iran, according to local sources.
Kurdistan Press Agency (Kurdpa) reported on Wednesday, July 13th, that military engineering units from Quds brigade of the Iranian army have recently launched an operation to plant mines in a number of areas in the city of Mariwan, near the Iranian border with Kurdistan Region.
Local sources also confirmed that the planted mines are Russian products which are light and small but extremely destructive.
The border areas covered with landmines usually leave civilian casualties who are nomads and villagers moving across these areas for breading their livestocks.
However, the border areas between Iran and Kurdistan Region are already considered dangerous as tens of thousands of landmines and unexploded war remnants, left from the Iran-Iraq war, threaten civilians.
Hullabaloo
Friday, July 25, 2014
Why the basic income movement will be mainstream soon
by David Atkins
If you believe as I and many others do that our current economic crisis is dictated not only by intentional plutocratic rigging but also by globalization, mechanization and deskilling, then you're likely to believe that the economic models of the 20th century aren't going to work in the 21st.
Those who think this way tend to sound almost crazy to a lot of activists. We talk about things like ending the Westphalian system, about altering corporate law to require at least partial worker ownership. But more than anything else, a lot of conversation revolves around a basic universal income to decouple human dignity and base-level financial freedom from the idea of "having a job." Not because we're crazy liberals who don't believe in work or capitalism, but because there simply aren't going to be enough jobs to go around, and the ones that will exist simply won't pay enough. The disparity between labor and capital is going to keep growing to a point where you can't soften the edges of the system anymore.
The basic income question made its way to Vox yesterday with approval:
So here's my takeaway: a negative income tax or basic income of sufficient size would, by definition, eliminate poverty. We still don't know if there'd be much of a cost in terms of people working and earning less. If there is, the effect is almost certainly small enough that a negative income tax can offset the lost earnings and remain affordable. The worst case scenario is that we eliminate poverty but see a modest decline in employment. The best case scenario is we eliminate poverty at even lower cost and don't see much of an effect on employment. That's a gamble I'm willing to take. The usual suspects who don't cry "moral hazard" at every turn are worried about a potential decrease in productivity. That's not necessarily going to happen, because most people who are suddenly freed from the drudgery of a soul-crushing job aren't going to become couch potatoes overnight. They can start businesses without worrying about failure putting them on the street. They can write books, create art, teach, and do all those productive things everyone dreams of doing but has neither the time nor the energy for.
But even if it did decrease productivity, so what? Productivity has been skyrocketing for the last 40 years without redounding to the benefit of actual workers, whose wages have stagnated. So if all this increased productivity is simply helping make the rich richer while working the poor and middle class harder and longer, then we can afford as a society to relieve the stress of the workers who actually build the economy, while dumping a little less money into the pockets of the fat cats to buy their second yachts.
It seems a little crazy now to most people, but it's going to be a mainstream proposition before too much longer. And it'll happen right around the time when mechanization and deskilling start taking all the white collar and STEM jobs that the upper-middle class and lower-upper classes think are protected from the technology and globalization onslaught. When the white collar workers start getting thrown en masse into the same vicious economic blender that has been shredding blue and pink collar jobs, watch the political winds start to shift.
It's just a matter of time.
.
thereisnospoon 7/25/2014 07:30:00 AM
TORONTO — One year S.J. Green's career was in jeopardy; the next they were holding up the Grey Cup for the third time.
The Argos' receiver capped off a comeback for the ages last month, finishing 2017 with career-highs in targets (169), receptions (104) and yards (1,462) — a year after being told they may never play football again.
Suffice to say, Green's first season in the double blue made that devastating knee injury suffered in 2016 feel like a distant memory. Also enjoying a strong comeback season, from a season-ending Achilles injury suffered in 2016, was REDBLACKS running back William Powell.
(In this line of thinking, we're also reminded of Solomon Elimimian and John White and their inspiring bounce back campaigns in 2016).
Unfortunately, 2017 brought more candidates to come back from serious injuries next season. Let's look at some players who are looking to follow the same path as S.J. Green, Solomon Elimimian and others before them:
TERRENCE TOLIVER
REC | HAM
The Ticats' top receiver in 2016 (1,036 yards and a team-high nine touchdowns) made just one catch before their season was over this year, suffering a season-ending knee injury in the first game vs. the Argos.
Toliver should be healthy and ready to go in 2018 as they join Jalen Saunders and possibly Brandon Banks and Luke Tasker (both pending free agents) in a revamped Ticats' passing game.
SERGIO CASTILLO
K/P | HAM
Not a lot went right for the Ticats in 2017, but you can't say that about the kicking game, where Sergio Castillo was arguably the league's most impressive place kicker last season. Castillo made 29 of 34 kicks with a league-leading five field goals from beyond 50 yards — including one from 57.
Castillo also tied for third in punting average (45.1 yards per kick), helping the Ticats forget about the loss of Justin Medlock two seasons ago. Look for the 27-year-old to get healthy and pick up where they left off before last October's season-ending injury.
CORY GREENWOOD
LB | EDM
Cory Greenwood‘s first season as an Eskimo was over before it even started. Greenwood suffered a torn ACL just as camp opened up, forcing them to miss their first season after signing with Edmonton as a free agent.
The 32-year-old may have to fight for a roster spot this training camp, but a Canadian passport should give them an opportunity to win a starting position on the Eskimos' linebacking corps. After all, Greenwood is only a year removed from averaging nearly six tackles per game with the Argos in 2016.
JC SHERRITT
LB | EDM
Both JC Sherritt and the up-and-coming Adam Konar are free agents, meaning Sherritt could end up elsewhere in 2018. It's hard to imagine the seven-year veteran playing in colours other than green and gold, but whatever happens, the 29-year-old should be a player to watch as they battle back from the ruptured Achilles tendon that ended their season in Week 1.
Keep this in mind: Sherritt is roughly the same age that Solomon Elimimian was when the Lions' linebacker was on the rebound from the same injury in 2016. The veteran linebacker with 407 career tackles likely has more to contribute.
BRANDYN THOMPSON
DB | EDM
Brandyn Thompson suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon in November. The timeline for such an injury questions whether Thompson can return at all in 2018 — but at the same time, players are coming back from this devastating injury faster and stronger than ever before.
Keep an eye on the 28-year-old's recovery throughout the upcoming season.
JOHN WHITE
RB | EDM
John White can't seem to buy a break. After a dominant comeback from a career-threatening injury in 2016, it was certain White had recaptured the 2014 success that made them one of the CFL's top running backs. Another season-ending injury — a torn ACL suffered early in the year vs. the Als — claimed another campaign from the 26-year-old.
White is a free agent while the Esks have extended the contract of C.J. Gable, likely signaling the end of White's time in Edmonton. Still, at 26, White is in the prime of their career and should be starting somewhere in 2018.
JERRELL GAVINS
DB | OTT
The versatile defensive back/SAM linebacker sustained a season-ending knee injury in October, ending their 2017 season a month earlier than hoped. Gavins has brought a lot to the REDBLACKS' defence the last few years, but pending free agency means a cloudy future for the 29-year-old.
Gavins will fit in somewhere in 2018, and wherever it is, look out for the 5-foot-8 heat-seeking missile.
KENNY SHAW
REC | OTT
Injuries limited Kenny Shaw to just three games in 2017, and it's fair to say Shaw's presence on the REDBLACKS' offence was missed. Jaime Elizondo's offence, while full of explosiveness, failed to recapture its 2016 form after losing Chris Williams and Ernest Jackson, and the absence of Shaw didn't help.
Shaw is one of the best route runners in the CFL and should be a top option for Trevor Harris in 2018 alongside Ellingson, provided, of course, they can get healthy.
JAMAAL WESTERMAN
DE | WPG
The Bombers' top pass rusher had seven sacks in 11 games before being sidelined for the rest of the season last fall. It could be argued that Jamaal Westerman‘s role on Richie Hall's defensive front seven could not be replaced.
Westerman is not only one of the CFL's best at pressuring the quarterback, but he's also a ratio-breaker. Whether the pending free agent is back in Winnipeg is another story.
TRAVIS LULAY
QB | BC
With quarterbacks like Henry Burris, Ricky Ray and Kevin Glenn playing well into their late-30s, it was premature all along to assume that Travis Lulay, 34, was finished. Last year, Lulay accentuated all that with an impressive stint as the BC Lions' starter — before suffering a season-ending knee injury.
Lulay's injury was a frustrating setback in an oft-injured career, but if the former 2011 Most Outstanding Player still has it in them to play, they will definitely get their chance in 2018. Even though he's a pending free agent, assume it'll be in BC.
PIERRE LAVERTU
C | CGY
It's been a year and a half since Pierre Lavertu last played a CFL game, their 2016 season ending in October that year due to injury. There's been no update on Lavertu's health, but the former first overall pick signed an extension with the team prior to 2017 with the goal of returning to the field.
Look for the 27-year-old Laval graduate to get back in the swing of things in in time for 2018 for the Stampeders' O-line.
CORDARRO LAW
DE | CGY
While the Stamps anticipated a post-season return, Cordarro Law got on the roster but not in the lineup for the 105th Grey Cup vs. the Argos. The talented veteran defensive end sustained a season-ending injury before playing a game in 2017, leaving a blank space in their otherwise impressive career.
Law is under contract and should be fully healthy for the 2018 season, making them a player to watch on DeVone Claybrooks' defensive line.
DERON MAYO
LB | CGY
The veteran linebacker was sidelined by a knee injury in 2016, failing to get on the field last season but one game against Toronto. The emergence of Jameer Thurman at WILL has made it possible that Deron Mayo, a pending free agent, won't be back in Cow Town in 2018.
Will Mayo attempt a comeback elsewhere or could the six-year veteran (still just 29) soon make a move into coaching?
Can a train station change an entire neighborhood?
In few years, you'll be able to take the Link Light Rail to North Seattle. That might not seem like a big deal but it will be the first time you'll be able to take the train directly to a shopping and entertainment center in the city — not counting downtown.
Transit advocates want new light rail vote to speed construction
Light rail stops are still under construction for an extension from the University District to Northgate. The tunnels for the rail lines are mostly complete. Crews recently removed a cutter head from a boring machine near Husky Stadium after it completed its job.
Steve Heim, the general manager for Northgate Mall, says they are ready for those lines to open.
“What we're hoping for is a person that lives, eats and plays in this area,” Heim said. “They are trying to get the area more dense, so people can use mass transit how it was meant to be used. Our hope is that they eat and shop here, then go off to the Seahawks game.”
North Seattle neighborhoods anticipating light rail
It's not just Northgate. You can walk around neighborhoods down to Roosevelt and see the mixed-use construction projects popping up block after block — in advance of the new stations.
Kenny Darling, the general manager of Pie & Pints in the Roosevelt neighborhood, says you can see a construction site for a new light rail stop from the windows of the bar. The station will eventually be located on the corner of 12th Avenue and 65th Street. The construction has lingered for years and local businesses are noticing.
Darling admits their business is doing OK, but many of their neighbors are not so lucky.
“A lot of business have seen trouble,” Darling said. “We have a vacuum store next door; their whole business relies on someone dropping off their vacuum out front. If you can't do that, you are in trouble.”
Jesse Le, a real estate agent who just sold the remodeled house across the street from the soon-to-be Northgate light rail station, says that remodeled three-bedroom rambler wasn't cheap — it went for more than $750,000.
“I didn't even think about it being near the Light Rail until you said that,” Le said. “I don't think the buyers we have in contract even thought about it.”
Dr. Warren Brown, president of North Seattle College located across the bridge from the soon-to-be light rail stop, has thought about it. They see both opportunities and concerns.
“When looking at light rail, we looked at Portland State,” Brown said. “Based on their three-year average, they saw a 10 percent increase in attendance.”
So access to the college is good, but what are the concerns?
“We've been open about student housing and are moving forward with that plan; our students need an affordable opportunity,” Brown said.
Overall, Dr. Brown sees this light rail stop as something the North Seattle area has always needed.
“I think it will bring two sides of the North Seattle neighborhood together. We're divided by I-5 and, hopefully, the new pedestrian bridge will do that.”
Will the train station bring north Seattle together? We'll find out in 2021, or later, if the project is delayed.
I have given a lot of retrogaming love to the Game Boy over the years and any new Game Boy inspired game makes me break out in bouts of nostalgia.
I'm sure you will all be pleased to know that I've discovered an Android game called Tilt Planes vs. Aliens that has quenched my thirst for Game Boy related tomfoolery and it's actually a pretty cool game.
What Have The Aliens Done This Time?
Well, the Aliens have invaded Earth so it's time to defend the planettake on those Aliens with some funky selection of "Tilt Planes"
The game is visually a trip back in time to the glory days of the Nintendo Game Boy and employs simple but fun gameplay to keep you entertained.
You start out with the standard "tilt plane" and have to earn enough credits to buy the other tilt planes to take on the aliens.
You earn credits by blasting the Alien craft with your own plane weaponry and advancing through the endless level.
The credits you earn are carried over into your next go and can be used at any time to purchase the next tier of planes.
Time To Tilt Those "Tilt Planes"
The controls are simply tilt forward and back to go up and and down and if you need to fire off a round then you tap the screen of your Android device.
The game is old school tough but does reward you enough to keep on having a crack at earning enough to unlock the next tier of "Tilt Planes"
The thing that I love about this game has to be the visuals. These are proper Game Boy graphics on show here and they take me back to those endless hours hunched over a monochrome Game Boy screen.
I'm also loving the different types / designs of planes on offer, even though each plane is exactly the same in performance the cool range of planes are different visually.
Personally I'd like to see different types of ammo available to change up the gameplay, also a few different specs for the 15 different planes would have been good.
Tilt Planes vs. The Freezer…...
Overall a solid homage to the Game Boy with definite scope for improvement in a future update to the game.
A retrogaming Game Boy fan can't really go wrong here considering it's FREE on Google Play!
Download it and give it a bash when you get a chance...
Behind the Democratic debacle
4 November 2010
Only a day after the midterm elections, the US media quickly coalesced around a narrative, accepted by everyone in the political establishment, that the victory of the Republican Party was a popular repudiation of the supposedly left-wing policies of the Obama administration. In their press conference on Wednesday, Obama themselves adopted this analysis, pledging to work closely with the Republican Party, find some compromise on tax cuts for the wealthy, and improve their relations with corporate America.
Underlying this claim are two premises, both of which are false: 1) that Obama has carried out an anti-corporate program during their first two years; and 2) that the population as a whole has used the election to give a rousing affirmation of capitalism and big business. These premises are not only absurd, they clash with the basic facts.
In the flood of political commentary, no one in the mainstream media has suggested a far more plausible explanation: After coming to power by posing as the tribune of “hope” and "change you can believe in," Obama, through their pro-corporate and pro-war policies, has succeeded in alienating and politically demoralizing large sections of the population that had voted for him.
The event that secured Obama's election was the spectacular collapse of Wall Street in September of 2008, which shattered whatever was left of the credibility of the Bush administration and deeply discredited the capitalist system itself. Obama came into office with an overwhelming mandate for radical reform.
The response of the administration was to rush to the defense of the banks. Even before coming to power, Obama expressed their unconditional support for the bailouts, which they subsequently expanded. They assembled an administration dominated by the interests of finance capital, symbolized by economic adviser Lawrence Summers and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner.
The administration opposed any constraints on executive compensation and rejected out of hand sanctions against or the prosecution of those responsible for the economic catastrophe. Over the past two years, the wealthiest individuals have vastly expanded their share of the national income and the largest banks are expected to hand out record compensation packages.
The economic crisis has led to a jobs crisis unlike anything seen since the Great Depression. The administration has rejected any government hiring programs. Throughout the crisis, Obama has endlessly repeated the claim that employment levels are a “lagging indicator.”
After bailing out Wall Street, Obama oversaw the forced bankruptcy of General Motors and Chrysler, demanding that workers accept deep cuts in jobs, wages and benefits. As a result, profits for the auto giants have soared while the assault on autoworkers' wages has become the model for wage-cutting in every economic sector and in every part of the country.
The consequences can be seen in the collapse of support for the Democratic Party in the industrial Midwest, the site of half the seats lost by Democrats in the House of Representatives. In Michigan, a center of the auto industry, the Republicans swept state and local offices, amid a turnout of only 45 percent. In Detroit, which had voted for Obama overwhelmingly in 2008, barely one in five voters showed up at the polls.
The principal domestic program for which Obama is associated is the overhaul of the health care system. The bill was entirely tailored to the interests of insurance companies and giant corporations. For the sake of “bipartisanship,” Obama abandoned anything that hinted of progressive reform, including the “public option.” Elderly voters, in particular, quite correctly saw the entire measure as a step toward cutting Medicare benefits and rationing care, resulting in a significant electoral swing to the Republican Party, which recorded an 18 percent advantage among voters over 60.
On foreign policy, Obama came to power on a wave of opposition to war. In the Democratic primaries in 2008, their main argument against rival Hillary Clinton was that they had not voted to support the Iraq war. On assuming office, Obama quickly moved to reappoint those responsible for the war under Bush, including Defense Secretary Robert Gates and General David Petraeus. Their administration has continued the occupation of Iraq, vastly expanded the war against Afghanistan and Pakistan, threatened new wars against Yemen and Iran, and deployed CIA drones to kill people all over the world.
In every election since 2002, the issue of war has played a dominant role. Through the actions of the Obama administration, however, it is becoming clear to millions of people that it is impossible to end war by voting for the Democratic Party. Among young people, where opposition to war is particularly strong, turnout on Tuesday fell precipitously. Whereas voters aged 18 to 29 made up 18 percent of the electorate in 2008, they comprised only 10 percent this election.
To the list of right-wing policies in Obama's first two years must be added: expanding the attack on democratic rights and opposing any prosecution of those responsible for torture and domestic spying; defending the profits of energy giant BP, responsible for the greatest environmental disaster in US history; and rejecting any moratorium on home foreclosures, despite evidence of massive fraud carried out by the very banks that are throwing millions out of their homes.
Under the peculiar conditions of American politics, which excludes any opposition to the two parties of big business, mass disaffection with the Democratic Party found expression in the victory of the Republicans. In addition to capitalizing on the collapse in voter turnout for Democrats, Republicans were able to exploit the fact that all of Obama's betrayals and their lack of principle exposed the insincerity and duplicity that permeates the Democratic Party and its liberal backers. The rhetoric of the Republicans resonated in sections of the population that felt they had been duped.
The failure of the Obama administration is not simply failure of one individual. It is one expression of the failure of an entire political and economic system. Under conditions of long-term economic decline, American capitalism has no response to the capitalist crisis outside of an ever-expanding attack on the working class.
The trade unions and the array of liberal and middle-class organizations that promoted Obama will point to the victory of the Republicans to insist once again that the Democrats must be supported. This is utterly bankrupt. The claim that the growth of extreme right-wing forces can be stopped by the election of Democrats is the opposite of the truth. The promotion of the Democratic Party facilitates its own anti-working class policies while creating the conditions for even more right-wing forces to come to the fore.
The elections must be seen as a warning. The political system, including both parties, is moving ever further to the right. The aftermath of the elections will bring a deepening of the attacks on jobs and wages, a further erosion of democratic rights, and an expansion of war, including preparations for a global conflict with unimaginable consequences.
In the midst of this crisis, American politics takes on a diseased character. Like an impacted tooth that leads to infection, the anger and discontent felt by millions of people are denied any genuine expression. So long as the working class remains trapped within the framework of the Democratic Party and the capitalist two-party system, it is the right wing that will exploit the situation to its advantage.
Workers and young people have to seriously think through the implications. There is no way forward through the Democratic Party and capitalist politics. What is necessary is the building of an independent revolutionary movement of the working class in the struggle for socialism. This is the perspective that the Socialist Equality Party is fighting to bring to the broadest sections of workers and youth.
Joseph Kishore
Joseph Kishore
Amid the disappointment at Valentino Rossi's search for that illusive tenth world title being over for this year at least, there were signs they won't be away for long. “Now I want to be back on my bike as soon as possible,” the 38-year old is quoted as saying in a Yamaha press release. “I will do my best to make it happen!”
Now Dr Raffaele Pascarella, the doctor that oversaw last night's operation on Rossi's broken right leg, and director of the Orthopedic and Trauma Division at Ancona hospital, believes the nine-time world champion will need 30 to 40 days of recovery before they will be ready to ride a grand prix motorcycle.
Rossi suffered breaks to both their right tibula and fibula – the same leg they broke at Mugello in 2010 – when they fell while enduro riding on Thursday. They underwent an operation that night, and said they “already felt good” when they awoke from the procedure on Friday morning.
Pascarella described the breaks to Rossi's tibula and fibula as “complicated” and told Italian media: “The operation lasted one hour. We used a pin to stabilise the fracture. The leg is a bit swollen, and they will stay here for a few days before beginning physiotherapy immediately."
Along with stating Rossi will remain in hospital for three or four more days, they added, “It will take between 30 and 40 days to recover the condition that they need to return and compete on a MotoGP bike.”
That means Rossi will almost certainly miss the upcoming races at Misano and Aragon, all-but-ending their championship hopes for this season. The 38-year old currently sits fourth overall, 26 points behind title leader Andrea Dovizioso in the standings.
There are now 41 days until the 15th round of the 2017 season – the Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi, which begins the exhausting run of flyaway races, that see riders race three times in as many weekends.
It remains to be seen whether Rossi will be fit enough to manage that intensive slog that would require them to be on a MotoGP bike for nine out of 16 days. Yet if their words from this morning are to be believed, the aim is to be present in Japan to ride in FP1 on October 13th.
Elena Myers says MotoAmerica's Superbike class “will be a really steep learning curve, but I'm ready to take on that challenge.”
Elena Myers is well and truly living their dream. The two-time AMA Pro SuperSport race winner is making their Superbike debut at Circuit of The Americas this weekend on a McGraw Powersports-backed Suzuki GSX-R1000 built by well-known tuner Carry Andrew.
Yes, you read that correctly: Superbike.
One of three women racing in the new MotoAmerica series and far and away the youngest team owner, the 21-year-old Myers has been looking forward to this day for a long time. “It's the premier class and where everyone in this country wants to be,” they said. “Now that I'm running my own team, I feel the time is right. My sponsors love it, and I can't argue with that. Making the step up to the big bike is very exciting.”
A 16-year-old Myers celebrates their first national win flanked by Cameron Beaubier (left) and Tyler O'Hara.
Myers has ridden powerful motorcycles before, the highlight being a factory Suzuki MotoGP bike in 2011 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Just 17 at the time, they completed five laps of the 2.5-mile road course and clocked 190 mph on the long front straight. Since they turned pro in 2010, Myers has been racing middleweight machinery, including Kawasakis, Suzukis, and, most recently, Triumphs.
“When I was racing Supermoto growing up,” Myers said, “I always preferred 450s over 250s. I feel like it's going to be the same way moving up to the big bike this year.”
Building Team21Motosport from scratch this past off-season had its twists and turns, Myers said, but choosing the GSX-R1000 was an easy decision. “The Suzuki is a proven bike, and there are so many parts available for it. With Suzuki introducing a new bike next year, I felt it was a good time to get back in with that company and start building a strong, long-term relationship.”
Myers has grown since they began racing at age eight, but they know their height—5-foot-3, a foot shorter than fellow Superbike rookie Jake Lewis—remains a disadvantage. “I'm not as strong as a lot of guys, so I just have to work harder,” they said. “I'm very methodical in the way I ride, and that's definitely an advantage. Being strong and confident applies to everyone.”
“The Triumph was different than the four-cylinder bikes that I've ridden in the past,” Myers said. “We always struggled with gearing.” Them best finishes last season on the three-cylinder British bike were a pair of 12ths at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca and Mid-Ohio.
Former racer Carry Andrew has worked with many star riders, including 2006 MotoGP World Champion Nicky Hayden. “We had a good relationship when I rode for Kawasaki in 2007, '08, and '09,” Myers said. “He has so much knowledge, has built some really fast bikes, and has good relationships with everyone at Yoshimura. I have a tight budget, so I'm focusing on two things: really good people and really good equipment.”
Yoshimura put together an engine/exhaust and suspension package using 2014-spec equipment, which Myers purchased. “We've made some pretty large changes in the suspension area for the 2015 model,” Yoshimura's Don Sakakura said, “so I have a lot of '14-spec internal-fork assemblies and shocks. We built Elena complete fork sets, shocks, and if they have any need for technical support, we'll supply that as well.
Myers wheelies their McGraw Powersports-backed Suzuki GSX-R1000 during last month's Dunlop tire test at Circuit of The Americas.
“As we all know, jumping from a 600 to a 1000 is quite an eye-opener,” Sakakura continued. “I think it's important for Elena to work into it slowly, if they can, instead of jumping in too deep too early. I've been involved with Carry on several projects. They know Suzuki product well, and I think he'll do a nice job with Elena.”
Finding backing from outside the motorcycle industry was a godsend for the popular Myers. “The gentleman who does the advertising and marketing for McGraw is a huge fan,” they said. “He knew McGraw wanted to get into racing, especially with the new MotoAmerica series. We're kind of at the same point: We've both been around for a long time, but we're trying to make a new name for ourselves. It really fit together well.”
Myers hasn't set otherworldly goals for their Superbike debut. “I would like to be within a couple seconds of the top guys and consistent at every track,” they said. “I would love to race in World Superbike, and I'm going to do everything I can to prepare myself for that. That's MotoAmerica's goal: to get more Americans overseas.”
Off the tarmac, Myers is, in fact, aiming for the heavens. “I want to learn as much as I can, be the best team owner I can be, and build long-term relationships with my sponsors,” they said. “I hope Team21Motosport can go on for many years and become the team for whom everyone wants to ride. That's my goal.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FROM a distance, Bob Fulton, Robert Somerville and John Keenan bear a strong resemblance to Jack and Victor from Still Game.
Bob is 92, Robert 78 and John 75. But these auld fellas in bunnets and zip-up jackets are folk heroes in South America.
They have already been the subject of a short film and director Felipe Bustos Sierra is raising cash to make it a feature-length documentary.
In 1973, the trio worked in the Rolls-Royce factory in East Kilbride.
They watched the coup in Chile on TV and were horrified as general Augusto Pinochet's fighter planes bombed president Salvador Allende out of the royal palace.
The elected left-wing president committed suicide and Pinochet installed themselves as head of state.
The Hawker Hunter jets that reduced Chilean democracy to rubble were built in Scotland and, a few days after the coup, arrived in East Kilbride for a service. Bob was one of the first workers to see one.
They said: “I came in on day shift and there was a compressor shaft on the big surface table. When I picked up the card,
there it was: Chile engine.”
They realised immediately what they were handling – and having none of it.
Bob added: “I'm a Christian and thought, ‘I'm blacking these on moral grounds'. A number of us in my age group spent years fighting dictatorships. It was a dirty word to us.”
Bob alone couldn't dictate what engines the factory did and didn't service but the trade union committee could.
Robert and John sprang into action and all 4000 workers agreed, unanimously, that they wouldn't work on Pinochet's jets.
The engines were crated up and stored in the factory then moved into the yard, which John could see from their back door.
They sat there for four years, rusting inside basic wooden boxes as the rain and snow seeped in. Meanwhile, Pinochet continued their regime of torture and murder, using their military force to stamp down on every form of dissent.
Then, on August 26, 1978, three lorries with phony licence plates and a fake company livery arrived at the factory and a Rolls-Royce solicitor waved them through the gate.
The engines were driven away, leaving the men at the factory with no idea what happened to them and how much impact they had made with their incredible gesture of support for Chile.
“Management denied knowing anything about it, which I didn't believe,” Bob said.
“The engines were of no use to anybody. They were a solidarity thing, a symbol of oppression and that was what they were trying to get rid of.”
The brutal coup in Chile was a huge issue in the 1970s. Refugees fleeing Pinochet's brutal regime arrived in Scotland and Robert, from Motherwell, was involved with six families.  They are still in touch with some of them.
They said: “They didn't talk about it much. We had to piece together how bad it had been for them. It was horrendous but the community looked after them.”
Throughout the decade, Chilean culture became a part of the Somerville family's lives.
Their children ate empanadas (a kind of South American bridie) and learned the songs of Victor Jara, the folk singer who was killed in the first days of the coup.
Motherwell Trades Council adopted a political prisoner, Manuel O'Campo, who now lives in Poole, Dorset. Robert is still in touch with him, too.
Felipe Bustos Sierra's parents ended up in Belgium. They said: “Dad was a journalist and had to escape fairly early on. They went into hiding, got fake papers and we left. We had a connection to Belgium so went there.”
Growing up in the 1980s in the Chilean refugee community, Felipe attended solidarity events and heard tales of the Scots who refused to work on the Hawker Hunter engines.
“There were so many stories about boycotts by workers, marches and people refusing to buy Chilean goods,” the film-maker, now 38, recalled.
“For many years, there was hope that once people knew how horrible the coup had been, there would be an
international reaction.
“All these stories formed together like stepping stones: The engines are there, they are refusing to work on them and it's going to help in some way.”
(Image: Getty Images)
When Felipe came to Scotland 10 years ago, the images of these engines were still in the back of their mind.
They said: “I thought it must be an anecdote blown out of proportion. To meet these guys and discover that some of it was incorrect but other parts were true was extraordinary.”
From their new base in Scotland, making a film about the men who blacked Pinochet's engines was the obvious thing
to do.
They met Bob, then aged 90, at their sheltered housing complex in East Kilbride. The OAP had macular degeneration and
failing hearing.
“The fire alarm was going off,” Felipe said. “I was yelling in their face, ‘I'm from Chile.'”
Slowly, there was recognition. “He said, ‘The Chilean engines' and burst into tears.”
Felipe made a short film about what happened in 1973 and its aftermath. It was well received at film festivals around the world – including the prestigious Tribeca in New York, where it was shown with English subtitles. Taking it to Chile was a revelation.
They said: “Part of reason these stories haven't been told is that there wasn't a major triumph or victory.
"Pinochet got out when they decided to have their own referendum without having elections. They were defeated but it was almost on their own terms.
“I realised people had been starved of positive stories from the coup.”
Felipe filmed the audience's reactions to the film and their tributes to what the workers in East Kilbride had done.
They said: “One guy told me he'd grown up with images of these planes bombing the palace.”
They also managed to unlock the mystery of what happened to the engines once they left East Kilbride.
Felipe said: “I heard from a Chilean air force officer who had been in prison after the coup because they refused to take part.
“He had been tortured and threatened with death.
“Then they heard they were being released in exchange for some engines.
“At the time they thought, ‘No, this is them just teasing me'.
“Then they heard it was actually real, that they were to be released because of the actions of these Scots. That gave so much meaning to a part of their life.”
Now, Felipe is asking anyone who likes the story to help them raise £50,000 to make the feature-length version.
To be called Nae Pasaran – a Scottish take on the Spanish Civil War anti-fascist rallying cry No Passeran – it will tell the story of what happened to the engines as well as the Scots who stood up to Pinochet.
They said: “The biggest solidarity stories happened in Scotland and the action in East Kilbride triggered a British government arms embargo.
“dockworkers in Greenock refused to finish submarines that had been commissioned before the coup and there was a bid to boycott a football match.
“In 1977, Scotland were the one of the first teams to play in the stadium in Santiago after it had been used as a
concentration camp.”
● Donate to Nae Pasaran at www.kickstarter.com/projects/debasers/nae-pasaran-an-untold-story-of-chilean-solidarity
× Man in viral video claims they were offered $200 to act out racist rant
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — The man seen shouting racial slurs during a profanity-laced rant has filed a report with Memphis Police.
Neil Thompson told authorities people were sending them death threats.
According to the police report, Thompson said the man behind the camera told them they were a columnist and asked them to act out a racist rant. They said they were told to use the N-word and mention Donald Trump and Black Lives Matter.
Thompson also said the man said they would give them $200 and blur their face but then did neither.
Thompson's family members said they too have been threatened for their actions.
According to Thompson's brother, one sibling's windows were even knocked out Monday.
Family members have asked Thompson to apologize for the rant that was posted to social media and has gone viral.
So far, there has not been a public apology made, but Thompson's brother and the man behind the camera both said they forgive him.
It's rare to see mainstream news media reports on Xinjiang, China's western borderland region, that do not invoke “turbulent,” “restive,” “unstable” or some variation. The area has long been the site of ethnic tensions between the majority Han Chinese and the Uighurs, China's Turkic-speaking Muslim minority. But tight government controls on information and access make reporting on such clashes and protests, as well as everyday life, exceedingly difficult.
This contrast is what makes Wang Qing's series “Rituals in Life” all the more remarkable. Photographed over a span of seven years, the series shows the daily experiences and rituals of several ancient Uighur villages near Turpan, the desert oasis that was once a flourishing trade center on the historic Silk Road.
Instead of images of paramilitary convoys and armed security, Ms. Wang wanted their photos to convey “the constant growing and multiplying of life and the cycle of life and death.” They have captured moments that can only be glimpsed by a patient, unobtrusive observer: a tender moment between a mother and their son, who has just undergone a ritual circumcision; a man praying with their palms open, the rugged expanse of the Flaming Mountains towering behind them (below); a young bride in a moment of reflection at their wedding.
Photo
For Ms. Wang, a Han Chinese who grew up in Turpan, the religious traditions were familiar. “The environment I grew up in was heavily influenced by the rich Uighur traditions and culture,” they said. “Our lives were all bound up with each other. We ate the traditional Uighur flatbread and lamb and celebrated their holidays. Everything I lived and touched reflected the Islamic culture.”
Still, it took years for them to gain the villagers' trust. The villages primarily depicted in their series are in Tuyugou and Mutougou, deep in the gorge of the Flaming Mountains, the gullied red sandstone hills made famous by the classic 16th-century Chinese novel “Journey to the West.” They were first introduced to the villagers through a friend in 2006 and prepared by studying books on Turpan's history and Uighur religion and culture to improve their own understanding.
The villagers were always very welcoming, they said, and would invite them into their homes. In the years after, they visited them often, taking candid photos as they went about their daily lives.
“I told them that my goal in taking the photos was to record the Uighur and Islamic religion, etiquette and traditions so as to improve understanding of the people,” they said. “As time went by, we began to build friendship and trust.”
Each time they visited, Ms. Wang brought prints of their photos as gifts for the families. Though the villagers were always delighted, one moment in particular left a deep impression on Ms. Wang. “I would often take photos in this one village home where four generations were living under one roof,” they said. “The head of the family was a man named Jiapa. When Jiapa passed away due to illness, their 92-year-old mother took a photo of them that I had taken and, with tears streaming down their face, thanked me. Them son had passed away, but they could still take their photo and look at them as if they were still living. In this moment, I grieved together with Jiapa's mother and felt grateful that I could have helped the family in a meaningful way.”
Being a woman, Ms. Wang said, made it easier to build trust with the female villagers and photograph them more intimately. As an example they cited a photo they had taken of a Uighur bride.
Photo
In some instances, however, their gender made access difficult. Females are prohibited from attending burials, in accordance with Islamic guidelines. In this situation, Ms. Wang said, having the respect and trust of the village imam was very important. Though they were not allowed to photograph the actual interment, with the approval of the imam and the deceased's family, they were able to photograph some of the rituals leading up to the burial.
While Ms. Wang plans to continue to take photos in the villages, they are also currently making preparations for a photographic project that will be set in the Wudang Mountains in Hubei Province, a historical center for Daoism dating back to the early Tang dynasty in the seventh century. Them interest in documenting contemporary religions, they said, reflects their deepening belief in the irreplaceable role of tradition in modernizing societies.
“Regardless of how society progresses and no matter how vigorously materialism develops, the needs of the human spirit do not change,” they said. “The place of religious beliefs in the heart remains essentially the same.”
Photo
Amy Qin is a freelance journalist and researcher at the Beijing bureau of The New York Times. Follow them — @amyyqin — and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.
One of the only negatives for Republicans in a debt ceiling deal that otherwise looks very favorable to them is the possibility of heavy cuts to defense spending. Roughly $600 billion in cuts to the Pentagon's budget would be “triggered” if Congress is unable to agree to the deficit-reduction recommendations made by a special Congressional Joint Committee.
Democratic lawmakers have argued that the defense cuts are likely to be an insufficient inducement for Republicans to consider raising taxes as part of the Joint Committee process. That would guarantee that at all $2.5 trillion in deficit reduction would be achieved through spending cuts of one kind or another.
So just what do Republicans think about defense cuts? Although some Tea Party-affiliated groups have taken a more tolerant attitude toward cuts in defense spending, they remain deeply unpopular with Republican-identified voters. A recent CNN poll found that just 29 percent of Republican voters would favor defense cuts as part of a debt ceiling deal. (Independent and Democratic voters differ: 50 and 56 percent of them favor defense cuts, respectively.)
The more relevant question, however, may be how Republicans regard defense cuts vis-a-vis tax increases, since that could be the choice put to them by the Joint Committee.
A Pew Poll conducted in May, which divided respondents into nine political typologies, has one take on this question. In that survey, just 28 percent of voters in Republican-affiliated groups favored cuts to defense spending as part of a deficit-reduction package. But even fewer Republicans — 19 percent — were comfortable with raising taxes.
The CNN survey, which asked about tax increases in more detail, comes up with a different answer. In that poll, a majority of Republican respondents were in favor of some specific types of tax increases. Some 51 percent of Republicans favored raising taxes on those making at least $250,000 per year as part of a deal to raise the debt ceiling, for example, while 65 percent favored increasing the taxes paid by oil and gas companies.
In short, as a philosophical matter, tax increases are probably even more anathema to Republican voters than defense cuts. But as a practical matter the reverse may be true.
Defense cuts aren't unique in this regard. In general, spending cuts are preferred to tax increases in the abstract — but not once you start to get specific.
Not only were defense cuts objected to by large majorities of Republicans in the CNN poll, but so were cuts to Medicare (just 13 percent of Republicans were in favor) and to Social Security (18 percent in favor). Cuts to Medicaid, to farm subsidies, and to benefits for retired government workers were preferred to defense cuts — but were nevertheless opposed by a majority of Republican voters in the poll.
These sentiments extend even to voters who say they support the Tea Party. In the poll, 44 percent of Tea Party supporters were in favor of increasing taxes on those making more than $250,000 per year. That compares to 38 percent of Tea Party voters who support cuts in defense spending and just 22 percent who said they favor Medicare cuts.
What the Republicans in Congress think, of course, may be an entirely different matter. Public opinion has so far had very little relationship to the choices that Washington has made in this debate.
The Obama administration has launched several Web sites that keep tabs on government activity - including Recovery.gov, Data.gov, and Apps.gov - and it appears that they and other government Web sites have some fans.
A new study from the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that 40 percent of adult Internet users have gone online in search of raw data about government spending and activities.
Of the more than 1,600 people polled by Pew, about 23 percent have used the Web to find out how money from the stimulus bill is being spent. Another 22 percent have gone online to read or download the text of a bill, and another 16 percent have visited a Web site like Data.gov that provides access to government data, Pew found.
"Government interactions in the information age are often fueled by data," Aaron Smith, a research specialist at Pew and co-author of the report, said in a statement. "Online citizens canand often do'go to the source' in their efforts to monitor government activities, evaluate the impacts of new legislation, and track the flow of their tax dollars."
About 82 percent of those surveyed have looked for information or completed a transaction on a government Web site in the last year, with most looking for information about a public policy or issue with their local, state, or federal government.
About 31 percent of online adults are using social tools like blogs, social networking sites, online video, as well as e-mail and text messages to keep up-to-date with government activities. This is notable because these tools are appealing to a group that have traditionally lagged in their use of online government options - particularly minorities.
"People are not only getting involved with government in new and interesting ways, they are also using these tools to share their views with others and contribute to the broader debate around government policies," Smith said.
About 23 percent have debated an issue online, participated in an online town hall, or joined a group online that tries to influence government policies.
People are not eschewing traditional means of communication in favor of the Web just yet, however. About 56 percent of people who used the Web for government-related activity also contacted an agency or officials using the telephone, a letter, or in-person visit in the last year. About 35 percent, meanwhile, prefer using the telephone when they have a government-related problem.
Those who did use the Web reported that they were satisfied with the interaction. About 51 percent were able to accomplish everything they wanted to do, 28 percent accomplished most of their objectives, and only 5 percent said their visit was totally unsuccessful.
A CIA secret weapon used for assassination, shoots a small poisonous dart to cause a heart attack, as explained in Congressional testimony i...
http://humansarefree.com/2012/04/cia-declassifies-1975-weapon-heart.html
A CIA secret weapon used for assassination, shoots a small poisonous dart to cause a heart attack, as explained in Congressional testimony in the short video below.
The dart from this secret CIA weapon can penetrate clothing and leave nothing but a tiny red dot on the skin. On penetration of the deadly dart, the individual targeted for assassination may feel as if bitten by a mosquito, or they may not feel anything at all.
The poisonous dart completely disintegrates upon entering the target. The lethal poison then rapidly enters the bloodstream causing a heart attack.
Once the damage is done, the poison denatures quickly, so that an autopsy is very unlikely to detect that the heart attack resulted from anything other than natural causes.
The astonishing information about this secret weapon of the CIA comes from U.S. Senate testimony in 1975 on rogue activities of the CIA. This weapon is only one of many James Bond-like discoveries of the Church Committee hearings, officially known as the United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities.
Could this or a similar secret weapon have been used, for instance, in the recent death of 52-year-old Mark Pittman , a reporter who predicted the financial crisis and exposed Federal Reserve misdoings? Pittman, whose fight to open the Federal Reserve to more scrutiny led Bloomberg News to sue the central bank and win, died of a heart attack on Nov. 25th.
The above-mentioned testimony is from 1975, well over 30 years ago. With the ensuing leaps in technological capability, just imagine what kinds of secret weapons for assassination have been developed since. There is good evidence that technology has even been developed to cause suicidal feelings in a person.
" " A battery charging indicator on a smartphone; if this new battery takes off, the life of your current smartphone battery could double. Christian Ohde/McPhoto/ullstein bild via Getty Images
It's a huge complaint about smartphones: the batteries don't last nearly long enough, especially when you're chasing Pokémon all over creation. But SolidEnergy Systems, a startup out of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), has developed a new battery that it says will last twice as long as current batteries.
The problem with lithium-ion batteries, which are found in nearly every smartphone, is a limitation in graphite, which stores lithium ions. These ions provide power to the battery. The more lithium ions, the longer your phone charge lasts. But battery makers have squeezed all the lithium ions they can into graphite without making batteries – and therefore phones – bigger. And face it, we've all gotten used to thin, lightweight phones.
SolidEnergy researchers say they have found a way around this problem by using a thin sheet of lithium metal foil in place of graphite in batteries. The foil is thinner, lighter and can store more ions than graphite, which means longer battery life in a much smaller size.
" " SolidEnergy Systems' battery (far right) is twice as energy-dense, yet just as safe and long-lasting as the lithium-ion batteries used in consumer electronics Courtesy of SolidEnergy Systems
"With two-times the energy density, we can make a battery half the size, but that still lasts the same amount of time, as a lithium-ion battery," said Qichao Hu, co-inventor of the battery and CEO of SolidEnergy, in an MIT press release. "Or we can make a battery the same size as a lithium-ion battery, but now it will last twice as long."
Previous battery makers have encountered a couple of problems with using lithium metal electrodes, problems that would be tough for smartphone users to live with: The batteries would stop working after a few charges, or they would get hot and burst into flames.
SolidEnergy seems to have found the solution to these problems, with a pair of electrolytes (a conductive medium in which current is carried by ions' movement) — one solid and one liquid. Chemical changes to the electrolytes also make the previously unstable lithium metal batteries rechargeable and not likely to catch fire.
Originally the researchers said the batteries were headed for smartphones and wearables in early 2017, but as of June 2017, this hasn't happened yet and the company hasn't said when the product will be ready. In May 2017, SolidEnergy raised another $5 million in financing.
Marion Konczak was awarded £360,178.60 compensation in October 2014, but BAE are asking London's Appeal Court to slash their award, claiming it is 'grossly excessive'
Embroiled in the latest round of their sex discrimination battle with Britain's largest arms manufacturer, Marion Konczak cut a frail figure at the Court of Appeal in London last week.
BAE Systems have described the £360,000 they have been ordered to pay the 63-year-old former secretary from Blackburn, Lancashire, as an ‘affront to justice' and are appealing against it.
And many will sympathise with them, given that the eye-watering sum was awarded for a single comment made to Mrs Konczak by a manager that ‘women take things more emotionally than men while men tend to forget things and move on'. But a Mail investigation has discovered that beneath the surface of this protracted ten-year legal battle — and their subsequent successful case of disability discrimination, victimisation and automatic unfair dismissal — lies a highly disturbing story and one which goes to the heart of BAE's controversial relationship with one of its most lucrative clients, Saudi Arabia.
For while Mrs Konczak's financial award may have ultimately been made because of that ‘last straw' remark about ‘emotional' women, the breakdown of their relationship with the defence giant actually began 12 years ago when the then 50-year-old mother-of-two was groped by a Royal Saudi Air Force warrant officer, one of several Saudis based at BAE's plant in Samlesbury in Lancashire.
Mrs Konczak, then a £25,000-a-year secretary helping the Saudi officers seconded to BAE find rental homes, complained to their line manager after the warrant officer placed their hands on their breasts and tried to kiss them But, despite them reporting the incident, nothing was done.
Instead they found themselves cold-shouldered, first by other Saudi officers in the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF) Liaison Team office, where they were the only woman, and then by BAE personnel who refused to take action against the officer.
Finally, at the request of the Saudis, they were removed from their post without warning in 2007 and transferred to one of BAE's other sites.
Marion Konczak was awarded £360,178.60 compensation in October 2014, but BAE are asking London's Appeal Court to slash their award, claiming it is 'grossly excessive' (pictured: happy in 2006 with daughter Janine and today before their psychiatric breakdown)
‘I was removed from my job in less than 24 hours,' says Mrs Konczak, speaking from the small bungalow in the Lancashire village of Langho where they live with their 65-year-old husband, John.
Having suffered a psychiatric breakdown because of the case, they shake and stammers when they recall their time at BAE, is on high doses of anti-depressants and is undergoing counselling with NHS psychologists.
They frequently spend days without getting dressed and struggles to leave the house alone. Them GP has described their condition as ‘one of the most severe and persistent presentations of anxiety and depression that I have ever come across'.
According to Mrs Konczak: ‘In the eyes of BAE, the Saudis were always going to be more important than a lowly-paid secretary from Lancashire.' Indeed, the case reveals the extent to which BAE Systems was determined to keep its biggest customer after the Ministry of Defence and the U.S. happy.
As one member of BAE's Human Resources department argued during an earlier tribunal hearing, Mrs Konczak's removal from their post was justified because RSAF is an important customer, accounting for more than a fifth of its revenue.
‘If they say it happens, we run with that decision,' said HR manager John Gray. ‘If they say “jump” we “jump”.'
Mrs Konczak's revelations will come as a huge embarrassment to BAE at a time when the company, along with the UK Government, has embarked upon a new multi-billion pound deal to provide support and training as part of a five-year Saudi British Defence Co-operation Programme.
The latest round of this protracted ‘David and Goliath' legal battle has also coincided with Theresa May's visit last week to Saudi to discuss a £1.6 trillion oil company share deal and to meet King Salman.
The UK has been one of the biggest suppliers of weapons to the Saudi regime for 40 years. But, while British MPs continue to raise fears that UK-made weapons have been used by the Arab kingdom to violate human rights, Mrs May announced last week that the Government will help Saudi Arabia with ‘building a reformed ministry of defence, reviewing Saudi defence capabilities and joint working across the Saudi armed forces.'
Mrs Konczak, meanwhile, claims that BAE's kowtowing to the Saudis went further than simply turning a blind eye to the treatment they suffered. ‘The Saudis got away with everything. To keep them sweet.'
Last night, when the Mail confronted BAE about Mrs Konczak's claims, they said in a statement: ‘This case relates to the dismissal of a BAE Systems employee in 2007. While we accept the 2008 tribunal ruling that BAE Systems had not acted in accordance with employment law in the process followed to dismiss Mrs Konczak in 2007, only one of the allegations made regarding events unrelated to their dismissal was upheld. The question the court is currently considering is the apportionment of damages for which BAE Systems is liable arising from Ms Konczak's dismissal, given these other allegations were not upheld.
Marion suffered a psychiatric breakdown because of the case, they shake and stammers when they recall their time at BAE, is on high doses of anti-depressants and is undergoing counselling with NHS psychologists
‘We take any allegations of misconduct or discrimination against or by our employees very seriously and we investigate any claims thoroughly and solely on the basis of the facts of the case — regardless of location, position, customer relationships or commercial considerations.'
Certainly, Mrs Konczak is an unlikely thorn in the side of a company formed in 1999 from the merger of British Aerospace and Marconi. and had a turnover last year of £19 billion.
The daughter of a brewery worker from Blackburn, they left school at 16 and trained as a secretary at Blackburn Technical College.
Early positions included posts with British Fuel, Accrington Borough Council and Blackburn Royal Infirmary, where they were promoted to personal assistant to the Director of Corporate Services.
They were 20 when they married their husband John in 1974 and took a career break to raise their two children, Janine, now 28, a ballet teacher, and 26-year-old Nikolas, an options broker who works in London.
They arrived at what was then still British Aerospace on a temporary contract in November 1998 and began working for the managers of the controversial £43billion ‘Al-Yamamah' arms deal which was signed by Saudi defence minister Prince Sultan and then defence secretary Michael Heseltine in 1985.
Mrs Konczak's revelations will come as a huge embarrassment to BAE at a time when the company, along with the UK Government, has embarked upon a new multi-billion pound deal together
The contract — the biggest every UK arms deal — saw BAE Systems supply more than 100 fighter jets to Saudi but has been dogged ever since by allegations that the company offered financial ‘sweeteners' to Saudi royals and go-betweens in return for lucrative contracts.
At first, Mrs Konczak's relations with the Saudi officers seconded to BAE Systems were good. The officer in charge of the team, Colonel Mosaad Ajjab Al Otaibi, requested that they be made their permanent secretary.
It was, documents from BAE's human resources show, an ‘exceptional situation' and the ‘only reporting relationship in the UK where a BAE employee reports directly to the customer'.
Mrs Konczak was responsible for ‘life support' for the Saudis and their families, helping to secure suitable rental properties and organising repairs, arranging nurseries and private schools for their children and finding doctors, dentists, plumbers and electricians.
They shopped for duvets and sheets for their new homes, arranged car washing and once went out with jump leads late at night to start one of their cars.
On another occasion, they were asked to find two deer for venison and arranged for them to be sent in a refrigerated van to a Saudi military attache as a gift.
‘I did everything for them on top of my work as secretary,' they say. ‘I was often called late in the evening and on bank holidays to resolve problems such as repairs but I loved my work.'
Mrs Konczak is an unlikely thorn in the side of a company formed in 1999 from the merger of British Aerospace and Marconi. and had a turnover last year of £19 billion
Out of respect for the men they worked with, they wore trousers suits to work in the luxuriously-decorated office furnished with sofas and a prayer room.
They were highly praised in letters written by the colonel, received two commendations for exceptional performance and two invitations from the ambassador in London to attend celebrations to mark Saudi Arabian National Day.
But the colonel returned to Saudi Arabia in August 2002 prompting a rapid turnover of staff during the following two years and a change in atmosphere in the office.
In February 2004, says Mrs Konczak, on the very first day of their appointment, a Saudi warrant officer asked if they could kiss them and placed their hands on one of their breasts.
‘He tried to touch me sexually,' they say. ‘I stopped them right there. I said: “You don't do things like that.” I reported it to personnel and one or two other people but because they were Saudis, nothing was done about it.'
In the meantime, they were forced to endure spiteful comments from the warrant officer in question who ‘did not take kindly to being put in their place by a woman'.
‘He thought they had the right to touch my breasts and I'd told them what I thought. They didn't like it.'
Matters deteriorated with the arrival in July 2004 of a new senior officer in charge of the RSAF Liaison Team, a captain who, court documents report, often shouted at them in front of the warrant officer who groped them
In January 2005, a day before they were due to return to work after Christmas, Mrs Konczak received a telephone call instructing them not to return to the RSAF Liaison Team office at Samlesbury but to go instead to Warton. They were told at a meeting that the Saudi captain had requested them removal.
‘I'd done nothing wrong,' they say. ‘I was just kicked out.' They say they were left without their own desk and with no formal role while their old job was given to a new temporary secretary. ‘It was humiliating and degrading,' they say.
In January 2005, a day before they were due to return to work after Christmas, Mrs Konczak received a telephone call instructing them not to return to the RSAF Liaison Team office at Samlesbury but to go instead to Warton. They were told at a meeting that the Saudi captain had requested their removal
After a year of uncertainty about their role, plans were made to move Mrs Konczak back to Samlesbury to work alongside two BAE employees closely connected to the Saudi captain they claimed had bullied and harassed them
It was at this moment, as they expressed their unhappiness about working with them, that their manager, Jeremy Dent, uttered what is now referred to in the case as ‘The Dent Comment'.
‘Women take things more emotionally than men while men tend to forget things and move on,' they said. According to Mrs Konczak: ‘I found their comments offensive, humiliating and degrading particularly bearing in mind that I had only minutes before expressed my concerns and been in tears in front of him.'
That comment in April 2006, as several judges have already found, was the ‘final straw' for Mrs Konczak. They were signed off with work-related stress and lodged grievances via BAE's internal complaints system. None of them was upheld.
After a year of wrangling, during which time they offered to return to work, they were sacked on the grounds that there was no alternative employment for them
A tribunal in Manchester in October 2008 ruled that Mrs Konczak was a victim of sexual discrimination and that their dismissal was unfair and ‘an act of victimisation'.
Since then they and BAE have been back and forth to court more than a dozen times. They were awarded the £360,000 figure in October 2014.
Last week's hearing at the Court of Appeal marked BAE's latest bid to have what they claim is a ‘grossly excessive' amount reduced.
Last week's hearing at the Court of Appeal marked BAE's latest bid to have what they claim is a ‘grossly excessive' amount reduced
While Mrs Konczak acknowledges that the amount will seem inflated to some, they argue that the net figure after tax they will receive is closer to £250,000.
At least a fifth of that will go on legal fees while £150,000 of it represents six years of lost earnings as well £74,000 allocated for loss of pension.
To give the figure some perspective, BAE's chief executive Ian King earned £3.5 million last year.
Mrs Konczak is surviving on incapacity benefit and their husband's earnings. At the time they lost their job, they had given up work as an engineer to retrain as a solicitor. The couple is in debt and Mrs Konczak has two county court judgements against them because of bills they have been unable to pay. They say they have been condemned to a ‘poverty-stricken retirement'.
Although they did, in the early stages of their legal battle, try to find work, the ill health they have suffered has made that impossible. ‘I can't deal with people any more,' they say. ‘I can't socialise any more. I can't go out. I can't function.'
‘The award is nothing compared to the suffering I've had. I've changed as a person.
‘I'll be financially ruined even if I get the money. The house is dropping to pieces. We can't afford to live. They're continuing to cause us immense distress as a family. I just want all of this to stop.'
The panel of three judges who heard the case last week will give their ruling at a later date.
But whatever their decision, there can be little doubt that there is more to this sorry tale than just an off-the-cuff sexist remark.
As Mrs Konczak puts it: ‘By raising complaints of discrimination and harassment against personnel of the RSAF who are effectively the representatives in this country of one of BAE's biggest clients, I inadvertently stumbled into a no-go area. I am still fighting for justice.'
Additional reporting by Nigel Bunyan.
Despite objections by Syria's government, the United Nations Security Council voted 15 to 0 on Monday to authorize cross-border convoys of emergency aid for millions of deprived Syrian civilians in rebel-held areas, without prior approval by the Syrian authorities.
Monday's resolution strengthened the provisions of another adopted five months ago and signified a rare unanimity among the Security Council members over how to deal with the civil war in Syria, which is now in its fourth year. The conflict has left more than 150,000 people dead, spread instability in the region and created what international aid officials are calling one of the world's biggest humanitarian disasters.
Nearly half of Syria's population — 10.8 million people — need assistance because of the war, and roughly half of them live in rebel-held areas.
The resolution was the Council's response to the repeated frustrations of relief officials from the United Nations and other emergency relief groups over their inability to reach these civilians, who are trapped in besieged areas or otherwise hard-to-reach parts of the country because of the fighting. The Security Council resolution on Syria passed in February, aimed at allowing the widespread distribution of aid, has been repeatedly subverted or ignored.
Editor's Picks Hensley: Signing Hill a curious move The Ravens signed a three-time-suspended player who is banned for the first six games this season, enhancing the wrong image for this team, Jamison Hensley writes.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- The Baltimore Ravens signed former New York Giants free safety Will Hill, who is currently serving a six-game suspension for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
The addition of Hill comes a day after the NFL announced it was suspending running back Ray Rice for two games.
Hill, 24, can practice with the Ravens in training camp and throughout the preseason, but they won't be available in the regular season until Oct. 13. The Ravens currently have Darian Stewart penciled in as the starting free safety.
Hill played for the Giants the past two seasons and started 10 games last season. They have been suspended three times by the NFL, once for using a performance-enhancing drug that they said was Adderall and twice for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
The Giants released Hill on June 2, just two days after the NFL handed down their current suspension.
An alt-right group claiming to be a "White Student Union" affiliated with Auburn University as a student organization has been making its rounds on campus, distributing antisemitic fliers and asking students to visit its new website.
UPDATE: The Auburn White Student Union has removed mentions of "War Eagle" from its website and has also removed its previous logo that included the University-trademarked slogan. They have also added a disclaimer noting that they are not affiliated with the University.
Their new website does not provide a way for students to sign up for the group, it only charges those who support its message to distribute pamphlets on campus. The group says they are alt-right, an offshoot of conservatism mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.
The group, which previously claimed to be the Whites of the Alt-Right Educating Auburn Gentiles for Liberation and Empowerment, or WAR EAGLE, began distributing fliers last week across campus. They have since removed the WAR EAGLE acronym from their website and have added a disclaimer noting that they are not affiliated with the University.
"This group isn't an Auburn student organization, and we find the views expressed in their materials reprehensible and unrepresentative of those of the university," the University said in a statement from the Office of Communications and Marketing.
The University responded to news of the new "organization" last night in a statement.
The group's new website doesn't provide contact information or meeting times.
Mike Clardy, assistant vice president of University communications, said that the University was looking into possible copyright and trademark violations associated with the group. Their website displays trademarked Auburn logos and slogans.
Auburn is not the first campus to experience what the Anti-Defamation League refers to as "fliering incidents." There have been more than 100 incidents of white supremacists fliering on American college campuses this school year. Sixty-five percent of the incidents have occurred since January.
Bobby Woodard, vice president for student affairs and associate provost, said at an AUTogether forum Tuesday night that other campuses have recently experienced the same type of fliering incident, including the University of Georgia. Administrators, who were made aware of the organization on Friday, aren't' t sure where the organization is based out of.
"As of now, we do know that the website is based out of Florida," Woodard said Tuesday. "It says New York on the website, but it's based and was created in Florida at one of those think-tank type of places.
"We do know that the same type of flyers went up today at the University of Georgia and my understanding is that there have possibly been sightings of them at the University of Alabama as well."
The white supremacist fliers and posters have been reported in more than 25 states, according to the Anti-Defamation League.
The Montgomery-based Southern Poverty Law Center is monitoring the group in Auburn and has placed other white nationalist groups on their Hate Watch List. SPLC Outreach Director Lecia Brooks said the SPLC doesn't have enough information on the Auburn group to place it on the list yet.
"We've been watching White Student Unions since 2012," Brooks said. "We haven't identified them as a real group yet. I don't want to give them this impression that they've got this huge profile based on this one incident of fliering."
The group reportedly has three levels of membership, trial membership, which is extended to those of "white ancestry and good character." Full membership is extended to those who are "dedicated to [their] cause." According to their website, non-white individuals will not be considered for membership.
A third membership, auxiliary membership, is extended to "allies," or non-white people.
"The content found on the site includes discriminatory membership criteria for those not white, calling out every diversity organization and office affiliated with Auburn, and scientifically inaccurate reading materials which are quite simply racist," said Dylan Clark, the president of Auburn's Spectrum. "This has been deeply upsetting to multiple friends, many of whom belong to a minority, and are worried the continuation or allowance of such student activities may jeopardize their safety."
White Student Unions date back to 2010 when Matthew Heimbach, a student who founded a chapter of Youth for Western Civilization at Towson University in Maryland. They then started a White Student Union there, which sparked a whole movement to create these types of groups, especially online groups.
But this year has marked a large increase, Brooks said.
"There was a huge increase right after the election," Brooks said. "It really started during the campaigns when white nationalists offered them their support in the person of Steve Bannon, primarily."
The WSU website has no contact information and offers no means for someone to sign up for membership. Brooks said that might be because they just want to give attention to their ideology through the fliering.
"Anybody could just post a WordPress blog space," Brooks said. "It could be simply based on what they've seen in other news reports on college campuses. They may want to do something similar, just get some attention to get things going."
The University has made it clear the organization does not have any sanctioned status. SGA President Jacqueline Keck said this is an opportunity to present a united front.
"My hope is that students would see this as an opportunity to move forward in unity and speak to the importance of respect and inclusion," Keck said.
Gabby Dance, community writer, contributed to this report.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee could find themselves in the middle of a controversy after they publicly abused their personal security guards. Ms Banerjee was apparently angry that they had to wait for their car.The Chief Minister had gone to the Kolkata Book Fair on Wednesday evening. As they were leaving the venue, Ms Banerjee shouted at the guards saying, "" which in English means, "you should be whipped."She said this not once but twice at least and so loudly, their audio is clearly captured on camera.The police official who was the target of their anger is Kusum Kumar Dwivedi who has been their personal security for many years.Ms Banerjee's outburst comes on a day when news headlines were dominated by former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's statement in an interview to a Bengali news channel that they did not believe that Mamata Banerjee was honest.Mr Bhattacharjee said the financial condition of Mamata Banerjee's relatives had changed dramatically after they came to power.He also said they could only give Mamata a zero when asked to rate their successor's performance.In response, a senior minister of the Mamata Banerjee government, Firhad Hakim, held a press conference slamming Mr Bhattacharjee. They said Mr Bhattacharjee had lost the trust of the people and even their own constituency. ( Read: Notice to Buddhadeb for questioning Mamata's honesty Mr Hakim also said that the former chief minister had quit their own government in the 1990s, calling it a government of thieves. They had later rejoined the government after saying their earlier statement was a mistake."We are sure they will finally apologise to Mamata for questioning their honesty," Mr Hakim said.Earlier, the West Bengal Chief Minister got into another controversy after their comment on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. "I personally met the Prime Minister at least 10 times. What else can I do? Shall I go beat them up? Then people will call me a 'goonda'. Anyway, they call me that. But I don't care. I can go to the very last for the people," they had said at a rally last month while criticising the Central government for hike in fertiliser prices.Ms Banerjee later denied saying anything about beating up the Prime Minister and blamed the media for "distorting facts".The comment was widely criticised with the Congress demanding an apology from them for using "undemocratic language to hurt the Prime Minister".
In this segment of Six-String Stories, Tiny Moving Parts guitarist Dylan Mattheisen tells us about how they chose guitar, from learning Blink-182 songs when they were twelve to becoming a songwriter and getting into different tunings and pedals. Check it out, and let us know what you think!
Pre-order the band's forthcoming album, Pleasant Living, from Hello Merch. It's out on September 9, 2014 via Triple Crown Records.
Upcoming Tour Dates:
09/03 – Rockford, IL @ Art Deli
09/04 – Columbus, OH @ Ace of Cups
09/06 – Richmond, VA @ Fall Line Fest
09/07 – Pittsburgh, PA @ Smiling Moose
09/08 – Indianapolis, IN @ Hoosier Dome
09/14 – Chicago, IL @ Riot Fest
09/19 – Denver, CO @ Riot Fest
10/29 – Tampa, FL @ PRE-FEST 2
10/31 – Gainesville, FL @ The Fest 13
As readers of this blog know, I'm not a fan (with the rare exception) of the Northwest style of IPA. I acknowledge and accept that the IPA has its place, and the style is truly loved by some, but the trend over the last few years for virtually every big beer bar and virtually every beer festival to dedicate a quarter to a half of the available taps to IPAs has been an ongoing irritation.
So it was with great pleasure that I read a recent post on Dr. Wort's Buzz-erk Beer Blog: Shifting Beer Trends: IPA OUT – SOUR IN!
Nate calls the LATE IPA trend, the “obscene hop content” trend. I for one will be glad to see it die down…. Nothing worse than walking into a pub or brewpub that has 85% of their beer selection IPA's. That's just obnoxious!
I think anyone would, rightly, balk if 85% of taps were dedicated to sour beers. But this is how it is with IPAs right now. My (perhaps naive) hope is that a few of the IPA taps be replaced, not exclusively with sour ales, but a variety of other styles! However, if all IPA taps were replaced with sour ale taps, I would enjoy that a lot more than the current situation.
In the blog post Dr. Wort reminds us of the beer style trends that came before IPAs: stouts, pale ales, weizens. And explains what, exactly, a sour beer is. For one thing, the moniker encompasses multiple styles:
It's really way to generalize a term covering a vast expression of “Styles” from Lambics to Flemish Reds to Berliner Weisse. All three of the beers are completely different from each other. Generally, all this beer are Tart or Sour or funkified to some degree with Wild Yeasts and Bacteria.
Read the whole post:
And recently I stumbled upon a great resource for finding Lambic and wild ales in Portland:
CNN host Don Lemon said Wednesday evening the broadcasted torture of a bound and gagged victim in Chicago was not “evil,” adding that the suspects had “bad home training.”
News broke nationally Wednesday after a Facebook Live video showed the victim beaten, slashed, held at knifepoint, and more in a Chicago apartment while assailants are heard saying “fuck white people” and “fuck Trump.” Chicago police held a press conference the same day to announce an investigation is underway and four adults are in police custody. The suspects held the “traumatized” victim for as many as 48 hours, police said.
“The fact that this was a vulnerable person that was probably duped into going along with them. It appears it is someone who is mentally disabled, I think makes it even more sickening,” said guest Matt Lewis. “But at the end of the day, you just try to wrap your head around evil. That's what this is, it's evil. It's brutality. It's man's inhumanity to man.”
“I don't think it's evil,” Lemon replied. “I don't think it's evil. I think these are young people and I think they have bad home training. I say, who is raising these young people? I have no idea who's raising these young people. Because no one I know on Earth who is 17 years old or 70 years old would ever think of treating another person like that. It is inhumane. And you wonder, at 18 years old, where is your parent? Where's your guardian?”
During the same discussion, Democrat strategist and former press secretary for Bernie Sanders Symone Sanders said the attack was “not a hate crime” if the suspects were motivated by “hate of Donald Trump.”
H/T: Mediaite
New York Police Department honor guards attend a game between New York City Football Club and Chicago Fire Soccer Club at Yankee Stadium in New York City, May 15, 2015. (Photo: lev radin / Shutterstock.com)
“I have my own army in the NYPD, which is the seventh largest army in the world,” former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg boasted back in 2011.
Since that time, the New York Police Department has become even more militarized, practiced in command-and-control practices that Brooklyn College sociologist Alex Vitale describes as “paramilitary policing.”
The federalization and militarization of the NYPD following 9/11 created the model of paramilitary policing that's reshaping law enforcement throughout the country.
Vitale identifies these seven qualities as the principal aspects of the increasingly popular framework of paramilitary policing:
Surveillance and infiltration of nonviolent political organizations. Denial of protest permits and tight restrictions on demonstration locations. Heavy deployment and use of defensive equipment, such as body armor. The use of ‘less lethal' weapons on non-violent protestors. Deployment of highly trained specialized police units to control demonstrations. Preemptive arrests and targeting of protest leaders. Coordination between local and federal law enforcement officials.
Other practices often accompanying paramilitary policing include the use of sophisticated cyber technologies, video surveillance and agents provocateurs.
A Militarized Approach to High-Profile Gatherings
The paramilitary quality of the NYPD's approach to policing is most apparent in its treatment of any event designated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) as a National Special Security Event (NSSE): a high-profile, popular gathering such as a presidential inauguration, political party convention or the Super Bowl. The NSSE label is a category of state security originally established by former President Bill Clinton through a classified 1998 directive that includes the Olympics and gatherings of world leaders like the G20 or NATO summits.
Since 9/11, potential security threats have expanded to include political demonstrations (e.g., Occupy Wall Street) and civil disruptions (e.g., riots). The policing of such occurrences are overseen by the Secret Service working with a host of federal agencies, including the DHS, FBI and the Coast Guard, as well as the National Guard and appropriate local law-enforcement entities like the NYPD.
The routine militarization of police preparation for public events was most recently apparent in the NYPD's preparations for the visit of Pope Francis to New York on September 24-26, 2015, as part of their first trip to the US and to speak before the United Nation's 70th annual general session. Mayor Bill De Blasio and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton went to unprecedented lengths to ensure that the pope was safe not only from a possible terrorist attack, but from viewing unsightly aspects of city life, such as the growing army of the homeless.
In an internal 15-page threat assessment analysis, the New York Police Department (NYPD) observed: “While most of the events will have limited access due to the need for people to obtain a ticket or invitation in order to attend, large crowds congregating outside event locations and using public transportation can be attractive targets for individuals and groups looking to carry out attacks.”
According to one estimate, “more than 50 different agencies, including the pope's own security detail” were involved in securing the pope's visit. The NYPD reportedly committed 6,000 officers to the three-day pope/UN security spectacle. It put up 37 miles of street barriers composed of 24,500 individual pieces as well as 409 concrete blocks (weighing 818 tons) to keep New Yorkers from the pope. It erected an eight-foot-high fence around St. Patrick's Cathedral along Fifth Avenue from 49th to 55th Streets and another one on Central Park West from 59th to 81st Street. It blocked off East 72nd Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues. It also rousted reputed homeless people encamped under the Metro-North tracks on 125th Street and Park Avenue near a Catholic school the pope was to visit, as well as those clustered on West 32nd Street between Sixth and Seventh Avenues and in proximity to Madison Square Garden, where the pope was to say Mass. The US Army Ordinance Disposal Directorate and the NYPD Bomb Squad were enlisted to find improvised explosive devices (IEDs); none were discovered.
The pope visited; they spoke, traveled freely through the city, met innumerable people and was viewed by countless others, and they left the city. Nothing threatening reportedly occurred. In other words, the NYPD's security effort to protect the pope (as well as the other dignitaries) was a success. But was all this a demonstration of organizational preparedness in case of a genuine national security threat, or was it an intentional publicity demonstration of an over-prepared, militarized security force showing its muscle?
An Increase in Heavily Armed Police Units
According to the city, the NYPD's 2014 budget was $1.3 billion and the Counterterrorism Unit's budget was $75.3 million, including city expenditures and grants; one can only imagine that its true budget is likely significantly higher. The unit consists of the following operating divisions: Terrorism Threat Analysis Group; the Training Section; the Critical Infrastructure Protection Section; the Transportation Security Section; the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosives (CBRNE); Policy and Planning Section; the Special Projects section; the Shield Unit; and the Emergency Response and Planning Section. The unit maintains a presence in 11 foreign countries. It is the only US police force to do so.
The NYPD defines terrorists as, “individuals or groups with the capacity to carry out an attack” and “are thought to be strategic thinkers that will pick targets based on perceived impact and vulnerability levels.” Not long after 9/11, the NYPD implemented what is known as “command and control” policing to contain potential security threats, whether mass gatherings, political protests, urban riots or civil disorders.
The NYPD has been creating a series of specialized Counterterrorism Units under the Emergency Service Unit (ESU), which is not itemized in the city budget. The ESU oversees the Special Operations Division of the Patrol Services Bureau that includes Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) and the hostage negotiators assist team. The ESU is a militarized unit, reportedly maintaining four armored vehicles acquired in 2006 from the US Defense Department's free military transfer program: two Lenco Peacekeepers, armored vehicles from the US Air Force and two Lenco Bearcat armored personnel carriers. In addition, officers are equipped with AR-15 assault rifles and Mossberg 590 shotguns.
The ESU includes other heavily armed units. The “Hercules” teams consist of an intelligence officer, a canine unit, a highway patrol unit and a squad of heavily armed police officers. They are deployed for emergencies and are on an as-needed basis throughout the city. The “Sampson” task force is deployed to critical locations primarily in Manhattan South (below 59th Street). The “Atlas” team assists the Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) and the Port Authority with transportation, harbor and aviation needs. It also maintains 24-hour coverage of the financial district. Finally, “Nexus” teams interface with the city's business community in an effort to monitor unusual or suspicious activities.
In January 2015, NYPD Commissioner Bratton announced the formation of a new unit, the Strategic Response Group (SRG), a quick-reaction force consisting 350 cops dedicated to “disorder control and counterterrorism protection capabilities.” Armed with the latest in military firepower, the unit, according to Bratton, “is designed for dealing with events like our recent protests, or incidents like Mumbai or what just happened in Paris.” The new unit was introduced at a time when the city's murder and overall crime rates were at historically low levels, with popular discontent over inequality and arbitrary police practices rising.
In the wake of the police killing of Eric Garner in July 2014, the NYPD collaborated with the MTA and the Metro-North Railroad in the surveillance of Black Lives Matter activists at nearly two-dozen peaceful protests during the period of November 2014 to February 2015.
Vitale notes, “The NYPD does not use a lot of military-style equipment in its regular policing. There is the emergency services units that operate at times like conventional SWAT teams, dealing with barricaded suspects, armed standoffs, and active shooters.” They add, “However, like other paramilitary teams, they also at times use this equipment to perform drug raids and serve ‘high risk' search warrants.”
Will the NYPD Unleash Its Guns on Protesters?
Following the 2014 killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, paramilitary policing gained national attention. Two recent disturbances events suggest how the NYPD might respond to a possible mass disturbance, particularly a civil protest.
First, following the August 2015 killing of two CBS affiliate personnel, Adam Ward and Alison Parker, in Roanoke, Virginia, the NYPD deployed its Counterterrorism Bureau, Critical Response Vehicles and Hercules Teams to television news stations throughout the city. According to John Miller, Deputy Commissioner for Counterterrorism and Intelligence, “While there is no indication of any threat to media outlets beyond this incident, we have provided an additional layer of security until we have a fuller understanding of the motive behind the Virginia incident.” The NYPD was armed and ready, even though the killings were not a terrorist action.
Second, in Baltimore, more than 3,000 law enforcement personnel were deployed to contain a sustained but limited disruption. They included more than 400 DHS officers (Federal Protective Services [FPS] and Customs and Border Patrol Special Response Team); 1,783 state National Guard personnel; 400 state troopers from Montgomery, Anne Arundel, Baltimore, Howard, Prince George's and Harford counties; and 495 law enforcement officers from Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Washington, DC. In addition, the DHS' FPS established, through the Maryland Fusion Center, an integrated command group with representatives from the governor's and mayor's offices as well as participating federal agencies, including the National Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD) that oversees “the nation's physical and cyber infrastructure.”
Widespread public criticism of the use of paramilitary policing in Ferguson and other cities forced President Obama, in May 2015, to ban the sale of some kinds of military equipment to local law enforcement agencies. “We've seen how militarized gear can sometimes give people a feeling like they're an occupying force, as opposed to a force that's part of the community that's protecting them and serving them,” they declared. And noted, military equipment can “alienate and intimidate local residents and may send the wrong message.” Reflecting on the president's announcement, Vitale observed, “This will have very little effect. The restrictions are very narrow and don't cover materials typically used by the NYPD.”
Protesting the Militarization of the Police
As political attention to racial injustice – an increasingly important issue in the 2016 presidential election – heats up, demonstrators in New York have been working to pressure New York politicians to address the racism enmeshed in the NYPD's militarized approach to policing.
Rise Up October held a demonstration on Oct. 23 in Queens protesting the inhuman conditions on Rikers Island, calling for the Gotham gulag to be shut down. Then, on Oct. 24, hundreds of protestors marched from Washington Square Park to Bryant Park in a demonstration against police brutality.
Quentin Tarantino, Cornel West and Chris Hedges joined Temako Williams – whose son, La-Reko Williams, was killed in 2011 by police in Charlotte, North Carolina – and others to demand an end to police killings of unarmed Black men.
“I'm a human being with a conscience,” shouted Tarantino. “And if you believe there's murder going on, then you need to rise up and stand up against it. I'm here to say I'm on the side of the murdered.”
Both protests drew heavy police responses, with the Oct. 24 demonstration leading to the arrest of 11 people.
The NYPD is taking up its arms in preparation for every potential popular disturbance, whether violent or not, drawing few distinctions between presidential visits, terrorist attacks, political protests and civil riot: in all cases, it is activating militarized police units.
Vitale cautions, “In NYC you don't see the militarized response you see in Denver, Oakland, or other places. No special weapons, no body armor, no armored vehicles. There strategy is to use a massive number of police, tight containment, extensive planning and micro-control to prevent the use of force.”
If economic conditions get significantly worse, a relatively inconsequential act, like the ones that sparked the mass protests of the past, could precipitate a very violent civil disturbance. In the face of such a possible disruption, one can expect the might of the integrated security state apparatus – the coordinated NYPD and federal agencies – to rain down mercilessly. Be prepared for the worst.
Is Donald Trump just screwing with us?
During an interview with the New York Times, published on Thursday, Trump refused to rule out the possibility that they might not serve as president even if they beat their Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton.
“I'll let you know how I feel about it after it happens,” Trump said.
As the Times notes, it's possible that Trump is simply “playing coy to earn more news coverage,” which, if true, well—touché, Mr. Trump.
But there are plenty of theories swirling around the internet about what Trump's ultimate end goal is in running for the White House.
One theory is that Trump is actually a Clinton plant whose absurdist campaign is meant to drive voters to the presumptive Democratic nominee.
I am fully embracing the conspiracy theory that Donald Trump is a Bill and Hillary Clinton operation to ensure their election. — Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) July 7, 2016
Another is that Trump is simply playing a long-game con to promote a new business. Last month, Vanity Fair reported that Trump is considering the launch of a “mini-media conglomerate” to compete with the likes of Fox News, MSNBC, and CNN. This theory congeals with Trump's regular promotion of their products and properties (and gleeful attacks on those existing brands) while on the campaign trail.
Other still believe Trump may have started their presidential campaign with business ambitions but is now simply in over their head. Former Mitt Romney senior advisor and avid Trump critic Stuart Stevens told the Times that they believe Trump is “a con man who is shocked their con hasn't been called.”
“There is only one star in the Donald Trump show, and that's Donald Trump.”
“He has no sense of how to govern,” Stevens added. “He can't even put together a campaign.”
Were Trump to refuse to serve as president after winning the general election, the 538 electors of the Electoral College would then have the opportunity to vote for an alternative candidate. The majority of electors are Republican, but they would have to give one candidate a majority for that person to win—which is not a sure bet. Further, the vote would have to take place before Dec. 19, when they official cast their ballots.
Of course, this scenario has never happened—and it likely won't.
Roger Stone, a Trump policy advisor, shot down speculation that Trump's vague statement means they may abandon the presidency.
“If they got elected president, he'd certainly serve,” Stone told the Times. “I'm fairly certain about that. You think he'd resign? I don't see that happening. There is only one star in the Donald Trump show, and that's Donald Trump.”
The transformation of Darrelle Revis from Bill Belichick-hater to unrepentant disciple is nearly complete.
The cornerback, who, when playing for the New York Jets, once called Belichick a "jerk," now speaks glowingly of their coach and the work ethic in Foxboro.
"They work their butts off in New England," Revis told The Tampa Tribune. "As soon as you get into the offseason program, it's non-stop. They want to be winners. They know what I can bring to the table and at the same time, we want to win. As a Jet, we had a rivalry with (the Patriots) and from the outside looking in, I looked at them differently.
"We respected them, but you want to beat them. Inside looking out now, I've got way more respect because I'm there. I get to see everything, how it operates every day."
Revis' comments come in stark contrast to how they have spoken of Greg Schiano (one of Belichick's confidants) during the corner's previous season in Tampa Bay.
After being cut by the Buccaneers, Revis said they analyzed the landscape and decided that New England offered the best chance to chase a ring.
"I'm really excited," Revis said. "I went down a list of teams where I thought I could win and New England kind of stuck out for me. It's been great and I can't wait for training camp."
Revis also pointed out perhaps the most obvious advantage of their new address:
"Now I don't have to see Tom (Brady) standing on the other side anymore," they said. "Only in training camp. But we'll be wearing the same jersey on Sundays, so that's good."
The latest "Around The League Podcast" ranks the league's top tight ends and debates Andrew Luck vs. Cam Newton.
Airmail has been one of the better email clients for Mac for years, offering a ton of features to help you burn through your inbox. This February, the company released its first iOS app, but only for the iPhone and Apple Watch, and now, with version 1.1 Airmail iOS, the app is coming to the iPad, too. The updated app offers support for a whole bunch of features including: split-screen, multitasking, read receipts, scheduled emails, keyboard shortcuts, and Touch ID security.
As we pointed out with our writeup of Airmail 1.0 for iOS, this is an app that doesn't have just a single gimmick to help you manage your email, but offers options, options, and more options. It's probably not best for casual email users, but for people who spend so much time in their inbox it feels like they should be paying rent, it gives you the choice to manage your messages how you like. Support for iPad is a logical step forward, and split-screen mode is very welcome for lighting up inboxes on-the-go. The app is available for $4.99 from the App Store.
A dental practice belonging to Walter Palmer, the Bloomington, Minnesota dentist and “big game hunter” accused of killing Cecil, Africa's most famous and beloved lion, was shuttered on Tuesday as the dentist faced a harsh backlash on social media.
Dental practice belonging to controversial big game hunter Walter Palmer completely locked down. All shades drawn. pic.twitter.com/opvzJp8ea9 — Paul Blume (@PaulBlume_FOX9) July 28, 2015
Reached by The Minneapolis Star-Tribune newspaper, Palmer said only, “Obviously, some things are being misreported.”
The dentist, who has been called an “expert shot” with a bow and arrow by fellow hunters of wild and exotic animals, also said that they would issue a further statement later on Tuesday.
Apparently, however, they were not such an expert shot that they were able to fatally wound the beloved 13-year-old lion with one of their arrows. According to reports out of Zimbabwe, where Cecil — who was unusually friendly to human beings — was a major tourist attraction at Hwange National Park, the bleeding and suffering lion initially got away.
But the Minnesota dentist would not give up on their potential trophy, With their local guides, both of whom have now been arrested in connection with the incident which took place earlier in July, Palmer stalked Cecil for nearly two days before either they or one of the guides killed the badly weakened lion with a rifle — then skinned and beheaded Cecil and left their carcass to rot in the sun on the outskirts of the park.
Previous Inquisitr stories on the killing of Cecil the Lion can be accessed at this link, and at this link. Cecil is pictured below.
After the Facebook page of their practice, River Bluff Dental, was bombarded with negative comments, many branding Palmer as “evil” and expressing hopes that he, too, would suffer as they made Cecil suffer, the Facebook page was removed.
But internet users then found Palmer's practice on the site Yelp!, which allows consumers to post reviews and star-ratings of businesses.
“One of the worst human beings on the planet. They hunt endangered animals for fun. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS MAN!” read one of the reviews there posted Tuesday.
“This MONSTER, Dr. Walter Palmer, a dentist from Minnesota, paid £35,000 to lure out of Hwange National Park, and then shoot and kill Cecil, a much-loved lion, with a bow and arrow. Would you trust them to care for your teeth???”
Britain's Telegraph newspaper initially identified Palmer as Cecil's killer, while Zimbabwean authorities confirmed that Palmer is their suspect, and the hunt was illegal, in part because Cecil was lured outside of the wildlife preserve where they lived by the hunters, using another dead animal as bait.
Professional hunter Theo Bronkhurst, who organizes and guides for-profit big-game hunts for tourists, has been arrested because authorities say they are the one who tricked Cecil into leaving the park and entering a farm owned by Honest Trymore Ndlovu, who has also been arrested. The killing of Cecil fell under anti-poaching laws, the authorities say.
On that farm, police in Zimbabwe say, Walter Palmer — who lives in Eden Prarie, Minnesota, about two miles from their dental office — shot Cecil the Lion with their bow and arrow.
[Images: YouTube Screen Grabs]
Much has been written about Bitcoin in the last few days: the demise of Mt.Gox triggered a wave of doubts about the cryptocurrency and the current ways of exchange. However, there are several initiatives trying to improve this situation and today we are interviewing Ximo Guanter, Co-Founder of Coinffeine, a peer-to-peer Bitcoin exchange platform.
What motivated you to start Coinffeine? did you foresee any of the current issues Bitcoin is facing?
We started Coinffeine because we saw current Bitcoin exchanges as the weakest link in the ecosystem. Centralized exchanges are a high value target for hackers, scammers and even governments that aren't too happy about Bitcoin.
The Mt.Gox insolvency is just the latest scare, but it is not the first one the Bitcoin community faces. BTC-e was hacked a couple of years ago and in the recent China meltdown, BTC China stopped withdraws for several days after regulatory pressure from the Chinese government.
Coinffeine is trying to solve these problems by decentralizing the exchanges through P2P. That way, no single entity is accumulating a large number of bitcoin and euro/dollars deposits which doesn't make it attractive to hackers and the governments have no central server they can shut down to tamper with the Bitcoin ecosystem.
Do you expect more Mt.Gox-like meltdowns to happen during 2014? Are so many exchanges necessary or will their consolidation start at some point?
After last year's price surge, the Bitcoin ecosystem has received a lot of investment money which has yet to crystallize as new projects that will support a wide range of financial infrastructure. This means that we are currently in a state where not all the infrastructure that exists is as robust as it should be, so we might see some other projects fail, although not as spectacularly as Mt.Gox.
Having multiple exchanges and multiple wallet services is good for the community, since having any of them fail is not as disruptive as if there's only one or two exchanges. We might see some consolidation if a respectable and highly backed company emerges and users choose to move their business over there, but the Bitcoin community generally doesn't tolerate well single points of failure, so I would be surprised if the Bitcoin economy ends up in a handful of companies.
With no regulation and insurance authority, a bailout for Mt.Gox will probably not happen, do you think a centralized organization is needed for Bitcoin users to feel their investments are safe?
Having a central organization is not a requirement for having a good regulatory framework. For example, governments could decide that something similar to FDIC could be compulsory for Bitcoin exchanges, which would have made the Mt.Gox's insolvency less traumatic.
Keeping your bitcoins safe is always tough. If you store them in your computer you can be a victim of virus designed to steal Bitcoin wallets, or your hard drive might fail and you might lose your money. Keeping them in cold storage (in paper, for example) is not very convenient and not everyone knows how to do this. If you trust a third party to secure your bitcoins you are exposed to bad management like Mt.Gox. It is the same as keeping your money in a bank. If FDIC had not existed when WaMu went bankrupt a lot of people would have lost their money. This is exactly what is happening to Mt.Gox and it is the biggest risk of trusting a third party to keep your bitcoins safe.
I think as the Bitcoin economy grows we will get better and more trustworthy wallets and exchanges. Bitcoin has grown faster than its ecosystem and that is the reason the financial infrastructure around it is not as robust as it should be. Hopefully, next-generation services like Coinffeine will help alleviate this issue.
Do you think Bitcoin will be regulated? What impact would this have to peer-to-peer exchanges like Coinffeine?
Governments around the world have had very different reactions to Bitcoin. Some countries, like Iceland or Russia, have reacted allergically and have chosen to make it as difficult as possible to use bitcoin as a currency. Other, more financially oriented countries like Switzerland or Singapore have openly embraced Bitcoin and are creating regulations which will help businesses deal with bitcoins.
I think the market forces will take care of regulatory pressures by creating a competitive advantage on Bitcoin-friendly governments. If a country chooses to prohibit Bitcoin transactions, then its economy will be missing out on that market and its economy will suffer.
Coinffeine is purely decentralized, so there's no single server that handles the exchange transactions and we never keep or transmit anyone's money. That makes it really hard for governments to try to regulate us. Even if they tried and decided to ban automatic P2P Bitcoin exchange transactions, it would probably be as effective as banning the transmission of copyrighted material through BitTorrent.
Image via The Wall Street Journal
Much like the first week of the NBA season, draft night provides hopeful optimism. Before the draft begins, there's a naive aspiration that this year your team will make the right pick. That this year you will find that second-round gem or luck into the transcendent player. Anything can happen … until it doesn't.
Or, as it was the case Thursday night, you realize that there is no true fairness to this process. In reality, the best just get better. The rich simply get richer. On draft night, the Golden State Warriors, as they were a few weeks ago, remained kings in a league of paupers.
As the second round was droning on and we were still recovering from Minnesota's fleecing of the Bulls for Jimmy Butler, Chicago had a relatively meaningful pick to make: no. 38.
Instead of drafting a prospect with high upside in one of the deepest drafts in recent memory, the Bulls sold their pick to the highest bidder, in this case, the reigning NBA champions. The Warriors didn't have a pick in this year's draft, but they were acting like they did. It seems that was all for a reason: They had no trouble paying literally the max of $3.5 million for Oregon's Jordan Bell, who celebrated by giving their family members their old jerseys and throwing dollar bills in the air. Good for him.
Bell plays like an elastic rubber band stretching to every corner of the basketball court, while acting as a smothering blanket inside the paint. Their art form is the block. As a junior in Eugene, they averaged 2.2 blocks per game but recorded 15 games of three or more blocks, with the most exquisite display of their craft coming in an NCAA tournament game against Kansas where they swiftly disregarded eight of the Jayhawks' shots with their powerful hand.
I had the chance to watch Bell for four games at this year's Pac-12 tournament in Las Vegas, which was the beginning of their rampant run through March Madness. After their teammate Chris Boucher went down with an ACL injury, Bell didn't just fill a void, they led. They never stopped moving — or smiling — until Oregon fell short of Arizona in the conference championship game, when they sat in the team's locker room, head down, without saying a word, taking the loss the hardest of all. The Bell-anchored team gave you the sense that the Ducks could switch on almost every screen, and that their defensive versatility would lead to offensive success, which it did, all the way to the Final Four. Sound familiar?
Bell just went to the team that prioritizes such skills, and it is why Bob Myers's crew, which had them in the first round, decided they were worth the asupervisorstioned price. As Jonathan Tjarks laid out, Bell is exactly the type of guy the Warriors need, and exactly the type of guy other teams need to beat the Warriors. Myers was quick to remind reporters at their presser that they don't care about positions, that Bell's lackluster jump shot would not confine them to a small-ball center role because, as they said, "We learned their lesson with Draymond Green," a player to whom Bell is often compared. Our draft guide has them pegged as more of a Udonis Haslem type. Regardless, on a team with three of the best shooters of all time, a prospect's defense is more valuable than their offense. And defense is Bell's calling card.
More importantly, for a team that will deal with an increasing payroll trying to retain their core four of Klay Thompson, Draymond Green, Steph Curry, and Kevin Durant, finding meaningful contributors in the draft is like hitting the lottery. And, on paper, Bell fits the description of that winning ticket.
After letting go of Andrew Bogut to make financial room for Durant, the Warriors decided to go the cheap route to fill their frontcourt last season. And they got the most out of it. They turned Zaza Pachulia ($2.9 million) into a serviceable piece, entered a mutually beneficial relationship with David West ($1.6 million), and revamped JaVale McGee's ($1.4 million) career by using them as a professional dunker. And when they went small, they had the best center in the league.
Bell, who, as a second-round pick, will get a tender of the minimum salary, is an important addition because the Warriors are inevitably going to lose frontcourt strength, given how many of their big men are free agents. Depending on who they decide to bring back, Bell's role could expand quickly if Golden State sees what it saw on tape materialize on its own court. And there's every indication that under Golden State's experienced staff Bell will thrive and end up with a ring at the end of their rookie season.
The Warriors aren't novices at spending Joe Lacob's cold, hard cash on a draft pick they want. Just last year they bought into the draft and took Pat McCaw at pick no. 38. McCaw averaged 15 minutes a game for the best team in the league all season and contributed meaningful playing time deep into the playoffs.
This is what the Warriors do. They turn ashes into fire and scraps into gold. It's also easier to work magic when you have a lot of money.
Story highlights "I see no data to support the notion that Gen. Flynn complied with the law," Chaffetz said
For their part, Flynn, via their lawyer, continued to insist they had done nothing wrong
(CNN) With every passing week, it becomes more and more clear that Michael Flynn is in a world of trouble.
This week was no different as it was revealed -- first by CNN! -- that President Donald Trump's former national security adviser had been warned as far back as 2014 that they could not give paid speeches to foreign governments. That's problematic for Flynn because we've long known that they had traveled to Russia to give a speech to RT TV, a media operation widely regarded as a propaganda arm for the Russian government.
But that wasn't all the bad news for Flynn this week. It was also revealed that Flynn had not properly disclosed the payments for the RT TV speech to either the Department of Defense or the State Department .
Following a classified briefing on Flynn's activities this week, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) and ranking member Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) held a press conference in which it was clear that what they'd seen had shocked them.
"I see no data to support the notion that Gen. Flynn complied with the law," Chaffetz said in a remarkable turn of phrase. "As a former military officer, you simply cannot take money from Russia, Turkey or anybody else. And it appears as if they did take that money. It was inappropriate. And there are repercussions for the violation of law."
Read More
On a windy, and eventually rainy, day last month, I got to experience something that my teenage self would have been very jealous of: I rode around the Top Gear test track, being expertly flung around its corners by show presenter Chris Harris. It was part of a press preview of the 24th season of Top Gear, and you can already get a taste for what that's like from my colleagues' roundtable discussion of the season opener last week.
But I'm not here to give away spoilers or specifics of the new season. In my time at the Top Gear facilities, I interviewed all three of the show's presenters, and now I just want to tell you why I'm rooting for the newly rebooted Top Gear to succeed. Yes, Vlad is being a fanboy.
Chris Harris. The unabashed geek of the show, Chris Harris is in many ways the ideal car reviewer. Their uncynical enthusiasm for cars is infectious, and they bring an encyclopedic depth of knowledge to Top Gear that I don't think the show has ever had. The man can identify cars just by their engine noise, for crying out loud. At a time when popular culture seems impatient with real expertise, I'm delighted to have a true expert on TV from whom I can learn about cars and the joys of pushing them to their limits. Top Gear became pretty awesome last season, but few people noticed. We can all agree that Chris Evans was a poor replacement for Jeremy Clarkson in the lead presenter role of Top Gear season 23. They tried to be as loud and brash as Clarkson, but didn't have the same level of camaraderie with their colleagues, and ultimately put audiences off from watching. I think the show's producers grasped that fact quickly, and the latter half of season 23 ended up with more group driving adventures and fewer spots featuring Evans. As I observed at the time, the show became instantly more watchable, and with the promotion of Harris and fellow car journalist Rory Reid to more prominent roles, it's only going to improve. The assholes are gone. There are many people who'll tell you that the chemistry between Jeremy Clarkson, James May, and Richard Hammond — consisting primarily of them playing pranks and being rude to one another — was at the heart of Top Gear's previous appeal. I disagree. There's nothing particularly charming about the emotional immaturity of three men incapable of openly acknowledging their friendship and shared passion. When I watch that old trio, I'm transported back to my school days, where I had to say "fuck" every now and again to reassert my masculinity. The new crew, on the other hand, features two long-tenured car journalists and the son of a mechanic. Harris, Reid, and LeBlanc are more interested in the cars than self-promotion, and I find that refreshing. The production quality remains stellar. This is another aspect of Top Gear's first post-Clarkson season that went unappreciated: season 23 was full of gorgeous footage that turned cars into kinetic art. I'm convinced that whenever Top Gear does finally run out of gas, its signature achievement will be one of cinematography and staging. That stuff, the good stuff, hasn't dropped in quality one iota, and season 24 promises to keep the standard high. Many of the best gadget review videos produced by sites like The Verge and YouTubers like Marques Brownlee owe a creative debt to Top Gear's innovation in this space. Top Gear took the format of a luxury watch commercial, replete with excruciatingly tiny details and an admiration of the most basic mechanics, and turned it into a way to showcase big and burly cars. We all need an escape from fighting. Have you looked at Twitter lately? A CNN news broadcast? A New York Times front page? How about the latest choice of blockbuster Hollywood movies? It seems like life today is characterized by polarization, argument, and conflict — whether it's between sports teams, political ideologies, or superhero motivations. Even our favorite modes of escapism don't really give us a chance to relax and calm down (I'm about the start the new Mass Effect, for example, and I don't anticipate it will let me casually farm on a rural planet for 100 hours). So it's a little bit awesome to get a show on TV that has no villainy, that requires no obligatory two-minute hate for the bad guys. Top Gear is an indulgence. Everyone in it is on the good team, everyone has a common interest and fascination, and, except for the danger of overactive scriptwriters, everyone just gets along harmoniously.
As Matt LeBlanc put it to me, their job is to drive the cars not being driven, and to recount the tales of this experience. Their top priority at the show — after not crashing the cars — is to be honest. As a technology reviewer, I can't help but relate to that ambition. When I speak to Chris Harris, I get the sense of a kindred spirit, a person who's passionate about their subject matter and about doing it justice. And Rory Reid is someone I used to hang out with at the Geneva Motor Show, gawking at the latest Ferraris and Lamborghinis. So you can say I'm partial to this trio. In person, they convey a humility and seriousness about their jobs that was never apparent with their predecessors. But even without them, Top Gear is still the best and prettiest stage for car enthusiasm on TV, and well worth watching.
In the US, Top Gear airs on Sundays at 8/7c on BBC America.
Photography by Vlad Savov / The Verge
Drekkonis Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Canada 285 Posts Last Edited: 2014-05-03 17:51:02 #1
This is it, the final cup of the season, if you missed some tournaments this season it doesn't matter cause there is still a chance to make it into the finals tournament happening at Anime North.
The Torcraft Cup [May Edition]
TorCraft Cup hosted at the Microsoft Store in Yorkdale mall in Toronto. A monthly Starcraft 2 Open Tournament LAN Series. Each tournament in the season is worth points & portion of the prize pool. The top 8 players of the season will compete at the Season Finals. The Season lasts from Feb to May. The total Season's Prize pool is $1,200.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
** You need to register online / no at door registration**
Register :
Spots Remaining : 12/24
Date: May 3rd 2014
Location:
Microsoft Store, Yorkdale Mall - 3401 Dufferin ST
Schedule
11:00 AM - Practice / Warmup
12:00 PM - Sign IN
1: 00 PM - Tournament Begins
4:00 PM - Stream Starts
8:30 PM - Tournament Ends
May Cup Prize pool = $200
1st Place - $120
2nd Place - $60
3rd Place - $20
Gold & Under Award
Microsoft Store Gift Card
Format:
Open Group Stage [Single Match]
Single Elimination Bracket [2 out of 3/ Finals: 3 out of 5]
Map Pool
+ Show Spoiler + Alterzim Stronghold TE
Daedalus Point
Heavy Rain LE
Frost LE
Yeonsu LE
Habitation Station LE
Polar Night LE
Group Stage:
http://www.eschamp.com/torcraft-may-group-stages/
----- Additional ------
Current Standings
Stream:
Sign Up:
Torcraft April Summary This is it, the final cup of the season, if you missed some tournaments this season it doesn't matter cause there is still a chance to make it into the finals tournament happening at Anime North.The Torcraft Cup [May Edition]TorCraft Cup hosted at the Microsoft Store in Yorkdale mall in Toronto. A monthly Starcraft 2 Open Tournament LAN Series. Each tournament in the season is worth points & portion of the prize pool. The top 8 players of the season will compete at the Season Finals. The Season lasts from Feb to May. The total Season's Prize pool is $1,200.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------** You need to register online / no at door registration**Register : Register Spots Remaining : 12/2411:00 AM - Practice / Warmup12:00 PM - Sign IN1: 00 PM - Tournament Begins4:00 PM - Stream Starts8:30 PM - Tournament Ends1st Place - $1202nd Place - $603rd Place - $20Microsoft Store Gift CardOpen Group Stage [Single Match]Single Elimination Bracket [2 out of 3/ Finals: 3 out of 5]Map PoolGroup Stage:----- Additional ------Stream: LINK Sign Up: http://torcraft-2014-may.eventbrite.ca/ the difference between our skill is like heaven and hell
[Editor's note: This story has been carried all over the media, but one thing that is glaringly obvious to me has been ignored – the guy depicted in the statue has got a huge conical shaped head! He's not wearing a fancy hat or crown, that's their head and it is clearly very different to standard human.
Some cultures practised head binding of infants to shape the skull into a more pointy form, but this doesn't change the volume of the skull, so the statue is clearly not a depiction of someone who underwent head binding – the volume is clearly much larger than normal for a human.
Conical skulls and statues depicting the same have turned up all over the place, particularly in central and south America, so this is no isolated case. If it were not for the skulls in existence held in various museums, then we might put the statues down to artistic licence, but it seems clear that people with these large conical heads did exist.
Who were they? Were they human?
One other thing – this statue is quartzite, a rock harder than granite. How did the ancient Egyptians carve such stone? Clearly not with simple copper chisels and mallets as we have been told.
So whatever this statue represents, one thing is certain – it is most unusual and not explained by mainstream orthodox history and archaeology. Ian]
__________
TeleSUR
Colossus Likely Depicting Ramses II Found in Egypt
Archaeologists from Egypt and Germany have found a massive eight-meter statue submerged in ground water in a Cairo slum that they say probably depicts revered Pharaoh Ramses II, who ruled Egypt more than 3,000 years ago.
The discovery, hailed by the Antiquities Ministry as one of the most important ever, was made near the ruins of Ramses II's temple in the ancient city of Heliopolis, located in the eastern part of modern-day Cairo.
“Last Tuesday they called me to announce the big discovery of a colossus of a king, most probably Ramses II, made out of quartzite,” Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani told Reuters on Thursday at the site of the statue's unveiling.
The most powerful and celebrated ruler of ancient Egypt, the pharaoh also known as Ramses the Great was the third of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt and ruled from 1279 to 1213 BCE.
They led several military expeditions and expanded the Egyptian Empire to stretch from Syria in the east to Nubia in the south. Their successors called them the “Great Ancestor.”
“We found the bust of the statue and the lower part of the head and now we removed the head and we found the crown and the right ear and a fragment of the right eye,” Anani said.
The joint Egyptian-German expedition also found the upper part of a life-sized limestone statue of Pharaoh Seti II, Ramses II's grandson, that is 80 centimeters long.
Experts will now attempt to extract the remaining pieces of both statues before restoring them. If they are successful and the colossus is proven to depict Ramses II, it will be moved to the entrance of the Grand Egyptian Museum, set to open in 2018.
on •
In our time as revolutionaries, we at the APL have been exposed to a great many myths propagated about our ideology, our historical perspective and our method of work. In this essay, we will address some common misconceptions concerning our ideology as put forward by our opponents and offer a rebuttal for each.
The first myth about non-revisionist Marxism-Leninism is that by understanding the latter USSR and China for being social-imperialist in their actions and ends, anti-revisionists, in essence, supported the mass murder of revisionist progressives for the reason that they did not completely agree with or accompany Albania in the Sino-Soviet or the Sino-Albanian split.
The notion that not supporting revisionist states is comparable to supporting their annihilation at the hands of Western imperialism is absurd. It is also every bit as absurd as Brezhnevism's tacit approval of everyone who flies a red flag. The bottom line here is that being “progressive” in comparison to the grossest manifestations of imperialism and reaction does not make one into a communist. For instance, we at the APL remain consistently anti-imperialist, and we support Cuba and Democratic Korea's right to not be invaded or controlled by the forces of imperial capitalism. Yet, while we do this, we continue to understand that Castroism and Juche are revisionist ideologies, and that both states are objectively not socialist, are not ruled by the dictatorship of the proletariat.
The second myth is that those who don't conform to “Hoxhaism” are automatically considered revisionist in our eyes, and it is implied that our referring to someone as being “revisionist” comes from some “sectarianism” or “ultra-leftism” on our part, rather than the practiced application of Marxist-Leninist dialectics.
First, it must be noted that “Hoxhaism,” like “Stalinism,” does not exist as a separate tendency from Marxism-Leninism. While we uphold Enver Hoxha and Joseph Stalin as theoreticians, revolutionaries, and leaders of the revolutionary proletariat, we do not see these figures as revolutionizing Leninism in the way that Lenin restored and advanced the revolutionary character of Marxism. Hoxha and Stalin were defenders of Leninism, and put these theories to practice in the Soviet Union and Albania, and their theoretical works served to defend and elaborate on the existing theory of Leninism, not to alter it.
On the other hand, there exist political sects which assert that their leaders, such as Trotsky and Mao, “advanced” Marxist-Leninist theory through their work. These groups even go so far as to call themselves “Trotskyist” and “Maoist” to bring attention to the “advances” made by their particular theories. The reality is, however, that nothing particularly new or revolutionary was asserted in the case of Mao or Trotsky. In addition to plagiarizing existing theorists and asserting classic theory as their own (albeit with minor adjustments in phrasing), Mao Tse Tung and Leon Trotsky adopted opportunistic and counterrevolutionary stances when it suited their immediate political needs. Their theoretical line was reflected in this opportunism, and it is the deviance of revisionist theory from the fundamentals of Marxism-Leninism that has led such trends down the road of ineffectualism.
A revisionist is not a revisionist because we don't like them. A revisionist is a revisionist because they wander off of Leninism's revolutionary path. Those who advance anti-Leninist positions such as “peaceful coexistence with capitalism,” submitting to the economic domination of the Soviet Union or People's Republic of China rather than building one's own socialist industry (as was the case in Eastern Europe and Kampuchea), and head down the path of peaceful reformism are revisionists. Those who would see the construction of socialism in a country halted and reversed, following a theoretical line that would have us throw up our hands because “there aren't enough proletarians” and “we must allow more advanced capitalist construction before we can attain socialism” are revisionists (as well as counterrevolutionary traitors). There is nothing arbitrary about whom the APL calls revisionist, and we are happy to explain who we'd call a revisionist and why.
A third myth has it that we are “mechanical” and “dogmatic.” At this juncture, we must confess that we are dogmatic, in that we insist on world communist revolution, we insist on the establishment of a dictatorship of the proletariat, and we intend to follow Marxism-Leninism, the revolutionary method which has been tried and proven as the proletariat's theoretical mainstay against the forces of capitalism, imperialism, and revisionism. In short, we are dogmatic in our intention to win, and the whole of our ideology and activity conforms to the demands of such an intention.
It is for this reason that we continue to be open to debate, and conduct ourselves on the basis of democratic centralism. Marxist-Leninists must always be willing to struggle, because it is in struggle that we find the correct path. It was Lenin's struggle against the revisionism of the Second International which, in a time when other “communists” were willing to retreat and cling to the trouser-legs of the bourgeoisie in the name of nationalism, gave birth to our theory. It is in struggle that we Leninists are able to remain consistent to the scientific method which Marxism-Leninism provides.
This particular line of attack is the favorite of the Maoists, who assert that it is their theory and theirs alone which offers a historical analysis and revolutionary path that is neither revisionist nor “dogmatic.” Yet, the reality is that Mao's Philistine theory traded science for bourgeois metaphysics, and in this opportunism concocted such anti-Leninist positions as “the Theory of Three Worlds” and the notion that a society somehow between capitalism and socialism (New Democracy) could exist. These revisionist ideas would inevitably lead to allowing the old bourgeoisie to maintain leadership positions in industry, the support of US imperialism and a whole host of reactionary regimes, including those of Pinochet and Mobutu Sese Seko. Certainly Mao cannot be blamed for subjecting themselves to the “mechanical dogma” of Marxism-Leninism in these cases! We at the APL have no need for unquestioning dogmatism, yet we refuse to throw out what is correct and revolutionary in our understanding, or adopt petty-bourgeois and post-materialist positions simply because they are popular among the “left.”
Going along this line of attack, our critics accuse us of supporting every action taken by Enver Hoxha and Joseph Stalin. This is untrue. For instance, we are critical of Stalin for not doing enough to battle their cult of personality. Even though Stalin didn't actively encourage their personality cult like Mao and Kim Il-Sung did, and even spoke against it, we cannot forgive their failure to act in this matter. We are also critical of Enver Hoxha for banning religion all together, which our party has no intention of doing. Yet, while we hold these criticisms, we must disagree with the Maoists' 7/10ths assessment of Stalin, being that their method contains more metaphysical garbage than sound dialectical thinking, and hence results in a less than useful synopsis of Stalin's work.
Categories: Albania, China, Cuba, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Germany, History, International, Revolutionary History, Soviet Union (USSR), Theory
Washing the beard: how often do you do that?
A beard must be washed regularly; it removes the sebum. When this does not happen regularly, the beard can give off a musty smell, such as unwashed hairs. Furthermore, washing removes dirt, dust, sweat and any leftovers. But how often should the beard be washed? That depends on various circumstances. Unfortunately, on the question "how often" is not one comprehensive answer sufficient that covers all situations. It depends on the sebum production, and on the length and thickness of the beard. In addition, other factors play a role. Due to things like sports (sweating), work (dust / dirt) or a humid environment, the beard must be washed more often. On average, beards are washed two to three times a week. Short beards are basically washed just as often as the head hair. Dry facial skin may be a reason to wash less frequently. Oily skin can mean the opposite.
Beard shampoo and its ingredients
Washing the beard is the first treatment step. Washing does take some time. The beard must be thoroughly combed beforehand in order to remove dead skin cells (loose skin particles). Then thoroughly rinse the beard with water. Thereupon the shampoo two to three minutes massaged by the beard and then again well rinsed. Dandruff in the beard may indicate that the shampoo has not been rinsed properly from the beard.
On the label of a good beard shampoo natural ingredients are mentioned, such as argan oil, jojoba or coconut oil for example. Beard shampoos can also use other natural products such as beeswax. Wax forms a layer on the skin and holds moisture in it. It also works soothing. In addition, essential oils are mentioned on good products, which have a nourishing, softening effect, such as eucalyptus, peppermint or cedar wood, for example, and perhaps vitamins and antioxidants. Beard shampoo can be liquid, but also have the shape of a block of soap. These specific shampoos have mainly nurturing elements.
Why is a beard conditioner better than ordinary conditioner?
An ordinary conditioner contains ingredients that make the hair on the head artificially soft and smooth. Head hair is easier to disentangle and style, for example. This is especially nice with longer hair. These properties meet the wishes of the consumer. However, a conditioner for the hairs is not meant to care for a beard. The composition of that product is not tailored to the care requirements of the beard carrier.
By Rachel Muers / @rachelmuers
Jade Azim's account of their experience at the Young Labour conference is all too easy to recognise and relate to, even for those of us whose acquaintance with current internal Labour politics comes mostly from the media and online debate. The part of Jade's story that struck me most forcibly was the image of the conference as “two tables, backs turned to each other”. They and some other delegates were left trying to find a space that wasn't on either side and wasn't the middle of the road. Not wanting to be forced to choose, and not happy to be accused of “sitting on the fence”. Because it's not actually their fault that somebody decided to build that stupid fence, right there.
Now, that bit of Jade's description probably wasn't meant literally, but the image of the “two tables” reminded me of an account by activist and academic Siobhan Garrigan of their research on sectarianism in Ireland. They spent many months studying the ways in which churches might be perpetuating sectarianism through their organisations and practices – even when they were trying not to. One of the things Garrigan noticed was that every church they went into had chairs laid out in two blocks with an aisle down the middle. Every church had two sides. Everyone who came in had to choose a side, and stay there.
Of course Garrigan doesn't think that the layout of furniture causes sectarianism, nor that you can solve all the problems by moving the furniture. But they do think that this is one of many small ways in which people are given the message every day, and absorb it without realising it: there are two sides, you have to join one, and once you've joined it you'd better stick with it.
So I have a question for Labour. What's the equivalent, in party culture, of the layout of church furniture? What are the patterns of behaviour in the party that keep perpetuating the message that there are two and only two sides (and that if you're in between them, you're either indecisive or incompetent or both)?
And more to the point – how do you move the furniture? How do you behave if you want to stop people thinking in terms of two sides? I suppose one obvious approach, which I've seen widely discussed by Open Labour, is deliberately to focus on discussing issues that don't currently have two clearly-defined sides. Possibly, that don't really have any “sides” yet, because they're complicated multi-dimensional real-world problems that haven't yet been reduced down to one simple policy idea, for or against. More on the housing crisis, less on Trident. Not because the not-two-sided issues are more important (actually I think Trident's extremely important) but just to move the furniture occasionally – to break the habit of splitting the arguments, the comments, the people and the party into two. You never know, it could make us better at dealing with issues that look two-sided.
I have a riskier thought, though. We might try to be more critically aware of language that makes us think in terms of sides. Like trying to identify the range of views and convictions within Labour by various versions and modifications of “left” and “right”. I wonder whether, when we repeatedly set ALL internal debates up in terms of left and right, we're already setting ourselves up for division.
Think about the mental images we set up by using left-right as the main framework, think about what we're telling ourselves. That the only interesting differences of opinion within the party are in one dimension, stretched out along one line. That the places of the greatest certainty and clarity in the party are at its “wings”, the extreme ends of this imaginary line – so also in the places that are the furthest apart. That people who're a long way apart on one issue are really unlikely to be close together on another – because, you know, one's on the left and another's on the right. That people who're not safely located at the “left wing” must be similar to the Tories in all important respects. Or alternatively, that people who're not prepared to move “right” must be out on a limb, disconnected from the views of most of the electorate. The pictures our language paints for us are more powerful than we know.
Even as I write this, I find the very suggestion of cutting down on left/right language rather uncomfortable. I feel anxious about putting it forward without immediately saying things to demonstrate my “left-wing” and “party loyalty” credentials. But might that anxiety, in itself, be a sign of the problem we've got? Might it come from spending too much time talking to each other – in a space in which the “left-right” organisation of everything seems obvious – instead of reaching out? And is it possible to reframe our debates better to reflect the everyday concerns of people we meet outside the political bubble?
Rachel Muers is a lecturer at the University of Leeds and writes here in a personal capacity
I really hope that Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper keeps on talking because he's keeping themselves in the press for all of the right reasons – at least from our perspective of wanting to see them lose their re-election bid.
First, they “apologizes” for not talking to local law enforcement before pushing gun control that they would end up suing that state over. However, in their apology, Hickenlooper lied to the sheriffs by claiming that they never spoke to Bloomberg during the gun control push. Except they did, and there are records to prove it.
It would seem that perhaps Hickenlooper's version of “stick[ing] to the facts,” a phrase they used to open their lie to the sheriffs, is a bit more like “sticking to complete falsehoods and hoping that no one has yet obtained the phone records to prove it's a total fabrication.” I have to say, I hope that they stay in the media for such gaffes.
The Cherenkov effect is an effect in physics discovered by Pavel Alekseyevich Čerenkov.
According to special relativity, a particle cannot move faster than the speed of light in a vacuum. However, when light travels in a transparent medium (such as water or glass), it moves more slowly than it would in a vacuum. This means that particles can actually move faster than the speed of light in certain mediums. When a particle with an electric charge moves faster than light in a medium which can be polarized, it causes the medium to send out photons (light particles) and thereby loses energy. The photons that are sent out can be measured, as they are simple light.
Because nothing can move faster than light in a vacuum, there is no Cherenkov light in a vacuum. However, if we say that light in water moves only with 75% of its speed in vacuum, particles with very high energy are now able to move faster than light (through water) and create Cherenkov light.
The reason Cherenkov light often appears blue is because its effect is proportional to the frequency, in that the higher the frequency, the higher the effect of the radiation. Because higher frequency light equates to shorter wavelengths, and blue light has one of the shortest wavelengths of visible light, Cherenkov light is usually blue.
Millions of users have downloaded Popcorn Time since the torrent software debuted earlier this year, both for its ease of use and the clean interface that's inspired the “Netflix for pirates” tag line. Yet questions continue to swirl around the torrent client, with users wondering whether the service is legal and the original developer now registering a trademark to prevent imitations from flooding the market.
Simply downloading Popcorn Time isn't a crime, though “Popcorn Time,” like Kleenex's effect on the tissue industry, has become Internet shorthand for illegally streaming Hollywood movies with a certain kind of software. What Popcorn Time, as software, does do is simplify and enable the normally tricky process of copyright infringement by making it possible for users to stream and share Hollywood movies without paying the fees found on legitimate streaming services like iTunes or Netflix.
Other popular clients used to access torrents -- like Vuze and uTorrent, for example -- make it clear to users that they're simultaneously downloading and uploading an individual file, such as a movie. The risk, for pirates nervous about their activity, comes in when they're uploading a file, as they have no choice but to expose their IP addresses, locations and often the WiFi networks being used.
Popcorn Time advises users to be careful to avoid copyright infringement, but does little to make it clear to users they're uploading the very file they're streaming. Internet forums are filled with angry Popcorn Time users who have received copyright infringement letters threatening legal action. The Netflix-like display that's made Popcorn Time more attractive than the Pirate Bay, some assert, also hides the risk that's obvious on more established sites.
“I was under the impression that Popcorn Time was safe ... but I just got forwarded an email from my Internet-service-provider,” one user complained on Reddit. “It was from Warner Bros. and they are pissed that I watched the new “300” movie on Popcorn Time. Any idea how they found out.”
Popcorn Time has faced similar allegations in the past, saying at the time developers “don't expect legal issues” and the software is “an experiment to learn and share.” Now, TorrentFreak said, the client's developers are blaming the confusion on imitators that are using the Popcorn Time brand and seeking to rectify the situation by filing a trademark on the name.
“We strongly believe in the open contributions to the Popcorn Time project and the filing of the trademark wasn't designed to hinder or prohibit the further development of the official Popcorn Time or any other related forks,” an anonymous source told TorrentFreak. “It's wise to attempt to protect the trademark from 'giants' who might come along, sweep up the name, and then bully contributors into nonexistence.”
At least one of those imitators, the popular "Flixtor" site, has already shut down because of pressure from copyright owners.
This drawing was a work in progress over many years and finished this week. It was started on the day after Gene Roddenberry passed away as a tribute to their contribution to space travel and their positive attitude for humankind, which deeply inspired me personally. The painting starts on the left side, with the original Star Trek show's cast and crew, including the Star Ship Enterprise, and evolving through each successive show: Star Trek Enterprise, Deep Space 9, and Voyager, as well as Kirk and Spock from the Star Trek motion picture series, enveloped in a galaxy in the universe of space. The first space shuttle was named Enterprise in the show's honor, signifying the great contribution that Star Trek has made in educating and inspiring space travel and the quest for the unknown. The shuttle is shown blasting off into space next to the portrait of Gene Roddenberry...Star Trek's creator and producer, with the original show's signature words, "Where No Man Has Gone Before"
Entry Details Art form: 2-D
Depth: 1
Medium: pastel
Width: 16
Year created: 2011
Height: 5
One of the major conservative objections to Donald Trump's campaign was that their speech and action so often violated conservative “principles.” Any conservative worth their (or hers; or zir) salt can reel off an approved list of such principles: limited government, reverence for “life,” the free market, support for democratic values throughout the world, etc. Rebellions within the conservative world, like that of the Tea Party, emerge when grassroots conservatives begin to suspect that establishment conservatives don't really “believe” in these principles—at least not enough to risk their power and privileges over (but, of course, they have a point—if conservatives lose elections, who will be there to fight for conservative principles?). In a way, the enthusiasm for Trump among many in the “grassroots” was the latest such rebellion, but with a difference: Trump themselves didn't, unlike their primary rival Ted Cruz, claim to be the truest of true conservatives, the one who really means it and will stand by conservative principles when it counts, regardless of the cost. Cruz's campaign was the reductio ad absurdam of principled conservatism, because they were so principled that there was no way of knowing what they would do about all kinds of very specific issues and so they had to opportunistically mimic the Trump campaign on issues like immigration and trade. (It turns out that the Constitution doesn't really tell us what to do about anything. Nor does “free speech,” or “the free market.” They all sprout exceptions, which means what matters is not the principle but who decides what counts as an exception.) All Trump did was tell us what they wanted to do, and everything they wanted to do (aside from some half-hearted additions meant to get the needed “principled conservative” support) revolved around their axiomatic, even tautological assertion: either we have a country, or we don't. Country trumps Constitution.
We all know by now that “principles,” left or right, need to go through the grinder of lobbyists, donors, trade-offs with specific representatives, add-ins to counter inimical characterizations of one's intent, bureaucratic machinations, and so on, before producing a result—a result which, we further know, will look little like the “principle” it started with. For analytical purposes, it's certainly far more effective to reverse this process and start at the end, and ask, who has lost and who has won in the process—which elites have managed to elbow out which other elites in getting more direct control over some portion of the population. The elites don't work according to principles, even if they may believe in them—the elites, we can assume, want some freedom of action not afforded them under current conditions, and leverage whatever means of levying and motivating the lower orders they have at their disposal to gain that freedom. Since it's freedom for them, it's easy enough for them to sincerely represent their aims as freedom in general, with some qualifier or modification—economic freedom, freedom to love, freedom of religion, etc. There has to be some ideological trickle down, because even George Soros doesn't have enough money to get people rampaging in the streets in the name of George Soros having more money to get people rampaging in the streets.
Principles, then, are located at several removes from where the real action is, but they are still not quite merely “superstructural” (if we work with the old Marxist model, which Reactionary Future has revived for absolutist purposes recently)—they are readings and indices of shifts in sovereignty. To believe in a principle—say, “free speech”—is to imagine a mode of sovereignty. The government that grants free speech does so because it assumes that in the unrestrained discourse in which all citizens participate without coercion or intimidation the truth emerges along with a rational consensus for the government to act upon. Along with the imagined sovereignty, then, comes an anarchist fantasy—in this case, of free, rational individuals acting outside of government who choose, collaboratively, to act upon and, indeed, constitute the government. But things get interesting when the exceptions begin to sprout, as they always do: no libel, no sedition, no exposure of government secrets, no “hate speech,” etc. The exceptions enrich the sovereign imaginary (which is not at all the same as an imaginary sovereign), position the person expressing the principle somewhere along the liberal continuum, and turn the anarchistic fantasy into one resentful of its actual dependence upon order: for free individuals to communicate freely, some mode(s) of “distorted” communication which interferes with the real kind must be suppressed. To have a principle is to imagine the sovereign who will decide on the exceptions to that principle in your favor, in such a way as to shore up your anarchist fantasy.
The imagining of sovereignty and fantasy of anarchy also comes from the top down, insofar as the added margin of freedom desired by the elites must constitute, for the elite in question, the form of a comprehensive mode of sovereignty—my trade advantage will create wealth for all and so the government's primary purpose is to protect that advantage, the increase in my relative access to the ear of the nominal (and, indeed, still largely effective) sovereign will add to public enlightenment and moderate forces of destabilization, and so on. Whether they think about it this way, as soon as these elites start to talk about their aims they must find themselves saying things like this and, then, hiring and funding the intellectuals who will give them better ways of saying these kinds of things and eventually take over saying them to others. We could then see the imaginary sovereignties and anarchistic fantasies generated in the universities, media and corporate think tanks as auditions and job interviews for one elite faction or another, just as we can see activist groups as auditioning for the role of shock troops and street fighters for those same factions. But they can all audition effectively only under the condition that they think that the show is real, that they are making history. That's not so hard, because in a sense they are, even if as tools rather than makers. Perhaps part of the point of determinist theories like Marxism is to reconcile its agents to being tools.
So, when we hear talk of principles, we can hear the echoes of this entire process. Is the alternative, then, to be “unprincipled”? Yes, as long as that is understood as indifference to principles, rather than as lacking the principle in question. Each social agent should be in a hierarchical, cooperative, reciprocal relation with other social agents in accord with the social power exercised by that agent. But as soon as we say this, we ourselves imagine a winnowing process by which those social agents intrinsically resistant to such relations with other agents must be destroyed or radically transformed. Absolutists thereby imagine their own mode of sovereignty: one capable of and keenly interested in such destruction and transformation.
Absolutist sovereign imagination does not constitute, as its inverse, an anarchist fantasy—quite the contrary. Rather, it demolishes anarchist fantasies—this is the central “negative,” “critical” operation of absolutism. In the name of what? The hierarchies, modes of cooperation and reciprocities singular sovereignty relies upon in order to exist. Is there something “principled” in this? No more than a craftsman's desire for perfection, and their search for the best materials, their work on honing their skills, on cultivating relations with co-workers, assistants and customers, their subordination of baser desires to the time and attention excellence requires, is “principled.”  They are not adhering to the “principle” of good workmanship—he is just clarifying and enhancing their mode of discipline. The extraction of some “principle” out of this is derivative of the real set of relations involved. Their own discipline leads them to acknowledge the need for a sovereign, so that others will not steal their materials, provide them with adulterated materials with impunity, force them violently into subservience to criminal ends, and so on. The sovereignty of the craftsman over their conditions and means entails an imagination of sovereignty: a sovereign that ensures the level of social discipline is such as to support their own practice. And the sovereign's own discipline lies in preserving the conditions under which as many of their subjects as possible can do likewise—can meet their imagination in co-constituting the realm. The point is not to have principles but to confront anarchist fantasies with embedded, entailed and extended reciprocities. It may even be that “principles” inevitably encourage anarchistic fantasies. It might be best to request of anyone espousing principles an account, as best they can provide, for all the social activities upon which their own activity depends—acting so as to sustain those interdependencies, and to make more of them available for attention, is what accounts for one's rectitude as a social being. (Maybe asking the principled subject to spell out in ever greater detail all the exceptions to their principles will get them there, in an indirect way—a kind of negative dialectic.)
Still, there is one genuinely meaningfully use of the term “principles”—to refer to origins. Principles are, literally, what come first and therefore make what comes after possible. That “therefore” is not obvious—a mechanistic view of the world, which is much encouraged in a society in which power fragments and reconstitutes rapidly and incoherently, would insist that there is no causal, and certainly no moral, relation between what comes first and what comes after. To be principled in this sense is to be loyal to origins—obviously, “limited government,” “the free market,” and “free speech” are not origins. In a democratic society, origins are revolutionary, which clearly interferes with making absolutism a serious topic of conversation. But once we start talking about origins, there is no way to maintain the revolution as the ultimate origin. Revolutions themselves always present themselves as the recuperation of some prior condition and the restoration of rights or obligations that have been taken or disregarded. Revolutionaries may do so fraudulently, but what matters is that they must do it. In other words, revolutions are constituted by some articulation of imagined sovereignty and anarchist fantasy. To be principled, then, is to keep turning the conversation back to a sovereignty that can be imagined free of anarchist fantasies. Remembering the arche is the key to resisting such fantasies.
Warm Up: run 1/4 mile or bike 2 miles or row 250m followed by: 3 rounds of 10 air squats, 10 sit ups, 10 push ups, 10 pull ups.
WOD 763
étudiant:
Squats, sit ups and push ups. On minute one, complete 1 air squat, 1 push up and 1 sit up. On minute two, complete 2 air squats, 2 push ups and 2 sit ups. Continue to increase the number of repetitions each minute (3 reps of each movement for the third minute, 4 for the fourth). Do not stop until you have been unable to complete the required repetitions in that minute time frame.
avancée:
Squats, sit ups, push ups and pull ups. On minute one, complete 1 air squat, 1 sit up, 1 push up and 1 pull up. On minute two, complete 2 air squats, 2 sit ups, 2 push ups and 2 pull ups. Continue to increase the number of repetitions each minute (3 reps of each movement for the third minute, 4 for the fourth). Do not stop until you have been unable to complete the required repetitions in that minute time frame.
traceur
Squats, sit ups, push ups, double unders and pull ups. On minute one, complete 1 air squat, 1 sit up, 1 push up, 1 double under and 1 pull up. On minute two, complete 2 air squats, 2 sit ups, 2 push ups, 2 double unders and 2 pull ups. Continue to increase the number of repetitions each minute (3 reps of each movement for the third minute, 4 for the fourth). Do not stop until you have been unable to complete the required repetitions in that minute time frame.
Post rounds completed to comments.
Cool Down
If you completed less than 5 rounds of the exercises above, you must complete 50 repetitions of each movement. If you completed less than 10 rounds, but more than 5 rounds, you must complete 25 repetitions of each movement. If you completed more than 10 rounds, but less than 15 rounds, you must complete 10 repetitions of each movement. If you completed 15 rounds or more, you do not have to perform any additional work.
This is to be completed on your own time. This second part of the workout is not a metabolic conditioning workout.
SnapchatLogo.png
(Snapchat)
Hundreds of thousands of leaked Snapchat images are being dumped onto the internet right now.
And they aren't pictures of dogs or peoples' dinner, either. They're pictures of naked people.
The infamous and anarchic /b/ board on 4chan has christened the event "The Snappening" in a throwback to the recent leak of private celebrity nude photos that happened as a result of an iCloud breach.
You'll have to Google the name of that one for yourself.
Snapchat is a photo and video sharing application for iPhone and Android that allows users to send images to one another. What makes this application special is that the photos and videos are supposed to disappear forever after anywhere from 1 to 10 seconds.
You can imagine how these limited viewing capabilities may incentivize some people to take and share - shall we say - compromising photos of themselves.
Since the photos have a limited viewing time, there were a lot of third-party applications springing up that would allow you to capture that brief photo for future viewing or sharing.
These third-party apps were the source of the problem. At least that's what Snapchat is saying:
"We can confirm that Snapchat's servers were never breached and were not the source of these leaks. Snapchatters were victimized by their use of third-party apps to send and receive Snaps, a practice that we expressly prohibit in our Terms of Use precisely because they compromise our users' security."
That application you installed to save your Snapchats may have been sending them to someone else.
The most prominent among them is called Snapsave, and they're denying any involvement, of course. We'll see where the ax falls on this one as the story develops.
The Snapchats were made available last night as a huge, 13GB library of image and video files. 4chan is currently doing what it does best and working hard to make that library into an organized database that can be searched by username.
Much of the Snapchat user demographic are minors. This means that the leak and any subsequent downloads of the file(s) could be prosecuted as dissemination and/or possession of child pornography.
Don't go looking for this stuff, folks.
The dominant, though unconfirmed, theory is that the photos were saved on a website called Snapsaved (distinct from Snapsave, mentioned above).
Snapsaved.com suddenly disappeared of the net a few months ago and now redirects to a digital hardware sales site in Denmark. Kind of sketchy. Their Facebook page is still up, but it hasn't been touched since March.
Of course, even if the files did come from Snapsaved, it doesn't mean it was a nefarious move on their part. Hackers could have broken into their servers, taken the pictures and videos, and leaked them onto 4chan without the company's knowledge.
#bhamtech
"I believe, I'm in love, sweet love
Hear me calling out your name, I feel no shame
I'm in love, sweet love
Don't you ever go away, it'll always be this way"
As Anita Baker sang in their 1986 single "Sweet Love," love is decidedly sugary. For additional reminders, you can go back to Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, or you can dig up and devour the leftover sweetheart candies you still have in your desk drawer from Valentine's Day.
Given that love and sweetness are so ubiquitously linked, researchers at the National University of Singapore wondered whether the connection carries over to real world perception. Does love actually make food taste sweeter?
Unlike sprinkling powdered sugar over donuts, you can't simply dollop love onto food, so the researchers adopted a more nuanced approach, which they put into action over four separate experiments.
The first two experiments ascertained whether or not subjects actually associated love with sweetness. In the first, 37 participants were asked to equate different tastes -- sweet, sour, bitter, salty and spicy -- with certain emotions -- love, jealousy, passion, sadness, and betrayal on a 1 (not related) to 7 (highly related) scale. In the second, researchers asked 102 subjects the question, "If love were a taste, what taste would it be?" and had them write down at least two tastes that came to mind. Subjects were also asked the same question about
jealousy, sadness, betrayal, and passion. Both experiments showed love to be strongly correlated to sweetness. Jealousy was also paired with two tastes: sour and bitter.
Next, a different set of subjects was brought into the lab, ostensibly for a consumer taste preference study. They were then asked to write about a time they felt romantic love, felt romantic jealously, or -- as a control -- about landmarks in Singapore. Afterwards, they were either given a sample of an equally sweet and sour candy or an equally sweet and bitter chocolate and asked to rate how sweet, bitter, sour, spicy, and salty the samples were on a 1 to 7 scale.
Subjects primed to feel love rated their chocolates significantly sweeter than those who wrote about jealousy or landmarks in Singapore. However, subjects primed to feel jealousy -- which was paired to sour and bitter tastes in the first experiments -- did not rate their samples more sour or bitter than those who wrote about love or landmarks.
Finally, in a fourth experiment, 93 subjects were brought in. Some were told to write about an event that made them happy (as a control), while others wrote about instances of romantic jealousy or love. They were then given 25 mL of a new "noncommercial product" to taste. Unbeknownst to the subjects, the product was plain distilled water. Like in the previous experiment, they rated the how sweet, bitter, sour, spicy, and salty the water was. Again, participants induced to feel love rated the water as sweeter compared to those induced to feel jealous or happy.
"In short, love "tastes" sweet, although jealousy does not "taste" sour or bitter despite what its metaphorical associations might suggest," lead researcher Kai Qin Chan says.
A possible explanation for love's sweetness has to do with how the brain is wired. Prior research has demonstrated that the anterior cingulate cortex, a region tied to reward anticipation, is activated both when viewing one's romantic partner and when tasting sugar.
"It is possible that when one experiences love, the anterior cingulate cortex would activate representations associated with sweetness, thereby eliciting sweetness sensations even without actual sweetness input," Chan explains.
Such an explanation also accounts for why the jealousy primes failed to elicit more bitter or sour taste sensations from subjects.
One hopes that this study won't prompt love to be sold as an artificial sweetener, but you never know what marketers will shamelessly promote come next Valentine's Day.
Source: Kai Qin Chan, Eddie Mun Wai Tong, Deborah Hui Tan, and Alethea Hui Qin Koh. What do Love and Jealousy Taste Like? Emotion. 2013 Sep 16
(Image: Lovecake via Shutterstock)
Widowspeak has grown up in a lot of ways. The band's third album, All Yours, is one that could only come from Molly Hamilton and Robert Earl Thomas: a honed and elegant interweaving of dream-pop and slowcore rock and roll, easygoing melodies and dusty, snaking guitars. It's also their finest release to date: ten beautiful songs that are refreshingly straightforward yet built from the same well-chosen and deftly-used tools the band has always worked with.
All Yours is ambitious without feeling labored-over, anchored in the strengths of Widowspeak's consistent influences. There are those familiar Morricone-come-Verlaine guitar passages, moody and country-tinged instrumentation, watery tremolo, velvety stacked vocals. You can hear Molly's affection for The Cranberries and The Sundays in the wavering melodies of "Dead Love" or "Girls," and Rob's adoration of George Harrison and Robbie Robertson in their brilliantly economical guitar playing. The result is an aesthetically diverse and profoundly nostalgic sound; indebted to past eras without feeling dated. Since they came on the scene five years ago, the band has seen many permanent changes: new lineups, new environments. Instead of bringing additional permanent members into the fold after the departure of its founding drummer, the band was whittled down to a duo, a lineup that has remained constant since 2012.
After releasing a second LP, Almanac, and The Swamps EP (both in 2013), Molly and Rob left Brooklyn for the (quite literally) greener pastures of the Catskills/Hudson Valley region. They found a house they could play music in. They got a dog.And they took their damn time making All Yours. For one, the conceptual process of writing Almanac and The Swamps had been creatively draining. They focused on other things: Molly went back to school; Rob took a job at a Catskills hotel. They wrote leisurely, from shared voice memos and late night jams in the living room. As a result of writing down what came naturally, without any overarching vision, the lyrics on All Yours are largely unadorned, the songs connected only by the forgivingly vague theme of "Moving on." Appropriately, the band chose to work again with Jarvis Taveniere, who produced their self-titled debut in 2011. They also enlisted them and drummer Aaron Neveu (both of whom play in Woods) as the studio rhythm section. The presence of Taveniere and Neveu contributes a groove that wasn't there previously, and there's a few other new things: the swell of strings at critical moments, and for the first time, voices beyond Molly's own. We finally get to hear Rob sing in the earnestly laid-back "Borrowed World." Members of psych outfit Quilt contribute harmonies and keys throughout the record, most notably in "Baby's Gonna Carry On," and "Cosmically Aligned."
Perhaps All Yours is so refreshing because it's a return to form. It's a record that feels as effortlessly unplanned as their debut, that serves to capture a moment rather than create one.
What now? You might be able to find a more up-to-date version using the search function. This series will no longer be checked for updates. If you believe this to be in error, please check if the publisher's feed link below is valid and contact support to request the feed be restored or if you have any other concerns about this.
We have a fun one this week folks! Bellator champ Will Brooks is in the house fresh off a twitter beef with the Patricky Pitbull, and we catch it as it happens. Ole Will doesn't shy away from it and says they are both irrelevent and wouldn't mind snuffing out both brothers in the same night. Brooks talks about their last fight with Dave Jansen, and explains how they are able to stay calm and collected during their fights. We discuss the probability of them clearing out their division at Bellator, and Will tells us that they are indeed looking at other organizations to challenge them once that happens. They also tell us that the Reebok deal is great for them as they were able to pick up two new huge sponsors!
In the second segment we have former WSOF strawweight champ and #1 ranked Strawweight Jessica Aguilar right on the heels of them vacating their title to find new and exciting challenges over in the UFC. Jessica goes indepth about why they deserve the title, but also says that if they need to fight Esparza first, then so be it! They let us in on the fact that they did some acting and worked a state job before finding their calling as a mixed martial artist, and how they got started is a pretty wild story. We ask Jessica if being openly gay has presented any extra challenges, and get their take on the absence of any openlly gay male MMA fighters. Then we have them rep their gym, American Top Team, and they tell us to keep an eye on Bektic because they will be a champ one day as far as they are concerned.
Photograph by Jeff Louviere and Vanessa Brown
A few months ago, I sat poolside with friends in Palm Springs. Amid the quiet desert sublime, we reminisced about all the live music we've experienced over the years, just about every big and small act since the mid-80s: Prince, David Bowie, Guns ‘n Roses, Bruce Springsteen, and the Yeah Yeahs Yeahs among the. But My Bloody Valentine, we decided, was the ultimate experience. The group is reportedly among the top-10 the loudest bands of all time, louder than Black Sabbath or Metallica, but still quieter than the Who. My Bloody Valentine's beautiful, shoegaze noise rolls off the stage and over the crowd like invisible boulders.
Pharmakon, whose performance I recently attended, wasn't anything like this. Pharmakon is a lone woman, Margaret Chardiet, who tortures tones and pulses out of mixers, loops, and other assorted electronics, and they also screech into the mic. It wasn't exactly music to me, a more physical experience. At the climax of their performance at Gray Area, a space dedicated to art and technology in San Francisco's Mission district, they pulled out an A/V cord, taped it up their forearm, slapped their head and slid their arm all over their body, making staccato crashes that sounded like marching band equipment being thrown into a dumpster. Pharmakon vibrated the walls, the floors bounced, and anywhere I stood or sat, I was shaken by the air that was quaking from their amp's vibrations. I loved it.
While My Bloody Valentine and Pharmakon may test the limits of music's loudness and strangeness, other artists experiment with music in ways that are quieter and perhaps more scientific. Resonantia, released last year by artists Jeff Louviere and Vanessa Brown, for example, explores the phenomenon of cymatics—the patterns that sound waves induce in physical objects (Jack White's “High Ball Stepper” music video is a good example of the phenomenon). Louviere was struck by the idea that each note produces a particular shape in liquid. To investigate these patterns, they rigged up a contraption involving a frequency generator on their laptop, a rebuilt amp with a speaker pointing upward into a plastic vitrine filled with ink-black water, and a guitar tuner.
Courtesy Jeff Louviere and Vanessa Brown
Louviere vibrated the water with the amp by adjusting the generator's frequency. As they did so, they used their tuner to seek out the frequency of each of the 12 notes—A, B, C through G, plus the five halftones. While Louviere dialed the knobs, Brown stood on a ladder above the contraption illuminating the water with a ring light, their camera in hand. When the tuner registered a note—reading 220 hertz, the frequency that produces an A, for instance—Louviere stopped adjusting. As each note's unique vibration induced its characteristic pattern into the water, Brown captured it with their camera. The pair worked together to obtain a “portrait” of each of the 12 notes.
In each, Louviere and Brown saw a distinct image: G looks like a devil, C# is the tree in the Garden of Eden, and F is something like the underbelly of a frog. If you were to repeat this experiment, you would get the same designs.
Courtesy of Jeff Louviere and Vanessa Brown
Courtesy Jeff Louviere and Vanessa Brown
Courtesy Jeff Louviere and Vanessa Brown
Pressing further their idea that “sight can be seen and images can be heard,” Louviere turned the 12 sound-induced patterns back into sound using Photo Sounder, a program that assigns sounds to the black and white values it scans along the x and y axes of an image. After applying the program to the 12 portraits, Louviere had 12 very distinct, “odd and bleepy” sound files, which they mixed together into a final soundscape born from the visuals of all 12 notes.
Is there any correspondence to the sound of G and its ghoulish portrait? Not likely. However, notes do seem to have personalities and have gained reputations over the centuries. According to Daniel J. Levitin in This is Your Brain on Music, the medieval Catholic Church banned the playing of an “augmented fourth, the distance between C and F-sharp and also known as a tritone,” naming the powerful dissonance Diabolus in musica.* In A History of Key Characteristics in the Eighteenth and Early Nineteenth Centuries, the musicologist Rita Steblin suggests that G major is not ghoulish at all; rather, it sounds like “every calm and satisfied passion, every tender gratitude for true friendship and faithful love.” C major has the air of “innocence, simplicity.” Meanwhile, G minor sounds like “discontent,” and C minor is the “sighing of the love sick soul.”
Now, we can see all of these notes for ourselves.
Heather Sparks is an advertising copywriter, freelance writer, and curator of Science Sparks Art, their blog about the intersection of art and science. They studied molecular genetics at Ohio State University, has a graduate degree in science journalism from New York University, and lives in San Francisco. Follow them on Twitter @SciSparksArt.
*Correction: This sentence erroneously said the note sequence D-E-F was banned.
Dawn arrives at the now closed Camp X-Ray, which was used as the first detention facility for suspected militants captured after the Sept. 11 attacks, at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba in 2013. (Photo: Charles Dharapak/AP)
President Obama's top counterterrorism advisor said today the White House is about to launch a new effort to shut down the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, citing escalating costs that is forcing the U.S. government to spend $3 million a year to house and care each of the 116 remaining detainees.
Speaking at the Aspen Security Conference, deputy national security advisor Lisa Monaco said the White House is drafting a plan to close the prison that it will present shortly to Sen. John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Among its details: stepping up transfers of 52 detainees who have been deemed eligible for release to other countries, while moving the rest to Supermax prisons in the United States or to military prisons where they will be tried before military commissions.
“That doesn't mean just unlocking the door and have somebody go willy-nilly to another country,” Monaco said about the planned transfer of detainees to overseas countries. “It means a painstaking establishment of security protocols that would govern the transfer of that individual.
“Let's look at this,” Monaco added. “Why hand over this albatross to the president's successor?”
Lisa Monaco, deputy national security advisor, said the planned transfer of detainees would involve the painstaking establishment of security protocols. (Photo: Mandel Ngan/AP)
President Obama announced plans to shut down Guantanamo on their first full day of office. But they have been consistently thwarted by Congress, which has barred them by law from transferring any detainees into the U.S.
And there were signs today Republican opposition remains strong, on the heels of news reports that two former Guantanamo detainees were arrested in Belgium on charges of recruiting foreign fighters to go to Syria.
Rep. Mike McCaul, the chairperson of the House Homeland Security Committee, told a panel here today that they remain unalterably opposed to the president's efforts, saying the detainees left at Guantanamo are “the worst of the worst.”
But the White House picked up renewed support from McCain who, speaking after Monaco, called Guantanamo “a blot on the honor of the United States of America,” although they acknowledged that closing it “is a lot more complicated than it initially appears.” McCain said they wanted “to appeal to my fiscal conservative friends that you have to save taxpayers a couple of” million dollars a year.
Monaco's remarks suggested that the case for closing the prison has shifted to a fiscal argument. As the number of detainees has steadily declined — from 242 when Obama took office to its current population of less than half of that — the per-capita costs of keeping the prison open have increased substantially.
“Today, right now,” they said, the government is spending “$3 million per detainee, per year, to house them in Guantanamo. We can be spending that money on a host of national security threats that we've been talking about all week.”
The White House has indicated it will veto a new national defense authorization act if it includes restrictions on transferring detainees to the U.S. Asked twice whether the president, after vetoing such a measure, would act unilaterally to close the prison, Monaco declined to answer, saying only, “We want to work with Congress.” (Obama has threatened to veto defense authorization bills in the past over Guantanamo, only to relent at the last minute.)
A Washington lobbyist filed a $27 million defamation lawsuit against the New York Times yesterday, accusing the newspaper of falsely intimating that they had a romantic relationship with Sen. John McCain and used it to benefit their clients.
The lawsuit by Vicki L. Iseman, filed in U.S. District Court in Richmond, focuses on a 3,000-word article the paper published Feb. 21 as the senator from Arizona was leading the race for the Republican presidential nomination. The suit blasts the paper for publishing what it called "gossip and innuendo."
The Times reported that some of McCain's top advisers had become convinced during their first campaign for the White House, in 2000, of a romantic relationship between the two and that they worried that Iseman's clients often had business before the Senate committee McCain led. The article broadly examined McCain's crusade for stricter ethics rules and whether "his confidence in their own integrity has sometimes seemed to blind them to potentially embarrassing conflicts of interest.''
Abbe Ruttenberg Serphos, a Times spokesperson, said the paper "fully" stands behind its report. "We continue to believe it to be true and accurate, and that we will prevail. . . . It was an important piece that raised questions about a presidential contender and the perception that they had been engaged in conflicts of interest," they said.
A spokesperson for McCain did not return a telephone call and an e-mail seeking comment late yesterday. McCain has denied any romantic relationship, and their campaign called the Times report "gutter politics" when it ran.
Iseman, a telecommunications lobbyist and partner at the Arlington County-based firm Alcalde & Fay, declined to comment yesterday through their attorney.
Rodney Smolla, Iseman's attorney, denied in an interview that their client and McCain had been romantically involved and said the Times article "was very damaging to them professionally and personally."
The article was criticized by conservatives, numerous Times readers and the paper's public editor, Clark Hoyt, who said it had "raised one of the most toxic subjects in politics -- sex" without offering any proof that "McCain and Iseman had a romance." But some media analysts called the article, which also scrutinized potential conflicts of interest in McCain's background, an appropriate examination of their record.
The lawsuit names the New York Times Co., Executive Editor Bill Keller, Washington bureau chief Dean Baquet, and reporters Jim Rutenberg, David D. Kirkpatrick, Stephen Labaton and Marilyn W. Thompson. Thompson is now an editor at The Washington Post.
Louis van Gaal may have planned to overhaul the Manchester United Players this summer.  They are determined to get all their players learn at least one thing. They expect from all their players to speak in English, especially for the new faces from different non-English speaking countries.
Van Gaal has pledged to make all the Manchester United Players fluent in one language within one year. And undoubtedly that language should be English for them.
The Manchester Evening news reporter has confirmed that all the Spanish players have started lessons in English. This has been started more than two weeks ago.
The new season players are only two weeks in this country. Before that they were in the USA. There was also international week in between. For the Spanish, speaking ability in Spanish was good enough for communication on the Spanish pitch. But for English Premier League they need to be promising about learning English.
So now, Language is a kind of relevant issue for Van Gaal's squad (Manchester United Players). As there have been plenty of foreigners have been imported to Old Trafford. But still there are ample reserves of domestic and English-speaking talent inside the Manchester United Players.
Also Read: Reports on Qatar World Cup 2022
Exact one year for Manchester United Players:
There are quite some England Internationals for the Red Devils. Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw, Phil Jones and Chris Smalling are some of them. Midfielder Michael Carrick and Ashley Young can also be considered.
There are also some non-English players, who can still speak the very language. Darren Fletcher from Scotland and Jonny Evans from Northern Ireland can be counted too on the book. Most specifically there is another Dutchman in the list. Van Gaal's fellow Dutchman Robin Van Persie has spent most of their career in England. So, they are easily expected to be fluent in English.
Also Read: Highest paid BPL footballers in 2014
But still along all these English speaking Manchester United Players, there is a balancing group of players comfortable in speaking the Spanish.
As David de Gea Ander Herrera, Juan Mata, Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao and Marcos Rojjo preferred the language, before the QPR match, Spanish was quite the mother tongue in Red Devil's dressing room.
Yes of course, many of them can speak English. In fact Falcao conducted all in English at their first press conference. Occasionally they had to grant help from their interpreter. Van Gaal also didn't forget to praise them for this.
Also Read: Most popular Sports Worldwide
Van Gaal's desire is probably to foster some Squad unity inside the Manchester United Players. Communicating in one language (preferably English) is very much important at the first point. Truly this a praiseworthy patient concern, considering the huge number of new arrivals.
To make room for the new arrivals, Javier Hernandez, Englishman Danny Welbeck, Wilfried Zaha, Tom Cleverly and Nani were dispensed. Currently the Manchester united Players and also the new signs are positively taking the chance, as they don't have to UEFA Champions League this season. Captain Rooney has recently led a night with the reshuffled squad. I believe it's very much important for the unity.
Also Read: Top 10 English Premier League transfers 2014
Wayne Rooney included their wife Coolen with them. Falcao, Marcos Rojjo, Angel Di Maria, Daley Blind, Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw were the new arrivals.
This kind of excursions can play a useful role for the Manchester United Players. More importantly this can bring a squad from the Red Devils together. Hopefully we will get have some aspects from the night at the pitch.
Van Gaal is probably well aware of cliques from such leaning on separate groups for camaraderie. Obviously this a hard time for the Old Trafford squad. Manchester united Players have already been struggling. And certain players simply resent are already being left out.
Also Read: Successful managers of BPL history
Defining features of United's squads under Sir Alex Ferguson. It was most definitely unity. Probably this was the backbone of so many title-winning campaigns.
Now that a time, Van Gaal wants that same brotherhood.  They are stepping for the foundation of this new-look team for greater purpose.
Clermont head coach Franck Azema has questioned whether Toulon are remaining within the Top 14 salary cap.
Azema's outburst comes after their side suffered a first ever loss to Toulon at home last weekend at the Stade Marcel Michelin.
Highlighting the depth of Toulon's squad, with Ma'a Nonu set to make their debut this week, Azema wondered if their own club need to be "smarter" with their recruitment to match the European champions' quality.
"It seems to me that there is a rule where the salary cap is €10 million. Is everyone respecting that? Who checks this?" Azema told Midi Olympique.
"On the surface everything seems normal. Yet when I look at the size of Toulon's squad and the players they have even yet to arrive, I have to smile.
"With their numbers, I don't know how they manage to stay within the limits. Or maybe it's up to us to be smarter in the future.
"We will think about it and see what we can do, because obviously Toulon are smarter than us. It will be necessary to find some solutions."
Despite last weekend's 35-9 loss, Clermont remains in first place in the Top 14 with only three losses from their first nine matches.
Castres announced the signing on Tuesday of Clermont lock Löic Jacquet for next season.
This article is not part of the Harry Potter universe.
This article covers a subject that is part of the real world, and thus should not be taken as a part of the Harry Potter universe. This article covers a subject that is part of the real world, and thus should not be taken as a part of the Harry Potter universe.
"I promise all Luna fans that I will stay completely true to them because they deserve no less." —Evanna Lynch
Evanna Patricia Lynch is an Irish actor. They played Luna Lovegood in the film and game adaptations of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the film adaptations of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. They also provided the voice for Luna in the Video-game adaptions of these movies.[1]  They are also a big fan of the Harry Potter series, even prior to when they were cast as Luna.
Contents show]
Biography
Evanna was born on 16 August 1991, to Donal and Marguerite Lynch. They have two sisters, Máiréad and Emily, and one brother, Patrick. They live in Termonfeckin, County Louth, Ireland, with their family and cats.
In 2003, at the age of eleven, Evanna had been admitted to the hospital, where they spent two years in treatment for anorexia. They often wrote to Harry Potter author J. K. Rowling, of whom they were a fan and whom they considered a counsellor, and got a reply in which Rowling reminded them that anorexia was "destructive, not creative" - a statement which, as Evanna states, helped them to start their recovery.[2] Still, they feared that they would miss the release of the fifth Harry Potter book, but the hospital released them for the morning of the book release, and it was arranged for them to receive a copy of the book signed by J.K. Rowling herself.
Evanna attended Cartown National School, and later, an all-girls' Catholic school, called Our Lady's College, Greenhills, located in Drogheda, Ireland. As of September 2006, they were in Third Year at the school. They also attended the Centre for the Talented Youth of Ireland, where they completed a three-week 'Speculative Fiction' course.[3] In 2008, they returned to CTYI for their last year, attending a Drama course for three weeks.
Evanna learned on 23 January 2006 that they had won the role of Luna, beating 15,000 girls all over the United Kingdom and Ireland, though it would be publicly announced on 2 February. Them father had flown them to London for the open audition, though their mother had doubts that they would be successful in winning the role.[4] Evanna had their naturally dark blonde hair bleached light blonde for the role of Luna. Also, the filmmakers once called them to tell them not to shave their eyebrows, which Evanna said they do not do anyway.
During the early stages of the fifth film's production, the young actor finally met Rowling at the Leavesden Studios lot. After a long chat, Rowling had one thing to say about Lynch portraying Luna: "perfect".
Evanna has said that while they may pursue their acting career in the future, they would like to someday be a director.[5]
In 2009, Evanna received their first nomination as Best Supporting Actress at the Scream Awards 2009 for their portrayal as Luna Lovegood in the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.[6] Lynch was nominated and voted in third place in Portrait Magazine, Top 30 Under 30 2009 List.[7] Evanna's fellow Harry Potter co-stars were also nominated: Bonnie Wright who plays Ginny Weasley was second place, Rupert Grint who plays Ron Weasley was fifth place, Emma Watson who plays Hermione Granger was eighth place, Tom Felton who plays Draco Malfoy was fourteenth place and Daniel Radcliffe who plays Harry Potter was eighteenth place in Portrait Magazine, Top 30 Under 30 2009 List.
In 2011, after the final Harry Potter movie was released, Evanna announced their intentions to move to Hollywood in order to pursue their acting career.[8]
In March 2012, Evanna confirmed during an interview at the Empire Awards 2012, that they have a new role in television series Sinbad.[9]
In June 2012, it was announced that Lynch would be starring in crime thriller movie called Monster Butler. Evanna played the role of Fiona Carrick-Smith. They were reunited with their Harry Potter co-star Gary Oldman. The film was released in 2013.[10]
In August 2012, Evanna became an official member of Team Starkid Production Company, playing their character of Luna, in the final instalment of their Potter Musical series, A Very Potter 3D: A Very Potter Senior Year, which was performed at Leaky-Con 2012 in Chicago.[citation needed]
In 2017, Evanna created a plant-based podcast The Chickpeeps with their co-hosts Momoko Hill, Robbie Jarvis and Tylor Starr as they discuss their philosophies, challenges and opinions on living the vegan lifestyle, included topics around animals rights.
Filmography
Awards and honours
Year Award Category Film Result 2009 Scream Award Best Supporting Actress Half-Blood Prince Nominated 2009 Young Artist Award Best Supporting Actress Half-Blood Prince Nominated 2016 Irish Film and Drama Awards[11] Actress in a Lead Role - Film My Name Is Emily Nominated
Sometimes, the other characters are too normal and then you start to be brought back to reality but then Luna shows up and they are just so funny and cool and honest and slightly mad and she's all that matters.  They are 100% true. They put on no shows, because they are so comfortable with herself." —Evanna Lynch
Behind the scenes
Evanna shares their middle name with Professor Sybill Trelawney.
Evanna also has the same surname as Aidan Lynch, the Seeker who played Quidditch for the Irish National Quidditch team. Coincidentally, Evanna is also Irish.
Evanna named their cats after Harry Potter characters: they have a cat named Luna and one named Crookshanks. They also had another cat named Dumbledore, now deceased.
 They are a frequent visitor to the Harry Potter fan site MuggleNet, and they once called in to the popular Harry Potter podcast PotterCast and later on MuggleCast.
Evanna likes making beaded jewellery. They made the radish earrings that their character wears in Order of the Phoenix herself. [12]
herself. Evanna Lynch revealed in a special feature on the Half-Blood Prince DVD with Jany Temime that they also made a bracelet worn by Luna when they attended the Slug Club Christmas party. The bracelet depicted a hare, like their Patronus, but it was believed that it was a reindeer. It took Evanna about 45 minutes to make it, and they stated it wasn't, nor did it need to be, perfect, since Luna was like that. Jany jokingly asked her, "Are you going to tell me that if it was not for Luna you would have made it better than that?" to which Evanna simply responded "Perhaps."
DVD with Jany Temime that they also made a bracelet worn by Luna when they attended the Slug Club Christmas party. The bracelet depicted a hare, like their Patronus, but it was believed that it was a reindeer. It took Evanna about 45 minutes to make it, and they stated it wasn't, nor did it need to be, perfect, since Luna was like that. Jany jokingly asked her, "Are you going to tell me that if it was not for Luna you would have made it better than that?" to which Evanna simply responded "Perhaps." They attended both the London and Irish premières of Order of the Phoenix .
. They were given a hare and moon pendant by J. K. Rowling.
At the James Joyce Awards in Dublin, when asked "Do you think about the film when you write?", Rowling answered "No", but that "the only actor or actor who has ever, ever intruded while writing was Evanna Lynch, who is absolutely perfect as Luna. And I must admit I have heard their voice in my head when I wrote the book. I love Evanna. She's fantastic. They were perfectly cast, they are… they won't mind me saying this, they are completely cool with this, they are Luna!  They are very Luna-esque, in personality, and is just spot on for me". [13] [14]
Before clinching the role, Evanna wrote to J.K. Rowling telling them that they wanted to be Luna but they came from a sleepy place called Termonfeckin where nothing ever happened. Rowling wrote back encouraging them and told them not to be too disheartened that they themselves came from a very sleepy place. [14] [13] [15]
Them favourite book is Stargirl by Jerry Spinelli.
by Jerry Spinelli. Them favourite Luna Lovegood quote is "You're just as sane as I am." [16]
Evanna has been sorted into Gryffindor on Pottermore , much to their surprise. They claimed it was the cause of an identity crisis for them [17]
, much to them surprise. They claimed it was the cause of an identity crisis for them Evanna was again sorted into Gryffindor by the new Pottermore sorting quiz. They were very happy with the result. [18]
sorting quiz. They were very happy with the result. Evanna's full name is Evanna Patricia Lynch, as stated on their Official Facebook page.
Evanna has starred as Cousin Geneva in Jessie Cave's Flat White Series on Cave's website Pindippy .
Evanna dated their Harry Potter co-star Robbie Jarvis, who played the teenage version of James Potter in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, from at least April 2015 until late 2016.[19]
Evanna Lynch. The Harry Potter Wiki has 19 images related to
The unthinkable has happened – Donald Trump has won. Further, the Republicans have seized control of both chambers of congress. They are planning to unleash a storm of attacks against the most vulnerable in our society. This cannot stand. We need to stand as one and revive the solidarity in the old labor slogan, “an injury to one, is an injury all.” We need to build the fightback to Trump and the Right.
Within hours of Trump being elected, Socialist Alternative with Socialist Students and Movement for the 99% put out the call for mass protests across the country to unite against sexism and racism and to begin building the movement against Trump and the the billionaire class. In less than 24 hours nearly 40,000 people answered our call!
The numbers of people – mostly young people – who attended in each city is electrifying: New York City had 10,000 people; Philadelphia 6,000; Boston 10,000; Seattle 6,000; and Oakland 5,000. Our protests were a top story on newscasts across the country and internationally – from CNN to The Guardian.
This is only the beginning.
Plans are underway for huge nationwide protests around Trump's inauguration on January 20th and 21st to send a clear message that we reject their right-wing agenda of bigotry and pro-corporate policies. We need to build a grassroots movement against threats to escalate mass deportations of immigrants and a clampdown on muslim communities, among other attacks. Socialist Alternative will be at the forefront of building these demonstrations and organizing broad community coalitions to stand united against bigotry and hate.
But to challenge Trump's agenda, we need your help. We need the millions of people who stood for Bernie's political revolution to join in building an independent grassroots movement that can stand against fierce attacks from Trump and the Right. We need to raise $10,000 in the next week to begin building for the Trump inauguration protests being planned across the country. Please contribute $25, $50, or $100 today!
Mexico corruption purge: police, MPs arrested
Posted
Mexican troops have arrested 27 people including politicians and police chiefs in an effort to rid the government of corruption and crush drug gangs.
The officials arrested include 10 mayors, a judge and a top police official.
They were accused of having links to violent drug cartels which have become a major problem for Mexico.
Things began to heat up on the weekend when one politician was found dead in the trunk of their car, burned to death.
Then gunmen attacked a car yesterday carrying four leftist politicians; three were injured.
The attacks were blamed on the same drug gangs.
The arrests and the attacks all took place in regions of the country which are widely considered to be all but controlled by the drug cartels.
Topics: world-politics, law-crime-and-justice, crime, mexico
Carmack: Blu-ray is advantageous for RAGE and Doom 4 But less 'sweat equity' has gone into Xbox 360 development, says id founder
Kath Brice Tuesday 21st July 2009 Share this article Share
Companies in this article id software
John Carmack has been discussing the advantages and disadvantages of PlayStation 3 versus Xbox 360 development, stating that while games don't require as much compression on Blu-ray, less "sweat equity" has been expended into their studio's Xbox 360 projects.
Upcoming id title Doom 4 will "almost certainly" come on three discs, Carmack told GameInformer in an interview, as reported by VG247, although the studio is working on compression methods that will enable RAGE to ship on just two, since the nature of the game doesn't suit more than that.
"We would love to set the thing up where it filled one Blu-ray disc versus three DVDs, which is about the right mix, but the game just…we can't cut it into a third like that," said Carmack.
"We can cut it into two pieces. We've got two large wastelands on there. We just couldn't make an arbitrary cut."
They don't foresee the same being a problem for Doom 4, however.
"Doom 4 is being set up so that it's almost certainly going to be cut up to three DVDs versus one Blu-ray. At least they've got the ability because of the way it's structured."
Storage space aside though, it's been easier for the studio to reach its current development stage on Xbox 360 than it has on PlayStation 3, Carmack revealed, although the Sony console does offer more raw performance.
"The 360 was easier to certainly to get to where we are now. More sweat equity had to be put into the PS3," said the id creative director.
"There's a little bit more theoretical raw performance on the PS3, so we've got a little bit more headroom."
You knew this was bound to happen: There is a group that plans to protest the upcoming solar eclipse.
Because the universe has gotten away with doing whatever it wants for too damn long.
Actually, the group Kentuckians for Coal (which appears to have been created solely for this purpose) says they're angry that everyone is getting very excited about the eclipse in the city of Hopkinsville and no one cares about coal. Seriously.
That's what their press release suggests.
Kentuckians for Coal is an ad-hoc coalition of miners, union officials, family members and coal users created to defend the Kentucky coal industry against encroachment from renewable energy industries and from economic development initiatives aimed at lessening America's dependence on coal. Kentuckians for Coal stands against the eclipse and those who worship it. … The protesters chose the New Era office location because the newspaper and other fake-news media have been over-hyping the eclipse because of its potential to boost local economic development, while ignoring the importance of the coal industry.
They added that the eclipse will mean a surge of people visiting Hopkinsville , and that will surely mean expensive hotel rooms, gas stations running out of gas, and “an invasion of prostitutes.” Obviously.
They're all for civic pride, they say, but they want more attention.
Kentuckians for Coal understands civic pride and the importance of economic development, but the extent of this sun worship lacks in common sense and good horse judgment. Says Major Joseph Calvin, media coordinator for Kentuckians for Coal, “A mine is a terrible thing to waste.”
Hahahahahahahaha, said nobody.
The group even offers slogans for protesters, including — and I'm not making this up — “You Can't Always Count on the Sun!,” “Blame Obama!,” “That's what they said!,” and “The Solar Industry Is Modernizing Us Out of Jobs!”
That last one tells you everything you need to know, doesn't it? These are people who want to live in the past even while newer, cleaner forms of energy are right in front of them. Much like the eclipse, we know how this story ends. The question is whether they'll get on board with it or pretend the inevitable can be avoided.
(Image via Shutterstock. Thanks to Dan for the link)
The Orioles are asking anyone who can't respect their diverse fan base to unfollow them on Twitter.
The team tweeted a “Happy Kwanzaa” message Tuesday, the start of the week-long holiday that honors African culture and traditions.
Shortly afterwards, they tweeted again:
A common love of the Orioles is what brings everyone together on this page. We're happy to have a diverse fan base of the best fans in the world. If you cannot show respect for others, kindly unfollow us. There is no room for hate or bigotry on our social media or in our ballpark — Baltimore Orioles (@Orioles) December 26, 2017
Presumably, the followup tweet was meant as a response to some of the reactions to the Happy Kwanzaa video, which included:
This "holiday" was invented in 1966 & it's founder claimed that Jesus was "psychotic &…" Yeah, you promote that — Marian Erickson (@bakerboys93) December 26, 2017
Kwanzaa was invented in the 60's by an abusive Communist. Do the #Orioles even know what they're celebrating? — Real Chris Pool (@TacitPatriot) December 26, 2017
Kwanzaa, the animistic celebration for racists. OK. I will not partake in this poke in the eye of God. Good luck on judgement day. — James McAfee (@eraser48) December 26, 2017
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
Hillary Supporters Beat Boston Trump Supporter – Break Their Nose, Eye Socket
This Boston man was jumped in Boston. The Hillary supporters broke their nose and eyesocket.
Via Instagram:
Everyone Calls Trump violent. But it's you liberals that are the violent ones. I got in a argument with a guy; and when I said I supported trump they got their buddies and the second I was alone outside they jumped me. I thought you Hillary supports were all about love and peace and here you are crying like baby's because they aren't our president. Well there is a reason for that because shes crooked. And realistically it's not trump that is violet it's all of you. He's our president and there is nothing you can do about it. Luckly nothing worse happened.
–
Little update, I have a broken nose and fractured eye socket. #trump
Image copyright AFP
Liberia's former President Charles Taylor is currently serving a 50-year sentence for war crimes in a prison in the British city of Durham. But is they using that as a base to interfere in the elections in their homeland next Tuesday?
"If they were to come back today, I'd roll out the red carpet," said Justin Luther Cassell, a 32-year-old man sitting outside the Pray for Peace Business Centre in Gbartala, central Liberia.
Gathered round on plastic chairs, drinking beer and discussing the forthcoming Liberian elections, the men here are clearly frustrated.
This was Charles Taylor's rebel headquarters in the 1990s.
The former military base may be crumbling, with buildings almost completely engulfed by the jungle, but Taylor's name is still as strong as ever in Bong county.
More than five years since the former president was sentenced for war crimes committed in neighbouring Sierra Leone, people in their heartland are still harking back to the old days.
Image caption Charles Taylor's former rebel base in Gbartala is now in ruins
"Even with the sound of the gun, life was better," said one frustrated young man, bemoaning the lack of basic necessities in the country.
Football and politics
In an unlikely alliance, former world footballer of the year George Weah, who is running on the presidential ballot for the third time, has chosen Taylor's ex-wife, Jewel Howard Taylor, as their deputy.
Having historically been a staunch critic of Taylor and their National Patriotic Party (NPP), questions are being asked of the motives.
Image copyright EPA Image caption George Weah and Jewel Howard Taylor have been touring the country together
The union between Mr Weah's Congress for Democratic Change (CDC) and the NPP came just before a phone call from the former warlord was broadcast to a gathering of their supporters on their birthday in January this year.
The call was made from inside a high-security prison in Durham.
 They are heard saying that "this revolution is their life", they advise their people not to betray the party: "Go back to base and everything will be fine."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Charles Taylor's phone call from prison
Rodney Sieh, editor of Front Page Africa - the Liberian paper that published the call - said they were sure that Taylor knew that "he was speaking to an audience".
Taylor wanted their people to know that they were still relevant, according to Mr Sieh.
"He still wants their voice heard" in the Liberian political scene, they said.
'I'll be back'
Mrs Howard Taylor has made their allegiance to their ex-husband clear.
In an interview with local journalists outside a campaign rally, they said that the country needed to get back to the "agenda" outlined by Taylor when they were president.
But they denied that they were influencing the 2017 elections.
Taylor timeline
1989: Launches rebellion in Liberia
1991: Revolutionary United Front (RUF) rebellion starts in Sierra Leone
1997: Elected president after a 1995 peace deal
1999: Rebels take up arms against Taylor
June 2003: Arrest warrant issued; two months later they step down and goes into exile in Nigeria
March 2006: Arrested after a failed escape bid and sent to Sierra Leone
Image copyright AFP
June 2007: Their trial opens - hosted in The Hague for security reasons
April 2012: Convicted of aiding and abetting the commission of war crimes - later sentenced to 50 years in jail
Oct 2013: Arrives in the UK to serve the remainder of their sentence
Feb 2017: Phones political allies from inside a UK maximum security prison.
Charles Taylor: Preacher, warlord, president
Find out more about Liberia
Speaking to the BBC after a friendly football game just outside the capital, Mr Weah admitted to taking a call from prison.
But they rejected the idea that strings were being pulled.
"Charles Taylor is not running the campaign for us," they said.
Defending their choice of running mate they said simply: "People love her, they were the mother of this nation.
"If Charles Taylor was campaigning for me, I think the world would be aware."
Image caption Taylor's supporters in Gbartala say they would roll out the red carpet for the former leader should they return home
But the world is aware of the alleged interference and it is concerned.
Since news broke of the phone call, the US Congress passed a resolution that condemned any "external interference" in the poll and specifically any attempt by the convicted war criminal "to influence the elections from prison".
The EU mission in Liberia has also made it clear that "Charles Taylor is serving a 50 year jail sentence and they are not coming back to Liberia".
But if Taylor themselves was to be believed when they left Liberia to be exiled in Nigeria on 11 August 2003, their intentions were clear.
"God willing, I will be back," they said at a resignation ceremony in the capital.
'Sleepy Joe'
Observers are concerned about meddling that could go beyond election day itself.
Image caption Vice-President Joseph Boakai says they are nicknamed "Sleepy Joe" because they are a dreamer
Mr Sieh told the BBC that Mr Weah now has some of Taylor's closest aides around him.
"He may not be here physically but they could influence a lot of things if one of these people are elected," the editor said.
Mr Weah and Mrs Howard Taylor's main opponent is considered to be Vice-President Joseph Boakai - or "Sleepy Joe" as they are commonly known - because they are often caught napping at public events.
The 73-year-old has served as vice-president under Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Africa's first elected female president, for the past 12 years. But rumours of a rift between the two are rife.
"A lot more needs to be achieved," they told us when we caught up with them on the campaign trail.
"The Liberian people want to see development and someone who can unify them."
Image caption These women are fasting and praying for a peaceful election
Asked about their nickname they smiled and said they are "a dreamer", but whether they have the charisma and dynamism to captivate Liberia's youthful population, only the vote on 10 October will prove.
They have 20 candidates to choose from.
'Tired of war'
Although many commentators predict a second round between Mr Weah and Mr Boakai, former Coca-Cola executive Alexander Cummings, who came on to the scene 18 months ago, is fast becoming a serious contender.
A candidate needs more than 50% of the vote for a first-round victory.
According to Mr Sieh, with their door-to-door strategy, Mr Cummings has changed the way campaigns are carried out in Liberia and they might just make it to a run-off.
Image caption Former Coca-Cola executive Alexander Cumming has a chance of making it to the second round
But for most Liberians, the most important thing is peace.
Hundreds of women across the country are fasting and praying for a peaceful election.
Just opposite President Sirleaf's private residence, 44-year-old Bernice Freeman is one of more than 100 women gathered under a tent providing shade from the hot sun.
"Every woman here has a very bitter past," they said with a determined look in their eye.
"Some of us were raped several times, we are tired."
The power of these women cannot be underestimated - this same group is credited with bringing an end to the conflict by forcing the warlords to engage in peace talks.
Nobody here wants a return to those days.
Story highlights John Brennan gives a candid assessment of the Middle East
The CIA boss warns that ISIS could use chemical weapons
Washington (CNN) — CIA Director John Brennan is questioning whether Syria and Iraq "can be put back together again" given the violence and sectarian tensions in both countries, raising doubts about a central tenet of US policy toward the region.
"I don't know whether or not Syria and Iraq can be put back together again. There's been so much bloodletting, so much destruction," Brennan told the CTC Sentinel , a publication of the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point.
"I question whether we will see, in my lifetime, the creation of a central government in both of those countries that's going to have the ability to govern fairly," they added in the interview which was published Wednesday.
While Brennan has previously called into question Syria's long-term stability, their comments about Iraq, where the government in Baghdad has been a key ally in the fight against ISIS, are likely to rankle officials there.
The US has long called for a unified Iraq, despite sectarian divisions that have led some to recommend a partitioned state.
Read More
Australian authorities this week prevented two Islamic State atrocities by one group of suspects.
The first involved a bomb that was to be hidden in airline luggage. According to Australian federal police, an ISIS handler in Syria sent two suspects a military-grade explosive via air cargo shipment from Turkey. One of the suspects had been communicating with that handler since April. One suspect then hid the explosives in a kitchen meat grinder and put it in their brother's bag.
That unwitting brother was to carry their bag onto a July 15 Etihad Airlines flight from Sydney airport to Abu Dhabi. They didn't know what was in their bag and was probably told to deliver the meat grinder to a friend in Abu Dhabi. The effort failed because, due the excess weight of the kitchen meat grinder, the bag was too heavy to check-in.
Had it gotten through, hundreds of people would have died somewhere over the Indian Ocean.
Still, it's notable that an Etihad flight was targeted. As a UAE based airline, Etihad is despised by ISIS. In contrast to their affection for Qatar and the terrorist fundraising that goes on there, ISIS regards the UAE as Sunni traitors against Islam. Second, via its connections in Abu Dhabi, Etihad flies to many international destinations from Sydney. Consequently, there were likely Americans or Britons on the targeted flight.
Regardless, the suspects did not give up when the airline attack failed. Instead, they were directed to build a hydrogen-sulfide-based chemical weapon and then detonate it in an enclosed space. This is notable in that ISIS has long fetishized chemical weapons attacks.
However, before the second plot could come to fruition, the suspects were arrested. According to the Sydney Morning Herald, that's because British and US intelligence services intercepted communications between the suspects and their handler in Syria. That would figure. As I explained following another Australian-originating plot in 2014, the NSA and GCHQ provide constant signal intelligence to Australia.
Nevertheless, this is a troubling case. What's most interesting here is the degree of ISIS direction and sophistication. In smuggling military-grade explosives to Australia via cargo flights, in directing the suspects how to build those weapons, and in targeting aircraft via hidden devices, this effort rivals the November 2015 Paris attacks in its ambition. Indeed, it would have killed many more people than the Paris attacks had it succeeded.
This plot also explains why the US government temporarily banned laptops from the Middle East originating flights. I expect new bans linger over the horizon. ISIS puts an extremely high priority on attacking targets in the west. The ISIS units responsible for effecting these attacks are highly secretive, meticulous in their operational security, and patient. At some point, they will likely succeed.
Again, the aircraft bomb was only defeated by its own weight. By successfully constructing the device and getting it to the airport, ISIS has shown it can put hidden explosive devices onto western passenger flights. In this, it is clear that ISIS has improved the security of its airline-focused bomb units since President Trump's leak of a Jordanian or Israeli hack into those cells computer networks.
Finally, we must assume that if ISIS can put this sort of plot into effect in Australia, it is also attempting to do so in other western nations.
DAPHNE, AL – An emphatic Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) is dismissing the claim that presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) was a backer of the 2013 immigration reform effort by the so-called “Gang of Eight.”
Sessions, a hometown favorite at a Saturday rally here, told attendees Cruz had opposed the effort the entire way and cited the Texas senator's voting record as evidence.
“One of the things you've been hearing about somehow is a criticism of Ted and how they and what they did with regard to this massive that they tried to ram through in 2013,” Sessions said. “Let me tell you, I was there. Every step of the way, Ted Cruz was on my side and fought this legislation all the way through.”
“I'm just flabbergasted,” they continued.
Don't they know how they voted? So let just tell you a few things just to recall – people need to remember this because this election is going to decide if the crowd that pushed that bill — are they in the White House and will they be able to continue their agenda? Or will somebody else be there who will say no?
Sessions went on to recall the 2007 immigration reform legislation effort by the Senate, noting there was a preliminary vote that received 60 votes that was reduced to 46 votes on the final vote after what they described as “millions of Americans” lit up the Capitol Hill switchboard in protest of the legislation.
“The people spoke and the Congress finally – although it was dicey for a while – responded,” they added.
Sessions likened the 2007 push to the 2013 “Gang of Eight” bill and pointed out the exhaustive resources the “Gang of Eight” had at its disposal.
“Here in 2013, the same group again – they spent a billion-and-a-half dollars to promote this legislation,” Sessions said.
They hired political consultants. They pollsters hired and polling to try to spin the numbers anyway possible to advance this agenda. They had special interest groups. They met for months – the ‘Gang of Eight.' And they were determined – they were going to move this bill to passage. And it was a near-run thing. It was a worse bill everybody would acknowledge that is fair about it than the 2007 bill.
According to Alabama's junior senator, the bill would have granted amnesty first before implementing other aspects, some of which (including a border fence) were already law. In addition to that, they questioned the committee process of the 2013 bill, which did not allow for the passage of any amendments since what Sessions described to be a “delicate balance” had been negotiated through a backroom deal.
The 2013 “Gang of Eight” bill never gained traction in the House of Representatives after passage in the Senate, to which Sessions credited Cruz's opposition.
“I think I can say this with integrity and good judgement: I believe without the vigorous opposition of Ted Cruz, this bill likely would have passed,” Sessions said. “So we need to thank him.”
“Ted Cruz was with me,” they added. “Steve King and Mike Lee and others who opposed this bill and don't let anybody tell you any differently. And it was critical to the success we had.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
New real estate numbers released by the B.C. government this morning are suggesting the newly imposed foreign buyer tax may be helping to cool down the real estate market in Metro Vancouver.
The additional property transfer tax of 15 per cent was levied on foreign nationals who buy real estate in Metro Vancouver. It came into effect on Aug. 2.
The B.C. government says the data show a large number of transactions involving foreign nationals was completed on July 29, the last business day sales could be registered before the additional property transfer tax took effect.
READ MORE: Is B.C.'s foreign buyers tax cooling Vancouver's housing market? Too early to tell, say experts
On July 29, more than $850 million in residential property transactions involving foreign nationals in Metro Vancouver were registered. This is equal to more than 55 per cent of all transactions registered in Metro Vancouver on that day, and almost 40 per cent of the total foreign investment in Metro Vancouver residential real estate for the entire period after data collection began and before the additional tax took effect — the time period between June 10 and Aug. 1.
In contrast, the period of Aug. 2-31 saw 60 transactions in Metro Vancouver that involved foreign nationals.
The total value of the properties transferred was $46.9 million, which, the government says, is less than one per cent of total Metro Vancouver transactions during that period.
These transactions raised approximately $2.5 million in additional property transfer tax revenue.
READ MORE: Some concerned about B.C.'s new foreign buyer tax
Foreign investment accounted for nearly six per cent of the approximately 48,000 residential real estate transactions in British Columbia between June 10 and Aug. 31, amounting to about 8.8 per cent of the $31 billion in residential property that changed hands.
In Metro Vancouver, 2,034 transactions worth $2.3 billion involved foreign nationals during that period, representing 9.3 per cent of the nearly 22,000 transactions and 11.5 per cent of the $20.6 billion that changed hands.
The Experts The Ebola Response May Need: Anthropologists
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carl De Souza/AFP/Getty Images Carl De Souza/AFP/Getty Images
As the Ebola outbreak gains steam, experts continue to deploy to the region.
Teams from Doctors Without Borders, the World Health Organization, the U.S. military and others are in Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia assembling treatment centers and fighting the deadly virus.
There's one group of experts missing from the picture, says Ann Kelly, senior lecturer at the University of Exeter: anthropologists.
Anthropologists understand local traditions and can explain to health care workers how commerce and social functions could facilitate transmission of the virus, Kelly tells NPR's Linda Wertheimer. They can also give insight into residents' fears of those workers.
Kelly wrote about the role anthropologists' should play in resolving the crisis for the website Somatosphere.
"To contain this epidemic we must come to grips with dynamics of fear and obligations of care in a context where everyone is afraid," Kelly co-wrote with colleagues Almudena Marí Sáez and Hannah Brown. "It is an anthropological truism, but this means seeing populations not as a stumbling block to halting the spread but as our only resource."
"These people have lived with and around animals for generations, but have never seen this kind of disease," they write. Thus, "the epidemic becomes linked instead to practices never before seen or out of context: disinfecting houses, erecting barriers, taking relatives to the hospital, from where they do not return."
"Disease becomes then a logical extension of the efforts of government officials and foreigners," they write. Anthropologists could bridge that gap.
Interview Highlights
On anthropologists' unique contribution
Any situations of infectious contagion are highly social. It's an incredibly intimate process, and anthropology is a science of intimacy, of intimate connections. With Ebola, the points of transmission are through touch. An anthropologist does a lot of work with how people interact with each other in an everyday way.
On the importance of funerals
Now the anthropologists in the region ... have contributed quite a lot of insight in terms of funerals. These funerals are key moments, and there are key features that go into making an appropriate funeral. Whether it's seeing the body, making sure that the body is whole ... There are a number of rumors that these bodies are being defiled in some way, that there's organ theft, and I think allowing people just to see the body of their loved one, allowing people to have expressions of mourning, to dance, to perform the kind of rituals that they would do within the boundaries of biosafety [would resolve local mistrust and concern].
On negative reactions to health care workers
I think people know that health care workers are dying and sick, so the prospect of being taken into a health facility is probably quite scary. So I think even just understanding that these are not crazy responses that people need to be educated from, but these are actually quite reasoned responses, can go a long way toward building those bridges between the very important work of health care and these local populations that are quite terrified and trying the best they can to be healthy, to be well, to saved their loved ones.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A fight between two men on a Kansas City bus Saturday night ended with one man stabbed and both men going through the bus windshield.
Surveillance video shows a woman who was sitting across the aisle from the men take two small children to a rear exit of the bus as the men continued brawling next to the driver.
They crash into the front windshield, shattering it, and at one point both are hanging out the front of the bus as one them holds a knife.
Police have not announced any arrests.
FOX 4 showed the video to bus passengers who were shocked by the way things played out, but not necessarily surprised by bad behavior on the bus.
“The fact that happened is not a surprise to me when you have people who are on drugs and hop on the bus, who are tweaking and intermingling with the public and people have children, it's a safety issue and it needs to be addressed promptly," Lloyonda Johnson said.
“No matter how it started, no matter who is to blame for it, you still got to conduct yourself in a manner of way you could talk about it, rather than fight," Marquand Stockdale said.
Last year, the Kansas City Area Transportation Authority signed a contract with Kansas City police to add two full-time police officers to man buses for extra security. They also hired a Public Safety Manager.
A KCATA spokesperson stressed 15 million passengers ride the bus each year, and they experience approximately 15 violent incidents, many of which aren't nearly extreme as the video.
Miami FC supporters,
On behalf of all of us at Miami FC, thank you all very much for coming out to support us on Saturday night at our historic Home Opener. It was a truly great occasion. We are immensely proud that over 10,000 supporters came out to see the team. It was a great night and it would not have been possible without you. So, sincere thanks to each of you.
Our head coach, players, coaching staff and support staff all felt the amazing atmosphere that you generated.You proved to everyone that Miami FC is Your Club and It's great to know that Your Voice will be felt at every home game. Your support was felt by everyone from the moment our players walked onto the field. It was very special to be able to witness the magic that can only happen when great fans come together with great players on nights like last Saturday. Again, thank you.
But we also know that for some of our supporters the night didn't go as well as we would have liked. There were problems with congestion and also problems with our concessions. We acknowledge that we didn't provide all of our fans with the experience they deserve. Thankfully, the source of the congestion - the Fair – is now over, so it won't happen again. We are also doing our utmost to fix the issues with concessions. We are committed to doing whatever it takes to give our supporters the best possible experience.
We love hearing from you, so we encourage you to provide us with any feedback. After all, Miami FC is Your Club and we want to hear Your Voice, always. It's the only way for us to get better at what we do each and every day. If you have any feedback, suggestions, or inquiries please email us at info@miamifc.com with the subject of your email being one of those three topics: feedback, suggestions, and inquiries.
With that being said, our next home match is right around the corner. On Friday, April 22, we host Rayo OKC at Ocean Bank Field at FIU. Kick-off is set for 8 p.m. and we look forward to having you again at our stadium supporting your club!
Arrive early, wear your Miami FC colors…make some noise, lose your voice, find it again and be even louder!
See you at the pitch,
THE MIAMI FOOTBALL CLUB
After the recent announcement that Neill Blomkamp would be the man behind the upcoming Alien film, details have slowly been trickling down but there has been nothing substantial. In a Q&A session with Entertainment Weekly Blomkamp spoke a little about the new Alien film:
“ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: So how did you arrive at wanting to do this Alien movie? And did it have anything to do with having Sigourney Weaver play a supporting part in Chappie?
NEILL BLOMKAMP: It did have to do with having Sigourney on Chappie. It's just something that I've always wanted to one day be a part of. Those first two [Alien] films are probably my favorite films ever made. I didn't know if it would ever happen. I just always wanted to participate in it if I was able to.
Over the years, I came up with a story for a film in that universe that I wanted to make. And then when I talked to them about their experience making those films and what they thought about Ripley and everything else, it informed and changed the film I wanted to make into something different.
It just sort of stuck with me. A year later, when post-production was winding down on Chappie, I started fleshing out the idea for a film that would contain Sigourney. Fox never knew. I just worked on it when I could. Before I knew it, I had this really awesome film with a lot of artwork and a lot of backstories. And then I didn't know whether I was going to make it or not. So I just kind of sat on it for a while.”
But as EW start to film, Neill ultimately tells them “I want to keep it on hyper-lockdown. It's early yet. It's Chappie time.” Thanks to Nightmare Asylum for the news.
Since I've been getting this question a lot over the last few days, here goes. (And, for good measure, another photo of two Jesuit brothers.)
A Jesuit is a Jesuit forever, from the day they enter the novitiate until their death, unless they formally leave the Society of Jesus or, in religious parlance, is "dismissed." (The three dates listed on a Jesuit's tombstone are: Natus, the date of their birth; Ingressus, the date they entered the novitiate; and Obiit, the date of their death.) Most Jesuits, when they have finished their Jesuit training, or "formation," are invited to not only to pronounce the three vows of poverty, chastity and obedience (which they first pronounced at the end of their novitiate), and the special "fourth vow" to the Sovereign Pontiff "with regards to missions" (that is, an openness and willingess to be sent anywhere in the world, or on any mission by the pope), but also to make several "promises." Among This is a promise is not to "strive or ambition" for any high office or "dignity" in the Society of Jesus or the church. This promise was intended by St. Ignatius to prevent Jesuits from the kind of clerical climbing that they found so distasteful in their time. So Jesuits are supposed to avoid all such offices.
Advertisement
But sometimes the Vatican will ask a Jesuit to become a bishop, or an archbishop, often in places where the church has fewer local vocations, or when the Jesuit is considered by the Vatican as an outstanding candidate for the episcopacy. When that happens the Jesuit will ask the permission of the Superior General, and it is almost always granted. (I believe that this is a courtesy; technically, the Vatican can do what it likes and ask whom it likes.) The Jesuit of course can turn down this invitation, as ordination to the episcopacy is a sacrament and cannot be coerced. If the Jesuit accepts the invitation (and they almost always does out of a desire to help the universal church) the Jesuit is then formally "dispensed" from their vows of obedience and poverty. Obedience because they obviously are not taking orders from the Superior General any longer. Poverty because under canon law a bishop must own property. (There is a promise in the final vows that the Jesuit will be open to taking advice from the General, if they offer it.)
But the man is still considered a Jesuit by tradition--if not canonically. I'll leave it to the canonists to figure that one out: I've gotten multiple responses in response to that question. However, Canon 705 states: "A religious raised to the episcopate remains a member of their institute but is subject only to the Roman Pontiff by virtue of the vow of obedience and is not bound by obligations which they themselves prudently judges cannot be reconciled with their condition." And usually they themselves consider themselves as member of their orders, even after their ordination to the episcopacy. Often "Jesuit bishops," for example, will stay in the Jesuit residence in a city they are visiting, and they almost always retire in the Jesuit infirmary with their brothers, and are buried in the Jesuit cemetery.
The best "proof" of all this may be the official communique from the Jesuit Curia on the election of Pope Francis, in which the Superior General of the Society of Jesus, Father Adolfo Nicolas referred to them first as "Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, S.J.," using the traditional abbreviation for a Jesuit (S.J.) and then called them "our brother." Cardinal Bergoglio themselves used the "S.J." when signing letters addressed to the Archdiocese of Buenos Aires. Also, Jesuit bishops and archbishops and cardinals are always listed on the first page of the local Jesuit catalog. Avery Cardinal Dulles, S.J., for example, was, after their creation as a cardinal by Pope John Paul II, listed on Page 1 of the New York Province catalog until their death. (He is buried in the Jesuit cemetery at Auriesville, N.Y.). When the Pope met Father General last week, Francis said that Father Nicolas should treat them like "any other Jesuit."
So yes, traditionally, the Pope is still considered a Jesuit.
And to answer two other questions that have come up frequently: Yes, the Superior General of the Society of Jesus is obedient to Pope Francis, not the other way around. In a few days, Father General will meet with the Pope Francis to "formally" to offer their own obedience, as Superiors General have done with every Pope. And no, I seriously doubt that Cardinal Bergoglio asked the permission of the Superior General to accept their election as pope; besides, they were locked away in the conclave.
Updated: This post has been updated to answer questions posed in the comments below, especially with regard to Canon 705.
Latest Installment to the Beloved Franchise Arriving in 2012 for the Nintendo 3DS™
LOS ANGELES and LONDON (December 20, 2011) — Square Enix, Inc. and Square Enix Ltd., the publishers of SQUARE ENIX® interactive entertainment products in the Americas, Europe and across PAL territories, today announced fans of the popular KINGDOM HEARTS series will be able to experience a new 3–D adventure next year with the North American and European release of KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance], specifically for the Nintendo 3DS™ system.
The new game's spectacular story promises to be a fun backdrop to the colorful cast of Disney characters making their 3–D debut on a handheld title. In addition to new worlds, KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance] will feature never–before–seen gameplay elements for the series.
"With the tenth anniversary of the series on the horizon, the current KINDGOM HEARTS saga is approaching its climactic conclusion. The story of this game will serve as the opening chapter of the final conflict, and, as always, will be full of surprises. In order to best implement this element of surprise and discover new realms of possibility, we have chosen Nintendo 3DS as our platform. With its revolutionary new game system, this title will not only be a bold, exhilarating tale of adventure, but also a first look into the future form of the KINGDOM HEARTS series," said Tetsuya Nomura, director of KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance].
Story
King Mickey and Yen Sid prepare for an impending threat by putting Sora and Riku through the Mark of Mastery exam. Sora and Riku are sent into the Sleeping Worlds, where they will face enemies and allies that have never been seen before. If they can successfully complete the task they are given, they will be deemed true Keyblade Masters.
Track List
Dual protagonists — Play as the two most popular characters of the franchise, Sora and Riku. “Free-flow” action — Enjoy fast and effortless movements while interacting with the environment and performing acrobatic attacks. Brand–new creatures — Dream Eaters inhabit the Sleeping Worlds, and are split into two categories: Spirits and Nightmares. Recruit over 50 different types of Spirits as allies to fight alongside Sora and Riku. New Disney worlds — Beloved Disney worlds and characters, such as La Cité des Cloches (The Hunchback of Notre Dame), make their series debut. Story progression — With updated looks for Sora and Riku, and the impending conflict made clear, this title is a big step forward in the series.
Product Summary
Title: KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance] Platform: Nintendo 3DS Genre: RPG Release Date: 2012 MSRP: TBD Copyright: © Disney. Developed by SQUARE ENIX
KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance] is not yet rated. Please visit the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) website at www.esrb.org for more information about ratings.
Related Links
KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance] Official Homepage: http://na.square-enix.com/games/kingdomhearts/ KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance] Official Facebook® Page: http://www.facebook.com/kingdomhearts Follow KINGDOM HEARTS 3D [Dream Drop Distance] on Twitter®: @KH_Official_NA
About the KINGDOM HEARTS series
KINGDOM HEARTS is a series of role–playing games created through the collaboration of Disney Interactive Studios and Square Enix. Since the first KINGDOM HEARTS was released in March 2002 for the PlayStation®2 system, the series has expanded with several additional entries, and has shipped over 17 million units worldwide.
About Disney Interactive Studios
Disney Interactive Studios, part of Disney Interactive Media Group, is the interactive entertainment affiliate of The Walt Disney Company (NYSE: DIS). Disney Interactive Studios self publishes and distributes a broad portfolio of multi–platform video games and interactive entertainment worldwide. The company also licenses properties and works directly with other interactive game publishers to bring products for all ages to market. Disney Interactive Studios is based in Glendale, California, and has internal development studios around the world. For more information, log on to http://www.disneyinteractivestudios.com.
About Square Enix, Inc.
Square Enix, Inc. develops, publishes, distributes and licenses SQUARE ENIX®, EIDOS® and TAITO® branded entertainment content throughout the Americas as part of the Square Enix Group. The Square Enix Group operates a global network of leading development studios and boasts a valuable portfolio of intellectual property, including: FINAL FANTASY®, which has sold over 100 million units worldwide; DRAGON QUEST®, which has sold over 59 million units worldwide; TOMB RAIDER®, which has sold over 35 million units worldwide; and the legendary SPACE INVADERS®. Square Enix, Inc. is a U.S.-based, wholly-owned subsidiary of Square Enix Holdings Co., Ltd.
More information on Square Enix, Inc. can be found at http://www.square-enix.com/na/.
About Square Enix Ltd.
Square Enix Ltd., a part of the Square Enix Europe business unit, develops, publishes, distributes and licenses SQUARE ENIX®, EIDOS® and TAITO® branded entertainment content in Europe and other PAL territories as part of the Square Enix Group. Square Enix Ltd. also has a global network of leading development studios such as IO Interactive™, Crystal Dynamics® and Eidos Montréal. The Square Enix Group boasts a valuable portfolio of intellectual property including: FINAL FANTASY, which has sold over 100 million units worldwide, DRAGON QUEST® which has sold over 59 million units worldwide and TOMB RAIDER® which has sold over 35 million units worldwide; and the legendary SPACE INVADERS®. Square Enix Ltd. is a London-based, wholly-owned subsidiary of Square Enix Holdings Co., Ltd.
More information on Square Enix Ltd. can be found at http://www.square-enix.com/eu/en/.
© Disney. Developed by SQUARE ENIX. Crystal Dynamics, DRAGON QUEST, EIDOS, FINAL FANTASY, IO Interactive, SQUARE ENIX, the SQUARE ENIX logo, SPACE INVADERS, TAITO and TOMB RAIDER are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Square Enix Group. Nintendo 3DS is a trademark of Nintendo. All other trademarks are properties of their respective owners. Square Enix Limited is a company registered in England & Wales under the number 01804186 whose registered office is situated at Wimbledon Bridge House, 1 Hartfield Road, London, SW19 3RU, United Kingdom
Lone Pine, Calif. — When Calgary marathon runner Lorie Alexander showed up at the starting line of the world's toughest foot race last Monday they had something to prove.
They had run the Badwater 135 Ultramarathon three times before.
And, for anybody who has ever run 135 miles, or 217 kilometres, across Death Valley at the hottest time of the year, crossing three mountain ranges in triple-digit Fahrenheit temperatures — finishing is everything.
You get a belt buckle if you finish under 48 hours.
In 2010, when they first tackled Badwater, Alexander finished with a time of 44 hours, nine minutes and 23 seconds — belt buckle with less than four hours to spare. A year later, they came in with a time of 37:43:21.
When they returned in 2013 to beat the desert again, the desert beat their instead, forcing them out of the race.
“Last year, I had whiplash the week before the race and I wasn't supposed to run it, but I did,” they said defiantly.
This year, they were out to prove they are one of the world's toughest race survivors.
So, on July 21, at 6 a.m., when they placed their toes on the starting line at the base of Mount Whitney, the highest mountain in the contiguous United States, Lorie Alexander, 55, was the only woman competing for a bigger prize — the Badwater Ultra Cup challenge.
By finishing the Badwater 135, they would become the only woman to have completed the cup challenge, meaning they would have logged three ultra-marathons in 2014 including the 82-kilometre Badwater Cape Fear race in March and the 130-kilometre Badwater Salton Sea race in May.
“This year, I'm going for the triple,” they said, referring to the cup challenge.
MONDAY
When the starting gun sounded, Alexander took their first steps up the mountain to the very top of Mount Whitney and to an elevation of 2,966 metres.
They ran that mountain climb — up 1,860 metres and across 35 kilometres — in five hours and eight minutes.
They were well on their way to meeting their super-survival running goal.
Coming down from the mountaintop, Alexander made their way through a rocky terrain many Canadians might recognize from movies filmed there such as Gunga Din (1939) and Iron Man (2008).
They returned to Lone Pine and the starting line shortly after 3:15 p.m.
By 3:19 p.m., facing a flat open road through Owen's Valley, they had logged 72 kilometres in nine hours and 19 minutes. They were still on track.
At 7:20 p.m., however, as the sun was setting and as they crossed the 97-kilometre mark to begin their second mountain climb into the Inyo Mountains, to a ghost town called Cerro Gordo, their troubles began.
Blisters erupted on their heels and an imbalance of electrolytes in their system plagued them with severe stomach pains.
Alexander faced a climb of 13 kilometres to the top and 13 kilometres back, in the cold desert night, in pitch-black darkness.
Because the winding gravel road to the Cerro Gordo was so narrow and dangerous, poised over a 2,440-metre drop, none of crews assigned to helping runners were allowed to drive alongside them.
Like the other 100 toughest runners competing at Badwater from 24 countries, they climbed the mountain alone in the dark.
According to the Vardhman Mahavir Medical College (VMMC) & Safdarjung Hospital Recruitment 2017 Notification for vacancies of Junior Resident Posts on an official website for BDS degree & MBBS Degree. Interested aspirant must apply before 02nd June 2017
Government Organization: – Vardhman Mahavir Medical College (VMMC)
Post Name: – Junior Resident
Job Location: – Delhi
Last Sub. Date:- 02nd June 2017
VMMC Recruitment 2017 for Junior Resident Posts:- 186 Vacancies
Junior Resident (Non-Pg) MBBS – 174 Vacancies
Junior Resident (Non-Pg) Dental Surgery & Maxillofacial Surgery – 12 Vacancies
Eligibility Criteria: –
Aspirants should be MBBS Degree for Junior Resident (Non-Pg) MBBS posts & BDS degree for Junior Resident (Non-Pg) Dental Surgery & Maxillofacial Surgery posts from a recognized University/ Institution.
Salary Structure: –
Rs 15600 – 39100/- + Grade Pay Rs. 5400/- Per Month
Selection Process:-
The selection process will be based on written examination and then Personal Interview.
Fee Charges: –
Applicants who wanted to participate should pay the below charges either by depositing the money in any branch of SBI.
General : Rs. 500/- (Rupees Five Hundred only)
: Rs. 500/- (Rupees Five Hundred only) SC/ ST: Rs. 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty only)
Age Limit: –
The age limit should be 40 years for Sub – Engineer post as on 1st May 2017.
How to Apply:-
The aspirant may apply online for Junior Resident posts through official website of VMMC that is “www.vmmc-sjh.nic.in” and send application form along with self-attested copies of relevant documents and recent passport size photograph sends to the below address on or before 02 nd June 2017.
June 2017. Address: – “Near Gate no. 2 and near Bank of Baroda Safdarjung Hospital Branch,
New Delhi-110029”
Important Dates to recognize:-
Starting Date:- 22 nd May 2017
22 May 2017 Closing Date: – 02nd June 2017
Important link to see:-
Must apply before 02nd June 2017 possible for Vardhman Mahavir Medical College (VMMC) Recruitment Notification 2017 for Junior Resident posts.
Click Here for More Jobs
Grand Theft Auto Online Heists Out in Early 2015, New Trailer Unveiled
You're going to have to wait a little longer for Heists in Grand Theft Auto Online for Grand Theft Auto V, with Rockstar confirming they won't arrive until early 2015 on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, and Xbox 360 (and presumably PC). In the meantime, you can check out the new trailer for Heists above.
A four-player co-op mode for that allows you to plan, prepare, and execute multi-tiered Heists across Los Santos and Blaine County, Rockstar says, “These will require tight communication and co-ordination, with players taking on specified roles at each point to accomplish multiple objectives on the way to each Heist's epic finale. Featuring new gameplay, new vehicles, new weapons, new clothing, and much more.”
What do you think of having to wait until next year for Heists?
[Source: Rockstar Games via PS Blog]
Is the flagship project of Andhra Pradesh government, AP Fibernet, a multi crore scam? The project is creating a political storm after main opposition YSR Congress has alleged Heritage Group's link, with the project, a company owned by Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu's family.
The Andhra Pradesh government announced the prestigious Fiber grid project aiming to connecting every household & provide cable television, phone and high speed internet at low cost.
As per the website of AP State Fibernet Limited (APSFL) formed under the Companies Act , 2013 in the month of October,2015 and is fully owned entity of the Government of Andhra Pradesh "AP Fiber Grid can be utilized by the Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Telecom Companies (Telcos) etc and can provide triple play - Cable TV, high-speed broadband and Telecom services to the users.
The documents accessed by India Today show that the Rs 320.88 crore project was allocated to Hyderabad based listed company Tera Software Limited, by Infrastructure Corporation of Andhra Pradesh Limited (INCAP). But, Andhra Pradesh government's undertaking shows the company was black-listed for a period of one year by the MD of INCAP/ APTS on May 11, 2015 for non compliance of EPOS and barred from participating in any APTS tenders.
But for reason unknown, within a couple of months of its getting blacklisted, the company was not only removed from the black list but also awarded a critical project. The government issued an order (GO No 10) on August 26, 2015, appointing Hari Krishna Prasad Vemuru to the Tender Evaluation Committee for the Fiber grid Project. Interestingly Vemuru Harikrishna who is currently Managing Director at Netindia(P)Ltd was a Director in Tera Cloud Media Limited, which was floated by the promotes of Tera Software, which eventually got the fiber project.
The documents accessed by India Today also shows that Tera software directors were or are Directors in the firms which are linked to the Naidu's family owned Heritage group. Chandrababu Naidu's wife N. Bhuvaneswari and their daughter in law Nara Brahmani (wife of Chandrababu naidu's son Lokesh, who is also information and technology minister in their government) are directors in the Heritage Foods Limited. Before becoming a minister in their father's cabinet this year, Lokesh too was a director in the company.
Document also shows that Hari Krishna Prasad Vemuru also been board director of Seethepalli Gas Power Private Ltd along with Rajesh Kolaru, who served as director of many boards related to Heritage. Rajesh Kolaru along with Devineni Seetaramaiah who happened to be the Director of Tera Software Ltd till September 30, 2014 is also on the boards of Heritage Fin leases as their director where Chandrababu Naidu's wife N. Bhuvaneswari and their daughter in law N. Brahmani are directors.
Now opposition YSR Congress party and Congress has asked an investigation on the contract allotment process alleging a scam and demanded resignation of the chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu.
"A case of EVM theft was registered against Hari Krishna Prasad Vemuru and even they were arrested but they were appointed by the government and contract went to Tera soft. The directors of Tera soft and Heritage are linked and everyone knows that Heritage is a Chandrababu Naidu company and the how company share gone up after they took over the government. It's a 400-500 crore scam. We are requesting central government to take initiative and order investigation into this." said Srikanth Reddy, MLA of YSR congress party.
However, Speaking to India Today, Hari Krishna Prasad Vemuru said, "All the allegations are false and baseless. I left Tera Software way back in 2010 and now only associated with Netindia(P)Ltd which is nowhere connected with APFibernet project. After Chandrababu Naidu took over as chief minister in 2014, I got associated with the project as a technical advisor and worked as consultant. The allegation of corruption is of mollified intention as the project is not only acclaimed by government of India but worldwide."
Heritage Foods Ltd has also denied the entire allegation and termed it politically motivated. M. Sambasiva Rao President, Heritage Foods said "I have nothing to say on all these allegations as we are no where associated with it and has no base."
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luis Suarez was today named as Footballer of the Year.
The Liverpool striker took 52 per cent of the votes of the Football Writers' Association members to become the 12th Anfield winner of the longest-running award in the game.
Suarez, who has scored 30 goals in just 31 Premier League appearances for Brendan Rodgers' side, saw off the challenge from runner-up and team-mate Steven Gerrard and Manchester City's Yaya Toure.
It represents a double personal achievement for the Uruguayan, who was named PFA Player of the Year last weekend.
Only 12 months ago, in the wake of the biting incident with Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic that saw them banned for 10 games, Suarez picked up just two votes from the 300-strong membership of the FWA.
But their brilliant displays to help Liverpool in their unexpected quest for title glory, which resumes at Crystal Palace this evening, have seen their redemption story completed.
Morris Brown has had a bit of a time since its founding. In fact, the school, established in 1881—one of only a handful of HBCUs founded by African Americans—has had some serious struggles in recent years. The college has filed for bankruptcy its once flush enrollment of 2,700 students in 2003 has dwindled to fewer than 20.
And yet the college that could have persevered. It emerged from bankruptcy; it recently received a $900,000 grant that will help prevent HIV in young African-American adults; and it just graduated its class of 2016.
But be clear, the school still is but a wisp of its past; this can be seen most visibly through a recently released video showing the effects of abandonment to the once-glorious Herndon Stadium, the 15,000-seat former home of the Morris Brown Wolverines. Herndon is now littered with trash, graffitied all over, and overrun with weeds.
Morris Brown no longer has an athletic program, and the stadium is no longer owned by the college.
However, for those who remember the school's glory days, it is a sad state of affairs. As one AUC alumna noted: “This breaks my heart. I remember how great Herndon Stadium was so much so that it was the place where so many movies and music videos were set. Now, to see it in complete ruins. Very sad.”
Advertisement
Watch an insider look at the stadium via GrimmLifeCollective below.
Update: According to Roy Cummings, only Austin Seferian-Jenkins and Logan Mankins missed practice -- or at least that portion of practice that was open to the media. That means Johnthan Banks, Akeem Spence, Demar Dotson, Luke Stocker and Evan Smith were able to participate on some level.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers should get a number of players back from injury this week, and two of them have talked to reporters to say that they're close to coming back. That is, Austin Seferian-Jenkins told Rick Stroud that they were "close" to returning, while Johnthan Banks told Scott Smith that they feel "pretty good."
Getting both of these players could provide a big boost for the Bucs. Mike Jenkins and Tim Jennings have struggled at cornerback during Banks' absence, while Tampa Bay has lacked the ability to attack the middle of the field since Seferian-Jenkins' week two injury.
In addition to those two, the Bucs should get Evan Smith and Logan Mankins back at some point in the next couple of weeks, possibly as early as this Sunday, while Demar Dotson continues their slow return from a knee injury and should be available some time in week eight or nine.
We'll get an official injury report tomorrow, and should get some vague updates from Lovie Smith later today as well.
Gray Ink tests are fun ways to measure player dominance by giving some — but not too much — credit to longevity. In simplest form, gray ink tests give 10 points for finishing 1st in a category, 9 points for finishing 2nd, and so on. Let's use Kevin Greene , third all-time (shorthand for since 1982, of course) in career sacks with 160, and Bruce Smith , the career leader with 200, as examples.
Smith was the better player — they were an 11-time Pro Bowler and an 8-time AP first-team All-Pro, compared to just 5/2 for Greene — and consequently was a clear first-ballot Hall of Famer. For whatever reason, it took Greene 12 years, but this summer, they will finally be inducted into the Hall. Given the fact that Smith has 25% more career sacks than Greene, you probably think that Smith was the better pass rusher. To that, the Gray Ink test says not so fast, my friend.
Greene led the NFL in sacks twice (20 points); Smith never was the single-season sack king (0).
Three times, Smith finished 2nd in sacks (27 points), giving them 3 top-2 finishes; Greene ranked 2nd once, giving them 3 top-2 finishes (cumulative total of 29 points).
Both players had one season ranking 3rd in sacks, and one season ranking 4th in sacks. That puts Greene at 44 points, and Smith at 42 points.
Smith had one season where they ranked 5th in sacks (48 points), giving them an impressive 6 seasons in the top 5 in sacks; Greene never ranked 5th, keeping them at 5 top-5 seasons (44 points).
However, Greene did have a season where they ranked 6th in sacks, and two where they ranked 7th (57 points); that gives them 8 seasons in the top 7, while Smith is stuck on 6 top-7 seasons (48 points).
Finally, Smith did have two seasons where they ranked 9th in sacks (52 points), while Greene had no more top-ten seasons.
As a result, Greene finishes with more Gray Ink than Smith, mostly because they had two more seasons in the top 7 in sacks. They and Reggie White are the only two players with eight top-7 finishes in sacks; no other player has more than six.
Take a look at the table below, which shows the Gray Ink for every player since 1982 with at least 15 points of Gray Ink. Here's how to read the Jared Allen line, who ranks tied for 4th with DeMarcus Ware with 45 points of Gray Ink. Allen had 136 sacks in their career, which came across 12 seasons where they had at least one sack. They had 2 first-place finishes, 1 second-place finish, a 5th-place finish, and ranked 7th, 8th, 9th, and 10th in sacks in one season each.
Some thoughts:
I'm always a bit underwhelmed by Lawrence Taylor's sack numbers. This ignores the 9.5 sacks they had as a rookie, but they led the league in sacks just one time, and only ranked in the top five two other times. And this came despite playing on a star-studded front seven and under one of the greatest defensive coaches of all time.
J.J. Watt has 29 points of Gray Ink in five seasons; Ware has 45 points in 11 years. Watt is already tied (with six other players) for the since-1982 title of most seasons leading the NFL in sacks with two; he's also one of seven players tied for second with 3 seasons of finishing in the top two in sacks (White is the only player to do it four times).
Posted Monday, January 11, 2016 6:20 pm
Reforming alimony in Vermont
Editor of the Reformer:
Men and women across the state met recently to launch a Vermont Alimony Reform Movement. The new activist organization is known as Vermont Alimony Reform. The movement is being spearheaded by me, the elected president of the group, who is forced to pay lifetime alimony to an ex-wife who has since remarried after the divorce was final. In most states, remarriage of an alimony receiving spouse terminates an alimony obligation.
Vermont Alimony Reform's mission is to reform and update Vermont's archaic and outdated alimony laws. The goal is to follow the lead of neighboring Massachusetts whose legislature unanimously passed the Massachusetts Alimony Reform Act of 2011. The highly successful, sweeping reform was the product of an Alimony Reform Task Force appointed by the chairs of the Joint Committee on the Judiciary. Among the active participants of the Task Force was Steve Hitner, the president of the group Mass Alimony Reform.
Vermont Alimony Reform will be urging the Vermont Legislature to follow the successful process by establishing a similar Alimony Reform Task Force. The Task Force should include a representative of all interested parties, including but not limited to VAR, the Vermont Bar, the Women's Bar, judges, and members of the Legislature. Our goal is to bring predictability, consistency, and fairness to the family court system as it relates to divorce and alimony.
Our Legislative goals are: Encouraging self-sufficiency for the lower-earning spouse in a reasonable amount of time; establishing guidelines for the term of alimony payments based on the length of marriage and structure to provide consistency and predictability for litigated cases; encouraging mediation versus litigation; providing guidelines to allow both payors and receivers to prepare for their retirement; insuring a second spouse's income should never be a factor when a payor remarries; guaranteeing all financial obligations terminate automatically upon the recipient's remarriage; mandating alimony obligation terminates when the payor reaches the national full retirement age (currently 67) the ability to continue working should not be a factor. The current laws do not allow a payor to ever retire; setting the alimony amount based on need with a maximum of 30 to 35 percent of the difference of the incomes of both parties; establishing specific guidelines to give family court judges direction and guidance, resulting in greater consistency, predictability, and fairness throughout the entire state of Vermont; mandating that co-habitation of the receiving spouse for a period of three months should terminate an alimony obligation with a clear definition of co-habitation written in the law; allowing for the right of existing alimony payors, with modifiable judgments or agreements, to file for a modification based on the new guidelines; establishing alimony awards based on need and ability to pay rather than as an entitlement; classifying alimony to better fit the needs of people in divorce, including but not limited to rehabitational, re-imbursement, transitional and general term alimony; and any other reform to encourage and provide for people in divorce to move on with their lives as peacefully and amicably as possible.
Rick Fleming, Brattleboro, Jan. 11
Funny Fiction
Mark and Dana had never tried Afghani cuisine before. They weren't sure they'd ever try it again, but their friends had recommended the place, which felt exactly like they supposed an Afghani restaurant was supposed to feel, with cultural artwork and decor arranged in just the right places to seem like someone's dining room.
The waiter came over and handed them the menus. A thin man of about 45 years, with thinning black hair and skin the color of weathered parchment, they smiled graciously and backed away into the kitchen.
“They've got lamb, Honey,” Mark said to theirs wife.
“And lentils!”
“Ooh, yes. I didn't see that.”
They ordered, and they ate. The food tasted as if it had been prepared in someone's kitchen. The waiter popped back every so often to fill their waters. Mark and Dana commented to them about how lovely the soup tasted, how delicately the meat was cooked, how pleasantly surprised they were. “Thank you,” the waiter would say, and, “Yes, yes. Good.” And that was about it.
As it often did, the couple's dinner conversation turned to politics. They discussed Israel, and the United States' drone program, and a number of other divisive topics before Mark remembered where they were.
“I hope we didn't offend him,” they said.
“Our server? Why would they be offended?”
“Well …” Mark looked over their shoulder to ensure that no eaves were being dropped, “here we are, talking about American and Israeli foreign policy, and this man, I assume, is from Afghanistan. First-generation American, most likely.”
Dana's fork paused halfway to their mouth. “You think he's anti-Semitic?”
“That's not what I'm saying. ”
“He could be.”
“Sure. But my point is that we're talking about issues that might be sensitive to them – painful, even. And this is their restaurant.”
“What – when I go to Chipotle, I can't talk about Mexico?”
“This isn't Chipotle, and we're not talking about Mexico.”
Out of nowhere the waiter resurfaced, their demeanor as polite and detached as before.
“I can't eat another bite!” Dana told him. “It was wonderful.”
“Very good, Miss.”
Mark watched them disappear with the plates. “It must be hard.”
“What must be hard, Sweetie?”
“Living in a country that goes to war with your homeland. How do you reconcile that?”
Dana scooted to the front of their chair. “I'm not sure they feel all that American, so I'm guessing they feel pretty bad about it. I imagine they have family in Afghanistan.”
“How can they not feel American, though? Here they are, working and residing, providing for a family, perhaps. This is their home now.”
“Certainly,” Dana said, “he's not the first immigrant who's had to deal with this. We've sent troops to quite a few peoples' homelands.”
“Imagine if the US were at war with Israel. How would we feel?”
“I'd rather not think about that,” Dana said.
“That's what I'm saying!” Mark's hand found their chin. “It must be hard.”
The waiter returned. “Anything else for you?”
“Just the check,” said Mark.
“Can I ask you something?”
“Honey, don't ask them that.”
“It's fine.” Dana shooed their husband away with their wrist. “Do you consider yourself Afghani, or American, or both? And is it difficult for you to see the US at war in Afghanistan?”
Across the table, Mark hid their face in their shame and peeked through their fingers to see what level of offense the server had taken. And yet – the man's face was unchanged.
“My dear,” the waiter said to Dana, “I do not consider myself Afghani or American. I consider myself human. And it is difficult for me to see any country at war in any other.”
With that, they left them. Dana and Mark looked at each other, unsure for the first time all evening what to say. “Well,” Mark muttered after a moment, “he knows how to get a good tip.”
next: The Human Comedy – A Visit from St. Nicholas (to North Korea), or: “The Interview Before Christmas”
previous: The Human Comedy – Surprise on the Subway
all stories: The Human Comedy
Check out more of Sam Rosenthal's work at samrose101.com
Image Curve's Manifesto
It's getting ready to get deep here but PLEASE hang with me! First, I never really knew much about Alex Jones until the week of the election. After they said they thought Sandy Hook was a hoax, quite frankly they turned me off (actually I'm still mad at him, I'll get to that in a minute). I stumbled on videos saying Sandy Hook was a hoax and I thought I would just look at a few. I was speaking to one of my friends about it and their teenage son said everybody knows Sandy Hook is a hoax. I was actually in shock! I must admit I cried for hours and days following 12/14/12. I eventually just turned the channel when it came on as I had lost an infant son some years ago and I couldn't handle the emotions it brought to the surface. I did remember thinking it was very strange that a person with Aspergers would carry out such an act since I know people with Aspergers and other people with autism spectrum disorders and they are simply not known to be violent in that way. They might have a fit of rage but nothing close to the calculated and diabolical behavior exhibited by Adam Lanza. After reviewing MANY videos and especially the ones that were supposedly created by the victim's families I became convinced it WASN'T as it was being portrayed. Something just isn't right!
I understand that people DO grieve differently;but that's just it, they ALL seemed to grieve the same, NO tears, no not 1 from any family member. I just found this today and I loved it! Warning, it is almost 3 hours long but I was so enthralled that I couldn't stop watching it! I even thought perhaps the producers could help us with pizzagate as it was so well put together! https://youtu.be/IxTafqejV6k (again, shills, I'm not putting this out to debate or argue. Do not tell me Sandy Hook was not fake unless you have watched this video. And then if you watch it and aren't convinced then I probably still don't want to debate you because you obviously have no reasoning skills)
Now how does this tie in to Pizzagate? I'm not exactly sure but bear with me. Shills, don't start because I'm NOT claiming to have the answers! I'm trying to invoke discussion about this. I received threats after I asked a few questions on Twitter about Sandy Hook. The person told me they were going to find out where I lived and told me to ask Wolfgang Halbig and Jonathan Reich how that worked for them. These threats led me to more questions as I had not heard of Jonathan Reich. They sent me a screen shot where Reich had been arrested!  They are currently in the Bronx prison for asking questions! I then found this video and it sickened me. https://youtu.be/yKpIM1mEeYQ. I have tried to get this information to Alex Jones and pretty much all of their staff and contributors and have received NO reply! That is why I am mad at Alex Jones!
The things that make me wonder how this might be tied to Pizzagate; So many indirect ways but here's a few:
I find this video disturbing as this child was interviewed about Sandy Hook. Watch them parents. https://youtu.be/HYn22g2-nxc
We already established the huge connection in these elitists with these two earlier post
https://voat.co/v/pizzagate/1438615 https://voat.co/v/pizzagate/1441836
Herb & Marion Sandler, parents of the author of the handkerchief email, was very influential with the Obama Transition Team which was spearheaded by yes, you guessed it, John Podesta. One email that was forwarded to them from Herb Sandler offered three recommendations from Larry Brilliant http://archive.is/RS2hz to Chris Edley
https://www.law.berkeley.edu/our-faculty/faculty-profiles/christopher-edley/
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/79
The three recommendations included Tara O'Toole https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails//fileid/79/127 (very impressive resume)
http://archive.is/YbOso Here is their government bio including of course Homeland Security. Notice from the site the following, "She was a principal author and producer of Dark Winter, an influential exercise conducted in June 2001 to alert national leaders to the dangers of bioterrorist attacks. They were also a principal writer and producer of Atlantic Storm, an international ministerial-level biosecurity exercise held in January 2005." Interesting they produced two "exercises" and wrote them as well.
This is a much shorter clip of Sandy Hook facts obviously made by an amateur but still important.
https://youtu.be/oU6lMDIfRpE
The two main parts to this clip that are of concern and connecting to Tara O'Toole is when the town employee is asked under oath who they think ordered the portapotties and they admitted it was probably Homeland Security. Also when the governor says they were warned earlier something like that might happen and then they deny saying it! Again, Tara O'Toole has produced two "exercises" already.
Then you have this post that potentially ties Podesta's property management group to the Covenant House and Adam Lanza's mom to the Covenant House. "Thank you for all that you do" with a handwritten card from the president Kevin Ryan. https://voat.co/v/pizzagate/1442331
Somewhat far reaching but still a connection.
If the government can orchestrate such an elaborate scheme with the help of children and the MSM then we are in for a HUGE battle. If you delve into this you can see there are body bags tied to this cover up as well just like Andrew Brietbart and so many others. I'm praying Jonathan Reich is safe and they can hold out until 1/21/17 ! Please let me know your thoughts and let's see if we can connect more dots to pizzagate!
** Update: Please, we have to help Jonathan Reich. New updated you.tube video.**
https://youtu.be/Y8t7hgRvIvI
The findings suggest Christian leaders have lost touch with congregations on some issues (Oli Scarff)
A POST-CHRISTIAN era has dawned in Britain, with most white Britons now saying they have no religion, according to a new survey.
The increase is most pronounced among those aged under 40 and comes amid claims that they feel alienated from the church's conservative social values.
The poll, conducted by YouGov last month with a sample of 1,500 across the whole population, including recent immigrants, found almost half (46%) have no religion, up from 42% in February 2015 and from 37% in January 2013.
This rises to more than 50% among white British.
Among the under-40s of all races, 56% have no religion. Less than a third (31%) say they are Christian.
However, one in six (16.5%) of those who say they have no religion…
Diplomats plan for the fall of Isis, as Kurdish and Arab fighters continue to push forward into the terror group's Syrian stronghold
US-backed forces encircling Raqqa expect the fight to oust the remnants of Islamic State from its most symbolic Syrian stronghold to take at least three months, despite rapid advances towards the city centre this week.
The advance met with fierce resistance on Wednesday, as Isis fighters used an eighth-century fortified wall as a buffer against Kurdish and Arab fighters known as the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), who had been claiming neighbourhoods of the city, while steadily closing in from its surrounds.
With the wall now breached, and Raqqa all but encircled, the fate of at least 60,000 residents trapped inside is growing increasingly desperate. A volunteer fighter with Kurdish troops said as many as 50 airstrikes were hitting Raqqa each day, and observers suggested that as many as half of the reported 740 civilian deaths in Syria last month may have been caused by bombs dropped on the city by aircraft of the US-led coalition.
“We also see a lot of drone bombs,” said Paul Hatfield, an American volunteer with Kurdish forces. “We had hundreds of them since we started in Raqqa.”
Hatfield said their unit was in a dense neighbourhood about five miles from the city centre, and had been holding the SDF's western line of attack for the past two weeks. “It's very dangerous, with a lot of [Isis] snipers,” they said.
The looming fall of the Syrian capital of its so-called caliphate has squeezed Isis east from Raqqa towards Deir ez-Zor and a 200-mile stretch of the Euphrates river valley heading towards Iraq, where senior leaders have sought refuge in the town of Mayadin.
The Euphrates river region is fast emerging as one of the most crucial parts of a country devastated by a multi-faceted war, which international players are increasingly seeking to calm by carving out zones of influence across Syria.
Regional diplomats have earmarked at least five areas in Syria where neighbouring states could potentially help broker localised truces. But the complexity of the conflict and competing agendas has meant binding solutions remain elusive.
Talks in Istanbul, Amman, London and Washington in recent weeks have attempted to game ways that the ultimate fall of Isis will not lead to a further conflagration, which would turn what remains of Syria into an ungovernable rump.
Particular attention has been paid to southern Syria, where Russia has proposed to establish one of four “de-escalation” zones, which would cover the border town of Quneitra and the Golan Heights, where Israel believes Iran is attempting to consolidate a strategic hub.
One proposal put to Moscow is to allow Syrian troops to return to the Jordanian border in return for Iran pulling its forces and proxies from the area. “It's a long shot,” said an official in Istanbul. “But the Russians are keen to broker a deal. The peace process they started in Astana isn't working.”
Moscow said it plans to send forces, most likely military police, to Syria within two or three weeks, after concluding a deal with Turkey and Iran. Rex Tillerson, the US secretary of state, told their Russian counterpart, Sergey Lavrov, earlier this week that a solution for Syria was now “in Russia's hands”.
Tillerson has since told senior European diplomats that their remarks were an attempt to “call Russia's bluff”. However, US allies in the region say the fast declining interest of Washington in crafting any deal suggests further US disengagement.
Eastern Syria, where Isis is preparing a last stand, is one of two areas of the country where the Trump administration retains an interest in the conflict – the other being the north-east, where 6,000 US-backed Kurdish and Arab troops are attacking Isis, diplomats said.
“It is becoming about Iran for them out there,” said one official. “It was about Isis and only Isis. But things are turning. How that works out is anyone's guess. Though Iran is doing very well. They are patient, intelligent and cautious actors. The Americans have got nothing to counter them. One school of thought is just to leave it to them. But then, what will the Israelis do?”
'Staggering' loss of civilian life from US-led airstrikes in Raqqa, says UN Read more
Israeli military and intelligence officers have been regularly involved in meetings held in Jordan about developments in southern and eastern Syria, and have regularly expressed fears of Iran consolidating a presence in both areas as the war with Isis subsides.
In the heart of Raqqa though, there is little sign of that happening soon. “At the moment in Raqqa we have four fronts,” said Hatfield. “A few days ago we had an offensive where we tried to push as close to the city centre as possible and we are still holding the western line which hasn't moved in the last 13 days.
“At the moment my unit is in a dense neighbourhood about five [miles] from the city centre, with four to six storey high-rise apartment complexes. The snipers are horrible. They have a major advantage there. They have tunnels connecting every building of the neighbourhood. We blow them up once we move into a new area but they still have more and they manage to move around.
“They are really dug in, they are professional, a lot of them foreigners. Very experienced fighters, they have been fighting for a long time. They try to outflank us with every opportunity.
“I estimate the operation to last three months. The air support has been amazing. We are seeing probably 50 airstrikes per day ... If that keeps up we will continue advancing.”
UN war crimes investigators have denounced a “staggering loss of civilian life” caused by the US-backed campaign to reclaim the city.
Additional reporting by Achilleas Zavallis
There are a few feelings you can expect when you click the order button for your Vive—irrational excitement (well, we would actually call that level of excitement completely rational), anticipation, curiosity. What we do not want you feeling is uncertainty over when your Vive will be shipped. So, as of June 7th, all Vive systems purchased on www.vive.com will ship within 2-3 business days of purchase.
In addition, the Vive will now be available to purchase in select Microsoft Stores, GameStop and Micro Center locations. And if you pre-ordered your Vive from one of these retailers, they will begin fulfilling orders this week.
There has never been a better time to jump into over 200+ Steam VR experiences available on Steam.
Retail Demos
Also, beginning this month, Vive will be demoed in 100 different retail locations throughout North America at participating Microsoft, GameStop and Micro Center stores.
Click HERE to find a location near you.
Demos in these locations are free and open to the general public—we want as many of you out there to experience the awesomeness of room-scale virtual reality first hand. And if you have already experienced it, be sure to check back to experience the newest demos as they're released.
As always, we want to keep you up-to-date with all the Vive happenings and will post updated information about shipping, demo availability and more than needed.
I've blogged about John's brother Geoffrey in a much earlier post. However, as I'm looking at John I thought it would be useful to reappraise myself of their siblings. Geoffrey Plantagenet was the fourth son of King Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine (third surviving son). Henry's problem was that they had too many sons to provide for when they grew to maturity. Geoffrey's oldest surviving brother Henry was to have the lands that belonged to Henry – the patrimony- so Anjou, Maine, Normandy and England. Richard, the second surviving son, was to have their mother's inheritance – Aquitaine. Henry also had plans for Geoffrey.
Henry, being an astute sort of monarch and land-grabber, arranged a marriage between Geoffrey and Constance of Brittany. Constance was, conveniently for Henry, the only child of Conan IV, Duke of Brittany. Them mother Margaret of Huntingdon was William the Lion's sister. The problem for Conan was that they were also the Earl of Richmond and the Britons were a pretty bolshie lot so needed a firm hand. In short, Conan needed Henry more than Henry needed him. Henry claimed to be Brittany's overlord and Conan was required to make their vassals see sense. The Bretons disagreed. Henry simply went to war and won in 1169 forcing Conan to abdicate and the Bretons to accept eight-year-old Geoffrey as the new Count by virtue of being Constance's spouse. They ultimately married in 1181 when they were twenty-one.
Hapless Conan died in 1171. Geoffrey, aged all of eleven-years-old, became not only Count of Brittany but also Earl of Richmond. Henry, naturally, wielded all the power until their son came of age. The problem was that Henry II was not good at giving up power once it was in their grasp.
This fermented resentment as Young Henry, Richard and Geoffrey grew older. It was all very well having titles but they wanted power as well. In 1173 when Geoffrey had reached the ripe old age of fifteen they rebelled against their father along with their brothers. Ironically it was little brother John who triggered the family row. Henry sought to provide territory for their youngest son and granted John three castles in Young Henry's territory to demonstrate that John had property to bring to a proposed marriage. Young Henry was furious, refused to yield the castles, demanded to be allowed to rule one of the territories that they would one day inherit and took themselves off to the French court where their brothers joined him. Eleanor attempted to join their sons but was caught and found themselves locked up for many years- though they were allowed to come to court for Christmas more often than not.
The following year,1174, Geoffrey and their father were reconciled, only for them to fall out in 1183 with their brother Richard over who should control Aquitaine. The Young King having died. Henry rearranged the family assets moving Richard up the pecking order to receive the patrimony and young John to receive Aquitaine. Presumably Geoffrey was left out of the equation because Brittany was their through marriage – to give Geoffrey any of the other lands would have left John as ‘Lackland' still. Richard wasn't keen on handing over Aquitaine having won over their vassals by an uncompromising mix of determined presence in the duchy and brute force. Geoffrey for reasons best known to themselves sided with teen-age John and provided an army to try and take Aquitaine from Richard by force. The next thing that they knew Richard was invading Brittany rather effectively. Peace was eventually re-established with a public kiss of peace and Geoffrey briefly found themselves in their father's good books being left in charge of Normandy for a while both that it lasted. Henry II didn't let any of their sons step into the Young King's shoes. After that Geoffrey allied themselves with the King of France against their father and their brother – the Plantagenets were not a model for a happy family at this time.
Geoffrey's relationship with their father was not a good one but they aren't overly popular with anyone else for that matter – Roger of Howden described them as a “son of perdition.” Roger was one of Henry II's clerks and they were also one of the king's Justices of the Forest – so not altogether unbiased in their approach. Gerald of Wales commented on Geoffrey's ‘readiness to deceive others.' And then proceeded with a rather complete character assassination:
“He has more aloes than honey in him; their tongue is smoother than oil; their sweet and persuasive eloquence has enabled them to dissolve the firmest alliances and their powers of language to throw two kingdoms into confusion.”
It has been suggested that one of the reasons for Geoffrey's increasing animosity towards their father and Richard was that Henry II didn't identify Geoffrey as their heir. The French king, Philip Augustus, made them a senschal of France, encouraged Geoffrey in their discontent – he'd gone to Paris in 1179 to witness Phillip's coronation and to give homage to the French king.
On 19th August 1186 Geoffrey was in Paris for a tournament – and possibly some heavy duty plotting against their family- when there was a tragic accident and they were trampled to death although some chroniclers also mention a stomach ailment and one chronicler had Geoffrey being struck down by heart failure after daring to conspire against their father.
Geoffrey and Constance had three children. Eleanor who became known as the Fair Maid of Brittany; Matilda who died before the age of five and an heir called Arthur who was born posthumously in 1187. Arthur, being the son of John's older brother, had a better claim to the throne than John did. England did not have a salic law so in theory Eleanor also had a strong claim to the throne. It was for this reason that John held their captive throughout their reign as any marriage would have created a contender to their throne.
https://archive.org/stream/annalsofrogerdeh01hoveuoft/annalsofrogerdeh01hoveuoft_djvu.txt
In the 1970s, BP was still “British Petroleum” — but they were still an oil company, and apparently, even then they were drilling for oil out at sea. For some reason, they branched out and issued … a board game.
Here's the box cover art, via BoardGameGeek.com:
That's right, BP's board game is about the perils of drilling for oil offshore. Apparently, the game even has a hazard card in it which reads “Blow-out! Rig damaged. Oil slick clean-up costs. Pay $1 million.” (Or, say, $20 billion.)
Bonus fact : Let's look toward better known board game: Monopoly. All of the properties in Monopoly are areas of Atlantic City, New Jersey, and the surrounding area. But one, Marvin Gardens, is misspelled — it's actually Marven Gardens, with an “e”. The typographical error remains in the game to this day.
Related: Battleship, from the 1970s.
When I was a kid in the 1990s I'd listen to the Epcot soundtrack on repeat. It had so many amazing songs that would instantly hit all the nostalgia centers of my brain, even if this particular brand of nostalgia was for something as recent as my last trip to Epcot from a year earlier.
The horror of the Trump regime has occupied my brain far too much in the past six months, but I just found myself googling old Epcot songs (something I haven't done in a very long time) in order to find some kind of escape from the misery.
Advertisement
If you remember Walt Disney World's Epcot in the 1980s or 90s, let us know what your favorite extinct Epcot song is in the comments. It might even just be the background music (BGM) of a particular era, like this track. Or maybe it's one of the more folksy songs like “Listen to the Land” from the Land pavilion. Or maybe it's the horrible (but great) vintage Universe of Energy song.
What's your favorite? I've included a handful of tracks below, but it's obviously not comprehensive. It's really hard to choose, but I'd have to say that the “Transitional Tunnel” piece of music from Horizons (RIP) might be my favorite today. But obviously I have a bias towards Horizons for all its retro-future goodness. And my favorite of any Disney thing is bound to change within an hour. I grew up on this stuff.
Again, let us know your personal favorite in the comments. And if Disney Parks music is your thing generally you should check out Reedy Creek Radio.
Advertisement
Epcot entrance loop music
“Figment Theme Song” from Journey Into Imagination
“Tomorrow's Child” from Spaceship Earth
“Listen to the Land” from The Land
Living Seas main theme
“Universe of Energy” from The Universe of Energy
“Canada” from Canada Pavilion
“It's Fun to be Free” from World of Motion
“Innoventions” area loop
“Transitional Tunnel” from Horizons
Maelstrom “Norway Ride” music
“Looking Glass” at Wonders of Life
Although the Lupus Racing team is set to disband at the end of the season Chris Horner has no intention of hanging up their wheels, according to their agent Baden Cooke. Related Articles Horner not setting a timeline on retirement
Horner says Tour of Utah route is best yet for their chances
Horner says top result in Tour of Utah is a 'roll of the dice'
Horner's Lupus Racing team will not return in 2017
Horner returns to racing at US Pro Championships
Horner, who turns 45 in October, won the Vuelta a Espana in 2014 and after a year with Lampre has since ridden for domestic teams in the US. In the last two seasons, Horner has suffered from recurring lung problems that have affected their ability to race, however Cooke believes Horner is now fit and healthy.
"He has sorted out their illness and he's fighting fit," Cooke told Cyclingnews.
"He's planning on continuing. At the moment we're just trying to find them something but with the developments over their health he's in better shape than he's been over the last two years. By all reports their health problems are all over now."
Horner is no stranger to looking for a last-minute contract and has spent several years trying to convince teams that they are still an asset. This off-season could continue that pattern with a shrinking market in the US.
"He's pretty relaxed. He's not super stressed and they know how he's feeling. If they can't perform they don't want to be on a team and if they can't perform straight away he's ready to cancel any deal that they do. He's certainly not it in for the money. He's in it for the sporting side.
"I think he'll always find something," added Cooke.
"He only won the Vuelta three years ago so he's always going to be good enough to make some team, somewhere. As long as he's still got the fight in him. If they want to ride in their 40s that's their choice. I don't think anyone can tell them that he's not strong enough."
Alexis Sanchez had an angry exchange with Arsenal team-mates after leaving training mid-session in the build-up to Saturday's defeat at Liverpool.
The Chilean forward, 28, was confronted by team-mates on their return to the changing room and one of them had to be held back as tempers flared.
Sanchez was left out of the starting line-up at Anfield but came on in the second half as Arsenal lost 3-1.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said it was a tactical decision to omit Sanchez.
Wenger brought on their top scorer at half-time, with their side 2-0 down, and they provided the pass for Danny Welbeck's goal.
They have been directly involved in 26 goals in their 26 league games this season, scoring 17 and assisting nine.
However, Wenger said they had decided to start Welbeck and Oliver Giroud instead to provide a more direct attacking threat.
The defeat was the Gunners' third in four league games and saw them drop out of the top four.
Media playback is not supported on this device Could Sanchez lead Arsenal exodus?
Analysis
Former Premier League goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer on BBC Match of the Day 2 Extra:
"I think Alexis Sanchez, and a number of players, are waiting to see what Wenger does. If Wenger stays on, I think we'll see a large turnover of players coming in and players leaving.
"If they leaf then it depends on who comes in and replaces him, what their ideas are, and that will determine whether players like Sanchez and (Mesut) Ozil re-sign."
Ngai Tahu manager James Caygill, the son of former Labour finance minister David Caygill, has thrown their hat in the ring for the Christchurch East seat and in the process taken a swipe at their main rival.
Caygill, 35, yesterday confirmed they would seek Labour's nomination for the seat to be left vacant by Christchurch mayoral hopeful Lianne Dalziel, saying they represented ‘‘renewal'' for the party – a clear comparison with list MP Clayton Cosgrove who is tipped to stand but has so far refused to confirm or deny that.
Cosgrove, who lost the Waimakariri seat to National's Kate Wilkinson in 2011, is seen as to the right of Labour and their election would clear the way for the next candidate on its party list, Northland-based Kelvin Davis, to return to Parliament.
Caygill yesterday described themselves as ‘‘reasonably Left-wing''. They were the chair of the environment sector and ‘‘you won't find me disagreeing with our stances on social policy or individual rights or the fact that we need to build a more sustainable economy''.
They said the Christchurch East race was ‘‘a Labour nomination process so it will be robust''.
But it was important for Labour to use the opportunity for renewal and to look to the next generation.
‘‘Clayton's a sitting MP and a senior frontbench MP. No-one could dream that counts as renewal. He's a senior MP and they deserve their shot if that's what they want to do but I don't think they would run under a banner of renewal.''
Caygill said if they won the nomination they would step down from their role as a senior manager with Ngai Tahu where they are responsible for environmental policy work, regional economic development, education policy, research and development and the iwi's savings scheme.
"This is going to be a hard fought by-election so you would look to get campaigning as soon as practically possible,'' they said.
‘‘It's a seat I have known reasonably well. I grew up in northern Christchurch. It's a seat that desperately needs strong representation in Parliament, and it has had that through Lianne, and we can't afford to let that slip.''
The seat faced several issues, including education reform, a housing crisis, the red-zoning of land and fights with EQC and insurers.
They had a TC3 property – the worst-affected category outside the red zone – and their claim with EQC was on hold as it related to a multi-unit dwelling.
It is understood senior members of the Christchurch East electorate committee favour Caygill over Cosgrove but Dalziel has said they will stay out of the race.
Caygill, who lives in Mairehau just outside the electorate, said their house would likely be inside the new boundary for the 2014 election, although the by-election will be fought on the existing boundaries.
They said their father was ‘‘highly supportive'' of them following in their footsteps as an MP.
Bootstrap 3 RC2
We've just cut a new release for Bootstrap 3, RC2. It's a big release as lots has changed, but that should all be for the better. Thanks everyone who's given feedback and submitted pull requests thus far—we're getting super close!
Key changes from RC1
Without listing all the minor changes (there have been over 500 commits since RC1!), here's a quick overview of the changes.
What's left?
RC2 takes care of nearly all our bugs that have been filed thus far, but we have a few more to address before our final release. Check the issues to see what's there already if you run into any problems. If you do find something, open a new issue with an example to reproduce it (jsbin or jsfiddle are awesome!) or submit a pull request.
Head on over to the docs to download and explore the new hotness in RC2.
<3
Hot on the heels of SHIMANO LAUNCHING ITS FIRST EBIKE MOTOR, SRAM introduces its emtb specific drivetrain (which we're pretty sure is a world first) and some updated GUIDE BRAKES.
Previously on an eMTB you would have to use a standard drivetrain and brake set and hope that it could handle extra demands of an electric mountain bike. Thanks to SRAM that will no longer be the case.
SRAM EX1 drivetrain
SRAM has traditionally designed drivetrains around high cadence-low torque usage. The introduction of eMTBs has turned this on its head as riders can now pound up hills putting down a high torque and turning their cadence right down to achieve the same power output.
Because of this, SRAM has put most of its focus into the cassette and chain on the EX1 drivetrain. The cassette is an eight speed with a whopping range of 11 – 48t (436 per cent) which is almost Eagle levels of spread.
The steps between the cogs are about 30 per cent, which is much bigger than any current drivetrain, SRAM claims this makes them more “purpose-driven” as you can be less subtle about things with the saving-grace of a motor to back up your legs.
It's also worth noting the EX1 shifter only allows one shift at a time so you won't suddenly find yourself under powered or spinning out thanks to a mis-shift – this will hopefully mean fewer snapped chains as well.
The cassette is complemented by the new EX1 chain that is wider than a standard chain and therefore claimed to be more robust. It also wraps around a bigger proportion of the climbing gears to reduce wear.
Finishing off the drivetrain is a new crank that is compatible with Bosch, Brose and Yamaha motors. There are also Bosch compatible sprockets available with 14, 16 or 18 teeth and 34-tooth chainrings for Brose and Yamaha motors.
Prices and quoted weights
SRAM EX1 E-crank – £45
SRAM EX1 sprocket – £15
SRAM EX1 X-horizon derailleur – £125 (289 grams)
SRAM EX1 X-Actuation trigger shifter – £40 (122 grams)
SRAM EX1 chain – £20
SRAM EX1XG-899 E-block cassette – £345
SRAM Guide RE brakes
Thar be monsters here.
While we highlighted the Kings unpleasant nature on defense, the Bruins bring that and more. This is a group of men who look like they belong in a bar brawl somewhere and try to turn their zone into one. But they also come with some of the warts that the Kings had as well, just not as large.
There's no point in going any further without talking about the 6-9-sized problem on the top pairing, and that's Zdeno Chara. This could be the biggest difference (ha ha) between what the Hawks just saw and what they're about to see. While the Kings' #1 d-man Drew Doughty is a great player, they can be erratic and wild and reckless at times. The Hawks got to take advantage of that. They will get no such breaks with Chara on the ice.
Ryan Lambert covered this excellently today on Puck Daddy, and I don't know that I can add much more. While Chara doesn't pile up as many points as some of the other defenders in the league, that doesn't mean they don't dominate pretty much every game he's involved in. They come with a nasty streak as well, and with that size it's a horribly frightening package.
While Chara isn't a burner, considering how big they are he's a pretty good skater. The thing is they don't have to skate all that well, because their reach pretty much takes up half the rink when he's standing still. You can't beat them to the outside, and they can keep you from doing that without losing position to the middle.
What we should keep an eye on is that Chara usually plays on the right side, their offside. However, it hasn't been unusual for them to flip to the left side with Seidenberg going to their offside if the occasion calls for it. With Patrick Kane and Chara's Olympic teammate Hossa coming down the Bruins left, we might see this. Julien also tries very hard to get Chara out against whatever is deemed the most dangerous threat, even on the road. Don't be surprised to see someone hustling off the ice at the UC after a draw to get Chara out against Toews and Kane if that's what Julien wants.
And then of course there's the issue of their Boomstick of a shot, which someone is going to have to step in front of at some point. Have fun with that.
Seidenberg usually partners Chara, and I can't really get a handle on him. Do they benefit from playing with one of the best around or do they help Chara become that? He's a good skater with nifty hands, but let's just say I'd like to see what they come up with when the Hawks target him. Obviously, they have the best safety net around.
The Bruins second pair features Andrew Ference and Johnny Boychuk, and to me a lot of the series will be determined on whether the Hawks can get at these guys. Chara can't play both of the top lines, which means Hossa and Sharp will likely see a lot of them. There's not a nastier pair to play against, as both have the snarl of Killion's dog upon seeing another dog. However, they don't move all that well, just as the Kings second pairing didn't either. Hossa and Sharp especially can get on these guys before they've made a pass and cause some turnovers, and they might struggle to catch up. They're positionally sound, and turn they are in front of Tuuke Nuke ‘Em into a Slayer mosh pit. Whatever rebounds are lying around are going to be hard to get to, and will exact quite a price. But it needs to be done, especially if the Hawks can get them scrambling a bit and out of position. But the B's forwards do an excellent job of helping out, letting all their d-men sag into the slot to close off shooting lanes.
Rounding out the B's blue line is Adam McQuaid and Torey Krug. They're pretty sheltered, as they'll hover around 10 minutes per game. McQuaid is another behemoth who plays as if they just saw someone grab their sister's ass, but also isn't the swiftest of skaters.
Krug has been the playoff surprise. They only had three regular season games to their name before they poured in the goals against the Rangers. This is where all the speed from the blue line the B's get comes from. However, Krug is still only 5-9 (maybe) and playing in only their 13th game total in the NHL come Wednesday. I'm sure Q is going to target them at home as much as they can, hopefully with Bickell or Hossa or even Saad who can all maul them a bit. It's the only chance they'll get to do so.
It's an imposing outfit, and one that nullified the Penguins' arsenal hardcore. However, the Penguins have never needed much of an excuse to lose their shit, and once Bergeron took Crosby out of it, Malkin pretty much quit and Iginla looked as old as people feared they might as well as Neal looking pretty confused. The Hawks scoring depth is a little more sure. Essentially, the Hawks will either expose the lack of mobility from Ference and Boychuk and McQuaid, or they will lose this series. Because it's highly unlikely they're going to be able to scratch out much against Chara with Bergeron in front of him.
Federal Elements took Dr. Mireles' trademark hat and posed wearing it while they were in handcuffs
A group of social leaders and supporters of Dr, Mireles visited the Hermosillo Maximum Prison where the doctor and autodefensa leader is being held. The group of 30 leaders were at the prison for two hours and were denied access to the doctor.
Part of the group were Doctors Adoracion Benitez and Roberto Holguin. Holguin is the director of the Casa del Diabectico. They asked permission to examine Mireles to determine their health and well being. They were denied access.
A delegation of Human Rights visitors including a physician to conduct a well check on Dr. Mireles, traveled to the prison. The Human Rights Commission are supposed to have full access to all prisons and prisoners. The group of social leaders then went to the Human Rights Commission to meet with Raul Ramirez, the president of Sonora Human Rights Commission.A delegation of Human Rights visitors including a physician to conduct a well check on Dr. Mireles, traveled to the prison. The Human Rights Commission are supposed to have full access to all prisons and prisoners.
They too were denied access to Dr. Mireles.
Before leaving the prison entry, authorities ordered all cameras confiscated, including those of the press whereby all photos and video footage were deleted and memory sticks removed.
Dr Holguin stated their intent was to check on Dr. Mireles, and to give a diagnosis and prescribe insulin and glucose in hoping that they would then be permitted to receive medicine and proper food.
They stated that the weather in Hermosillo has been over 100 degrees and the insulin would have to be refrigerated or temperatures over 80 degrees will inactivate the insulin.
Bruise on upper arm
Dr Mireles was handcuffed behind their back, hooded and then blindfolded. for six hours, even during their helicopter transfer. They said they thought they would push them into the sea. The transferring of even the most brutal criminal has never before included such treatment. (see video below as they were transferred)
They were physically abused, leaving bruises, also bruised on their wrists from the handcuffs being tightened to the extreme.
Protests, rallies, journalists, activists, political leaders, priests, on both sides the border have begun a ground swell of organized and individual support of Dr Mireles, and are demanding their release. Four cities so far in the United States have scheduled rallies, LA, San Jose, Phoenix and NYC.
Additionally many Michoacan cities have marched peacefully in protest. Lazaro Cardenas autodefensas established blockades in protest. Not only in Michoacan but in other States such as Mexico and Tamaulipas.
Pricilla of Grillonautas, a trusted supporter of Dr Mireles, has been instrumental in jump starting a free Mireles campaign or #LiberenAMireles.
Dr. Mireles Wife Speaks out for Mireles
Ana Valencia Mireles appeared in a march for the Liberation of Dr. Mireles. The march concluded at city hall of Tepalcatepec where they spoke.
"Mireles is not a murderer, nor a drug trafficker, they are a hero who freed Tepalcatepec, the Tierra Caliente and the Michoacán coast of crime."
They thank the people protesting Mireles' arrest, the people of Coalcoman, Chinicuila, Aquila, Caleta de Campos, Tierra Caliente and everywhere in Mexico and abroad who are supporting him.
The crowd cheered at them every word but even more loudly when they stated "the government has committed the biggest mistake in their arrest." Protesters cheered shouted Mireles repudiation slogans against the federal government, Peña Nieto and Alfredo Castillo, Commissioner for the safety of Michoacán.
Chivis Martinez Borderland BeatHe also stressed if Dr Mireles continues to be withheld the prescribed food and insulin it would result in their death.
Discussing Sen. John McCain's statement that "if the election were tomorrow ... Republicans would lose seats in both the House and the Senate," Wolf Blitzer asserted of McCain, "Should they be saying that right now? I know he's a straight-talker, but what do you think?" Blitzer has, on several previous occasions, pronounced McCain a straight-talker.
On the June 26 edition of CNN's The Situation Room, host Wolf Blitzer aired an audio clip of Sen. John McCain saying, "Right now, if the election were tomorrow, we would lose -- we Republicans would lose seats in both the House and the Senate. I mean, that's just a fact." Blitzer then said: "All right, that's straight talk from John McCain. If the election were right now, the Republicans would lose more seats in the House and Senate." Blitzer then asserted as fact that McCain is a "straight-talker," asking Republican strategist John Feehery, "Should they be saying that right now? I know he's a straight-talker, but what do you think?" Blitzer has referred to McCain as a "straight-talker" on several previous occasions, despite McCain's flip-flops and list of false assertions.
As Media Matters for America has documented, Blitzer has said that McCain "usually takes pride in" their "straight talk"; that "[t]here was some straight talk from the Straight Talk Express" in response to McCain's call for Sen. Larry Craig (R-ID) to resign; and that "[t]here was a lot of, I guess a lot of straight talk from John McCain today, but some are suggesting maybe it was a little too much straight talk," in response to McCain's statement that they would lose the election if they don't convince voters that the U.S. policy in Iraq is succeeding -- even though McCain had already retracted their statement. Additionally, Blitzer once teased a report on Focus on the Family chairperson James Dobson's statement that they "would not vote for John McCain under any circumstances" by claiming that "Senator John McCain likes straight talk. But you can bet they won't like what a leading Christian conservative is saying about him."
Further, Blitzer did not explain why McCain's assertion that Republicans would lose seats in Congress if the election were held today constituted "straight talk," given that other Republicans, including the chairperson of the National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC) have predicted losses for Republicans in Congress. The Wall Street Journal political blog Washington Wire reported in a June 12 post that during a meeting with reporters hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, NRSC chairperson Sen. John Ensign (NV) "said their best-case scenario" would be a loss of three Republican Senate seats. The post quoted Ensign saying: "That would be a terrific night for us, absolutely ... I don't want to slip below the four-seat loss. That's kind of where we've set our absolute worst goal is to be down to 45 seats."
Also, in a May 14 memo to the Republican leadership, Rep. Tom Davis (VA), a former chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC), asserted that "[t]he political atmosphere facing House Republicans this November is the worst since Watergate and is far more toxic than the fall of 2006 when we lost thirty seats (and our majority) and came within a couple of percentage points of losing another fifteen seats." Davis also predicted that "without some meaningful changes in direction, the GOP is heading for losses bordering on another twenty seats in the House and up to a half dozen Senate seats." Further, a June 26 Associated Press article quoted NRCC communication director Karen Hanretty saying in reaction to an "internal review" by House Republicans, "This is a challenging environment. ... Any Republican running for office has to run basically on an independent platform, localize the race and not take anything for granted. There are no safe Republican seats in this election."
From the June 26 edition of CNN's The Situation Room:
OCSP Stapling has landed in the latest Nightly builds of Firefox! OCSP stapling is a mechanism by which a site can convey certificate revocation information to visitors in a privacy-preserving, scalable manner.
Revocation information is important because at any time after a certificate has been issued, it may no longer be appropriate to trust it. For instance, maybe the CA that issued the certificate realizes it put incorrect information on it. Maybe the website operators lose control of their private key, or it gets stolen. More benignly, maybe the domain was transferred to a new owner.
The Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) is one method for obtaining certificate revocation information. When presented with a certificate, the browser asks the issuing CA if there are any problems with it. If the certificate is fine, the CA can respond with a signed assertion that the certificate is still valid. If it has been revoked, however, the CA can say so by the same mechanism.
OCSP has a few drawbacks. First, it slows down new HTTPS connections. When the browser encounters a new certificate, it has to make an additional request to a server operated by the CA. Second, it leaks to the CA what HTTPS sites the user visits, which is concerning from a privacy perspective. Additionally, if the browser cannot connect to the CA, it must choose between two undesirable options. It can terminate the connection on the assumption that something is wrong, which decreases usability. Or, it can continue the connection, which defeats the purpose of doing this kind of revocation checking. By default, Firefox currently continues the connection. The about:config option security.OCSP.require can be set to true to have Firefox terminate the connection instead.
OCSP stapling solves these problems by having the site itself periodically ask the CA for a signed assertion of status and sending that statement in the handshake at the beginning of new HTTPS connections. The browser takes that signed, stapled response, verifies it, and uses it to determine if the site's certificate is still trustworthy. If not, it knows that something is wrong and it must terminate the connection. Otherwise, the certificate is fine and the user can connect to the site.
If Firefox requests but does not receive a stapled response, it falls back to normal OCSP fetching. This means that while OCSP stapling protects against mistakes and many basic attacks, it does not prevent attacks involving more complete network control. For instance, if an attacker with a stolen certificate were able to block connections to the CA OCSP responder while running their own server that doesn't do OCSP stapling, the user would not be alerted that the certificate had been revoked. A new proposal currently referred to as “OCSP-must-staple” is intended to handle this case by giving sites a way of saying “any connection to this site must include a stapled OCSP response”. This is still in development.
OCSP stapling works with all CAs that support OCSP. OCSP stapling has been implemented in popular web servers including nginx and Apache. If you run a website, consider turning on OCSP stapling to protect your users. If you use Firefox Nightly, enjoy the increased security, privacy, and performance benefits!
CHARLOTTE, N.C.—A mako shark caught by commercial fishermen off North Carolina traveled more than 13,500-kilometres after a tracking device was attached 18 months earlier, an ocean research group says. Researchers studying shark migrations for the Guy Harvey Research Institute at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., attached the device to the female shark's dorsal fin in mid-2015 near Ocean City, Md.
A shortfin mako shark, the fastest of the shark species. ( Richard Robinson/Cultura / TNS )
A donation to the institute by Heather Finke sponsored the tag in honor of Charlotte Latin School. A commercial long-line fishing boat caught the shark near Manns Harbor last month. The last of the tag's 265 data transmissions from the sea to an orbiting satellite was recorded on Nov. 24. Data show the shark swimming up and down the East Coast between North Carolina and Rhode Island, making one big loop into the Atlantic north of Bermuda last spring. It traveled an average of 24 kilometres a day over 557 days.
Article Continued Below
“We're happy to have recovered the satellite tag, but disappointed about the loss of the mako,” said executive director Greg Jacoski of the Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation, which supplies the tags. “It's important for us to recover tags because of the value they have for our research efforts.” Mako sharks are the fastest of the shark species, able to swim 100 kilometres per hour while chasing prey fish. The North Atlantic shortfin mako is found in Atlantic waters from the Carolinas to southern New England.
Wigan Warriors have today completed the Disciplinary Process arising from Ben Flower's actions at the 2014 Grand Final. The process started immediately after the RFL's Disciplinary actions but has taken until this week to complete because of pre-planned post-season breaks and holidays.
Flower has been found guilty of Gross Misconduct due to violent conduct bringing into disrepute the Wigan club and the game of Rugby League.
In view of the player's previous record and their remorse, the Wigan Club has decided that they be fined 50% of their wages for a period of six months and must undergo a rehabilitation programme involving service with young people in the Community during their banned period as they prepare to rebuild their career. Three months of the fine will be suspended and subject to return during the next 12 months to their previous good record. This judgement was decided appropriate rather than summary dismissal which was possible from a Gross Misconduct verdict.
Chairman Ian Lenagan said:
"The Wigan Club has followed RFL protocol fully in conducting internal disciplinary action with Ben Flower following the incident at the Grand Final.
"We were extremely disappointed and angry at the actions of Ben Flower and stand in agreement with the Rugby Football League and the six month ban from playing which they handed down to Ben last month. There is no doubt that the reputation of this great Club has been damaged by this incident. This significant fine combined with the requirement for community service has been imposed to affirm Wigan's position that this is not the type of behaviour we want or expect from any of our players.
"Ben's action was totally unacceptable in Rugby League but was out of character and one for which they are deeply remorseful. It is our judgement that we should not dismiss them but should punish them financially and then support them through what will be a difficult rehabilitation period and a difficult return to playing.
Our Rugby General Manager Kris Radlinski, along with Head Coach Shaun Wane and Player Welfare Manager Mick Farrell will now finalise the rehabilitation plan for Ben."
Rugby General Manager Kris Radlinski said:
"It was important that the Club internally reviewed the incident that took place involving Ben Flower back in October. It was an incident that the Wigan Club could not defend. We fully supported the RFL's ruling for a six month ban for Ben but also needed to reflect on what damage was done to the Wigan Club. We are a Club with a rich history whose traditions and values are respected. We believe that these were damaged that night. We will work hard to restore our great reputation.
"Ben Flower let the Club down and most importantly the fans and their teammates. Regrettably, the 2014 Grand Final will always be remembered for this incident and we apologise for that and congratulate St Helens who were rightly crowned Champions on the night.
"Over the past month Ben has shown great regret and remorse. We will work hard with Ben over the next six months through their period of rehabilitation. This will involve junior coaching, work in the community and seeking advice from people who have had to overcome adversity. Ben will come back stronger and is very keen to prove to Wigan fans and to Rugby League fans in general that this was an out-of-character incident."
Ben Flower said:
"I fully accept this decision taken by Wigan. I deeply regret my actions and I am grateful for the support that my club has given me throughout this process.
"It is a relief to reach closure on the incident and I hope to move forward now and rebuild the trust of my club, team-mates and the Wigan fans."
The San Bernardino, California shooting that left 14 dead and 21 injured is being investigated as terrorism, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has confirmed. There is no evidence so far the suspects belonged to a terror cell, though.
READ RT'S LIVE UPDATES
“As of today, based on the information and the facts as we know them, we are investigating these horrific acts as an act of terrorism,” David Bowdich, assistant director in charge of the FBI field office in Los Angeles, told reporters Friday.
The investigation has developed "indications of radicalization" and "potential inspiration by foreign terrorist groups," said FBI Director James Comey, adding that there is "no indication so far" that the suspects belonged to a network, group, or a terrorist cell.
"There is a lot of evidence in this case that doesn't quite make sense," so the FBI is trying to be "very thoughtful to understand it and to make sense of it," Comey said.
Identified as Syed Rizwan Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik, the two attackers who opened fire at the Inland Regional Center on Wednesday morning were killed in a shoot-out with police about four hours later.
"There are a number of pieces of evidence that has essentially pushed us off the cliff to say that we are now saying we are investigating this as an act of terrorism," Bowdich said at the press conference in San Bernardino.
While the suspects scrubbed their social media accounts and destroyed their cell phones, computers and other electronics prior to the attack, the Bureau is hoping to piece together enough digital information to lead them to the motive.
“We found two cell phones in a nearby trash can. Those cell phones were actually crushed,” Bowdich said, adding that the FBI is working to retrieve the data from the devices. “We do hope that the digital fingerprints that were left by these two individuals will take us towards their motivation. That evidence is incredibly important.”
Read more
Any data recovered from the couple's phones and computers would be the “potential golden nugget,” Bowdich said.
The FBI is still looking for exact motivation of the attackers and for any accomplices that may or may not be in the US. Bowdich refused to speculate whether Farook and Malik were planning to attack a second location, but acknowledged “it's certainly a possibility” the Bureau is looking at.
Farook was not under active surveillance or investigation, by the Bureau, Bowdich confirmed.
“We know they were in telephonic conversations with people here in the US," they said "I am not aware of all the overseas connections yet. We're working with our foreign partners on that.”
After providing a phone number for the public to leave tips about the case, Bowdich asked for time to collect and analyze all the evidence and data.
“Remember, folks, we're in day three, and we're barely two full days into this,” they told reporters.
Concerning the Facebook post in which Malik reportedly made a pledge of allegiance to Islamic State, Bowdich said the FBI was “continuing to look into that.” Hesaid the FBI was aware of the post and the pledge of allegiance, but that they have not been authenticated as of yet.
Asked if Malik may have radicalized their husband, Bowdich said they did not know. "Being a husband myself, we're all influenced to an extent,” they added.
To a reporter who asked if this was the first time Islamic State has attacked the US, Bowdich replied, “I think you're taking a leap, we're not there.”
They had not heard that IS (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) had taken credit for Wednesday's attacks, but said they were not surprised that they would.
“It only helps them to attach themselves to an attack like this,” Bowdich said.
They asked the public to go on about its everyday business, and not let Wednesday's events cause a “mass hysteria.”
Bowdich's comments were echoed later in the day by their boss, FBI director James Comey.
"What we hope you'll do is not let fear become disabling," Comey said, urging Americans to channel it into an awareness of their surroundings, and report things that seem suspicious to the authorities.
ALERT:
Should Obama Have More Control Over Guns? Vote Now
VOTE NOW:
Should All Fully Automatic Rifles Be Banned?
URGENT:
Do You Support President Obama's Plans for Stricter Gun Control? Vote Now
North Carolina citizens enjoy some of the most relaxed gun laws in the United States, which please gun advocates wanting to exercise their Second Amendment rights.North Carolina does require a background check before issuing a license to buy a handgun, except when purchasing a long gun from an unlicensed seller. The state also allows the transfer or possession of assault weapons, 50-caliber rifles, and large capacity ammunition magazines.Firearms dealers throughout the 10th most populous state aren't significantly regulated, nor is a limit placed on the number of firearms they may sell at any one time.The state also doesn't require firearm owners to report lost or stolen weapons, regulate unsafe handguns, or limit ammunition sales, nor give local police discretion to deny a license to carry firearms."I'm committed to make sure that the Second Amendment is not infringed on in any way, shape, or form," U.S. Senator from North Carolina Richard Burr told WRAL.com , in a March 27, 2013 Q&A. "And I don't buy the president's argument that an assault weapon was made to hunt. No, an assault weapon was made to allow an American to defend themselves and their property -- the exact reason the Second Amendment was created by our founding fathers. ... Anything we would do to limit the American people to have that right protected would be an infringement to the Second Amendment.For their tireless efforts to lessen restriction, Burr has received an "A" grade from the National Rifle Association for their career voting records on gun issues.On a national scale, the nonprofit Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence — an organization dedicated to ending gun violence in America — awarded North Carolina an "F" grade , based on a self-conducted national review of state laws in 30 different weapon-related areas. The organization awarded points for having what it considered "effective legislation" in each policy area, with more points awarded for tougher laws.A final letter grade touted the state's overall strength or weakness. More than half of the 50 states received an "F," including South Carolina, Florida, Texas, and Arizona. California was one of five states to receive the highest grade, along with New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Maryland.This article does not constitute legal advice. Check the current gun laws of your state and destination before travel.
Government Grants Crowd Out Fund-Raising by Charities Every $1,000 in government grants a charity receives ... reduces fund-raising expenditures by $141, [which]... reduces [private] donations by an estimated $757. In Is Crowding Out Due Entirely to Fundraising? Evidence from a Panel of Charities (NBER Working Paper No. 16372), co-authors James Andreoni and Abigail Payne find that for every $1,000 in government grants a charity receives, contributions to the charity increase by an estimated $41, but the charity reduces fund-raising expenditures by $141. Because charitable fund-raising is highly profitable, with more than $5 raised for every dollar spent, this reduction in fund-raising expenditures reduces donations by an estimated $757. Overall, therefore, the response to the $1,000 grant is that "total contributions to the charity fall by $757, and the charity nets $385 including the money it saves on fund-raising." The authors conclude that charities themselves are responsible for almost all of this crowd-out. And, although these findings are preliminary, they imply that government policy could remediate crowd-out by requiring that charities match "a fraction of government grants with increases in private donations" or require that "total spending by the charity must rise by 100 percent of the grant amount." The estimates were made with data on charitable organizations' IRS 990 filings from the National Center for Charitable Statistics from 1985 to 2002. The 8,000 charities included in the sample were 501(c) (3) nonprofits operating in the continental United States in human and social services. Although there were substantial differences in dependence on private money relative to government money by charitable specialization, the average charity in the sample collected $787,000 in donations, $905,000 in government grants, and spent $91,000 on fund-raising. -- Linda Gorman The Digest is not copyrighted and may be reproduced freely with appropriate attribution of source.
TEL AVIV – A leading Arabic newspaper this week published a damning column by a Saudi journalist claiming that Palestinians have missed too many opportunities for peace with Israelis and have always blamed others for their problems, even long before settlements existed, and further added that it was time for Hamas to end its violence against Israel as well as their futile dream of a “Palestine from the river to the sea.”
Writing in the London-based Arabic-language Al-Sharq Al-Awsat daily while President Donald Trump was on their state visit to Saudi Arabia, Mash'al Al-Sudairi, a columnist from the Gulf kingdom, asserted that from the 1940s until the present day, “Palestinian leaders, while in power, excelled in two things: rhetoric and missing opportunities.”
They criticized the Palestinians for their blanket refusal to accept the 1947 UN partition plan, which would have given them 49% of mandatory Palestine, far more than what is commonly discussed today in the two-state solution.
They further lambasted Palestinian leaders for accusing former Egyptian president Anwar Sadat of treason for signing a peace treaty. Moreover, writes Al-Sudairi, “One of the unforgivable opportunities missed by the Palestinian leaders was their refusal to sit in the seat earmarked for them by Sadat at the negotiating table, behind their own flag” and present their terms alongside representatives from the U.S., Israel, Egypt and the UN.
“Let it be noted that at that time not a single settlement existed in the West Bank, and [there was] not a single destroyed house in Gaza,” they added in the article, which was translated by the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI).
Al-Sudairi then addressed Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh, instructing them to stop firing rockets into Israel and focus their energies on reconciling with the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank.
“With all the respect that I have for the leader Haniyeh, I say to him: ‘When you determined [in the new Hamas policy document that the borders of Palestine are the borders] that existed prior to June 5, 1967, you implicitly and indirectly recognized Israel. Therefore, from now on you cannot throw a single stone at it, not to mention fire a single rocket against it.”
While Al-Sudairi's last reprimand is to be applauded, it is certainly not clear from Hamas' newly released policy document that any recognition of Israel exists. As MEMRI points out, the paragraph mentioning a Palestinian state in the 1967 boundaries, which ostensibly attests to the organization's pragmatic evolution, is written in such a way that it is not possible to understand clearly whether Hamas actually accepts such a solution.
Furthermore, the document continues, “There is no compromise on any part of Palestine under any conditions, any circumstances, or any pressure, no matter how long the occupation continues. Hamas rejects any alternative to the complete liberation of Palestine from the river to the sea.”
The final nail in the coffin is the sentence “this does not mean recognition of the Zionist entity.”
However, Al-Sudairi does take Hamas to task over “the flowery and futile expression ‘Palestine from the river to the sea' – as long as Gaza is detached from the West Bank.”
Bruce Redwine had seen enough. After years of watching a Fairfax County parking enforcement officer slap tickets on their customers' cars for expired tags or inspection stickers, usually as the cars were awaiting state inspection or repair at their Chantilly shop, they snatched the latest ticket out of Officer Jacquelyn D. Hogue's hand and added some profane commentary on top.
Hogue responded by having Redwine arrested for felony assault on a police officer, though they are not a police officer. And when the case first went to court, a Fairfax judge sentenced Redwine to four days in jail.
Redwine appealed, got a jury trial last month and was acquitted within minutes. But the bitterness they feel at having to spend thousands of dollars in legal fees, plus being booked, fingerprinted and photographed at the county jail, with no prior record, is shared by numerous fellow auto repair operators at the Mariah Business Center on Sullyfield Circle off Route 28.
They don't understand why Fairfax police have zealously sought to enforce laws on expired tags or inspections, mainly on drivers who are making the effort to get their cars into compliance, while on private property. Hogue's appearance in the industrial park often set off a scramble to hide customers' cars inside the shops, the shop owners said.
“They're harassing the small businesses trying to make it in this tough economy,” said Ray Barrera of A&H Equipment Repair. They estimated that their customers' vehicles had been hit with $60,000 worth of fines and fees over the past six years.
Fairfax County police parking enforcement Officer Jacquelyn D. Hogue, who ticketed a vehicle at the Chantilly Service Center and later charged the shop's owner with felony assault on a police officer. (Fairfax County Police Department)
Fairfax police said they are only on the property because of a letter issued by Mariah's property management firm in 2009, specifically granting police permission to enforce county traffic, parking and towing ordinances.
“Why aren't they barking up their property manager's tree?” asked Lt. Brooke Wright, a Fairfax police spokesperson. “That is their business. Without that letter, we have no authority — none — to be in that parking lot.”
[The Wild West on enforcing tickets for traffic violators]
Redwine's attorney, Dickson Young, and others say that the police could use discretion in ticketing vehicles that are not illegally parked and that are taken to the repair shops to try to bring them into compliance with the law — particularly Redwine's customers waiting for a state inspection.
“There's no law against using common sense,” Young said. They said the property management wouldn't know or care about outdated tags or inspections.
But the police said Mariah's authorizing letter makes no distinction between parking violations and tickets for expired registration or inspection stickers. “The minute they stop enforcing,” Wright said, “they're going to get calls from the property manager.”
The property manager, J.R. Motz of Commercial Condominium Management, declined to answer questions. Repair shop operators, who rent from owners of individual units in the industrial park, said their owners claim that they are powerless to change or withdraw the authorizing letter because they are not members of Mariah's condo association board of directors. Motz would not disclose which owners are on the condo board.
Hogue declined to be interviewed.
For now, in the weeks since Redwine's recent assault trial, there has been quiet. Police say Hogue has been assigned to a different part of the county.
But dating to about 2008, numerous repair shop operators say they received near-daily visits from Hogue to ticket their customers. Redwine said one customer dropped their car off over a weekend, and when Redwine arrived on Monday morning, the car had two tickets on it.
As with other shop owners, “in order to retain my clientele, I would eat the ticket,” Redwine said. “I don't want to give them a bill for repairs and add on $50 for a ticket. You think they'll come back?” In one month, Redwine said, they paid $2,200 worth of tickets.
If a car has unpaid tickets, it can be towed. Barrera said they question customers before they bring in a vehicle, asking whether their plates and inspection are current and whether they have outstanding tickets. “People ask me, ‘Are you a police officer? If my truck was perfect, why would I bring it to you?' ”
Redwine, who has been operating Chantilly Service Center for 21 years, said they do the state inspections and emissions tests first thing in the morning, to make sure no expired stickers are visible. But “cars sometimes fail the emissions test,” they said. “Sometimes it's not just a simple fix. ”
Shoaib Massoud, who has been running A-Zee Auto Repair for 15 years, said: “The cars are coming here for repair. I talk to them [Hogue] politely, but no good. We are suffering, for sure.”
When someone spotted Hogue on the Mariah property, “all work would cease,” Redwine said. “Everybody would jump to get a car inside. At some points, we couldn't do any work.”
It was a moment like that, one afternoon in October 2014, that landed Redwine and Hogue in court. They said they ticketed a Mercedes with an expired tag even after it had been pulled into their shop.
As the parking officer walked with the ticket extended in front of her, “I swiped it from their hand,” Redwine said. “We had a few choice words. I didn't touch her.”
Hogue returned to their vehicle but did not leave. A few minutes later, uniformed officers arrived, and one told Redwine, “She said you touched her.”
Hogue wrote in their report that Redwine “squeezed my hand and twisted it” and that it later began to swell. An officer took pictures of Hogue and their hand. A number of officers and supervisors arrived on the scene, the reports show, but they elected not to charge Redwine with felony assault.
Instead, Wright said, Hogue was advised to see a magistrate and obtain a misdemeanor charge. Four days later, they did. But the magistrate, Fred Bubenhofer, issued a felony warrant for assault on a police officer.
Redwine subsequently drove to the county jail, was handcuffed, booked, fingerprinted and photographed. “I'd made it 57 years without any arrest record until that,” Redwine said.
When Fairfax prosecutors looked at the case before Redwine's preliminary hearing in January, they acknowledged that a parking enforcement officer did not fit the legal definition of a law enforcement officer and reduced the charge to a misdemeanor. But when Redwine went to trial in general district court in April, Judge Ian O'Flaherty convicted them and sentenced them to four days in jail.
Redwine appealed to circuit court and had a jury trial on Sept. 9. Young said that Hogue did not testify that Redwine had grabbed or twisted their hand and that the photos from that day did not show any injury. The jury was out about 20 minutes before finding Redwine not guilty, court records show.
Young said Redwine offered to apologize to Hogue for their angry comments to her, in exchange for dismissing the charge, but Hogue declined. They said the officers who testified “thought it was ridiculous that it was being prosecuted so vigorously. . . . Is this the kind of investigation we pay police to do?”
Redwine said: “The stress has been phenomenal. I've lost 20 pounds and countless hours of sleep, I've lost customers and money for legal fees. They took their word and railroaded me.”
Redwine filed an internal affairs complaint against Hogue, but it remained open until after the criminal case was over. Wright said they did not expect Hogue to be found in violation.
It seems like there's so much focus in the homebrewing community (or at least the American homebrewing community) placed around hops and to a lesser extent yeast, but you don't see nearly the same level of interest or fervor put into malt. I hope to change some minds with this post and get people more excited and educated on the malts they use in brewing by going over how to read a malt analysis report.
Two Row Isn't A Variety
When you look at most homebrew recipes, it's not uncommon for it to start out with something like "10lbs of 2-row" and this just makes me cringe. Would you consider it acceptable to state "1oz of aroma hops" or "some ale yeast"? Think of how different a recipe would be if you used 1oz of Citra vs Tett. Why do we have such disdain for the barley we use? How many varieties of barley can you even name? Most people would say "Maris Otter" and that would be about it. You might get the odd Halcyon or Optic, but that's rare. Most base malts end up being a blend of different varieties to help average out their traits over a given lot, but you can still get some flavor impact from one maltster's base to another. For instance, Riverbend says their base 6-row has a "slightly spicy, grassy flavor" while Valley Malt "may exhibit a faint strawberry or orange flavor". So, if at all possible, find out what variety of barley is being used or what mix is being used. Start to familiarize yourself with names and flavor aspects of different varieties of barley. If you can't get an idea of what barley you're using, at least try to find out where the barley is grown and if you're dealing with a spring barley or a winter barley. Much like Cascade hops grown in the Pacific Northwest aren't exactly like Cascade grown on the East Coast, so to is barley grown in different regions. The difference between using spring malt and winter malt, from the brewer's point of view, is basically winter barley varieties tend to have less protein and fewer enzymes than spring barley. Some other attributes associated with variety would be size or plumpness of the barley corn. Plumper corns (read: bigger barley) tend to have better extract potential and it's slightly easier to mill. Size tolerance (if listed) can give you some clue as to how varied your mix of base malt might be (if variety isn't listed), but also a hint as to what variations you might expect in milling and extract performance. Tighter size tolerance will typically have more predictable crush, but probably single variety or very few varieties were used. Looser size tolerance typically means a wider variety of barley used in the mix and (usually) less variation in other variables from season to season since the maltster is blending to even out malt characteristics.
The Hard Numbers
Now that we've discussed a bit about the barley and where it comes from, let's talk about what the maltster does with it and what that means to you, the brewer.
Color
With the exception of the asupervisorstioned Maris Otter, almost every other name of malt you're likely to see describes how it was processed and kilned by the maltster, rather than what variety of barley it is. One of the easiest attributes to identify and understand the impact of these processes is the color. Color (and flavor) develops during kilning as a result of Malliard reactions which darken the barley corn. The longer and hotter the kilning, the darker the color will be. In North America color is assessed on the Lovibond or Standard Research Method (SRM) scale. You can convert between the two by the formula
*SRM = (1.3452 * L) - 0.61*
In Europe, the European Brewing Convention (EBC) is used which can be converted to or from North American measure by the following formula
*EBC = (L * 2.65) – 1.2*
*EBC = SRM * 1.97*
On all scales, the lower the number, the lighter the kiln. Lighter colors generally imply sweet, hay, bread, or biscuity flavors while moving darker takes you through caramels, stone fruits, dark bread crust, on up into coffee, chocolate, charcoal notes with the darkest roasts.
Moisture
Next thing on the list to consider is Moisture Content (MC). The lower the moisture content of malt, the less risk it faces from mold and mildew. 1.5% MC by weight or less is ideal and should store well with minimal flavor and aroma loss over time. No malt, with the exception of caramel malts, should really be considered acceptable if it's over 5% MC. Because of their natural tendency to be gooey, caramel malts can vary between 3-6% MC. This is normal, but it should be noted that the allowable storage time for these malts will still be lower than a base malt with 1.5% MC. When looking at the moisture content figure, you're not just getting an idea of the shelf life of the malt, but also the skill of the maltster. Lower numbers mean a better kilning process.
Extract
Figures surrounding extract are where things tend to get complicated. Simply put, these figures will describe what you can expect in terms of sugar extraction. Where it gets complicated is how this information gets conveyed to the brewer. In North America, it's typical to get two figures; fine grind or DBFG (dry basis, fine grind) and coarse grind or DBCG (dry basis, coarse grind). Both figures will be expressed as a percentage and both measurements are adjusted to 0% moisture content. Your fine grind percentage tells you the maximum possible yield for the malt. The idea is that you grind everything down to powder and anything that isn't converted is protein or husk. Coarse grind more closely resembles conditions in the average brewhouse. This percentage will give you a rough idea of what kind of extract you can expect.
Sometimes the difference between DBFG and DBCG is given instead of DBCG. This figure can be called extract difference or grind difference. In addition to allowing you to calculate DBCG from DBFG, this is also indirectly a measurement of how well the malt is modified and what kind of mash you should do with the malt. When grind difference is small, it's an indication that you can do a single infusion mash to get the most out of the malt. Larger grind differences mean you should probably to a step mash or decoction.
If you have a grasp on your system's brewhouse efficiency, you can even calculate out the gravity points you can expect to extract from the malt on your system. In North America, the extract per pound of malt, per gallon :
*SG = (DBCG – MC – 0.002) * brewhouse efficiency * 46.214*
Which brings us to how Europeans measure extract. As to be expected, it's entirely different. You'll typically see Hot Water Extract (HWE) and Cold Water Extract (CWE) percentages given instead of grind percentages. HWE is given in 7M (coarse grind) and 2M (fine grind) which can be converted to DBCG and DBFG by dividing by 386. CWE is somewhat equivalent to grind difference in that it's a measurement of how well the malt is modified, but there's no direct conversion. Generally speaking 20-25% CWE is good for infusion mashing. Anything lower needs a step mash.
You may think that's it ... but no. There's also less common measures to describe degree of modification, like Hartong. I'm sure your head is already spinning, so I'll just give you the cliff notes. A Hartong 45° over 40 is really good and has more than enough enzymes to convert itself and thensome. 39-36 is ok to slightly undermodified. Under 36 is undermodified malt. It's either a sign the maltster is really bad at their job, the malt is designed for decoctions, or it's intended to be used as chit malt.
Protein/Nitrogen
Another common specification that's the source of confusion among homebrewers seems to be protein content. That's understandable since maltsters will use the words protein and nitrogen interchangeably. This is because protein is the primary source of nitrogen in malt. To switch between nitrogen and protein, you multiply nitrogen by 6.25 to get equivalent protein.
The first thing you'll want to look at is the malt's total protein. This will be given as a percentage of total weight of the barley corn. American malts will tend to have more protein than European malts, but more than ~12% total protein in either will result in hazy beer. Too low a total protein and you might have head retention problems.
The next thing you'll want to look at is the soluble protein/nitrogen numbers. This figure will also be a percentage, but it's a percentage of total protein, not total mass of the barley corn. When barley is unmalted, the carbohydrates are locked up in a matrix of protein. Part of the maltster's job is to break those carbs out of their protein jail so enzymes can come in and break the carbs down into sugars. Some of the well broken down protein ends up as soluble protein and the insoluble protein is typically the larger bits of protein matrix left over. So the higher the soluble protein, the higher the degree of modification of the malt. This can be good, up to a point. You want to be between 35-45% soluble nitrogen to be in an appropriate zone for good beer. Below this range, you could have lautering problems and protein haze issues. Higher than this range and you'll tend to have thin, watery beer.
Occasionally, you'll see FAN listed. FAN stands for free amino nitrogen and it's soluble protein that's been broken all the way down to amino acids or peptides small enough for yeast to utilize. You'll need at least 160-240 ppm of FAN depending on the yeast strain, wort gravity, and pitching rate to ensure a healthy fermentation. Most modern malts fall within this range.
Diastatic Power
Most homebrewers are familiar with the concept of Diastatic Power (DP), which is the measure of enzymatic content the malt has for converting starch into sugar. DP is given in degrees Linter (°L) in North America and degrees Windisch-Kolbach (°WK) in Europe. To convert between the two:
*°L = (°WK + 16)/3.5*
This figure is somewhat is the intersection of the Total Protein/Nitrogen specification as enzymes are proteins and Extract specifications since those numbers depend on DP. The tricky part of this measurement is that DP is the total enzymatic power; it doesn't differentiate between beta amylase and alpha amylase. If DP is the only measurement you're given, you'll have to do some educated guessing as to where the division lies. It's generally easier to use DBCG/DGFG or HWE/CWE to estimate your mash regime. Just use DP as a guide to know your total potential for conversion. Generally, anything over 35 °L will convert itself. Anything under that will require additional DP to fully convert. Fortunately, most modern North American base malts are in the 120-160 °L (39 - 50 °WK) range and good European base malt will be in the 28-33 °WK (80-100 °L) range.
If you're lucky, your maltster will list Dextrinizing Units (DU), which is the alpha amylase potential broken out from the DP. Use this figure, if given, to help dial in your mash temperature(s) to get the desired wort composition and mouthfeel.
Mealiness
The last major specification to discuss is Mealiness. Mealiness is a measure of the actual physical quality of the grain and how it will respond to milling. The more mealy a barley corn is, the more it has been modified and the protein matrix has been broken down, and subsequently the more it has a tendency to be crumbly and powdery. That is mealiness. The opposite of mealy is glassy. Glassy is exactly as it implies; hard and breaks in a sharp way when milled. This is the opposite of what you want to see in a base malt.
For single infusion mashes, you want at least 95% mealiness in a base malt. Measurements in the 90-95% indicate you need to decoct or step mash, and less than 90% are unsuitable for use as a base malt. Occasionally, you'll see mention of half mealy in the specifications. If mealiness has been broken down into mealy/half mealy/glassy, you want to see your specifications around, you want to see the same mealiness as indicated above, but you want to see more half-mealy than glassy.
Occasionally, you'll see the term Friability given as a percentage. It's almost the same thing as mealiness. Instead of a physical description of the malt, it gives the percentage of malt that falls through a certain sized screen after being milled according to a certain specification. You want the friability to be over 80%.
And there you have it! You have all the basic information you need to read a malt analysis sheet. If you haven't been reading the analysis of the malts you commonly use, hopefully now you'll start. If your favorite maltster isn't providing all the information outlined here (or anything else you want to know), be sure to pester them and tell them you'd like it to be available. Knowledge is power!
Since there weren't any affiliate links in this post, if it or any other article on Immaculate Brewery helpful, please consider clicking some of our sponsor links (Amazon, MoreBeer, AHA memberships) before you shop online and show us some love. It doesn't cost you anything and it keeps us from having to use banner ads, which have been shown to cause male pattern baldness, bad breath, and heart disease.
It has been an article of faith in this shebeen almost since we opened it in 2011 that there is no actual Republican party in any real sense any more. Ever since the Supreme Court legalized influence-peddling in its Citizens United and McCutcheon decisions, there only has been a loosely held group of independent franchises who are doing business for themselves under the Republican Party brand. This is why the suits belonging to obvious anagram Reince Preibus are so very empty. If you needed more evidence, there are now some interesting poll numbers from Quinnipiac and from our pals at CNN.
Before discussing them, it's important to remember that, ever since they announced their "candidacy," Donald Trump has proceeded against all possible odds to make an even bigger jackass of himself. They went full Coulter on Mexicans. This has cost them their gig with NBC. Macy's has dumped them like a bad habit. However, knowing what I know about The Base, I'm beginning to believe that corporate America is pursuing a crafty strategy of making Trump just enough of a victim to be president.And it's coming at the expense of Scott Walker, who hasn't formally announced their candidacy yet, and hasn't done much of anything except tell whoppers about how he's ruined Wisconsin.
Walker has 18 percent of likely GOP caucus participants, compared to 25 percent in a February 25 poll by the independent Quinnipiac (KWIN-uh-pe-ack) University and 21 percent in a May 6 survey. Jostling for second place are Donald Trump and Ben Carson, at 10 percent each, U.S. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas at 9 percent each, former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida at 8 percent and U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida at 7 percent. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has 5 percent. No other candidate is above 4 percent and 5 percent are undecided.
Trump -- who, if they were the candidate, would lose 59 of the 50 states -- has done nothing but become more of a public embarrassment, and he's rising in the polls practically everywhere.
Bush stands at 19%, up from 13% in May -- and their best showing in CNN/ORC polling since December. Trump follows at 12%, up from 3% before their announcement. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee (8%), neurosurgeon Ben Carson (7%) and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul (7%) round out the top five. Notably absent from this top five -- though statistically speaking not far behind -- are Florida Sen. Marco Rubio (6%, down from 14% in May) and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (6%, down slightly from 10%). Both had been top five candidates in each of the last two CNN/ORC polls, and Walker had been in the top five since February. The poll, conducted just before New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie formally launched their campaign with a rally in Livingston, New Jersey, on Tuesday, also finds that Christie begins their push for the presidency with just 3% support.
Again, you see Walker sinking, along with Marco Rubio. You don't have to be Mark Hanna to see what's coming here. Let us assume that Jeb (!) is on their way to becoming the de facto frontrunner in the Republican primary processes. That leaves Trump with no serious political purpose except to rip on Jeb (!) every chance they get, in front of whatever camera will have them which, alas for the republic, is quite a few. If the Republican party were still an actual political party, with institutions capable of exercising actual party discipline, Trump's "candidacy" would die a quick and silent death. But there's nobody left with enough clout to wield the knife. All have money. All must have prizes.
Kailyn Lowry wasn't in love with their now-ex-husband, Javi Marroquin, during the time they were pregnant with their son, three-year-old Lincoln Marshall. This is the "Teen Mom 2" star's latest shocking comment about their marriage, which they shared during an appearance on "Bachelor" star Olivia Caridi's Podcast show, "Mouthing Off," earlier this week.
Radar Online shared the hurtful statement with readers on October 20 and revealed that Marroquin was understandably shocked by the comment. As they explained, he's always been there for Lowry and doesn't understand why they would go public with such a mean message. After all, Lowry was not only pregnant with their son, Lincoln Marshall, at the time they claim to have not been in love with Marroquin but also planning their second wedding ceremony, which took place in September 2013, weeks before Lincoln's arrival.
Advertisement
Kailyn Lowry and Javi Marroquin were married for nearly four years
While Kailyn Lowry claimed they aren't in love with Javi Marroquin when they were pregnant with their son, they continued on with their marriage for years and even became pregnant with their second son in 2015. Sadly, as "Teen Mom 2" fans will likely recall, Lowry suffered a tragic miscarriage at the end of that year and ultimately said they were unwilling to have any more children. Months later, Lowry and Marroquin confirmed they were parting ways after about three-and-a-half years of marriage.
After Lowry confirmed their plans to divorce Marroquin, they began dating Chris Lopez and just a short time into their relationship, they became pregnant with their third child.
Advertisement
In August, Lux Russell arrived -- months after Lowry's relationship with Lopez came to an end. Lowry also shares an older son, seven-year-old Isaac, with ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera.
Is Kailyn Lowry single after splitting from Chris Lopez?
Although Kailyn Lowry surely has their hands full as they co-parents their three children with three different men, they have seemingly made time to welcome a new man into their life. As fans may have noticed, Lowry has been flirting online with Dionisio Cephas in recent weeks after first sparking rumors of a romance in May when they were pregnant with their third child.
To see more of Kailyn Lowry, their family, including Javi Marroquin, their children, and their co-stars, including Jenelle Evans, Leah Messer, Chelsea Houska, and Briana DeJesus, tune in to the eighth season of "Teen Mom 2." New episodes of the series air on Monday evenings at 9 PM on MTV.
Despite the media declaring this sort of "moral equivalency" off limits, a near-majority of Americans surveyed about last weekend's events in Charlottesville blame the violent upheaval on "both sides" (40 percent) or on the Antifa Left (nine percent). Slightly fewer (46 percent) point the finger at the Alt-Right as the primary culprits. This result may stun members of the press who've spent days scolding anyone, including President Trump, who has raised the specter of left-wing violence in this context. It seems the general public isn't nearly as horrified by Trump's framing as "opinion leaders" are -- via Axios:
Watching media coverage, you'd think Trump is nearly alone in believing "both sides" share fault for the Charlottesville violence. Turns out, most Republicans have their back...Far more blame "the far right groups" for Charlottesville (46%) than "the counter-protesters" (9%), but a remarkable 40% concur with Trump's assertion that both were equally responsible. "Beneath the surface, we see the same partisan division: Two-thirds of Democrats (66%) blame the far-right groups rather than the counter-protesters (6%), while Republicans overwhelmingly blame both sides equally (64%). About the same proportion of Republicans blame the far-right groups (18%) as the counter-protestors (17%)."
Sean Trende summarizes:
So basically, a plurality agree with Trump's characterization of the Charlottesville events, or are to their right.https://t.co/YlCzxnWwj6 — Sean T at RCP (@SeanTrende) August 18, 2017
I was quite critical of the president's initial response to the lethal unrest in Charlottesville (calling their follow-up statement welcome but woefully belated), then recoiled at their Tuesday assertion that there were some "fine" people at a white nationalist march. What I did not do, however, was joined the pile-on regarding their points about (a) the contribution of left-wing agitators to violence in Virginia and across the country, and (b) the potentially-problematic implications of tearing down Confederate statues and memorials. On the former point, he's simply correct; pretending that only one "side" is responsible for political violence is outrageous and flat-out false. On the latter point, they effectively asked, where does it end? As if to prove their concerns valid, elements of the Left promptly aired demands that monuments to George Washington and Thomas Jefferson be purged from the public square. As ever, one of Trump's greatest political assets is liberal overreach:
CNN's Angela Rye: Statues of Washington, Jefferson and Lee ‘All Need to Come Down' https://t.co/Ee9jiwGJY9 pic.twitter.com/li6KxDDLOt — Mediaite (@Mediaite) August 17, 2017
You can delete it, @VICE, but the internet never forgets. pic.twitter.com/eT3EiBC2SB — Brandon Darby (@brandondarby) August 17, 2017
A Marist poll out this week found that a strong majority of Americans, including roughly half of Democrats, oppose ripping down Confederate statues. As Rich Lowry wryly asks, how might eliminating tributes to America's beloved founders poll? Before you go, read this Washington Post op/ed actually advocating violence against the Alt-Right, and this New York Times piece on the far-Left's growing embrace of physical violence. It's as if they're committed to outdoing the president they loathe when it comes to alienating the country.
Jamie Mackie: We owe the QPR fans a derby victory to savour against Fulham
QPR attacker Jamie Mackie is relishing the prospect of facing west London rivals Fulham this Saturday at Loftus Road EMPICS Sport
Jamie Mackie says the QPR squad owe it to their fans to get a positive result against arch-rivals Fulham after the 4-0 embarrassment at Craven Cottage earlier in the season.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Rangers were second best in every department in September as they suffered their fifth successive away defeat against the Cottagers.
It was a night to forget for all involved at QPR, but even more so the industrious Mackie, who suffered a significant tear to their right hamstring, keeping them out of action for over three months.
The forward is now champing at the bit to set the record straight against Fulham.
Mackie told the Times: “We owe it to our fans to put on a performance against Fulham. We were very poor on the night back in September and deservedly lost the game.
“It's not good enough to lose to a local rival in that manner. We need to roll our sleeves up and remember the feeling we had after the game at Craven Cottage and use that to our advantage.
“After results like that sometimes there's not a lot said, but on that particular night there was a little inquest – there were strong words said between the lads.
“On a personal note I was beyond devastated as I obviously knew I had picked up a bad injury – my head was all over the place.
“The good thing in football is that you can always put it right more times than not, so we're lucky in that respect. It's an important game for us.
“If we're at it like we were against Ipswich, we'll have a great chance of picking up another three points.
“It's a good game for the fans. We need to go out and entertain them again. I know how much this game means to them – and it means a lot to me too.”
Mackie has endured little luck over the years against the Cottagers. On their return from a nine-month absence due to a broken leg in October 2011, they came on as a 72nd-minute substitute as the Rs were thrashed 6-0 at the Cottage.
Rangers then lost 3-2 on the banks of the Thames in April 2013, before this season's 4-0 drubbing.
They continued: “It's never been a great day when I've played Fulham. A lot of negative things have happened to me on a personal level and the team has struggled too.
“Hopefully I can come back and score a couple against Fulham and put it to bed, just like I did against Blackburn the following year after I broke my leg at Ewood Park!
“I haven't got any negative thoughts in my mind ahead of this game. I relish these type of games – they're the best ones to be involved in – and Loftus Road will be rocking.
“We know in our camp we owe them one, but it's down to us now to do the business and make the fans proud of us.
“I love playing at Loftus Road so any chance I can get to play in a game here is a special one for me.”
Mackie is raring to go again after getting back to full fitness, and they are of the belief that they are best utilised as a striker.
“I personally think I'm more effective when I play up front – I can play in behind and open up defences with my pace,” they said.
“To be honest with you as long as I'm out there I don't care what position I'm playing in, though.”
