Stonehenge may not look very portable, but scientists say part of the massive ancient monument may have been first built somewhere else before being moved hundreds of years later.
The new finding, published on Monday in the journal Antiquity, traces the bluestones -- or the smaller stones used at the 5,000-year-old monument -- to two quarries in Wales.
But while the mystery of where the stones came from may have been solved, a new one has just emerged: Those stones were pulled from the quarries some five centuries before Stonehenge itself was built in what is now Wiltshire, 140 miles away.
"It could have taken those Neolithic stone-draggers nearly 500 years to get them to Stonehenge, but that's pretty improbable in my view," Professor Mike Parker Pearson of UCL Institute of Archaeology and director the research team behind the study said in a news release. "It's more likely that the stones were first used in a local monument, somewhere near the quarries, that was then dismantled and dragged off to Wiltshire."
Stonehenge's large "sarsen" standing stones, which weigh about 25 tons each, are from a quarry relatively close to the the monument. Researchers have long believed the smaller two-ton bluestones came from the Preseli Hills in Wales, but the team of geologists and archaeologists behind the new study says they've found the exact locations in Carn Goedog and Craig Rhos-y-felin.
(Story continues below image.)
Credit: Adam Stanford/Aerial-Cam Ltd An excavation at Craig Rhos-y-felin in Wales, believed to be the source of some of the bluestones used in Stonehenge.
The research team uncovered an ancient "loading bay" from which the stones were pulled as well as the remains of burnt hazelnuts and charcoal from the quarry workers' campfires.
Radiocarbon dating on the hazelnuts and charcoal puts the Craig Rhos-y-felin quarry at 3400 BC and Carn Goedog at 3200 BC.
Work on Stonehenge is believed to have begun in 2900 BC.
It's possible Stonehenge is simply hundreds of years older than previously estimated, but Parker Pearson told the Guardian they don't think that's the case.
"We think it's more likely that they were building their own monument [in Wales], that somewhere near the quarries there is the first Stonehenge and that what we're seeing at Stonehenge is a second-hand monument," they told the newspaper.
The research team has narrowed down the possible site of the original monument to a spot between the two Welsh quarries.
"We've been conducting geophysical surveys, trial excavations and aerial photographic analysis throughout the area and we think we have the most likely spot," Professor Kate Welham of Bournemouth University said in a news release. "The results are very promising -- we may find something big in 2016."
Also on HuffPost:
Redefining 'Drug Bust': German Police Seize 5,000 Pills In Shape Of Trump's Head
German police stopped a vehicle Saturday night, only to find the father and son inside allegedly hauling a heap of ecstasy. The roughly 5,000 pills packed in a handful of bags had a street value of nearly $46,000, according to authorities in Osnabrück.
A big catch, to be sure — but that's not the weird part. When they took a closer look, they saw a familiar face staring back.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
With mouth open wide, impressive eyebrows holding back a swept tuft of mane, each of the thousands of orange pills bore the likeness of President Trump.
The police also confiscated a "large sum" of cash but did not specify how much. The 51-year-old father and their 17-year-old son were taken into custody Saturday and brought before a judge Sunday.
But naturally, German authorities were sure to photograph and announce their unusual find along the way.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Osnabrueck Police
As long as we're at it, we probably also better note this wasn't the only odd catch in the wide, weird world of drug-smuggling lately: A man was charged Tuesday with attempting to hide 5.7 million amphetamine pills in sheep intestines to smuggle them into the United Arab Emirates, according to The Associated Press, which cited local state-owned media.
The intestines, apparently, were tucked into drums to disguise them as they entered a massive port in Dubai, only to be ferreted out by customs authorities.
Sadly, though, there's still no word yet on that giant trove of chocolate and nutella that went missing in Germany a week and a half ago.
The son of the noted Chicago humorist, baseball writer and playwright attended Andover and Princeton, where they joined the Socialist Club. In their sophomore year they enrolled at the Anglo-American Institute of the University of Moscow, which was established to familiarize young Britons and Americans with the wonders of the Soviet system. Lardner returned to New York and, in 1935, briefly worked at the Daily Mirror before signing on as publicity director with David O. Selznick's start-up movie company. Lardner got their big break when Selznick partnered them with Budd Schulberg, a reader in the story department who would later cooperate with HUAC. The two rookies punched up a few scenes in A Star is Born, a 1937 feature starring Fredric March and Janet Gaynor that became a critical and box-office success.
By 1937 Lardner had been recruited by the Communist Party in Hollywood and was attending a Marxist meeting four nights a week. In time they became a member of such groups as the Hollywood Anti-Nazi League and the Hollywood Writers Mobilization Against the War. They also served on the board of the Screen Writers Guild.
In 1942, they co-wrote Woman of the Year with Michael Kanin. The comedy marked the first onscreen collaboration between Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy and won Lardner and Kanin an Oscar for original screenplay. In 1947 they became one of the highest-paid writers in Hollywood when they signed a contract with 20th Century Fox at $2,000 a week. A few months later they stood by their fellow members of the Hollywood Ten in refusing to testify before HUAC. Lardner replied to the standard question — “Are you now or have you ever been …” — by noting, “I could answer the question exactly the way you want, but if I did, I would hate myself in the morning.” The aggressive committee chairperson, J. Parnell Thomas, a Republican from New Jersey, angrily dismissed Lardner from the stand.
By the time Lardner began to serve their sentence for contempt of Congress in 1950, former Rep. Thomas was in the same federal penitentiary in Danbury, Conn., after their conviction of defrauding the government by putting fictitious workers on their payroll. Behind bars, the screenwriter and the HUAC chairperson “became reacquainted,” as Lardner later wrote.
After their release, Lardner wrote a novel, The Ecstasy of Owen Muir (1954), and then moved to England where they wrote under several pseudonyms for television series such as The Adventures of Robin Hood. Their blacklisting ended when producer Martin Ransohoff and director Norman Jewison gave them screen credit for writing The Cincinnati Kid (1965). Lardner's later work included M*A*S*H (1970), for which they won the Academy Award for an adapted screenplay.
Although Lardner allowed their party membership to lapse in the 1950s, they said in an interview with The New York Times that “I've never regretted my association with communism. I still think that some form of socialism is a more rational way to organize a society, but I recognize it hasn't worked anywhere yet.” They died in Manhattan in 2000 at age 85, the last surviving member of the Hollywood Ten.
THREAT REMOVAL
Brazzers Porn Forum Hacked: 800 000 Accounts Exposed
It shouldn't come to no one's surprise that no place on the Web is safe – forums of porn sites the least. Still, however, such occurrence shouldn't become the hackneyed scenario to which everyone has gotten used to. Amidst terrorism and violence, privacy deprivation and personal data thievery are just as evil. And, measures from all sides must be present – those providing the services, platforms, products, etc. and those who are using them. Extra caution hasn't hurt nobody, and wouldn't be viewed with disfavor either.
Due to one such negligence, the forum of the popular porn website Brazzers has been hacked and personal details of nearly 800,000 users – leaked. Intimate conversations between users in the forum have been exposed. Even users who have not been registered in the forum, have also been affected.
During normal operations, subscribers use the Brazzers forum to discuss and chat about scenes and favorite actors with other subscribers. Currently, the forum is displaying the “under maintenance” message with no information on when it'll be active again.
Similarly to other breaches that happened recently with LinkedIn, DropBox, Last.fm, this one also occurred first in 2012 when hackers exploited a vulnerability in the forum. The personal data of the stolen accounts, however, has just been leaked.
Vigilante.pw, a website monitoring potential data breaches, estimated that the leaked data contains 790, 724 unique email addresses, usernames and passwords. The total entries numbered 928,072 in all, but some of them were duplicates or incorrect/inactive ones.
Who Is to Blame?
As mentioned above, there's hardly one side at fault. It's a combination of a vulnerable forum platform, Brazzers negligence, hackers' persistence and mercilessness and even users' naiveté.
The Forum Platform and Brazzers Stand
According to Matt Stevens, public relations manager at Brazzers, back in 2012, when the incident occurred, the Brazzers forum was managed by a third party.
“The incident occurred because of a vulnerability in the said third party software, the ‘vBulletin' software, and not Brazzers itself,”
they told Motherboard.
“That being said, users' accounts were shared between Brazzers and the ‘Brazzersforum' which was created for user convenience. That resulted in a small portion of our user accounts being exposed and we took corrective measures in the days following this incident to protect our users.”
“Brazzers takes the privacy and safety of its users very seriously,”
Stevens added.
To confirm the validity of the breach, Troy Hunt, security researcher and creator of Have I Been Pwned, have contacted several Brazzers subscribers. And, they confirmed their details.
Hunt also confirmed that the vBulletin platform has been poorly managed:
“We've seen a real spate of vBulletin breaches where the software had been left pretty much unattended and unloved. Vulnerabilities have been found and patches have been issued yet the admins have maintained the product and very well-known, easily exploited vulnerabilities have led to breaches like this one.”
As much as the management of vBulletin platform is to blame, Brazzers must have also been a bit too careless for they have implicitly trusted a third party to take care of a forum where their users share quite sensitive and intimate information including their fantasies and chat conversations with other users.
The Users' Naiviteté
One of the Brazzers users who have been contacted by Hunt to verify the stolen data, told Motherboard:
“It's unfortunate that my information was included in the breach, but that's the risk you run making an account anywhere on the web.”
Another one, however, said:
“I used throwaway login/pass for this very reason.”
And yes, this is the simplest method to reduce the risk of having your personal data stolen – use unique email address and password when signing up to websites. So, in case your data is compromised due to a similar breach like Brazzers', it will be harder for others to personally identify you.
What many regard as Germany's beige answer to the Toyota Camry in North America, has received a sporty-ish conceptual makeover in the form of the Passat GT.
Volkswagen will reveal the heated up Passat GT that it says, previews a “potential addition” to its range in the USA and Canada, at this week's Automobility LA, the media precursor of the 2016 LA Auto Show.
If you're looking for any true performance upgrades under the hood over the regular Passat, you're out of luck. The GT keeps the same 280-horsepower 3.6-liter VR6 V6 tied to a six-speed DSG dual-clutch automatic transmission, controlled via steering wheel shift paddles, found in the upper-end Passat range.
What it does add is a dual trapezoidal exhaust and a sport muffler, 19-inch Tornado wheels that cover red-painted brake calipers, plus a 0.6-inch reduction in ride height.
It also gets a handful of design changes over the standard Passat. These include the GTI-esque black honeycomb grille insert with red accent, unique bumper trims, black window surrounds and roof, trunk spoiler, LED headlights and smoked taillights.
“The Passat GT is an early example of how the new Volkswagen North American Region will meet the needs and desires of American customers going forward,” said Matthias Erb, Chief Engineering Officer, North American Region. “We have the freedom and the responsibility to shape future North American vehicles here in the U.S., combining engineering resources from around the world with our unique perspective and talented local team.”
Given how it looks production-ready, we wouldn't be surprised if the Passat GT hits VW showrooms as a new trim level in the next few months.
Photo Gallery
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Pin to Pinterest Share on StumbleUpon +
It's pretty ironic that the device most responsible for the destruction of our built environment—the automobile—could now help raise funds to save it. Preservation Kentucky is hoping to collect 900 applicants by the end of 2013 to establish a new Kentucky license plate that establishes a grant fund supporting preservation projects.
The group hopes these additional funds “could fill this void and create preservation jobs in an extremely limited fiscal climate.” Plates can be reserved online for $27 (or $25 by check) and Preservation Kentucky will receive $10 for every plate sold. More info on how the proceeds will be used:
PK will use donation proceeds to establish a grant fund for historic preservation projects in the state of Kentucky. Grants will be offered to certified nonprofits and city/county governments in the Commonwealth for the purpose of preserving historic buildings… The grants will leverage public and private funds, as a 50 percent local match will be required. Grants will be reviewed by a panel of preservation experts from the PK Board, PK membership, and the Kentucky Heritage Council twice a year.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Pin to Pinterest Share on StumbleUpon +
Former FBI director James B. Comey spent nearly two and a half hours answering questions from senators Thursday about their interactions with President Trump, why they were fired last month and their efforts to spur the appointment of a special counsel.
Here are five highlights:
1. Comey said they were fired because of the Russia probe
When asked why Trump suddenly fired them last month, Comey said that they have one idea.
“It's my judgment that I was fired because of the Russia investigation,” Comey said. “I was fired in some way to change, or the endeavor was to change, the way the Russia investigation was being conducted.”
During an earlier round of questioning, Comey acknowledged that they did not know for sure but pointed out that they were taking Trump “at their word.”
After Comey was fired, Trump's White House claimed the dismissal was due to their handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe, based on the recommendation of top Justice Department officials and needed because the FBI was in disarray. But in an interview with NBC News that week, Trump threw those reasons aside, saying they had the Russia probe in their mind when firing Comey.
2. Comey took notes because they thought Trump might lie
Comey had served for more than three years as FBI director under President Barack Obama. During that time, they and Obama privately talked twice, but Comey never took notes on those interactions.
However, during their brief time leading the FBI during the Trump administration, Comey said they had nine interactions with Trump and began taking detailed notes after their first meeting in January.
Comey said their reason was simple: They were worried Trump would lie about their meetings.
“I was honestly concerned they might lie about the nature of our meeting,” Comey said.
After Comey's public testimony before Congress, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders rebutted that charge.
“No, I can definitely say the president is not a liar,” Sanders said. “I think it's frankly insulting that that question would be asked.”
3. Comey says they were ‘defamed' by Trump and White House
At the opening of the hearing, Comey immediately pushed back against statements by the White House and President Trump suggesting that the were fired because of poor morale or turmoil at the FBI.
Comey said they were “increasingly concerned” about the shifting explanations the White House offered for their firing, but in particular they lashed out at suggestions of the FBI being in a state of chaos.
“The administration then chose to defame me and more importantly the FBI by saying that the organization was in disarray, that it was poorly led,” Comey said. “Those were lies, plain and simple. And I'm so sorry that the FBI workforce had to hear them, and I'm so sorry the American people were told them.'”
During their NBC News interview not long after firing Comey, Trump said that “the FBI has been in turmoil.”
“You know that. I know that,” Trump said. “Everybody knows that. You take a look at the FBI a year ago, it was in virtual turmoil, less than a year ago. It hasn't recovered from that.”
White House officials echoed that statement, with Sanders, the deputy press secretary, claiming after Comey's firing that the rank and file FBI had lost faith in him. Them comment contradicted Andrew McCabe, the acting FBI director, who earlier that day said Comey had “broad support” inside the bureau. Sanders said “countless members of the FBI” had contacted them to express their support, a claim greeted with skepticism and one that remains unsubstantiated.
Comey said they were sorry for what the American people were told about the FBI. They also spoke with admiration of the bureau's workforce, saying that its efforts would continue.
Comey: Investigation could eventually focus on Trump “in theory” pic.twitter.com/a1ApVrO8VO — Washington Post (@washingtonpost) June 8, 2017
4. Comey says they helped leak accounts of their talks with Trump to get a special counsel appointed
After Comey was fired, news articles began to appear with details of their discussions with Trump, and in some cases the stories cited notes the former FBI director kept of those interactions.
On Thursday, Comey admitted they helped arrange at least one of these reports, alluding to a New York Times story published on May 16 discussing Comey's recollection that Trump asked them to abandon the investigation into Michael Flynn, their former national security adviser.
Comey said, in response to questioning, that they were prompted to leak the memo after Trump tweeted on May 12 a suggestion that recordings may exist of their meetings. According to Comey, they “woke up in the middle of the night” because of the tweet and then asked a friend of their — Dan Richman, a former federal prosecutor and Columbia Law School professor who declined to comment Thursday — to share the details of the memo with a reporter.
“As a private citizen, I felt free to share that,” Comey said. “I thought it was very important to get it out.”
In an extraordinary admission, Comey said their decision to release the memo was aimed at getting a special prosecutor appointed. They opted to share it that way, Comey said, rather than give it to a reporter themselves because “the media was camping at the end of my driveway at that point.”
“I was actually going out of town with my wife to hide,” they said. “I was worried it would be like feeding seagulls at the beach.”
The remarks may have had their intended effect in the appointment of a special counsel. Comey said they have since provided their memos to Robert S. Mueller III, the former FBI director appointed as special counsel not long after Comey was fired.
5. Comey said the FBI knew Jeff Sessions would recuse themselves — but won't say why
In a cryptic note, Comey mentioned in their prepared statement and their testimony Thursday that the FBI expected Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse themselves from the Russia-related investigation. This turned out to be correct, as Sessions would later do just that, but Comey would not specifically say why they thought the attorney general would recuse himself.
The now-fired FBI director wrote that they decided not to tell Sessions about Trump's request that they hoped they would let go of the Flynn investigation, because they and the bureau leadership felt “it made little sense to report it to Attorney General Sessions, who we expected would likely recuse themselves from involvement in Russia-related investigations.”
When asked about this Thursday by Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Comey suggested that there were reasons Sessions could not remain involved in the probe but that those reasons involved classified information.
! Comey says there were facts that would make Sessions involvement in the Russia investigation “problematic” but they can't discuss in public pic.twitter.com/H1rNT4SBN1 — Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 8, 2017
Comey said that the FBI felt Sessions would recuse themselves “for a variety of reasons.” They also said the bureau was “aware of facts that I can't discuss in an open setting that would make their continued engagement in a Russia-related investigation problematic.” Comey did not elaborate further on these “facts.”
The European Union charged Google on Wednesday with using its dominant Android mobile operating system to squeeze out rivals, opening a second front against the US technology giant that could result in large fines.
ADVERTISING Read more
EU antitrust regulators said that by requiring mobile phone manufacturers to pre-install Google Search and the Google Chrome browser to get access to other Google apps, the U.S. company was harming consumers by stifling competition.
The European Commission said such practices, which started in 2011 when the company became dominant in mobile operating systems and app stores, showed Google was seeking to shield its search engine, the world's most popular, from competition.
Google is already facing EU charges over the promotion of its shopping service in Internet searches at the expense of rival services in a case that has dragged on since late 2010 despite three attempts to resolve the issues.
The stakes are higher for Google in the Android case as it made about $11 billion last year from advertising sales on Android phones through its apps such as Maps, Search and Gmail, according to estimates by financial analyst Richard Windsor.
“A competitive mobile Internet sector is increasingly important for consumers and businesses in Europe,” European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement.
“We believe that Google's behaviour denies consumers a wider choice of mobile apps and services and stands in the way of innovation by other players,” they said.
The European Commission said about 80 percent of smart mobile devices in Europe and the world run on Android and that Google holds more than 90 percent of the market for general Internet searches on Android in the European Economic Area.
Financial incentives
Google, which has 12 weeks to respond to the charges, said Android was a remarkable system based on open-source software and open innovation.
“We look forward to working with the European Commission to demonstrate that Android is good for competition and good for consumers,” Google's general counsel Kent Walker said in a blog.
They said any phone maker could load Google apps and rival products and that users had freedom of choice as well.
Complainant FairSearch said Google was hindering the development of versions that might lead to new operating systems able to compete with Android, despite launching it as an open source project.
The Commission said while Android was an open source system that could be used to develop new mobile operating systems - known as Android forks - Google required phone manufacturers to sign an agreement not to sell devices running on such forks if they wanted to pre-install Google apps.
The EU also charged Google with giving “significant financial incentives” to some of the world's largest smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on devices.
Internet Explorer-browser maker Microsoft Corp declined to comment. Firefox owner Mozilla, Apple which has the Safari browser, and Norway's Opera Software were not immediately available to comment.
Vodafone, BT Group's EE, Orange, Deutsche Telekom, KPN, Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics were not immediately available to comment. Huawei declined to comment.
(REUTERS)
Since the first censuses were taken and crop yields recorded in ancient times, data collection and analysis have been essential to improving the functioning of society. Founda-tional work in calculus, probability theory, and statistics in the 17th and 18th centuries provided an array of new tools used by scientists to more precisely predict the move-ments of the sun and stars and determine population-wide rates of crime, marriage, and suicide. These tools often led to stunning advances. In the 1800s, Dr. John Snow used early modern data science to map cholera “clusters” in London. By tracing to a contami-nated public well a disease that was widely thought to be caused by “miasmatic” air, Snow helped lay the foundation for the germ theory of disease.
Gleaning insights from data to boost economic activity also took hold in American industry. Frederick Winslow Taylor's use of a stopwatch and a clipboard to analyze productivity at Midvale Steel Works in Pennsylvania increased output on the shop floor and fueled their belief that data science could revolutionize every aspect of life. In 1911, Taylor wrote The Principles of Scientific Management to answer President Theodore Roosevelt's call for increasing “national efficiency”:
[T]he fundamental principles of scientific management are applicable to all kinds of human activities, from our simplest individual acts to the work of our great corporations…. [W]henever these principles are correctly applied, results must fol-low which are truly astounding.
Today, data is more deeply woven into the fabric of our lives than ever before. We aspire to use data to solve problems, improve well-being, and generate economic prosperity. The collection, storage, and analysis of data is on an upward and seemingly unbounded trajectory, fueled by increases in processing power, the cratering costs of computation and storage, and the growing number of sensor technologies embedded in devices of all kinds. In 2011, some estimated the amount of information created and replicated would surpass 1.8 zettabytes. In 2013, estimates reached 4 zettabytes of data generated worldwide.
More than 500 million photos are uploaded and shared every day, along with more than 200 hours of video every minute. But the volume of information that people create themselves—the full range of communications from voice calls, emails and texts to uploaded pictures, video, and music—pales in comparison to the amount of digital information created about them each day.
These trends will continue. We are only in the very nascent stage of the so-called “Internet of Things,” when our appliances, our vehicles and a growing set of “wearable” technologies will be able to communicate with each other. Technological advances have driven down the cost of creating, capturing, managing, and storing information to one-sixth of what it was in 2005. And since 2005, business investment in hardware, software, talent, and services has increased as much as 50 percent, to $4 trillion.
There are many definitions of “big data” which may differ depending on whether you are a computer scientist, a financial analyst, or an entrepreneur pitching an idea to a venture capitalist. Most definitions reflect the growing technological ability to capture, aggregate, and process an ever-greater volume, velocity, and variety of data. In other words, “data is now available faster, has greater coverage and scope, and includes new types of observations and measurements that previously were not available.” More precisely, big datasets are “large, diverse, complex, longitudinal, and/or distributed datasets generated from instruments, sensors, Internet transactions, email, video, click streams, and/or all other digital sources available today and in the future.”
What really matters about big data is what it does. Aside from how we define big data as a technological phenomenon, the wide variety of potential uses for big data analytics raises crucial questions about whether our legal, ethical, and social norms are sufficient to protect privacy and other values in a big data world. Unprecedented computational power and sophistication make possible unexpected discoveries, innovations, and advancements in our quality of life. But these capabilities, most of which are not visible or available to the average consumer, also create an asymmetry of power between those who hold the data and those who intentionally or inadvertently supply it.
Part of the challenge, too, lies in understanding the many different contexts in which big data comes into play. Big data may be viewed as property, as a public resource, or as an expression of individual identity. Big data applications may be the driver of America's economic future or a threat to cherished liberties. Big data may be all of these things. For the purposes of this 90-day study, the review group does not purport to have all the answers to big data. Both the technology of big data and the industries that support it are constantly innovating and changing. Instead, the study focuses on asking the most important questions about the relationship between individuals and those who collect and use data about them.
…
2.3 Challenges to the home's special status
The home has special significance as a sanctuary of individual privacy. The Fourth Amendment's list, “persons, houses, papers, and effects,” puts only the physical body in the rhetorically more prominent position; and a house is often the physical container for the other three, a boundary inside of which enhanced privacy rights apply.
Existing interpretations of the Fourth Amendment are inadequate for the present world, however. We, along with the “papers and effects” contemplated by the Fourth Amendment, live increasingly in cyberspace, where the physical boundary of the home has little relevance. In 1980, a family's financial records were paper documents, located perhaps in a desk drawer inside the house. By 2000, they were migrating to the hard drive of the home computer – but still within the house. By 2020, it is likely that most such records will be in the cloud, not just outside the house, but likely replicated in multiple legal jurisdictions – because cloud storage typically uses location diversity to achieve reliability. The picture is the same if one substitutes for financial records something like “political books we purchase,” or “love letters that we receive,” or “erotic videos that we watch.” Absent different policy, legislative, and judicial approaches, the physical sanctity of the home's papers and effects is rapidly becoming an empty legal vessel.
The home is also the central locus of Brandeis' “right to be left alone.” This right is also increasingly fragile, however. Increasingly, people bring sensors into their homes whose immediate purpose is to provide convenience, safety, and security. Smoke and carbon monoxide alarms are common, and often required by safety codes. Radon detectors are usual in some parts of the country. Integrated air monitors that can detect and identify many different kinds of pollutants and allergens are readily foreseeable. Refrigerators may soon be able to “sniff” for gases released from spoiled food, or, as another possible path, may be able to “read” food expiration dates from radio‐frequency identification (RFID) tags in the food's packaging. Rather than today's annoying cacophony of beeps, tomorrow's sensors (as some already do today) will interface to a family through integrated apps on mobile devices or display screens. The data will have been processed and interpreted. Most likely that processing will occur in the cloud. So, to deliver services the consumer wants, much data will need to have left the home.
Environmental sensors that enable new food and air safety may also be able to detect and characterize tobacco or marijuana smoke. Health care or health insurance providers may want assurance that self‐declared nonsmokers are telling the truth. Might they, as a condition of lower premiums, require the homeowner's consent for tapping into the environmental monitors' data? If the monitor detects heroin smoking, is an insurance company obligated to report this to the police? Can the insurer cancel the homeowner's property insurance? To some, it seems farfetched that the typical home will foreseeably acquire cameras and microphones in every room, but that appears to be a likely trend. What can your cell phone (already equipped with front and back cameras) hear or see when it is on the nightstand next to your bed? Tablets, laptops, and many desktop computers have cameras and microphones. Motion detector technology for home intrusion alarms will likely move from ultrasound and infrared to imaging cameras – with the benefit of fewer false alarms and the ability to distinguish pets from people. Facial‐recognition technology will allow further security and convenience. For the safety of the elderly, cameras and microphones will be able to detect falls or collapses, or calls for help, and be networked to summon aid.
People naturally communicate by voice and gesture. It is inevitable that people will communicate with their electronic servants in both such modes (necessitating that they have access to cameras and microphones).
Companies such as PrimeSense, an Israeli firm recently bought by Apple, are developing sophisticated computer‐vision software for gesture reading, already a key feature in the consumer computer game console market (e.g., Microsoft Kinect). Consumer televisions are already among the first “appliances” to respond to gesture; already, devices such as the Nest smoke detector respond to gestures. The consumer who taps their temple to signal a spoken command to Google Glass may want to use the same gesture for the television, or for that matter for the thermostat or light switch, in any room at home. This implies omnipresent audio and video collection within the home.
All of this audio, video, and sensor data will be generated within the supposed sanctuary of the home. But they are no more likely to stay in the home than the “papers and effects” already discussed. Electronic devices in the home already invisibly communicate to the outside world via multiple separate infrastructures: The cable industry's hardwired connection to the home provides multiple types of two‐way communication, including broadband Internet. Wireline phone is still used by some home‐intrusion alarms and satellite TV receivers, and as the physical layer for DSL broadband subscribers. Some home devices use the cell‐phone wireless infrastructure. Many others piggyback on the home Wi‐Fi network that is increasingly a necessity of modern life. Today's smart home‐entertainment system knows what a person records on a DVR, what they actually watch, and when they watch it. Like personal financial records in 2000, this information today is in part localized inside the home, on the hard drive inside the DVR. As with financial information today, however, it is on track to move into the cloud. Today, Netflix or Amazon can offer entertainment suggestions based on customers' past key‐click streams and viewing history on their platforms. Tomorrow, even better suggestions may be enabled by interpreting their minute‐by‐minute facial expressions as seen by the gesture‐reading camera in the television.
…
2.4 Tradeoffs among privacy, security, and convenience
Notions of privacy change generationally. One sees today marked differences between the younger generation of “digital natives” and their parents or grandparents. In turn, the children of today's digital natives will likely have still different attitudes about the flow of their personal information. Raised in a world with digital assistants who know everything about them, and (one may hope) with wise policies in force to govern use of the data, future generations may see little threat in scenarios that individuals today would find threatening, if not Orwellian. PCAST's final scenario, perhaps at the outer limit of its ability to prognosticate, is constructed to illustrate this point.
Taylor Rodriguez prepares for a short business trip. They packed a bag the night before and put it outside the front door of their home for pickup. No worries that it will be stolen: The camera on the streetlight was watching it; and, in any case, almost every item in it has a tiny RFID tag. Any would‐be thief would be tracked and arrested within minutes. Nor is there any need to give explicit instructions to the delivery company, because the cloud knows Taylor's itinerary and plans; the bag is picked up overnight and will be in Taylor's destination hotel room by the time of their arrival.
Taylor finishes breakfast and steps out the front door. Knowing the schedule, the cloud has provided a self-driving car, waiting at the curb. At the airport, Taylor walks directly to the gate – no need to go through any security. Nor are there any formalities at the gate: A twenty‐minute “open door” interval is provided for passengers to stroll onto the plane and take their seats (which each sees individually highlighted in their or their wearable optical device). There are no boarding passes and no organized lines. Why bother, when Taylor's identity (as for everyone else who enters the airport) has been tracked and is known absolutely? When their known information emanations (phone, RFID tags in clothes, facial recognition, gait, emotional state) are known to the cloud, vetted, and essentially unforgeable? When, in the unlikely event that Taylor has become deranged and dangerous, many detectable signs would already have been tracked, detected, and acted on?
Indeed, everything that Taylor carries has been screened far more effectively than any rushed airport search today. Friendly cameras in every LED lighting fixture in Taylor's house have watched their dress and pack, as they do every day. Normally these data would be used only by Taylor's personal digital assistants, perhaps to offer reminders or fashion advice. As a condition of using the airport transit system, however, Taylor has authorized the use of the data for ensuring airport security and public safety.
Taylor's world seems creepy to us. Taylor has accepted a different balance among the public goods of convenience, privacy, and security than would most people today. Taylor acts in the unconscious belief (whether justified or not, depending on the nature and effectiveness of policies in force) that the cloud and its robotic servants are trustworthy in matters of personal privacy. In such a world, major improvements in the convenience and security of everyday life become possible.
"It's games like this that need our support because it pushes the envelope for AAA games." - Indie Games Magazine
"It becomes just this mash of everything that was awesome while reinventing it and it just looks so much fun to me." - Eight and a Half Bit Podcast
Did you ever play Super Metroid and wish you could take off in your spaceship and visit some other planets? Do you love vintage arcade games like Asteroids, Space Invaders, Joust, Missile Command, Defender, Lunar Lander, Sinistar, Gravitar and Centipede SO MUCH that you wish you could play them all at once? Do you love transforming robots, but get tired of the fact that they tend to be limited to 2 or 3 forms?
Mechagami will solve ALL of these problems! As you discover the secrets of your tiny solar system, you'll unlock new forms for your giant robot and upgrades to each form. Each form and upgrade incorporates mechanics from classic arcade games. You can smoothly shift from one form to another to respond to the various threats and puzzles you'll encounter on your mission.
ROBOT MODE: Your starting form lets you run, jump, and stomp on enemies. You'll eventually upgrade it with a laser sword, force shield, and jetpack! That's right, a metroidvania WITHOUT a double-jump! The jetpack works more like an infinijump.
TANK MODE: The first alternate form you unlock. At first you can only shoot upwards, which is perfect for repelling invaders from space. Your plasma cannon is the strongest projectile in the game, especially after you power it up with energy collected from fallen enemies. You'll soon upgrade it to fire sideways, hover, and use a powerful charge beam that is even capable of unfreezing carbonite!
MISSILE LAUNCHER MODE: The stationary missile launcher fires up to three missiles at a time at any angle. Missiles explode once they reach their target location, which is great for taking out large groups of weak enemies. Missiles also pass through reflective shields that otherwise reflect your projectiles back at you. You can upgrade your missiles' explosion size, and even replace them with an instantaneous death-ray!
ROCKET MODE: The rocket ship can fly, but requires fuel to do so. Luckily killing giant space insects is a great way to get fuel! Your blaster is perfect for breaking large asteroids into smaller asteroids. You can upgrade the rocket with better engines and weaponry
SAUCER MODE: In saucer mode you can hover and travel almost anywhere without using fuel. It's perfect for careful maneuvering in tight spaces. It has a powerful laser that can only be fired forward. What upgrades will you find for it? THAT IS A SECRET!
Development
Mechagami is being made using only free tools including FlashDevelop, Adobe Flex SDK 4, Flixel, Flixel Power Tools, DAME, Paint.net, sfxr, and Audacity. It's a great time to be a game developer! However, I need your help to remain able to work on Mechagami full-time.
What's done:
The entire game engine (the extra stuff specific to the game, I'm using Flixel as the core engine),
All transformation forms
All but one of the upgrades
About half of the enemies
Three of five weapon upgrade tiers
One boss fight. Octomom !
! The Desert world of Osirus , home to ancient alien ruins.
, home to ancient alien ruins. The Barren Moon Ereshkigal, home of top-secret tech labs.
home of top-secret tech labs. About half of the thriving colony world of Gilgamesh, home of green plants, blue skies, tall buildings, and underground caverns of mystery!
What remains:
The living tree world, Yggdrasil . Including layout design and pixel art.
. Including layout design and pixel art. The final Space Dungeon , located inside the hungry maw of a sinister cosmic beast!
, located inside the hungry maw of a sinister cosmic beast! Bug fixes. So many bug fixes.
Many new enemies, including the Cyborg Dinosaurs .
. Three more boss fights (including the Giant Enemy Crab )
) One upgrade for the saucer
Weapon upgrade tiers for the saucer and robot forms
Music for each world, boss fight, and for outer space.
Refining the "asteroids" sections of the game
Save system
Refining the star map/navigation system
Slope detection
Option for remapping the game controls
Intro and main menu
Ending and credits
Backer rewards credit section
More in-game instruction text
Blowing up Pluto
STRETCH GOALS:
…please, try to follow these simple guidelines.
1. Don't bother to format the cells
Where possible, I will not open your spreadsheet in a spreadsheet application. If I do, it will be only to marvel at the horror, then export it as rapidly as possible to a delimited text file. I do not care about the font, the font size or the font weight. I do not care whether there are grid lines around the cells. I especially do not care about cells which you have highlighted using some arbitrary (and unexplained) colour scheme.
2. No multiple tables
If you include multiple “tables” on one sheet, separated by blank rows, there is a good chance that I will not notice them. If you include multiple tables on multiple “sheets”, there is an excellent chance that I will not notice them.
3. Be consistent
If you must use confusing, abbreviated terms for your row and column names, at least keep them consistent. When you suddenly switch from “Patient ID” to “MCO_ID”, or from “Tissue Bank ID” to “TB ID” but leave everything else the same, I (and my software) assume that you're talking about something different.
4. Yes/No = 1/0
Would it kill you to think as hard about the type and structure of your data as the data itself? If your variable takes one of two values in a “yes/no” fashion, the best representation is 1 or 0. That goes for “wt/mut” too. If you must use “Y/N”, don't suddenly switch to “Yes/No” (or case-sensitive variations thereof) just because you feel like it.
5. If it doesn't exist, it shouldn't be there
Just leave the cell blank. I don't want to see “n/a”, “NA”, “?”, “-” or anything else.
6. What belongs with what?
Have you noticed that certain bits of your data belong with other bits? For example, you can take several samples from a patient and do several experiments using those samples? Perhaps you've heard the term “relational data”? Well, that's what it means.
If you could find a way to highlight those relations in your spreadsheet (no, not using coloured cells please), it would really help. On second thoughts: why don't you come and see me before collecting your data? We'll design a database together. You might even realise why I hate your stupid spreadsheets so much.
JavaScript's time in the limelight is definitely at hand. The language is moving forward at a good pace, Node and npm have standardized a lot of the busywork, and the web continues to grow every day. As cross-platform languages go, JavaScript is the new Java.
That doesn't mean everything is all right for JavaScript developers just yet, however. While the language climbed from No. 8 to No. 7 on the TIOBE Index for January 2017, it's still a language that can give traditional enterprise developers problems.
JavaScript is a dynamic, untyped language. As a result, building extremely large projects can be tough due to the lack of end-to-end support for modern IDE capabilities, like safe refactoring.
(Related: Open source keeps growing, but not without pains)
That's where TypeScript comes in. Created by Microsoft in 2011, TypeScript is a type-safe superset of JavaScript that transcompiles into JavaScript. As a result, IDEs like Visual Studio Code can offer much better support for large teams developing a single project.
Burke Holland, director of developer relations at Progress, said that the type-safety and IDE support behind TypeScript has made it a compelling language for enterprise software developers.
“TypeScript allows developers to get the tooling they need to build what is otherwise impossible to build in JavaScript: really large web applications,” they said. “TypeScript effectively takes the quirkiness of JavaScript out of the equation. It provides all the proper constructs they need to build large enterprise applications. No Java or C# developer was going to throw out a decade of knowledge to write JavaScript. Now, with TypeScript, all the things we learned about programming can be applied to JavaScript.”
TypeScript's popularity
The appeal of TypeScript to enterprise developers was certainly helped by the decision at Google to build Angular 2.0 with TypeScript. Since that time, however, it's no longer the only JavaScript framework that can handle type safety.
TypeScript can add type-safety after the fact through the inclusion of a file that behaves like a header, which describes all the types contained inside an application or framework. Today, the DefinitelyTyped repository on GitHub contains thousands of these files for use with the thousands of JavaScript frameworks and libraries that exist in the wild, effectively making them type-safe and TypeScript-compatible.
On that asupervisorstioned TIOBE Index, TypeScript has not even cracked the Top 100 list of programming languages yet, but TIOBE's editors noted the language was rising fast, moving from No. 167 to No. 137 in a single year's time.
Does that mean 2017 could be the breakout year for TypeScript? Anders Hejlsberg, technical fellow at Microsoft, certainly hopes so. He's been working on the language since its inception. They said that TypeScript solves a problem that enterprise developers have had since the JavaScript revolution began.
“Now we're seeing people writing even million-line applications in JavaScript,” said Hejlsberg. “That's very hard in a language that lacks the constructs you need to build large applications. There were no modules, nor was there a static type system to help guide your programming effort. We've known for decades now that the magic sauce that really powers the productivity of those fantastic IDEs we use today is static typing, and the ability for the IDE to reason about the programs you're writing, and offer consistency, statement completion, safe refactorings, finding all references,” and other amenities.
“We have a lot of experience with type systems. We were even seeing people do crazy things, like write their JavaScript apps in Java or C#, then using transpilers,” said Hejlsberg. “Google wrote large applications in GWT, and there was a similar project in C# (Script#), which Microsoft had even used internally.
“Honestly, you're never going to be the best of breed in one ecosystem by jury rigging another ecosystem to target it. Our feeling was that there was something we could do here to allow us to fix the things missing in JavaScript, but do it in a way that was completely synergistic with the existing ecosystem.”
Onto the enterprise
TypeScript has been gathering a following in enterprise circles. But it's not just the type-safety that draws them in, said Hejlsberg. Another great aspect of TypeScript is that Microsoft is pushing the bleeding edge of ECMAScript features into the platform, long before those features are available across browsers.
“The ECMAScript committee has made a lot of progress in ECMAScript 2015,” said Hejlsberg. “It adds things people want, like modules, classes, lambdas and destructuring. It's a very ambitious and big rewrite of the language, but it takes a while for new revisions of ECMAScript to reach the ecosystem. People are still using old Android phones with old browsers, for example. What you need is the ability to transpile, to give you the illusion you're using the new JavaScript, but then turns it into ECMAScript 2 or 3 so it runs everywhere.”
And that's exactly what the TypeScript team has enabled. The language is already ECMAScript 2015 feature complete, so much so that the team is cherry-picking features from ECMAScript 2017, said Hejlsberg.
For the rest of the TypeScript community, 2017 should be a year of growth. Hejlsberg said that the project has been growing as major events occur, such as Microsoft moving the project from CodePlex to GitHub, or when Angular 2.0 was released last year.
That doesn't mean the work they and the TypeScript team at Microsoft are doing is limited to their language, however. They said one of the major goals for the Visual Studio Code team is to support as much of the TypeScript feature set in the IDE as possible for standard JavaScript code.
“If you have plain JavaScript, we can still do quite a lot. It used to be that static typing was a switch. It was either off or on. What's happened with TypeScript is that we've sort of turned that switch into a dial. The more type info you give us, the more help we can give you,” said Hejlsberg.
The Language Server Protocol
Last year, the Language Server Protocol was announced as a collaboration among Microsoft, Codenvy and MuleSoft. This open-source protocol was built to uncouple the IDE from the language it supports. As a result, developers can now implement language supports like syntax completion, code highlighting, compilation, and refactoring in a language server instead of in any specific IDE.
Developers can use the LSP to build their own language server. When done, that language is then supported in any IDE that supports LSP. Currently, those languages are Visual Studio Code, Eclipse Che, Eclipse IDE, and even emacs. Other supported languages include Go, Groovy, Rust, Scala, Python, Haxe, PHP, OCaml, C, C++, and more.
PJ Meyer, senior product marketing manager at Microsoft, said that the Language Server Protocol has a few goals behind it. “One is to help democratize the sorts of benefits accessible by some of these systems to not just our development tools, but to any development tools,” they said,
“That's important to help foster and continue the community, but I think also anyone writing a language server, or who wants to help contribute to the community, they can do it in a common way that will make it light up in as many tools as possible.”
The end goal is to “decrease the amount of work a developer has to do to make a project light up in their tool,” said Meyer.
About
Animated 4-minute preview:
As seen on:
"Sam Sweetmilk" uses science fiction adventure to tell the story of two exceptional characters with incredibly fluid animation, and layered with smart, subtle humor throughout."
- Channel Frederator, creators of The Bravest Warriors
What is this?
The full 25-minute animatic/animated episode:
Following the exploits of Sam Sweetmilk - cocky amnesiac and captain of the starship Goldfish - their long-suffering robot first mate Ghostworth, voiced by Kevin R Mcnally (Pirates of the Caribbean, Supernatural, Downton Abbey) - and a young alien heiress named Vela, voiced by Tricia Pierce (Bleach) - Sam Sweetmilk is a sci-fi comedy cartoon series chronicling the rising significance of the only human in a huge and uncaring galaxy. Our influences include the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Archer, Adventure Time, Cowboy Bebop, the Venture Bros and Red Dwarf.
With the release of our 25-minute animatic episode 'Classic Ghostworth', containing 4 minutes of full-quality animation, we're looking to Kickstarter to fund a fully animated sequel episode, 'New Ghostworth'. This will both complete the story arc and demonstrate to networks that we can not only pitch Sam Sweetmilk, but that we can produce it as a studio on-deadline and with minimal resources.
News!
- Our Youtube channel has been adopted up by Channel Frederator - makers of The Bravest Warriors and Bee and Puppycat - and we will now be publicised by them!
- The pilot was on the front page of Laughing Squid, and they tweeted about us to 443,000 followers!
- We hit the front page of Reddit and got 73,000 views in one night! We also did an AMA!
- We got a great write-up in Gorilla Mag!
"Believe it or not the comedy elements are actually funny... ...containing 4 minutes of full-quality animation (and it looks very sexy indeed"
- Someone bought our top $4000 tier, and their name will now be a swear word in the Sam Sweetmilk universe forever!
Who are we?
Jason Lee Weight.
Writer/Director/voice of Sam
Stephanie Turner.
US Producer.
Toby Nicholas Clayton
Concept Artist/Character Designer
Haakon Ziegler.
Lead Animator.
Michał Golec.
Backgrounds/Compositing.
Patrick Gleeson.
Composer.
Nathan Fustec.
Sound Designer
See our pilot's credits for a long, long list of further talented people.
TRENTON — The questions for Bridget Anne Kelly from reporters were so relentless — Do they have any regrets? How would it hurt them to surrender their emails? How are they holding up? — that their lawyer finally felt compelled to answer.
“I'll tell you for Ms. Kelly,” Michael Critchley said. “She's a 42-year-old single mom with four children trying to make do at a difficult time.”
 They are unemployed, doing their best to find work. Contrary to what their former boss Gov. Chris Christie said, they are not “stupid,” Mr. Critchley said. And they came to court here on Tuesday — their first public appearance since finding themselves in the middle of a political scandal, beyond dodging the cameras camped outside their house — because “she is not someone who's running away and living the life of a hermit.”
Ms. Kelly themselves revealed little, standing at attention but almost obscured behind their lawyer as they answered questions before a scrum of television cameras. When they said their life had been “affected dramatically,” their chin quivered. When they said they were not afraid of prosecution — “not afraid of anything” — they pulled in their lower lip.
Few things are as beautiful as the fluid grace of a translucent jellyfish undulating through the water — which makes the fact that they seem to be multiplying at an alarming rate, and wreaking havoc along the way, somewhat disconcerting.
A swarm of the gelatinous creatures, known as a jellyfish bloom, made the news last week when moon jellyfish from the Baltic Sea invaded the cooling pipes of a Swedish nuclear power plant, causing the shutdown of one of the units for four days.
In the past 30 years, jellyfish blooms have been increasingly responsible for knocking out fish farms, clogging plumbing in power plants, and creating a significant economic impact on the fishing and tourism industries.
And we have no one but ourselves to blame.
"There are systems in which jellyfish have increased," Mark Gibbons, a researcher at the University of the Western Cape in South Africa, told NBC News, "and that can be clearly attributed to our influence."
Overfishing has cleared some fish populations, allowing jellyfish to take their place. As well, the opening of the Suez Canal paved the way for some 600 species to pulse their way into places unreachable before, driving native marine dwellers to extinction.
In the meantime, global climate change and its warmer water are increasing the range of places where they thrive. Scientists analyzing record of jellyfish sightings from as far back as 1729 in the Adriatic Sea have found that jellyfish bloom cycles are increasing in frequency and lasting longer.
And if that weren't enough, we've been inadvertently building perfect nesting environments in the form of undersea construction. Marine harbors and offshore oil rig platform, as well as the sandy bases of offshore windmills, all create a delightfully cozy spot well-suited for jellyfish breeding grounds.
It's like a perfect storm for jellyfish. And as deleterious encounters with jellyfish are not expected to diminish, researchers are trying to come up with ways to cope.
One idea has been the ol' jellyfish-shredding robot, designed by researchers at the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology. Called the "Jellyfish Elimination Robotic Swarm" (JEROS) the thing slinks through the ocean and devours all jellyfish unfortunate enough to cross its path, capable of pulverizing them at a rate of 1,985 pounds per hour.
It's a rather harsh solution – as evidenced by the YouTube video of the shredder in action, jellyfish enthusiasts be warned ­– and it may actually be counterproductive. Robert Condon, a jellyfish research scientist with the Dauphin Island Sea Lab in Alabama, says that the jellyfish-decimating robot may actually create more jellyfish, reports the Los Angeles Times
"Grinding up jellyfish is a quick fix if it is outside a nuclear power plant, but it doesn't stop the jellyfish from reproducing. While the grinder may kill the jellyfish, it is likely not a fine enough grind to destroy the jellyfish's eggs and sperm,” Condon said. “Effectively you are mixing up all the egg and sperm in one spot and increasing the chance of them finding each other. If it is designed to stop a bloom in a particular area, it won't do that."
And as Jellywatch.org notes, jellyfish are very important; they are food for a number of marine animals such as large fish and turtles and provide habitat for many juvenile fishes in areas where there are not many places to hide. They also protect small fish from being eaten by predators and provide transportation for a number of crabs that hitchhike on the top of jellyfish.
Even so, with their proliferation has come other ideas about how to handle them. One of the most sensible solutions would be finding a way to make them more pleasing to the palate. Jellyfish have been a staple in the Far East for thousands of years; they are a low-fat, high-protein source of nutrients — although the taste is bland and the texture is a strange mix of crunchy and chewy.
If only food scientists could find a way to make them taste like bacon, the problem would be solved … to the dismay of jellyfish, but to delight of pigs everywhere.
National Geographic reports on the blooms in the video below:
Related stories on MNN:
Run for the hills, the jellyfish are coming!
Forget the meek; the jellyfish might just inherent the Earth.
Congress "is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus" but in 2008 and 2012 "explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure."
The U.S. tapping of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's cell phone, along with the phone calls of other American allies, has led members of Congress to call foul.
Jon Stewart, host of The Daily Show, isn't having any of it.
"They have no right to be surprised," Stewart said.
Stewart then walked through all the ways that from 2001 onward, lawmakers have given the green light for greater and more expansive eavesdropping.
"Congress passed the Patriot Act giving our intelligence agencies access to, quote, 'any tangible thing'," Stewart said. "Our intelligence has to have access to everything except wishes and fairies."
Sarcasm aside, Stewart made some specific allegations.
"The very Legislature that is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus, granted them the scope and reach," they said. "In 2008 and 2012 (they) explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure of said surveillance."
While many of Stewart's bits are pure comedy, their take on Congress' actions includes specific claims that can be fact-checked.
In that vein, Stewart is correct. Congress expanded the legal boundaries of intelligence gathering and turned back several efforts aimed to reveal details of how spying touched the lives of ordinary Americans. The only caveat: It seems unlikely that any of the amendments they referenced would have led the intelligence agencies to report on their spying on America's allies.
Bolstering FISA in 2008 and 2012
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, has been around since 1978. It basically sets the ground rules for spying on foreign agents, especially when that spying touches American soil and might touch American citizens. It gives a special court the power to oversee that work. After the terrorist attacks of 2001, President George W. Bush pressed to give intelligence agencies additional money and authority to look at information that people might have thought was private, such as library records. That was the " any tangible thing " that Stewart referred to.
But library records were a tiny sliver of the data collection program created by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency. Electronic information, over the Internet and through telephone networks was gathered and stored in vast quantities.
The collection of that data became known in 2006, when the role of major companies such as Verizon and AT&T was revealed. That prompted a 2008 review of the FISA law, to basically retroactively approve the arrangement.
"The 2008 amendments appear to be designed to legalize warrantless wiretapping by the NSA that had been done illegally prior to the amendment," said Molly Bishop Shadel, an expert in foreign intelligence law at the University of Virginia School of Law. "Congress expanded the scope of FISA even though it knew or should have known that the NSA had done something questionable."
During the debate in 2008 the main point of contention was whether to grant retroactive immunity to the telecommunications companies that apparently had given the government access to data that passed through their networks.
While the changes in 2008 did set some limits on domestic surveillance, they gave intelligence agencies greater flexibility to use new technology to track the activities of foreign agents so long as they were outside American borders, even if their communications ran through American systems. The 2008 revisions were to last five years, which prompted further tinkering in 2012.
By 2012, several members of Congress offered amendments that would have compelled intelligence agencies to give Congress more details on their activities. One from Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., would have urged the government to share key interpretations of law from the FISA court. Another from Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., would have told the government to report the number of Americans whose personal records had been caught up in its surveillance nets and would have strengthened the rules against warrantless searches. A third from Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., would have required a warrant for access to any U.S. communication, although it didn't speak directly to greater disclosure to Congress.
The Senate rejected all three amendments. Wyden's bill came the closest but failed 52-43.
The overall reauthorization of the wiretapping program passed 73 to 23.
The expanded reach of intelligence agencies continued and any amendment that Stewart referred to was turned back. (We reached out to The Daily Show for supporting details but did not hear back.)
Congress "definitely had a chance to pass amendments that would have given them more information," said Trevor Timm, a privacy activist with the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
But there is a caveat.
Timm said none of the amendments would have changed American activities overseas. They all were aimed at protecting the privacy of Americans. While keeping the country safe from its enemies remains the larger goal of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, there is nothing in the law that puts America's friends off limits.
Legally, the U.S Code says intelligence agencies "shall keep the congressional intelligence committees fully and currently informed of all intelligence activities." But that law allows to the director of national intelligence to set the standards as to what should be included in its reports.
Our ruling
Stewart said Congress had given intelligence agencies broad powers to engage in surveillance and had rejected an amendment that would have required more disclosure. Overall, changes made in 2008 and continued in 2012 did give U.S. spy agencies more leeway. Individual lawmakers offered amendments aimed expressly at giving Congress more details on intelligence activities, but they failed to win enough support.
We rate this claim True.
If questioning motherhood is profanity, then feeling 'trapped' or regretting your decision to become a mum is heresy.
“I hated, hated, hated the situation I found myself in,” a 37-year-old mother confesses to Marie Claire. “I think the word for what I felt is ‘trapped.' After I had a kid, I realised I hated being the mother to an infant, but by then it was too late. I couldn't walk away and still live with myself, but I also couldn't stand it. I felt like my life was basically a middle-class prison.”
Indeed, in the viscerally readable new feature by Sarah Treleaven, a host of anonymised women detail the regret that they feel about bearing children — dreams deferred, responsibilities shouldered, life courses irreparably altered.
The anecdotes wrench the heart. As in:
• “I am 30 years old and since I was very young I always dreamed about having a family,” an internet commenter writes. “I wish I would never have kids [sic]. I realise I am not mother material, and I am terrified thinking how I am going to be forced to take care of it.”
• “I wonder if my accomplishments would be more spectacular,” said a 38-year-old mum. “Would I have written my second or third book? Would I be able to travel to chase that elusive story? I feel motherhood has slowed me down so much.”
"I felt like my life was basically a middle-class prison.”
Yet, if questioning motherhood is profanity, then regretting it is heresy. Treleaven recalls the tale of author Ayelet Waldman, who in 2005 wrote in the New York Times about how they loved their husband (author Michael Chabon) more than their kids. (“Yes, I have four children … But I'm not in love with any of them,” they declared. “I am in love with my husband.”) Then they went on Oprah and got yelled at by an audience full of mums. Then they wrote a book about it.
Indeed, there's a movement of maternal dissent in the air. American journalist Jessica Valenti came out with Why Have Kids?: A New Mom Explores the Truth About Parenting and Happiness in 2012. French essayist Corinne Maier caused a furor in Europe with them No Kids: 40 Good Reasons Not to Have Children. In Germany, Sarah Fishcher published Die Mutterglück-Lüge (The Mother-bliss Lie): Regretting Motherhood – Why I'd Rather Have Become a Father.
Last year, Israeli sociologist Orna Donath published a paper interviewing 23 Israeli mothers about their regrets about having kids. Yes, Ornath admits, motherhood may transform and liberate you, but it can simultaneously harbor distress, disappointment, and subordination. While the “motherhood is hard” trope is very much out there, Ornath argues that people don't recognise enough that those tensions can lead women “to foreground an emotive and cognitive stance of regret toward their motherhood.”
Coming unstuck: Solving the work/parenting juggle Work's important, but so is family. So how do working parents successfully combine both, and which companies are helping Australians do it better?
Indeed, when it's discussed at all in the mainstream discourse, regretting the transformation from nonmother to mother is often seen “as an abject maternal experience and an object of disbelief,” they write. “But this disregard is not found only in media and mainstream discourse. It also appears in feminist and sociological literature, and it continues to be an unexplored maternal experience.”
Indeed, perhaps because of that taboo, it's an understudied emotion and perspective. (Not unlike how singledom or divorce.) Treleaven cites a German survey of 1,200 parents that found 8 percent of respondents regretted becoming parents. Other recent related research sheds more light. Science of Us has reported on how in the case of 187 newlywed Dutch couples, both mothers and fathers had a sloping decline in self-esteem after having children (the study was over a five-year period, so the post-kids period averaged about three years).
“I wonder if my accomplishments would be more spectacular,” said a 38-year-old mum.
Cracks are starting to appear in America's “pronatalist” culture, where it's assumed that after you check the boxes on getting a job and a spouse, the next errand is childbirth. There's a growing body of work around “child-free” couples, those who decide not to have kids, as epitomised in the title to the book of essays Selfish, Shallow, and Self-Absorbed: Sixteen Writers on the Decision Not to Have Kids.
A qualitative, sociological 2016 study asked open-ended questions about people who decide to go child-free, and the main themes that came up were that it was “conscious” and a “process.” Women gave interpersonal explanations, saying that they didn't want to alter their relationships or that they didn't want to bring the kid into an irrational world. Men were more individualist, saying they wanted to be able to pursue meaningful projects or enjoy greater freedom. “It's a rational response to what it means to have a kid and what impact [being a parent] has on the rest of your life,” was one primary example.
The gendered asymmetry around parenting plays a role with maternal regret, too. While it's pretty normalised for men to abdicate their parental responsibilities (hey Dad!), it's not so much for men.
“With mothers, it's simply expected that you will be an attentive, highly involved caretaker, and there is no praise when you are,” Treleaven writes, while if a man is an attentive father, he's a superstar. Quite interestingly, a sociologist told me that the reverse applies for breadwinning: Culturally, it's shameful for a husband to not do it, and exceptional for a wife to do it, so men who are sole providers feel lots of pressure — and anxiety — compared to their more egalitarian peers. The social expectation of domestic perfection, then, only adds to the mother angst.
The child-free people who cited their life goals as a reason for not having kids could probably nod in recognition with the moms who felt they sacrificed theirs
It seems like the consciousness around the choice of whether or not to have kids (and what gender roles you'd like to perform) in a relationship is very important. The child-free people who cited their life goals as a reason for not having kids could probably nod in recognition with the moms who felt they sacrificed theirs. But that's not to say that it's impossible to have it all: Shirley Jackson set American literature ablaze while rearing four kids, Jane Jacobs raised three and raised hell against the forces trying to pave Greenwich Village.
What seems to be the key, amid all this, is choice, and whether the choices you and I make are the reflection of some received blueprint for life that we get from collective society and resentfully acquiesce to, or whether the answers to the questions of whom to partner with and whether to reproduce arise from some deep source within yourself, as positive psychologists, existential philosophers, and romantic poets would hope for us. As Rainer Maria Rilke advised, that's where you find your answers: “within yourself, you one-time-child, within yourself.”
This article originally appeared on Science of Us: Article © 2016. All Rights reserved. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency.
Mitt Romney's tax plan plays a vital role in their economic program. They say it by itself will create seven million new jobs. They have been defending their proposal ever since economists at the Tax Policy Center -- a team with both Republican and Democratic connections -- said the numbers in Romney's plan do not add up. The Obama campaign has relied on that study to attack Romney in television ads and on the stump.
In the vice presidential debate, the moderator pressed Paul Ryan to fill in the missing details that would allow a clear assessment of what the tax changes might do. Ryan did not provide any but claimed other analysts confirm that the plan will accomplish everything it promises.
"Six studies have verified that this math adds up," Ryan said.
This is a claim that Romney and Ryan first made in early September, although back then, they cited five studies. We rated it Mostly False because two of the "studies" were actually Wall Street Journal editorials and one was double-counting another research paper.
Since then, the campaign has dropped the two editorials and added additional research for the new claim of six studies. For this fact check, we are building on our previous work and examining the claim in light of the additional studies being cited.
The basics of Romney's plan
Briefly, Romney's plan would cut individual and corporate rates, and eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax. This would put the government in the hole about $5 trillion over 10 years, but Romney would offset that by doing away with deductions, exemptions, credits and other wrinkles in the tax code that currently give people a tax break. Some of the largest ones are the home mortgage deduction and the tax-free treatment of employer health benefits.
Romney is clear about the tax cuts, but is largely silent about how they would offset them with reductions in tax breaks. However, they promise that the plan will be revenue neutral and it won't shift the tax burden from the very rich to the middle class.
The six studies
Before we go through the list, we should note that all of the studies, both those supporting Romney's plan and the one from the Tax Policy Center, speculate on the details of the deductions and tax breaks that Romney would reduce or eliminate. Martin Feldstein, in the first study, says "It is impossible to calculate the exact effects of the future reforms since Gov. Romney hasn't specified what they would do."
Curtis Dubay, the author of the newest study we examine, says (Romney's) "plan would offset the revenue loss from those changes by broadening the tax base in unspecified ways." In short, all analysts must fill in the blanks. This is akin to trying on a pair of pants before both legs are done.
1 & 2. Martin Feldstein, Harvard University "Romney's tax plan can raise revenue" and "A reply to comments"
Feldstein, an adviser to the Romney campaign, uses 2009 IRS data to demonstrate that Romney can meet all their goals and not increase taxes on the middle class. First they estimate the lost revenue due to Romney's 20 percent across the board rate cut and the elimination of the Alternative Minimum Tax. Feldstein figures that would be $186 billion.
Next, they look at how much could be gained by reducing or eliminating deductions.
At this point, they make an important decision. They define high-income as households making $100,000 or more. The Tax Policy Center sets the bar at $200,000 and anyone makes less is part of the middle class. By choosing the broader definition, Feldstein has a lot more revenue to work with.
In 2009, Feldstein says, the total value of itemized deductions for households making $100,000 and up was about $636 billion. By their estimate, if you eliminate those deductions, the IRS stands to gain about $191 billion. "More than enough to offset the revenue losses from the individual income tax cuts proposed by Gov. Romney," Feldstein says.
Feldstein underscores that they aren't advocating such a move. They only notes that eliminating deductions, or broadening the tax base as it is called, can net huge returns.
In their second piece, Feldstein defends treating households making $100,000 or more than "high-income" because they are in the upper 20 percent of income earners. They offer more details on the tax breaks that could be reduced for this group, such as tax-free health benefits and the child tax credit.
The response
Feldstein's definition of middle class is at odds with the one Mitt Romney has used. In an ABC interview, Romney said people making $200,000 or less are part of the middle class and would be protected in their plan.
The Tax Policy Center notes that Feldstein needs to go after the deductions used by less affluent people -- those making between $100,000 and $200,000 -- in order to make the books balance.
The center analysts also note that this assumes these people would not be allowed to take even the basic standard deduction. The group further challenges Feldstein's use of the 30 percent tax rate, saying a more accurate estimate is 24 percent which would leave Feldstein $70 billion short of the revenues lost through the rest of Romney's tax cuts. (In their response, Feldstein says they could use the lower rate and still make the numbers work by going after other tax breaks.)
3. Harvey Rosen, Princeton University "Growth, distribution and tax reform: Thoughts on the Romney proposal"
Rosen's main point is that any assessment of the Romney tax plan that ignores its impact on economic growth is incomplete.
"This is curious," Rosen said, "because increasing growth is the motivation for the proposal in the first place." Growth creates more income for the government to tax which would help offset the revenues lost through rate cuts.
Rosen readily admits that no one can accurately predict the future so they run the numbers using three growth rates for GDP - 3 percent, 5 percent and 7 percent. By comparison, the White House budget planners assume an average rate of close to 3 percent.
Like Feldstein, they used 2009 data. Unlike Feldstein, they analyzed what happens for taxpayers making $100,000 and up, and then repeated it for those making $200,000 and up.
Rosen found that when all possible deductions are eliminated, from home mortgages to charitable giving to health insurance benefits, it means that increased revenues can balance out the money lost through tax cuts.
There is only one scenario where Rosen saw a wrinkle -- when households making less than $200,000 are shielded from the loss of deductions under certain tax and growth assumptions. Rosen saw a $28 billion gap and said "maintaining an approximately constant tax burden on high-income individuals would be more challenging." But not "mathematically impossible."
The response
The criticism that the Tax Policy Center failed to account for growth is incorrect. William Gale, one of the center's economists who was on the Council of Economic Advisers for President George H.W. Bush, says the team specifically tested their results using different assumptions of economic growth.
"Incorporating the growth effects did not change the conclusion," Gale said.
The center said groups including the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation take a cautious approach on assuming that tax changes alone will lead to new growth. This is particularly true when tax cuts are combined with base-broadening, which lies at the heart of the Romney plan.
Both Rosen and Feldstein use 2009 data. Alan Auerbach, an economist at the University of California Berkeley, said 2009 presents problems for analysts. 2009 was the bottom of the recession. In pure dollar amounts, upper income households saw huge investment losses in 2008. When the stock market recovered, they offset those gains with losses from the year before.
In 2009, they had less income that would benefit from the lower rates Romney proposes.
Accordingly, the cost of a tax cut would be smaller and so would the amount you would need to pick up by getting rid of tax deductions and other tax breaks as Romney has said they want.
Auerbach said 2009 would be a relatively easy year to make the numbers work.
4. Matt Jensen, American Enterprise Institute, "How the Tax Policy Center could improve its Romney tax study"
Jensen challenges the Tax Policy Center findings on two fronts. First, they said it should have considered the elimination of two tax breaks that the center's analysts said "were off the table." One is the interest on state and local bonds; the other is interest on life insurance policies.
"Both of these exclusions largely benefit the wealthy," Jensen said. "Added together their repeal would net upwards of $90 billion that could be redistributed to lower-income individuals." Jensen called their analysis "nothing if not rough."
Jensen also said the center's definition of who is high-income is arbitrary. Rather than declare everyone over $200,000 as high income, they suggested the center show the lowest income level at which the Romney plan would work out mathematically.
The response
The Tax Policy Center challenged Jensen's "rough" number. It said a more accurate figure would be $25 billion.
5. Alex Brill, American Enterprise Institute, "The Romney tax plan: Not a tax hike on the middle class"
Brill also faults the Tax Policy Center for ignoring the impact of growth, but they have three specific criticisms. They say the center made mistakes in how it dealt with taxes related to the health care reform law and gains made on insurance policies. Brill also says the center ignored the option to tax earnings from state and local bonds.
The total value of these changes, Brill says, brings the Romney plan within $12 billion of balancing out.
The response
As with the other studies, Brill is off the mark in saying the Tax Policy Center ignored the impact of growth. On their specific criticisms, they find support for two of them from Josh Barro, a columnist with Bloomberg News who agrees that the Obamacare taxes and life insurance gains should be folded into the picture.
But on state and local bonds, Barro disagrees. They say Brill has exaggerated the potential money in this pot. Brill said it would be $20 billion. Barro says only about $5 billion of that goes to bondholders. Following the cash gets complicated very quickly but bottom line, Barro warns that if these bonds are not tax free, then state and local governments would pay more to borrow money.
"A key effect would be state and local governments raising taxes (mostly not on the wealthy) to pay higher interest costs," Barro wrote.
6. Curtis Dubay, Heritage Foundation, "The Tax Policy Center's skewed analysis of Governor Romney's tax plan"
Dubay relies on three of the studies already listed, from Feldstein, Rosen and Jensen, but adds a new criticism of the Tax Policy Center study. Dubay says the center failed to make adjustment what is called the "step-up in basis" from inherited assets.
Take the example of inheriting stock from your mother. Under Romney's plan, there would be no estate tax. If you sold the stock, you would owe taxes on any profit. That profit, Dubay says, should be based on the value of the stock when your mother bought it, not its value when you inherited it. The difference is called a "step-up" and getting rid of it makes a lot more money taxable.
The Tax Policy Center did not count on this, producing a "critical error" that "significantly biases" the results, Dubay says. They estimated the value at $19 billion.
The response
Gale with the Tax Policy Center says Dubay's change would not generate the revenues they predict for two reasons. First, not all the inherited property would be sold and for any that wasn't, no tax would be collected. Second, Dubay uses the current tax rates to calculate the tax collections, but Romney would cut those rates and so the amount of revenues would drop.
Our ruling
Ryan said that six studies verify that the numbers in the Romney tax plan add up. Hearing that, you might think that each is independent research. But not all studies are created equal and these come from people or groups with ties to Romney.
Two of those studies come from Feldstein, a Romney campaign adviser. Three come from conservative think tanks, the Heritage Foundation and American Enterprise Institute, which have analysts who advise the Romney campaign. While every analyst would insist that they make their own judgments, the Tax Policy Center is fully independent of the Obama campaign.
The studies from Feldstein and Rosen use 2009 data. That was an abnormal year and one that made it easier to make the math work for the Romney plan. The analysts could have chosen other years but decided not to.
Of the studies that examine the middle class tax burden, none shows conclusively that households making less than $200,000 would be spared a tax increase. That is a group of taxpayers that Romney defines as middle class and says they would protect.
None of the studies can accurately model Romney's tax plan because they have said so little about how they would pay for it. As a result, all of them make assumptions as to what tax breaks might be reduced. They can speak in rough terms about a concept, but they can not verify a plan when no detailed plan exists.
We see no more than one fully independent study out of the six claimed. We rate the statement Mostly False.
Investigators gain access to ammonium nitrate truck explosion site near Charleville in south-west Qld
Updated
Investigators have been granted access to the site of a catastrophic truck crash and explosion that injured eight people south of Charleville in south-west Queensland.
The truck driver, two fire officers, and two passers-by remain in hospital with serious injuries, while three other rescue workers were recovering at their homes in Charleville.
Emergency crews have described the scene as "war zone", with the explosion leaving a five-metre-wide crater in the landscape.
A two-kilometre exclusion zone was declared after the truck, carting more than 50 tonnes of ammonium nitrate, crashed and rolled about 10:00pm (AEST) on Friday.
Police said the blast was so powerful it "disintegrated" the truck, destroyed firefighting vehicles and two bridges, and blew a hole in the Mitchell Highway.
Authorities said it was a miracle no-one lost their lives.
You have a look at the road behind you and there is no road behind you - it's going to take weeks, if not months, to clean up. Fire Inspector Warren Buckley
The site of the explosion was deemed too unsafe for authorities to enter on Sunday, but police and forensic experts have now been granted access.
Fire Inspector Warren Buckley said investigators would be looking at the incident for some time.
"You have a look at the road behind you and there is no road behind you - it's going to take weeks, if not months, to clean up," they said.
"This is a first in 26 years of firefighting - it's not often we come across these major events and our crews are extremely lucky."
Assistant Fire Commissioner Tom Dawson praised the actions of the officers.
"Without doubt, the courage shown by the crews and to experience this experience and survive it - I've got the greatest admiration for those on scene," they said.
Three remain in hospital
The 33-year-old truck driver was in an induced coma at the Royal Brisbane Hospital, with their pregnant wife by their side.
Two firefighters remain in the Toowoomba hospital with internal bruising and serious damage to their ear drums and were in a stable condition.
Rescue crews were trying to extract the driver from the truck when they found out there was ammonium nitrate inside.
They were making a mad dash from the truck when it exploded.
Inspectors said it was the slight rise of 1.5 metres from where the truck rolled under the bridge to where they were standing that ultimately save their lives.
It was the second accident in Queensland involving transportation of the hazardous chemical. The last was in Taroom in 1972.
The owner of the truck, Kalari, said it was deeply saddened that people were injured in the explosion and that their welfare was the company's priority.
In a statement, Kalari said it had stopped the service route pending more information about the incident.
Authorities preparing 100-kilometre detour
Queensland Transport Minister Scott Emerson said officers from their department were investigating the accident and the road would be closed for some time.
The Department of Main Roads was preparing a 100-kilometre detour to Cunnamulla for traffic in the area, along the Charleville-Bollon Road.
"There are rules in place both in terms of signage and particular routes that they are allowed to carry dangerous goods and obviously we'll be talking to police about whether anything was done wrong," Mr Emerson said.
"The road will remain closed indefinitely until the area is deemed safe.
"The Department of Main Roads is still working on an interim detour."
Topics: road, road-transport, emergency-incidents, charleville-4470, wyandra-4489, longreach-4730, toowoomba-4350
First posted
Thanks to Kyle for letting me borrow their Beyerdynamic T1 (Gen 1) on extended loan for impressions and this review.
Background
The Beyerdynamic T1 (Gen 1) was originally Beyerdynamic's response to rival Sennheiser's HD800 flagship headphone and was first released in 2010. The introduction of the T1 also marked the debut of Beyer's “Tesla” drivers, drivers which have a magnetic flux density greater than 1 Tesla. Beyer claims that despite being a 600ohm headphone, the T1 is actually not very difficult to drive because of the strength of the magnetic field in its drivers and that the higher flux density aids driver control and fidelity, resulting in a more balanced sound signature and lower distortion. Since the introduction of Tesla driver technology, Beyerdynamic has released various updates to its product line, taking an existing headphone and modifying it to use a Tesla driver. Beyerdynamic has recently released an updated tuning of this model, the T1 (Gen 2), which is supposed have improved performance, as well as updating some of the DTXX0 line with Tesla drivers to create the DT1XX0 line.
The T1 (Gen 1) comes with a double-sided, non-removable cable. If you desired, you could chop off the stock termination and re-terminate with a balanced connector. I have the T1 in stock form and reviewed it out of the single ended output of my NFB-27H.
Fit and Comfort
The T1 is built very similarly to other headphones in the lineup. This means it has the same metal and plastic build, with cup adjusters that get looser and tend to wobble over time and a firm headband with some padding. Overall the Headphone is built quite similarly to the DT880, with some obviously enhanced design accents and drivers that sit at an angle from your ear in the cups. The pads are Beyer's very soft velour and generously sized, it's lightweight, and the headband and cups have a very light clamp that is very comfortable over long listening sessions.
Sound Impressions
I sometimes wondered why Beyerdynamic chose to spin models off their “7” and “9” lines of headphones to create new Tesla versions, but never the “8” line. After listening to the T1 at length, I realize that the T1 is the Tesla version of their “8” line, sharing a very similar tuning to the DT880 (I also own the 600ohm version of this headphone). Overall I feel it improves on some of the metallic timbre issues of the DT880 but introduces some other issues in the process.
The bass on the T1 is fair even and extended. There is a slight emphasis in the mid-bass compared to the DT880 which gives bass a little bit more punch. However bass is not as impactful or focused as the DT880, giving it a slightly smeared and cloudy character. Sub-bass performance is lacking for my taste and loses much of its impact due to the lack of focus. Despite this lack of focus, the bass does not bleed into the mids, which it might if it had more quantity. Overall the bass is fairly even, with the very slight emphasis in the lower mid-bass and then a decline into the sub-bass region.
The mids on the T1 share the same evenness as the DT880 for the most part, with a slight bit of warmth coming from the slightly downward overall tilt of the T1 compared to the DT880. The T1 has some of the same metallic timbre issues of the DT880 with vocals, however it seems slightly reduced. At first, I felt this was partly because of the reduced mid-treble peak, however upon further listening I realized that the ringing of the driver that causes the cloudiness and lack of focus was softening the otherwise metallic tone of the headphone. This also comes through strongly on vocals, which seem hazy and have sort of an immediate echo or vibrating resonance.
As mentioned before, the mid-treble peak characteristic of so many Beyerdynamic headphones isn't as present on this particular pair of T1s, however I have heard other pairs which do suffer from that peak and really overemphasize cymbals and snare drum hits to the point of sibilance. This also really makes other background details like tape hiss stand out much more obviously. As mentioned above, the unfocused and unclear nature of this headphone continues through the treble, which has a softening effect that detracts from the detail of the headphones.
Overall I find the haziness really keeps the headphone from sounding very smooth, quick or detailed. Soundstage of the T1 is not very large, I find it somewhat comparable to the soundstage size of the HD650 but slightly wider by comparison. Textural detail is mostly lost with the T1 because of the messiness of the reproduction. I also find that imaging is not very distinct, and while I can determine the general relation of instruments and vocals to one another, I have a harder time determining where they exist in the soundstage.
Conclusion
The T1 (Gen 1) is a headphone that has a really nicely balanced and even response other than a mid-treble peak that seems to vary in presence from unit to unit. I find the T1 very similar overall to the DT880 from a tonality and timbre perspective, preserving some of the metallic coloration of the DT880. The haziness of the T1 gives it a sort of smoothed over and ethereal quality which can be a desirable coloration for some and reminds me a lot of the sort of romantic haziness characteristic of many Audio-Technica headphones but more refined. I have a hard time recommending this headphone over the DT880, its non-Tesla predecessor, because I just feel the DT880 does much of what the T1 does with a similar tonal balance but better detail and focus. It does also have a stronger metallic timbre that this T1 mitigates fairly well. If you're looking for something that doesn't have a laid back tonal balance but is more laid back in terms of its presentation of details, the T1 (Gen 1) may be a good choice.
Queens native Heems (formerly of Das Racist) and London-based rapper Riz MC have combined their efforts to form Swet Shop Boys, a project that bridges the gap between India and Pakistan. That alone is pretty monumental, but now we get to hear what this culture clash sounds like on their first record "Benny Lava."
The song is a play off of Buffalax' mondogreen-inspired video "Benny Lava," which parodies Prabhu Deva's "Kalluri Vaanil." It just so happens that the beat created by Ryan Hemsworth is also titled "Benny Lava," on some music inception tip. In the music video, Heems and Riz MC rap about their individual exploits and newfound chemistry while visiting two neighborhoods that are predominately Indian and Pakistani in the New York area. Swet Shop Boys are a force to be reckoned with, and UOENO.
The music video for "Benny Lava" is directed by Prashant Bhargava and Tanuj Chopra. Swet Shop Boys plan to release a three-song EP later this year, so stay tuned.
RELATED: Premiere: Comedian Joe Mande Releases Standup Mixtape "B***hface" Featuring A$AP Yams, Roy Hibbert, Amy Poehler, and More
RELATED: Vampire Weekend Releases a Remix of "Step" With Danny Brown, Heems, & Despot
You know that feeling when you unwrap the Starburst bag and the first one is pink...and the second one is pink?
Imagine if you could feel that sense of wonder, accomplishment without any of the hard work of just hoping?
You will be able to do just that starting in early April, when Starburst releases All Pink packs for a limited time.
Matt Montei, Sr. Director of Confections at Wrigley, said this idea came completely from the candy's fans.
"On social media we're seeing people talk about pink Starburst more than any other flavor; there's even a meme about being treated 'like a Pink Starburst,'" Montei said. "The Pink conversation and fanfare has continued to grow so we decided to act."
They also tease there is more to come from Starburst in the form of new flavors/innovations but that the focus right now is all about "think pink."
I got a very sweet #gift from @Starburst in the form of an ALL PINK PACK 😍😍😍 Thank you! pic.twitter.com/fDMWcgorE5 — CatherineGiudiciLowe (@clmgiudici) February 6, 2017
The packs will be available in retailers including Walmart, Walgreens, Target, Kroger, Meijer, H-E-B and - wait for it - Amazon.
That's right, now you can order perfectly pink Starburst to your door without even having to change out of your pajamas.
That's enough to tickle us pink.
*If you are a philistine who doesn't like pink Starburst, this article really can't help you.
It is well-trod territory at this point that biases against women's technological abilities hold women in technology back. Study after study has shown bias persists at every point of the employment process. So the start-up interviewing.io decided to try and do something about it. It masked women's voices to sound like men's and vice versa during online interviews to see if interviewers would like them better.
It was inspired to do the experiment because it was seeing some alarming data. Interviewing.io is a platform that allows people to practice technical interviewing anonymously and, hopefully, get a job in the process. After amassing data from more than a thousand technical interviews, the company noticed a troubling trend, writes founder Aline Lerner in a blog post:
"Men were getting advanced to the next round 1.4 times more often than women. Interviewee technical score wasn't faring that well either—men on the platform had an average technical score of 3 out of 4, as compared to a 2.5 out of 4 for women."
The company decided to build a voice-masking tool to see if that made a difference in how candidates fared. They developed a few different types of voice modulations, and tested them out on 234 different interviews. They were surprised to find, however, that the gender swapping had no significant effect, and actually achieved the opposite of what they had hoped. Here's Lerner:
"Contrary to what we expected (and probably contrary to what you expected as well!), masking gender had no effect on interview performance with respect to any of the scoring criteria (would advance to next round, technical ability, problem-solving ability). If anything, we started to notice some trends in the opposite direction of what we expected: for technical ability, it appeared that men who were modulated to sound like women did a bit better than unmodulated men and that women who were modulated to sound like men did a bit worse than unmodulated women."
Lerner's conclusions fly in the face of previous experiments around gender bias and hiring practices in male-dominated fields. In the 1970s, when the nation's leading symphony orchestras faced a problem like the one Silicon Valley faces today, orchestras began concealing applicants behind screens and drapes. By the mid-1990s, the number of women in the five leading orchestras in the U.S. had increased fivefold. By 2003, more than a third of players in the top 24 orchestras were female.
Advertisement
In science and technology, like in the orchestras of the not-so-distant past, the idea that men are inherently more suited to the field is a deep-seeded and persistently reinforced cultural belief. Many studies have shown that the advent of double-blind scientific reviews, in which both the name of the reviewer and a study author are not known, has significantly increased the number of works by female scientists accepted for publication. It only stands to reason, then, that similarly concealing gender would improve the luck of female tech job applicants.
Lerner dug into their data and came up with their own guess for the cause of the surprising results: women were leaving the platform after having one or two bad interviews. In other words, women, feeling discouraged, seemed to be just giving up on interviewing altogether. "Once you factor out interview data from both men and women who quit after one or two bad interviews," they write, "the disparity goes away entirely."
Lerner's findings here do correlate to some things academic research has also shown. They pointed to one study that found that after giving a scientific reasoning test to male and female undergrads and asking them how they fared, women underrated their own performance.
Advertisement
The sample size here was not very large, nor was its design very scientific (it assumes, for example, that voice pitch and sound are the only things that give gender away). So while it may be tempting to take this anecdote and radically rethink the way we approach closing the gender gap in science and technology, it's probably best to view the lack of disparity Lerner found as an aberration. There is just too much research—across many different fields—showing the opposite of what their experiment found.
But their voice-masking experiment does remind us of a point perhaps too-often overlooked: as women, it is not only the biases of the world we must surmount, but also those biases we have against ourselves.
After a few months of news drought on top of the real-world California drought I'm in here on the West Coast, Red Barrels Games, the developers of Outlast 2, the sequel to the original and very well-received Outlast, have finally put out something new to report on regarding its story.
As reported by Press A 2 Join, Philippe Morin, the co-founder of Red Barrels Games, recently had an interview with Indie Games Level Up, in which they discussed story inspiration. Morin stated in the interview that one of the inspirations for the story of Outlast 2 was a lot of research into the Jonestown Massacre, which they said has been dubbed the biggest mass suicide ever in recorded history. According to Morin, the team chose the massacre as inspiration for game design in order to capture that same feeling of horror, anxiety and hopelessness that players felt when they entered the Asylum in the first game.
Morin went on to say that Outlast 2 will definitely bridge the gap between it and Outlast, since both games are, in their words, in the same universe. However, Morin was moot on exactly how it would, saying it's still way too early to reveal that.
Press A 2 Join also reported in the same article on a Tweet by the development team. It was in answer to a question about whether the PC and console release dates would be simultaneous or not and if pre-orders are going to be available. The team's answer: undecided on all fronts. No promises or confirmations to make.
@youridekock We'd like a simultaneous release, but can't promise or confirm anything at this point. Pre order is not decided either. — Red Barrels Games (@TheRedBarrels) January 26, 2016
Outlast 2 is set for release in Fall 2016 on the Playstation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
What do you think of the new information on the story inspiration for the game? Let us know in the comments below!
A quick sidenote for the bright-eyed: this new piece of information on story inspiration shines some light on why the teaser trailer released last year and the description of the game talk about blind faith and God. Just in case you didn't notice, there you go. Enjoy!
Please stay with us here at Only Single Player (OnlySP.com) and our Facebook, Twitter and Youtube for all the latest news, previews, reviews, opinions and much more in the world of single-player gaming!
I am a 26 year old that had everything I could want and threw it away with one stupid choice. I married the man of my dreams four years ago and we had a great relationship. I had a great career as a nurse in the operating room. We travelled, went out frequently, had disposable income, great sex, etc. I also was active and worked out by running, dancing, doing pilates, and yoga which kept me in great physical shape. I never really had a desire to have children because there were many things that I thought I could do instead. I became a tad bit bored with life as it had become routine, and had been under intense pressure for years by family, friends, and co-workers to have a child. I began to doubt myself and think that maybe I wanted a child and that this final "missing piece" would fill in life completely and it would be a great addition to my family with my husband.
I had the baby and everything came crumbling down. First, when I gave birth to my baby I found out that I have crappy pelvic connective tissue. What does this mean? It means that my uterus, small intestine, and large intestine prolapsed down and tried to fall out of my vagina. It was horrible, my insides felt like they were constantly going to fall out (like beind slowly eviscerated everytime I stood up or did anything but lay down). I constantly felt discomfort and pressure like I was falling apart. Due to this condition I couldn't be active and work-out, poop, have sex without pain, and work as a nurse due to lifting restrictions and standing restrictions. I had to wait five months to have the surgery, and I had it three months ago. I can poop now, but I still feel like my insides want to fall out and I can't be active because of this discomfort. The doctors basically told me I am as fixed as they can get me, and maybe someday the feelings of falling out will go away (depending on). How can I spend the rest of my life feeling like my guts are falling out of my vagina?!! Oh yeah, and sex still hurts too. I am also on lifelong restrictions from the surgery and I cannot lift more than 30lbs, run, work in the operating room anymore, and do many of the work outs I used to love. I am out of shape now.
Secondly, turns out I was right when I thought I didn't want to have a child, and the pressure to have one from society in general was a load of crap. I HATE being a mom, it does not fit me. I respect my baby, but don't want to raise him. I cannot stand the boredom. I feel like a caged animal. I want to give my 8 month old up for adoption, but I feel trapped because my family and husband would hate me for this. I want them to have a family that actually wants him. It would be fairer to both of us. My marraige took a major hit because now we don't have the free time and money we did before. We also have huge medical bills from my surgery, physical therapy, therapist, etc related to my recent health problem.
I wish I was dead, but every time I go about attempting suicide my husband stops me. I listen to them because I love and want to be with them too, but I don't think they will accept that things will just never be the same again unfortunately. I cannot believe that I screwed up my great life, beautiful body, and youth to have some child that I don't even want because I was pressured into it. I had no idea that having a baby could be so devastating and horrible. When will this nightmare end?!
As just announced on the PlayStation Blog, the next Gran Turismo 5 software update is coming on September 25, and will bring with it three new cars available to purchase as DLC for $0.99 each.
Nissan GT-R N24 GT Academy '12
Subaru BR-Z S '12
Honda Weider HSV-010 (SUPER GT) '11
Software update 2.08 brings with it the following new features, in addition to correcting bugs and other issues:
Now possible to select “Disable collisions” in the [Event Settings] of online races.
ID's are now shown above cars when watching online races.
Response of the clutch pedal when using the steering wheel controllers “G25 Racing Wheel”, “G27 Racing Wheel”, “T500RS” and “TH8RS” has been adjusted.
Rate of tire wear in endurance races has been slowed (excluding formula cars).
Amount of air resistance change when altering aerodynamic wing settings has been increased.
Autopilot has been adjusted to prevent colliding with the wall when exiting the pit lane on the Tsukuba circuit.
Adjusted the changes in control characteristic when altering vehicle height from standard height. (Vehicle height can be changed by adjusting ride height, either by installing a suspension kit or adjusting a full customizable suspension kit.)
Head on over to our Gran Turismo 5 forum for more analysis and discussion. Thanks to Ylli for the quick tip!
More Posts On...
This article, Marauder Corps, has insufficient information and needs more content. You can assist the Titanfall Wikia by expanding this article as much as you can.
The Marauder Corps, better known as M​-COR, is a faction appearing in the Titanfall universe, playable in both the first game and its sequel.
Contents show]
Overview Edit
Titanfall Edit
The M-COR, as an attached unit to the 1st Militia Fleet and Freeport Brigade, are a unit of the Frontier Militia comprised of many Pilots and Riflemen. They were instrumental in recruiting former IMC officers James MacAllan and Robert "Barker" Taube to the Militia cause, leading to the disastrous IMC defeat at the Battle of Demeter.
Titanfall 2 Edit
Over the five years following Demeter, the MCOR, along with the Militia as a whole, has been formed from rag-tag militia to a proper army with logistics, industrial centres and organization. The MCOR now has its own sub-groups such as the 41st Militia Rifle Battalion but has been restructured in the Militia command to answer to the newly-formed Special Recon Squadron.[1]
In the Battle of Typhon, the MCOR were deployed en masse onto the planet's surface to support Pilots conducting Special Operation 217.
In the multiplayer, the MCOR is the default Faction that the player can fight for, led by Commander Sarah Briggs.
References Edit
July 19th, 2017 4 comments
Penguin Random House Confirm 13th Doctor Books
Following the announcement of the new Thirteenth Doctor, BBC Books and Penguin Random House Children's UK are delighted to announce a major new publishing acquisition. Rebecca Smart, Managing Director for Ebury Publishing and Francesca Dow, Managing Director for Penguin Random Children's UK have acquired world publishing rights all languages, for Doctor Who is a series 11 from BBC Worldwide.
This is an exclusive deal for all formats including non-fiction, fiction, activity, novelty, audio and the annual. Books will be a combination of titles that introduce the show and the Doctor to a new audience as well as more in-depth books for die-hard fans. Penguin Random House UK has long been the home of Doctor Who, with BBC Books publishing the series since the 1990's and Penguin Random House Children's UK publishing Doctor Who titles for over a decade.
News of the deal follows the BBC's announcement on Sunday 16th July that Jodie Whittaker will be the new Doctor. They will be the thirteenth Time Lord and takes over from Peter Capaldi who leaves the global hit show at Christmas.
Rebecca Smart, Managing Director, Ebury Publishing, says: “We are really delighted to have completed a two series publishing deal with BBC Worldwide. At BBC Books we have a long history of publishing alongside Doctor Who and are so pleased to be able to continue, particularly as the series enters this exciting new phase!”
Francesca Dow, Managing Director, Penguin Random House Children's UK, adds: “What an exciting time to be renewing our partnership with BBC Worldwide as Doctor Who moves into a new era with its first female Doctor. Doctor Who stands for transformational magical storytelling and we can't wait to take the new Doctor on new adventures in our books as we continue to expand the Doctor Who is a universe. We'll be publishing for brand-new fans meeting the Doctor for the very first time, as well as the existing fans who already know and love the show as much as we do.”
Jan Paterson, Head of Book and Audio Publishing, BBC Worldwide comments: “The Penguin Random House publishing agreement is one of the most important and successful partnerships for the Doctor Who brand, and so we are really pleased that we have renewed terms with them for Jodie Whittaker's Doctor. Both in their publishing for the Children's and Adult audiences, they have created an imaginative, diverse, extensive range of quality books that have reflected the content and values of the series and brand. We have worked with them on Doctor Who publishing for many years, and are excited about the plans for the future.”
Jodie Whittaker said on their appointment as the Thirteenth Doctor: “To be asked to play the ultimate character, to get to play pretend in the truest form: this is why I wanted to be an actor in the first place. To be able to play someone who is literally reinvented on screen, with all the freedoms that brings: what an unbelievable opportunity. And added to that, to be the first woman in that role.”
Categorised under: News, Retail
When President Donald Trump suggested last month that the reported rise in antisemitism might have been due to hoaxes, the media were outraged.
When Trump rejected — angrily — the premise of a question posed by a (sympathetic) Jewish reporter who asked Trump what they were going to do about antisemitism, that was treated as evidence of their guilt. And when they condemned antisemitism, it was not enough for Democrats, who are still alleging that they are to blame.
Last week's arrest of a Jewish teenager in Israel, with dual citizenship in the U.S., proved that much of the antisemitic outbreak was, in fact, fake news.
Though there has been a surge in anti-Jewish rhetoric and imagery online, and there has been some vandalism at synagogues and cemeteries, the bomb threats that caused the media sensation were not carried out by white supremacist Trump supporters, but an African-American left-wing journalist and the Israeli teen.
Indeed, it is now impossible to know whether the few real incidents of antisemitism were part of a surge, or part of the low level of “background” antisemitism that persists, sadly, even in the U.S., the most tolerant country in the world.
Evelyn Gordon of Commentary magazine — a publication founded by the American Jewish Committee, with a strong interest in Jewish affairs — adds an additional dimension to the story, noting that the teenage culprit was primarily interested in media coverage of the threats.
Where the media ignored the bomb threats, they gave up and moved on to other areas; where the media reported them, they launched threats against similar targets to amplify the public outrage.
Gordon notes that the politically-motivated reactions of left-leaning Jewish institutions and the mainstream media made the outbreak worse:
For most of the last two years–during which they threatened targets like shopping malls and airlines, as well as Jewish institutions in countries like Australia, New Zealand, and America–his threats produced little media coverage, so they didn't repeat them. But after Trump's election, they suddenly hit pay dirt. Threats against U.S. Jewish institutions fit right into the American Jewish community's loudly proclaimed narrative that the election had empowered right-wing anti-Semites, epitomized by Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt's ludicrous assertion that U.S. anti-Semitism was now at a level unseen since 1930s Germany. Moreover, such threats fit right into the broader left-wing narrative that Trump's election had empowered white supremacists, racists and other right-wing hate groups. Consequently, whereas anti-Semitic acts received little media coverage during President Barack Obama's tenure, they suddenly began receiving massive media attention following Trump's election–not just in America, but worldwide.
Gordon concludes: “The anti-Trump hysteria actually encouraged the very attacks it was meant to combat.” And they make one additional, crucial point — namely, that the threats began under President Barack Obama, but it was President Trump who took them seriously enough to investigate them, and to stop them:
The Israeli police sources told Haaretz that even though the bomb threats had gone on for two years and several different countries were involved in the investigation, until recently, capturing the perpetrator wasn't considered high priority. What changed that, they said, was Donald Trump. A few weeks ago, they ordered the FBI to make nailing the suspect high priority. … In short, for all the criticism they justly earned for their belated and reluctant condemnations of anti-Semitism, Trump took action to stop it in a way their predecessor never did–a point to remember for anyone who believes that actions speak louder than words.
It is unclear whether the teenager had a political motive. Regardless, Trump has been vindicated.  They are owed several apologies — and, more than that, they deserve to be commended.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. Their new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Knights to honor ties to space program with special mission patch
UCF's Homecoming football game will be dubbed the “Space Game” and will honor the university's long-time ties to the United States space program.
The University of Central Florida was founded in 1963 as Florida Technological University, with the mission of supporting the growing United States space program at nearby Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. As the academic scope expanded beyond its original focus on engineering and technology, the school was renamed the University of Central Florida in 1978.
The Oct. 14 Homecoming game vs. East Carolina will feature many connections to the space program. The “Space Game” will demonstrate and celebrate UCF's commitment to space exploration and research that spans from the early days just before stepping onto the moon to our pursuit of Mars today.
The following is a look at just a few of UCF's connections to the space program and space research:
UCF currently leads the NASA Florida Space Grant Consortium
UCF researchers are working with commercial partners such as Virgin Galactic, United Launch Alliance and Blue Origin to push our exploration limits
UCF has been involved in eight (8) NASA missions, including the recently-concluded (Sept. 15) Cassini mission to Saturn and the active OSIRIS Rex mission to retrieve samples from a nearby asteroid
UCF is home to NASA's Center for Lunar and Asteroid Science
The Florida Space Institute is also hosted at UCF
The Knights will wear special mission patches on their uniforms for the Oct. 14 Space Game. The full uniform combination will be announced soon. A mission patch is a cloth reproduction of the spaceflight mission emblem worn by astronauts and other personnel affiliated with a particular mission. It is usually executed as an embroidered patch. Traditionally, the patch is worn on the space suit that astronauts wear when launched into space. Mission patches have been adopted by the crew and personnel of many other space ventures, public and private.
UCF Space Game mission patch information:
A star cluster in the center that represents the constellation ‘Pegasus,' the symbol of UCF
Multiple planets in the starscape, showing what lies beyond our solar system
UCF's motto “Reach for the Stars” adorns the top border
The border implies looking out of a window aboard a futuristic ship, exploring space
The moon, the closest celestial body to earth, is included to symbolize what we've already accomplished
The Homecoming Space Game is presented by CFE Federal Credit Union. The #UCFansWear theme for the Space Game is “Starry Knight.” Fans will be encouraged to wear black with white shirts among them, giving the illusion of stars in the night sky. Mission Patch t-shirts are currently available at the UCF Bookstore.
This post is part of the DFB #OnTheList series, where we feature eats you've GOT to have while you're at Disney! Let us know what's on YOUR Disney Food Bucket List @DisneyFoodBlog #OnTheList!
What's Mickey-shaped, cinnamon-swirled, and #OnTheList?
It's the Warm Colossal Cinnamon Roll at Animal Kingdom's Kusafiri Coffee Shop and Bakery and Creature Comforts!
Right off the bat, you may think the best thing about it is that it's COLOSSAL, but even that takes second place to the fact that it's MICKEY-SHAPED. But, hey… the whole “colossal” thing is a nice touch, too!
You're looking at one large cinnamon roll (they use an ENTREE-SIZED plate for this guy) and two smaller rolls for the ears, making it an easy pull-apart for sharing.
Yep, you read that right… for possibly the first time ever, we're actually recommending sharing a cinnamon roll. According to the menu it “serves two” at $8.99, but I've seen families of four happily sharing this thing. It's BIG.
Don't be put off by the somewhat dark color of the pastry. Though at a glance it appears overly toasted (after all, as the name says, it IS served warm), that's just color from ALL THE EXTRA CINNAMON used to flavor the super-soft and buttery roll.
My only wish? I'd love to have a little more of that buttercream icing drizzled all over the whole thing.
But you knew I was going to say that, didn't you 😉 ? Plus, I can forgive just about anything that's shaped like my very favorite mouse…
So bring a friend or family member (or two!) to help you cross the Warm Colossal Cinnamon Roll off your Disney Food Bucket List!
Is the Warm Colossal Cinnamon Roll on your Disney Food Bucket List? Please let us know with a comment!
Edward Snowden slammed WikiLeaks' “hostility to even modest curation“ on Thursday as the data-leaking site struggles against two simultaneous controversies.
WikiLeaks has taken heat recently for posting thousands of stolen emails from the Democratic National Committee, which experts have said could be an attempt by Russia to influence the U.S. presidential election. At the same time, the site has also been accused of endangering women by linking to databases of Turkish voter records.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Democratizing information has never been more vital, and @Wikileaks has helped. But their hostility to even modest curation is a mistake,” tweeted Snowden.
The Turkish databases appear to have contained information on every female voter in all but two of Turkey's 81 provinces. The site linked to by WikiLeaks eventually bowed to public pressure and took down the offending files. Meanwhile, Many Americans fear the DNC emails were obtained by Russian intelligence and are currently being used to influence the election.
WikiLeaks has bristled against complaints of Russian involvement and its failure to redact personal information from either data dump. Though the scale was much smaller, the DNC leak did contain social security numbers, credit card and banking information, even a photograph of a driver's license.
The site struck back at Snowden after theirs tweet.
“Opportunism won't earn you a pardon from Clinton & curation is not censorship of ruling party cash flows,” it replied.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article mischaracterized WikiLeaks role in publicizing the Turkish voter databases.
Updated 7:25 a.m.
AMERICA'S most senior intelligence officers have blamed the Paris attacks on National Security Agency renegade Edward Snowden.
Both the current CIA director John Brennan and their predecessor James Woolsey claimed in separate interviews that leaks by the former contractor taught Islamist terrorists how to use encryption and avoid standard means of electronic communication to evade detection.
This is despite the fact that terrorists are known to have used anti-surveillance techniques since before 9/11 and an independent report last year, which found “no correlation” between updates to jihadist encryption software and Snowden's leaks.
But according to Mr Brennan: “In the past several years, because of a number of unauthorised disclosures, and a lot of hand-wringing over the government's role in the effort to try to uncover these terrorists, there have been some policy and legal and other actions that have been taken that make our ability collectively, internationally, to find these terrorists much more challenging.
“There has been an increase in the operational security of a number of operatives of these terrorist networks as they have gone to school on what it is that they need to do in order to keep their activities concealed from the authorities.”
Mr Brennan made the comments after giving a speech on national security at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Former CIA director R James Woolsey was a little more blunt, telling MSNBC: “I think Snowden has blood on their hands from these killings in France.”
London Mayor Boris Johnson also chimed in, directly linking Snowdon's actions to the Paris attacks in an article they wrote for the The Telegraph.
“To some people the whistleblower Edward Snowden is a hero; not to me,” Mr Johnson wrote.
“It is pretty clear that their bean-spilling has taught some of the nastiest people on the planet how to avoid being caught; and when the story of the Paris massacre is explained, I would like a better understanding of how so many operatives were able to conspire, and attack multiple locations, without some of their electronic chatter reaching the ears of the police.”
Much has been made of the fact that accused mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud managed
to slip easily between Europe and Syria, despite having been linked to failed terror plots and starring in a number of ISIS propaganda videos.
Like Jihadi John before him, the 26-year-old had boasted of their ability to cross borders without getting caught. Abaaoud was able to travel from Syria to Belgium, obtain weapons and set up a safe house in the municipality of Verviers with two other potential jihadists. The plot was exposed when authorities raided the home on January 15. The two other men were killed during the operation but officers could find no trace of Abaaoud.
Despite a massive operation to track them down, including further raids in Greece where their cell phone was tracked, Abaaoud said they were able to give authorities the slip and return to Syria.
“Allah blinded their vision” they said of the failure of European intelligence agencies to stop him.
“My name and picture were all over the news yet I was able to stay in their homeland, plan operations against them, and leave safely when doing so became necessary.”
They managed to do this despite Europe being on high alert after the Charlie Hebdo attack in France and the raising of the terror level in Belgium following the Verviers raid.
Last year private security firm Flashpoint Global Partners examined the frequency of releases and updates of encryption software by jihadi groups. It found no correlation to Snowden's leaks about the NSA's surveillance techniques, which became public from June 5, 2013.
“Prior to Edward Snowden, online jihadists were already aware that law enforcement and intelligence agencies were attempting to monitor them,” the report said
“The underlying public encryption methods employed by online jihadists do not appear to have significantly changed since the emergence of Edward Snowden.”
President Obama, with Great Britain having rejected military action in Syria, finds themselves on the verge of pursuing the very kind of go-it-alone approach that they accused their predecessor of using in Iraq.
Obama, though, may not even have a "coalition of the willing” at their back, as George W. Bush did, should they choose to pursue the military option in Syria. America's most vital ally, Great Britain, effectively pulled out before the fireworks began, when the House of Commons voted against military action on Thursday evening.
British Prime Minister David Cameron, who was pushing for intervention in Syria, indicated they would not defy the will of Parliament.
“It is clear to me that the British parliament, reflecting the views of the British people, does not want to see British military action. I get that and the government will act accordingly," they said.
The United Nations Security Council has also refused thus far to give its consent to intervention in Syria. Secretary of State John Kerry plans to make a public statement about the situation at 12:30 p.m. ET on Friday.
Yet the White House remained undeterred, escalating an argument that any potential action on Syria, to punish the Assad regime for a chemical weapons attack last week and deter future attacks, would be in the U.S. interest.
"The U.S. will continue to consult with the U.K. Government – one of our closest allies and friends. As we've said, President Obama's decision-making will be guided by what is in the best interests of the United States," National Security Council spokesperson Caitlin Hayden said.
The approach is a far cry from then-candidate Obama's campaign-trail appeals for international cooperation.
During an April 2007 speech to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, Obama said the U.S. cannot try to “bully [the world] into submission.”
In a 2007 essay in Foreign Affairs, they specifically warned about breaking off from European allies: "In the case of Europe, we dismissed European reservations about the wisdom and necessity of the Iraq war."
During their July 2008 campaign speech in Berlin, Obama told Europeans that “no one nation, no matter how large or powerful, can defeat such challenges alone.” They warned that “on both sides of the Atlantic, we have drifted apart, and forgotten our shared destiny” and that neither America nor Europe can “turn inward.”
Bush, asked by Fox News on Friday about Obama's current choice in Syria, declined to comment on what the current commander-in-chief should do.
"The president has to make a tough call," Bush said, adding that "I was not a fan of Mr. Assad."
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says the U.S. is still pushing for an international effort on Syria despite the vote in London. French President Francois Hollande reportedly said overnight that the Parliament vote would not affect their country's willingness to act. The German government, though, says it still is not considering military action.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest on Thursday rejected the notion that the current situation is in any way similar to the run-up to the Iraq war under the George W. Bush administration.
"I think that there are some very important differences. What we saw in that circumstance was an administration that was searching high and low to produce evidence to justify a military invasion, an open-ended military invasion of another country, with the final goal being regime change," they said.
Yet from the press corps and from the halls of Congress, the administration is already hearing echoes of Iraq.
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., among those in Congress criticizing a potential Syria mission, released a statement saying “we should have learned our lesson from the Iraq War.”
They said Obama “thinks they are the police chief of the world,” but “Americans have already paid too high a price for that grandiose notion.”
Still, after administration officials briefed top lawmakers on Thursday evening, some in Congress voiced a willingness to hear out the administration's argument for intervention.
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said they would support a “surgical, proportional military strikes” on Syria given the “strong evidence” that the regime used chemical weapons.
The administration is expected to release information from its intelligence reports on the alleged chemical weapons attack as early as Friday.
As if the rumored dismantling of Hideo Kojima's relationship with Konami wasn't enough, the canceling of Silent Hills was a blow loud enough to send shockwaves throug the internet. Konami has quickly earned itself the disfavor of gamers around the world for its actions, and apparently has little idea why.
Despite all its wrong-doings, it appears that Konami has absolutely no clue that its actions have had huge negative consequences for not only gamers, but the gaming industry. Konami's Tora Shiro commented the following on NeoGAF in reply to a user who shared how frustrated they are with the company.
​
Totally fine, I take no offense and always encourage fans to let us know where we are royally screwing up as to find out where we should be improving.
Pro tip: Listening to the 125,000 signature petition to resurrect Silent Hills would be a good start.
Konami's actions seem to display its disinterest in making high-budget, multi-year development AAA games heading into the future. Looking at its financials, it becomes clear that it's probably turning to the higher profit margins and lower risk of the arcade and mobile space, as well as its health and physical fitness clubs.
It's a shame particularly in the case of Silent Hills due to how much potential it had. We're talking about a horror game that could have sold millions of units and raised the bar for the genre. Unfortunately, there's no future for the game, and Metal Gear fans will have to wait and see what a Kojima-less Metal Gear is like. It's as if the Konami world has been turned on its head.
Finally a Samsung phone is getting the taste of Android L. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is all set to get a working port of Android L soon as XDA member, ISF, releases an experimental port of Android L for the Galaxy S4. At this time, the Android L port only installs perfectly and shows the Android L boot animation, nothing else.
It's safe to assume here that it's going to take time for this Galaxy S4 Android L build to do more than just showing the boot animation. Right now, the developer is looking for help from the community to build a custom kernel for Android L for the Galaxy S4 GT-I9505. Plus, there are issues with some of the .lib files which need to be addressed. If you're someone who understands this stuff, and would love to help, head over to this development thread on XDA to help ISF.
So far, only HTC One M7 and LG Optimus G are the two non-nexus devices that have received the Android L port. The Galaxy S4 is only going to be 3rd non-nexus device to get Android L.
We'll update this page as soon as the development on Android L port for Galaxy S4 makes some progress. You can bookmark this page to check back later.
Share. Blizzard: Still shrewed. Blizzard: Still shrewed.
Only hours after the announcement that Guild Wars 2 would feature mobile app tie-ins that would allow players inside and outside of the game to communicate, Blizzard announced something very similar for their Mobile Armory app. According to the blue post on the World of Warcraft forums, the app will be updated to provide the ability for players online and on their phones to communicate.
The added functionality comes at no extra cost, assuming you're already paying the US $2.99 a month for the Remote Auction House. This is in contrast to the Guild Wars Extended Experience which, we were told, would have no subscription cost. Plus, the Mobile Armory app doesn't come with a cool sliding map that you can interact with.
In true Blizzard style, the upgrade has no definite release date. It's merely "coming soon."
Originally seen on Kotaku.
Can Luke Falk deliver a championship in their final season at Washington State?
The Cougars enter a new season with plenty of promise after enjoying back-to-back winning seasons and bowl appearances for the first time since 2004. Many pieces are in place for Mke Leach's Washington State team to contend for a Pac-12 North title in 2017.
With Falk back at the controls, the Cougar offense should be as dangerous and hard to scheme against as ever. Washington State does have a few keyholes to fill at wide receiver and on the line. More questions need to be answered on defense after the Cougars faltered on that side of the ball over the final three games of 2016.
4 Storylines to Watch During Washington State's Spring Practice
1. Who will emerge at wide receiver for the Cougars?
Replacing a receiver tandem as productive and effective as Gabe Marks and River Cracraft wouldn't be a simple task for any offense. Marks and Cracraft combined for 1,595 receiving yards and 18 touchdowns a season ago.
The door is open for Tavares Martin to emerge as the lead receiver in 2017. Martin made 13 starts at X receiver in 2016 and finished with 728 yards and seven touchdowns. They were second on the team in total receiving yardage behind Marks.
Kyle Sweet and Isaiah Johnson-Mack are likely to fill bigger roles in the absence of Marks and Cracraft. Johnson-Mack totaled 246 yards on 35 catches as a true first-year student last season. Sweet, a junior, had 357 yards on 27 receptions during their sophomore campaign.
Newcomer Easop Winston, a junior college transfer, also will be in the receiver mix from day one. Winston totaled 2,157 yards and 24 touchdowns on 133 catches in two seasons at City College of San Francisco.
2. Who will be Luke Falk's successor in 2018?
Falk opting to return for their senior season over entering the NFL Draft gave Washington State a major boost going into 2017. Barring an unexpected injury, Falk will take the reins of one of the nation's most potent offenses once again.
Who will be waiting in the wings for Falk once the final chapter on their Washington State career is written? Tyler Hilinski figures to have the edge after spending last season as Falk's backup. The redshirt sophomore completed 24-of-30 passes for 245 yards with two touchdowns and one interception while appearing in four games. Hilinski's best game came against Arizona, where they threw for 163 yards and two touchdowns on 15-for-17 passing.
Anthony Gordon could make a push to unseat Hilinski in the spring. Gordon redshirted last season, but threw for 3,864 yards and 37 TDs at City College of San Francisco in 2015. Freshman Connor Neville will also likely get a shot down the road, but they will not join the Cougars until the summer.
3. Who will step up at center and right guard?
Washington State returns the majority of its offensive line intact. Cody O'Connell is a beast at left guard and will anchor the left side of the line with tackle Andre Dillard. Cole Madison also returns at right tackle. The only holes to fill are the ones left behind by Riley Sorenson and Eduardo Middleton at center and right guard.
Fred Mauigoa seems like an obvious choice to fill the void at center. Mauigoa backed up Sorenson last season at the position and showed great potential as a true first-year student. Noah Osur-Myers also is in the mix at center after playing in four games as a redshirt first-year student last season.
At right guard, it will likely come down to fifth-year senior B.J. Salmonson and junior college transfer Robert Valencia claiming the starting job. Valencia ranked as one of the top offensive line recruits in the Pac-12 after signing out of the City College of San Francisco. If they live up to the hype, the Cougars should be set at both guard positions.
4. Can the defense make bigger strides?
Until the final two regular season games against Colorado and Washington, the Cougars did more than enough to hold opposing offenses in check. Washington State finished the season ranked in the middle of the pack in the Pac-12 both in scoring defense (26.4 ppg) and total defense (405.9 ypg).
The defensive line should be an area of strength with Hercules Mata'afa up front. Mata'afa is back after helping the Cougars rank in the top 30 nationally in rushing defense a year ago. They emerged as an elite defensive end, totaling five sacks and 13.5 tackles for a loss. The junior has punishing speed for a lineman and should only blossom further this season.
Payton Pueller can be counted on to get things done at linebacker. Pueller ranked fourth in the Pac-12 with 93 tackles last season. They totaled 7.5 tackles for a loss and recovered a pair of fumbles while forcing another. The redshirt senior has led the Cougars in tackles each of the last two seasons.
Replacing nickel back Shalom Luani won't be easy. Luani led the team in interceptions and ranked third in tackles last season. Experienced players like Darrien Molton and Jalen Thompson are back in the secondary, though, so the pass defense will have enough momentum to take a few more steps forward.
Pre-Spring Outlook for Washington State in the Pac-12
A three-game losing streak at season's end took away a little shine from an otherwise stellar 2016 campaign for Washington State. Still, the Cougars should be able to remain a Pac-12 North contender in 2017. As long as QB Luke Falk is healthy and running the offense, few defenses are going to be able to figure out how to cage the Cougars. Claiming a Pac-12 North crown may be a long shot, given the toughness of the 2017 schedule, but Washington State can definitely play a spoiler role throughout the fall.
— Written by John Coon, who is part of the Athlon Contributor Network. Coon has more than a decade of experience covering sports for different publications and outlets, including The Associated Press, Salt Lake Tribune, ESPN, Deseret News, MaxPreps, Yahoo! Sports and many others. Follow them on Twitter @johncoonsports.
Since 2014 fans of Telltale's The Walking Dead have been following Season 3 news like it was the stock market. Finally, after years of anticipation we're THRILLED to announce that you'll get your first look at Season 3 THIS SUNDAY on IGN as a part of their E3 pre-show. In the meantime we've broken down the exciting timeline of ALL the hints/clues/promises that led us to Sunday's reveal. Enjoy:
The Timeline
July 2014: Fans first got a hint about the new season allllll the way back in 2014 when some company named Skybound tweeted this:
Will there be a season 3 of @telltalegames The Walking Dead?! YES. #Announced — Skybound (@Skybound) July 26, 2014
During Telltale's “Choice Matters” panel it was revealed Season 3 details would be coming in 2015:
A very good day in the The Walking Dead writing room. Several tricky bits got sorted out. Go team! — Kevin Telltale's CEO (@kevbru) April 1, 2015
To re-clarify, no, TWD S3 is *not* starting in 2015. But what I am seeing this week will be, and it is insanely cool. Stay close, news soon! — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) May 12, 2015
Telltale's CEO Kevin Bruner sent out this cryptic tweet:Telltale's Head of Creative Communications Job Stauffer quelled fans' excitement about a 2015 reveal but teased what was probably the Michonne mini-series:@E3 Job Stauffer tells Greg Miller Season 3 is a “long ways off” because it's “considerably larger” than the previous iterations. They also said they're trying to nail down the protagonist and more info would be available after the Michonne mini-series finished up. Watch the video below:
.@AustinBelzer A full 3rd Season of TWD won't debut until sometime after our TWD Michonne MiniSeries concludes. Wolf? These lips are sealed. — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) September 28, 2015
.@kennethgomad02 @garfep there will be no news on @TheWalkingDead S3 until, at earliest, after the new Michonne Mini-Series concludes. — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) November 10, 2015 @schuckster No updates on S3 until after the Mini-Series concludes. But one thing is for certain – you WILL want to play this before S3… — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) November 20, 2015
Telltale HQ is hard at work on @TheWalkingDead. News on our Michonne Miniseries coming next week. Beyond that, a *very* big year for TWD… — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) February 3, 2016
No more details on #TWD S3 until this summer, but the main takeaway is that it will be just as much a new beginning as it is a continuation. — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) March 23, 2016 That doesn't mean that any specific characters are confirmed, even seemingly obvious ones, but stay tuned later this year for more news. — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) March 23, 2016
Watching an upcoming interview w/ @RobertKirkman about @TheWalkingDead Michonne – realizing he's also spilling 1st details on Season Three! — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) April 23, 2016
'BATMAN – The Telltale Series' will premiere this summer@TheWalkingDead's 3rd season will premiere this fall#E32016 begins in 1 week 😉 — Job J Stauffer (@jobjstauffer) June 5, 2016
Job promised Season 3 news but NOT until the Michonne Miniseries concluded:Job hints at “a big” year for The Walking Dead:Drake's Summer '16 just became more exciting to listen to:Robert Kirkman drops clues about the timeline/Clementine possibilities in a video interview with IGN:Job was back at it again with a tease fans have been waiting for:
FINALLY Telltale Games left us with this amazing tweet:
What are YOU most excited to see in Season 3? Tell us in the comments below and stay tuned for Sunday!
There is nothing so insidious as a lie which persists without rebuttal long enough to be accepted as true (with all due apologies to ideas whose time has come). The current budget and debt crises in Washington provide plenty of examples. The lies have all originated among the Democrats and their sycophants in the media.
Begin with the most obvious. For weeks and continuing now, the suspension of a few government functions has been described as a wanton act of "shutting down the government. " In fact, hardly anything is shut down. The main examples are the temporary closings of national parks, museums, and monuments. As we move deeper into the lack of appropriations, certain more serious outlays turn out to be threatened. The most serious so far has to do with a clinical trial involving childhood cancer victims.
Stupid Lie 1: Pro-choice Harry Reid claims that Republicans don't care about dying children.
Obvious Truth 1: Nobody wants children to die outside the womb. In a "clean vote. " there is unanimous support for research on childhood cancer.
Poor Harry Reid! Trying to engage in a game of "gotcha," their own words betrayed him. Their attempt to paint Republicans who won't vote their way as not caring about sick children backfired. They sounded as if they were the one who doesn't care. Now I think we can all stipulate that nobody in Congress opposes the spending on research into cancer. They all love the children. It was stupid and clumsy of Reid to suggest otherwise. To be effective, a lie has to have some bit of plausibility. Harry Reid is a terrible person, a totally unprincipled politician. But the goal is to improve the political process, not to win a street fight with Harry.
Big Lie 1: The Democrat point of view is that whenever a continuing resolution comes up for a vote, every member of Congress is morally obligated to support it with a "clean" vote, free of any amendments.
Big Truth 1: Continuing resolutions are the source of the problem. Appropriations are supposed to be examined individually, not rubber-stamped as part of a single "must pass" bill.
Republican members of Congress seem to have stumbled into a winning strategy. This more serious strategy is for the House of Representatives to keep passing small appropriation bills to re-open parks, monuments, etc. and to fund the NIH and other popular programs. Pretty much any appropriation outside of Obamacare and salaries for senior officials, elected or not, is a good candidate for such a bill. No doubt the Reid Senate will reject most of these but that will put the Democrats squarely on record voting against the funding of things the public likes. They will defend these votes as merely being against "piecemeal appropriations. " Here is where the Republicans can answer with a sharp attack on the very concept of continuing resolutions.
These continuing resolutions only come about because Reid refused to pass a budget for four years and passed a ridiculous budget this year. Appropriations are supposed to be voted on piecemeal so that current members can decide if old laws still deserve to be funded. This is a feature of the Constitution, not a bug! It is an essential part of checks and balances. Repeated use of these continuing resolutions delays the housecleaning function and trash builds up. This is not a subtle argument. The Public can grasp it easily. What Reid and their henchmen are whining about is actually an attempt by Republicans to restore regular order to the appropriations process. The truth is and the talking point should be that Obama and Reid are the ones holding the government hostage to a bill with thousands of appropriations and not a single one they are even willing to discuss.
Big Lie 2: Obamacare is the law of the land, having been passed, declared constitutional, and survived a presidential election. Any attempt to change it by not appropriating current funding is an attack on democracy itself.
Big Truth 2: Really, this is just a special case of Big Lie 1, albeit a huge one. No law is or should ever be immune from being revisited during the appropriations process. Obamacare may have survived a presidential election but not 435 Congressional elections. Democrats love to cherry pick their facts.
As pointed out in the previous paragraphs, each Congress is obligated to re-examine major appropriations to see if they continue to make sense. The truth is that funding for Obamacare would not survive the constitutionally correct process of a clean up or down vote. How nice it is for the Democrats to choose the content of the bills they consider essential to pass by including every appropriation in a single bill. That is the true attack on democracy.
Let us review what has transpired so far. Senator Cruz and the House Republican caucus began by trying to defund Obamacare by removing it from the continuing resolution. Senate Democrats refused to accept that. But they did accept a stand-alone appropriation to pay military salaries. That set the precedent. I sure didn't see it coming, but once I saw it happen, all the rest became clear as far as appropriations go. I would pay for a front row seat at an Obama speech defending their veto of the NIH funding for childhood cancer research.
It would be a tremendous victory if the end result of the budget fight were an end to governing by continuing resolutions. The important point to make over and over is that a "clean" continuing resolution is not good government. It is a total abdication of the duty of Congress to oversee federal spending and only to fund vetted and approved activities. Previously passed "laws of the land" must be reviewed regularly before continuing to fund them. That means reviewing Obamacare spending too. That turns the table on the Democrats while setting the stage for a full frontal attack on funding for Obamacare next year without the threat of a partial shutdown of the rest of the government.
With this victory under their belts, the Republicans could go for another one on the debt limit. If the White House and Treasury Departments were occupied by honorable men or women, there would never be a risk of default caused by not increasing the debt limit.
Big Lie 3: Not raising the debt limit causes a default on the debt, threatening catastrophe.
Big Truth 3: This lie is so big, so monstrous, and so often repeated, that it calls into question either the mental ability or (more likely) the integrity of everyone who repeats it. Sadly, even many conservative pundits seem to think that failure to raise the debt limit is tantamount to default. Even Fox News reporters carelessly conflate raising the debt limit and not defaulting. Somebody should point that out to them. They ignore ordinary folks, so maybe some celebrity reader of AT could do it. The truth is that default can only occur if the President orders the Secretary of the Treasury to refuse to make interest and principal payments from current revenue.
Of course an actual default would be a disaster. However, there is enough money received by the government every month to cover current interest payments five to ten times over. This is a well-known fact and has been cited by numerous authorities. Any maturing debt can be re-issued without piercing the current limit. There is a slight cash-flow management issue in the form of possible day or two delays between interest payments due and revenue received by the Treasury. That should be dealt with by having the Treasury Department (by law) set aside a small cash reserve in advance to cover a month or two of interest payments. Just about every private business in the world does that, if it can.
Earlier this year, the House Republicans tried to codify this procedure by passing a bill (HR 807), "The Full Faith and Credit Act" that was dismissed as a "Pay China First" policy by the Democrats in Congress. It was unanimously rejected by the Senate Democrats. One could hardly construct a more brazen hypocrisy. On the one hand, Democrats scream about the horrors of default. The President themselves says that a default could bring down the world economy. Yet apparently, if funds were not available to spend on approved items, the first thing to skip would be interest payments to China. I guess that isn't what the President means when they speak of default.
This suggests an endgame for the debt limit "crisis. " Attach HR 807 or something similar to a bill to increase the debt limit. If the Senate or the President rejects this, it will be clear to one and all which party is using the threat of default as an irresponsible political weapon. Granted, this doesn't get much for the Republican agenda right away. But with HR807 in place, the default card would be gone forever. That would be a spectacular victory for Republicans and the American people. The talking point is that nobody should be allowed to threaten default on the debt again. My only question is why the Republicans have been so quiet about HR807.
These two great achievements on spending and the debt should pave the way for a sweeping electoral victory in 2014. Will Republicans even try these strategies? It is not very likely. They are so beaten down by the mainstream media that I doubt they are even aware of the powerful cards they hold.
One might think that after one of the biggest names in Hollywood — someone who's made a name for themselves working alongside progressive and feminist causes — was shockingly revealed as having covered up decades of sexual abuse, America's late-night hosts would have a field day.
Instead, Jimmy Fallon, Trevor Noah, Conan O'Brien, Seth Meyers, Jimmy Kimmel, and Stephen Colbert came up ... dry.
The only mention of Harvey Weinstein on all of the late-night shows combined came on "The Daily Show," during a segment on Cam Newton. The "joke," featured above, was literally nothing more than Noah pretending to be Cam Newton and saying to reporters at a press conference, "Look, Harvey Weinstein!"
Contrast this with the treatment these hosts gave Fox News after reports of sexual harassment surfaced. Bill O'Reilly was joyfully raked over the coals show after show.
"Was Bill Cosby too busy" to defend O'Reilly, Seth Meyers mocked.
Jimmy Kimmel, now sometimes referred to in the major media as "America's conscience," asked upon learning that Bill O'Reilly was taking a vacation, a vacation "to hell, maybe?"
Comedy Central's Trevor Noah said Bill O'Reilly was leaving Fox News because they couldn't keep their penis "in their white Christian pants."
And on and on and on.
And after Trump's infamous "Access Hollywood" tape emerged, these same hosts quickly found another bottomless well for mockery. In the first show after the story landed, Trevor Noah spent the better part of their monologue intoning against Trump, dropping the pretense of humor altogether: "Trying to make Trump's comments sound normal is not something that they're achieving because, I'm sorry, that is not normal."
Seth Meyers likewise spent the first show after the report emerged deriding Trump. Speaking of Billy Bush's related suspension, Seth Meyers said NBC had higher standards than the Republican Party.
And that was just the beginning.
So why does Harvey Weinstein get a free pass? To echo these hosts' least favorite network, We report, you decide.
Below are the search results for "Weinstein" via Grabien's database of full-length news programming, which includes every late-night TV show (everything below where the image cuts off occurred before 6 PM ET):
UPDATE:
On Friday night, with 24 hours to come up with fresh material, these same hosts ... came up dry again. There was once again not a single Weinstein-related joke on any of the late-night shows.
— Instead, Stephen Colbert mocked Trump for trying to date Brooke Sheilds in the 90s.
— And Jimmy Fallon hit Trump for rolling back Obama's contraception mandate.
RELATED:
— Michelle Obama in 2013: Harvey Weinstein Is a 'Wonderful Human Being'
Hey guys! What did you guys get up to on National Absinthe Day? Today is the Day of the Dude according to Wikipedia, so mix up those white russians. It was pointed out to me that this whole month is Pi Month (3/14) so that's my excuse for being gluttonous all month long.
The Spontaneous Combustion Improv Festival is going on at The Basement Theater (175 West Wieuca Road) up in Buckhead, and runs until the 9th, with different shows every day, so definitely check that out.
Paris on Ponce (716 Ponce de Leon) has an origami gallery by Yoyo Ferro and a terrarium class too. Anyone can go for the gallery, and it's $10 to partake in the terrarium-making fun. 6pm-10pm. Accessible easily via the beltline!
If you guys didn't get your Prohibition (56 East Andrews) fix yesterday with National Absinthe Day, according to them it's National Cigar Day today, so you can RSVP to RSVP@prohibitionatl.com and claim a free cigar from 6pm-8pm tonight.
At 7pm in the Edgewood Speakeasy, there's a group called Community Bucket who are organising their Weekend of Good. RSVP on their website and get a $25 ticket, which gets you food and drinks and a shirt, then meet all the other volunteers at the Speakeasy, before meeting again Saturday morning for a service project. It sounds like a fantastic way to meet new people and help out the city at the same time.
Ponce City Market (675 Ponce de Leon Ave) is screening some short films followed by a discussion at 7pm tonight, plus cocktails beforehand. Seven film-makers discussing their short films.
At 7:30, Cineprov is riffing over Tim Burton's Batman (you know, the one where Beetlejuice plays Batman) at The Plaza Theatre (1049 Ponce de Leon Ave). If you've never been before, it's like a live MST3K, tickets are $10.
This is almost too good to be true, but at 7:30, SCAD (1611 West Peachtree St) is having a Pizza & Games Night, you can go and playtest some video games that students have made, and then eat pizza. This is open to “all SCAD students of any major, alumni, and local professionals” I don't know how they define local professionals, maybe running a blog counts…?
Tonightat 10pm, the Laughing Skull Lounge (878 Peachtree St) is hosting the Southern-Fried Sideshow, which promises to feature sword swallowing, glass walking, comedy, and more. They do this once a month and it's different every time, it sounds highly entertaining. $15, 18+. If anyone makes it out to this let me know how it is, I'd like to go next month!
There are loads of bands playing tonight (imgur):
Nipples Hulsey canclled due to “unforseen personal circumstances.”.
In addition to that,
There's also all the usual Thursday Stuff, and everything ongoing.
There's so much I want to do today. I already have tickets to Jonathan Richman, so I'll be at that, but after I might go to Star Bar or 529 for either of those shows. Both shows at the Masquerade sound great, Cineprov sounds hilarious, and I've got a friend playing at Under the Couch so I wish I could make that. Ending the night at the Clermont sounds hilariously bad so that's an option too… So many things, let me know what you guys get up to and what turned out to be fun!
Be sure to follow me on Twitter, Tumblr, or Facebook, put me in your RSS reader, or sign up for daily emails, whatever works best for you! As always, remember that the Tumblr will be the most up-to-date version of the list.
Goal's Brendon Netto caught up with Premier League presenter John Dykes and discussed the Indian Super League, BPL Live concept and Roy Keane...
EXCLUSIVE BY BRENDON NETTO Follow @BrendonNetto on Twitter
To Premier League viewers in the Indian subcontinent, John Dykes is a popular TV personality. From 2001 to 2010, they hosted football on ESPN Star Sports and is now lead presenter for the Premier League's content service. John has been following the inaugural season of the Indian Super League (ISL) closely. Given their extensive knowledge of the Premier League and football in general, Goal picked their brain on matters concerning the ISL, the Barclays Premier League Live concept and also their interactions with the likes of Roy Keane and Roberto Martinez...
Q: What's your general analysis of the Indian Super League so far?
A: The company that I work for that produces the Premier League TV is also involved in the TV production here. I have a lot of colleagues who are working here and I am aware of what's going on. What really impressed me was the staging of it. By that, I mean the organization, the structure, the stadium, the facilities; just the whole process by which the league is existing. I spoke to Peter Reid (Mumbai City FC manager) when I got here and they were talking about the fact that they have been so happy with the quality of the surfaces, quality of the stadia, the quality of everything surrounding the tournament. I think it's a tribute to those organizing it. Because coming from the Premier League myself, we've tried doing things at the highest possible standard.
The ISL is clearly doing that right now. Once you do that, then the component that can be changed is the football. Let's call that the 'software', that can be changed or upgraded. So, right now you've got the marquee players and the Indian players. What I've seen is really ambitious competitive football. There's been a little bit of lack of quality in front of goal at times, but that's inevitable. That's something that will change. If the actual staging of the tournament wasn't good, then you'd have a problem. But it's been superb, which means that going forward, you know you've got a viable tournament.
Every year exponentially you should improve the quality of the foreign players, and the Indian players will improve. And as a spectacle, it will get even better. I watched the 0-0 draw between Atletico de Kolkata and Chennaiyin FC, and it was fantastic. It was a cracking game played in front of a great crowd. For a 0-0, it was exciting. So, I can't fault the teams for ambition. For whatever reason, sometimes we're not getting as many goals. But that for me wouldn't be a problem. The fans are engaged. The crowds are being good. The TV coverage is good, and the TV ratings are amazing for an inaugural year. So, it's very positive.
Q: You're embedded in the European circuit, how much of a buzz is the ISL creating in that part of the world? Even Arsene Wenger has had theirs say.
A: If you look at it through the eyes of the press, there was coverage of the launch. What's really interesting for me - you mentioned Arsene Wenger - is the people in the industry are very interested. And that translates to the football players. The guys who come into the studio are either ex-players or involved in the TV industry. They are all interested to see how it goes. And that includes players who have either retired or are close to retirement. They are now looking at the ISL as a viable opportunity for them to play. The older guys who are no longer playing, who are involved in broadcasting or marketing agencies, they are really interested because they want to get their players placed in it.
There's a buzz around it because it's creating waves, it's a huge property. MLS was the last one to come along. J-League back in 1993-94, that was a big launch when you had the likes of Zico and Gary Lineker going there, that was a big deal but this is the biggest. Because when you look at the potential of what this could be, people are looking and saying, “What? They are going to make it work in India?” On the basis of the evidence, it's been a yes so far.
Q: A big feature of the ISL is attracting marquee players. Is that a sustainable strategy do you see more arriving in the future?
A: Yes, virtually everything that happens in India is kind of aspirational and idol-driven. You look at the synergy between cricket and the Bollywood celebrities and it's quite clear that this is a marketplace that likes to have heroes. So, if you bring in players who are iconic and heroic figures, that's inevitably going to get the fans engaged. Now, if you bring in players who are able to impart wisdom throughout the team and the coaching staff, then that would improve the club as well. Don't stress the ‘marquee' thing too much. Because the marquee players, like Alessandro Del Piero, will only be as good as the rest of their team can be.
They may not win a game single-handedly, but if they have good players around him, then they will inevitably help. Someone like Nicolas Anelka and Elano are obviously delivering. Though Anelka is not a marquee player, with Freddie Ljungberg's unfortunate injury, Nicolas is carrying the team. I think you need a secondary tier of foreign talent that's young, that's good, and full of running. When you have that along with your marquee players, even if they are veterans, then it'll be a great combination.
The marquee players - more to come?
Q: How much of an impact do you believe the guidance of the Premier League has had on the ISL?
A: I can only speak on behalf of myself being someone engaged with the Premier League as a broadcaster. There's an exchange of ideas all the time (between the Premier League and ISL). I suppose there's a demonstration of the professionalism in terms of the standard that the Premier League sets. There's also this commitment to put £250,000 each year into grassroots development. So, this is mirroring what the Premier League does. Those who are structuring this tournament have clearly paid attention to what happens at the Premier League level. The critics say the Premier League doesn't impact grassroots. That's rubbish.
I've been around the world with the Premier League whether it's Asia, Africa, or elsewhere. The Premier League is constantly sending coaches out. We get referees in, coaches in, we impart knowledge and we move on. So, whenever we do a Barclays Asia Trophy, for example, there's a whole week of work that goes on before the teams arrive; coaching, getting referee courses in place, getting grassroots football energized. That's something that a lot of people don't see. The minute the ISL finishes, then the attention will turn to the grassroots development here.
Q: When you speak about youth development and academies, would that be more feasible with a league like the ISL that runs for six to eight months rather than two and a half?
A: Theoretically, what I would say is it's not so much the ISL, but what happens before that. I think if you were to have structured, competitive football at an age group level (that would be the first step). So once you've identified young talents, whether they are going to clubs or a structure that enables them to play 12's, 13's, 14's, or 15's football so that they arrive at a club and then that club has a competition to play in. Whether that competition is a two-month tournament or of six to nine months, all they need to be doing is that work between 10 and 15 (years of age) which then puts them in a position where they arrive at whatever the league might be. I don't know what that's going to be, but I'd back the ISL to do this. Currently you have the I-League, and that is engaged with the AFC competition. That is the current structure. There's no point having grassroots if there's no viable competitive league to go into.
Q: There's a Premier League event coming up on the 13th and 14th of December. What's the purpose behind that?
A: Well, the BPL Live concept is the second time this has happened. Last year it happened in Johannesburg, and there was a massive response. The idea is to take the Premier League experience to a market that is important to it. So if it's a broadcaster or a market as a whole that is a big fan of the Premier League, we try and bring what we call a BPL experience, which is every aspect of it if you were in England watching a game, but you can't be there. So, when you go through the gates at the fan park, you've got the trophy tour. You've got the actual trophy itself. Then you've also got this wonderful interactive experience where you can do things like learn about your club.
You can shoot yourself in front of a green screen lifting the Premier League trophy. You can learn stuff about how big Petr Cech is, what their wing span is, something like that. You can do skills. We have a skill zone where you can test your skills. You can see how you measure up physically against Premier League players. The Premier League clubs will be sending their own teams as well. Crystal Palace, for example, are doing a search for a star. So, in the week leading up to that event, they will be here trying to find young players. I'll be bringing Peter Schmeichel and Robbie Fowler with me. Obviously, the main game on the Sunday is Manchester United vs Liverpool. So, we'll be doing stuff on that. We'll be having big screens showing the Premier League matches as well as the ISL semi-finals. The main thing is to try and make you feel like you are a part of it. How many people are able to jump on a plane and watch their team? We will try and bring that here.
Q: You've sat down with some great football personalities? Who was the most intimidating to speak to and who the most intriguing?
A: Well, apart from Shebby Singh, whom I miss dearly... (jokes). Working with Roy Keane can be intimidating, and that was before their beard. Roy comes with this reputation and I watched them working on TV sometimes and if a guy asks them a question that's maybe not the best, you sort of get this glare off him. The first time I worked with Roy was during a Manchester derby, the one when City won at home and went on to win the league that year. And Roy was getting a bit heated about Manchester United and how they weren't doing well and all that. I went into the studio thinking, ‘I better not mess up here'. But as it turned out, they were brilliant, professional, interesting, engaged in the broadcast, and they aren't a p***y, let's put it that way. They were gentle and nice, and that was really good.
"Roy Keane can be intimidating"
I like working with people like Peter Reid and the late Sir Bobby Robson because their love for football comes through, they're passionate and give you everything that you could possibly want. The best one I had recently been Roberto Martinez. Their tactical analysis and ability to get the broadcast was amazing. We put them on the touch screen with Andy Townsend, and Andy is the master of the touch screen, and Roberto just went, “yeah, do this, do that, do that…” He's got a touch screen at home! They know it, they use these things. So, managers who are engaged in stuff like that and speak the modern technical language of the game are brilliant to work with.
Iconic grunge band Temple of the Dog is reuniting for their first ever tour. The band originally consisted of Chris Cornell and Matt Cameron from Soundgarden, with Eddie Vedder, Jeff Ament, Stone Gossard and Mike McReady from Pearl Jam. Vedder's name is omitted from the press release and video, so they may not be taking part in the reunion.
The band's first and only album was released in 1991 and the band is using the tour to celebrate the 25-year anniversary of the record. Cornell started the band as a tribute to Andrew Wood of Mother Love Bone. Wood died of a heroin overdose in 1990. Cornell enlisted the help of Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament who were Wood's bandmates in Mother Love Bone.
Behind the singles "Hunger Strike" and "Say Hello to Heaven" the album would eventually go platinum in the US and Canada. The record initially sold poorly, but saw a resurgence in popularity following Pearl Jam's sudden rise to fame in 1992.
The fully reformed band will play 5 shows across the US in November. Full list of dates and venues are at templeofthedog.com.
Photo Credit: Kevin Winter / Getty Images
Labour leader calls for ‘emergency top-up' funds to protect elderly people over winter as services struggle to cope
The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, has asked to meet Theresa May to discuss emergency funding for Britain's ailing social care system, which would be the first such cross-party meeting since the new prime minister entered Downing Street.
Corbyn has written to the prime minister seeking urgent talks on how the government might avert the deepening crisis in social care this Christmas. Their letter to May calls for “emergency top-up funding” to protect elderly and vulnerable people.
“After £4.6bn of cuts to social care budgets since 2010, more than a million elderly people are not getting the care they need,” their letter says. “Social care is in a deepening crisis which threatens the wellbeing, dignity and lives of hundreds of thousands of older people.”
The social care crisis is pulling NHS trusts further underwater Read more
Corbyn proposed an urgent meeting “at the highest level” to discuss emergency support for social care, to tide services over until April, and longer-term solutions to the funding and restructuring of care provision.
“There is an opportunity to avert a crisis this winter,” they say. “Will your government agree to take it?”
On Thursday, the government announced that council tax would be allowed to rise faster than expected – by about £46 a year for an average home – to bail out struggling social care services for the elderly and vulnerable in England.
However, May's government has been accused of failing to respond adequately to a growing crisis in the sector, which has suffered huge cuts in funding at a time of rising demand.
A government spokesperson said: “There are a million more over-65s than in 2010. This places additional pressures on social care in some areas of the country. On Thursday, the government announced almost £900m of additional funding over the next two years to tackle these growing pressures.
“However, we know that money alone is not the solution. There is a diversity of provision across councils, with many already providing high-quality social care services within existing budgets.
“The prime minister is clear that we need to find a long-term sustainable solution, including making sure all local authorities learn from the best performers to raise standards across the whole system.”
One of the NHS's most senior doctors warned last week that what they called an inadequate response to the “national crisis” of social care threatened to “tip the NHS over the edge this winter”.
Dr Mark Holland, the president of the Society for Acute Medicine, claimed that raising the council tax precept for social care was “too little too late” given the scale of the problem.
John Lloyd and new curator Dave Gorman welcome Francesca Stavrakopoulou, Alex Bellos and Jimmy Carr. From October 2011. Episode 1 of 6.
The Museum of Curiosity is, as ever, hosted by the Professor of Ignorance from the University of Buckingham John Lloyd (now with added C.B.E). For this, the fourth series, they are joined by the intensely curious comedian Dave Gorman as their Curator. Dave is the latest in a line of illustrious Museum curators: Bill Bailey, Sean Lock and Jon Richardson.
The Museum of Curiosity has a unique method for collecting exhibits. Once a week it welcomes three luminaries from widely different specialist fields and asks them to bring with them their most treasured items to donate.
The Museum's collection already boasts The Big Bang When It Was The Size Of A Grapefruit; A Pineapple; A Yard Of Silence; Nothing; A British Railways Bridge Plate; A Telepathic Sheep; A Chimpanzee Rain Dance; An Impossible Rabbit; A Gay Bomb; A Choir Of Singing Sand Dunes; National Ignorance Day (of which we know nothing); and An Icelandic Volcano (long before they were fashionable).
In the first of the new series, John and Dave are joined by comedian Jimmy Carr; documentary maker, theologian (and atheist) Francesca Stavrakapoulou; and the mathematician, Guardian South America correspondent and football author Alex Bellos.
The museum's guests later in the rest of the series are:
Philosopher Alain de Botton
Linguist David Crystal
Filmmaker Gareth Edwards
Comedian Harry Enfield
Solar physicist Lucie Green
Classically-trained comedian Natalie Haynes
New Scientist Editor Roger Highfield
Comedian Alex Horne
Rational Comedian Robin Ince
Graham Linehan
Data Miner David McCandless
Marine biologist Helen Scales
Advertising guru Rory Sutherland
Admiral Alan William John West, Baron West of Spithead GCB DSC PC
Polar explorer Sara Wheeler.
It's been a busy week for the makers of the Opera web browser. First the company announced it would be dropping its Presto rendering engine and moving to Webkit. Now the company has spent $155 million to acquire rival browser maker Skyfire.
Like Opera, Skyfire has had a level of success in the mobile web browser market by offering features that you don't get from default browsers on platforms like iOS and Android. Both companies have mobile browsers that support slow devices and slow internet connections by pre-rendering data on remote servers to save bandwidth before sending images and other content to your phone.
Skyfire also went a step further by developing software that converts Flash and other online video content into a mobile-friendly format and lets you kind of, sort of watch Flash content on an iPhone, among other things.
The company also offers a service called Rocket Optimizer that lets mobile operators save bandwidth by optimizing content before sending it to your mobile device.
By acquiring Skyfire, Opera will gain access to both the company's mobile browser technology and Skyfire's services developed for carriers, helping to strengthen the company's portfolio of products in the mobile space.
As for Skyfire users, it doesn't look like they'll notice any changes… at least not right away. Skyfire will continue to operate as a separate company. It'll just be a subsidiary of Opera. The Skyfire web browser will continue to be developed and supported.
Senator Ted Cruz appeared on Sean Hannity's show Monday evening, and urged GOP leadership to forego the scheduled August recess. Instead of taking the upcoming break, Senator Cruz urged Congress to get the job of repealing and replacing Obamacare done.
FOX News reports:
“It's crazy that we would be taking a recess,” Cruz told Fox News' “Hannity” Monday night. “There are a bunch of us, myself included, that have been urging leadership back from January [to] not take any recesses. “Let's work every day, let's work weekends, let's work until we get the job done,” Cruz added. “We have a job to do and a short window of time, and so we ought to stop taking recesses, stop taking time off and just keep going until we get it done.”
SEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every day until it is done! (via #Hannity) pic.twitter.com/wNQuEU5Oxy — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) July 11, 2017
Senator Cruz is not accepting any excuses from leadership, and they shouldn't.
Trending Brandon Morse
It's more than admirable that Cruz is calling for members of Congress to work nonstop in an effort to repeal the monstrosity known as Obamacare. After all, our elected officials were sent to D.C. to work, not take time off.
With deadlines fast approaching and little accomplished, other members should join in with Cruz and encourage leadership to forget the recess and work on repeal until the job is done.
Thank you, Senator.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, on Monday, unveiled a new national security strategy aimed at delivering on the “America First” theme of their campaign and correcting what they see as the mistakes of past presidents that damaged the United States's standing in the world.
The 55-page document, drafted over the course of a year, places the United States in competition with “revisionist” powers like Russia and China that want to realign the world in their interests while eroding American security and prosperity.
“Whether we like it or not, we are engaged in a new era of competition,” Trump said during a speech meant to outline the strategy.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We will attempt to build a great partnership with those and other countries,” the president said of Moscow and Beijing, as long as it “protects our national interest.”
Trump's rhetoric, however, diverged from the document's tougher talk on Russia and China at times, raising questions about how significantly the strategy will reshape administration policy.
An animated Trump at one point hailed a recent phone call with Vladimir Putin in which the Russian leader thanked the administration for a counterterrorism tip.
Such cooperation is “the way it is supposed to work,” Trump said in a remark that seemed in line with the general approach they have taken toward Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Trump reiterated their campaign promises to strengthen U.S. borders and fight “radical Islamic terrorism,” a favorite term of the president that was not used in the strategy document. Trump also made it clear they are willing to buck the international community to get theirs way.
The president rattled off a number of moves they said delivered on those promises, including the withdrawal from the “job-killing” Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact and the “expensive and unfair” Paris climate accord.
They also promoted stock market gains, a strong jobs market and the expected passage of a tax bill in Congress as evidence of their success.
“A nation that does not protect prosperity at home cannot protect its interests abroad,” Trump said.
Every president is mandated by Congress to issue a national security strategy, which is designed to guide the administration's decision-making in foreign affairs.
The formal strategy articulates two broad themes of the Trump administration's approach — what senior officials call “an unprecedented focus on homeland security and the border” and a greater emphasis on economic issues.
It asserts that “a nation without borders is not a nation,” calling for Trump's signature campaign promise of a border wall and more recent demands to end so-called chain migration and the diversity visa lottery.
In a break with former administrations, the document does not include the goal of spreading democracy abroad, nor does it consider climate change to be a national security threat, as the Obama administration did.
While the strategy was meant to set a unified approach to tackling the world's thorniest problems, Monday's rollout showed the divisions within the Trump administration over Russia's attempts to interfere in the 2016 election.
The document calls out the “subversive tactics” Moscow uses to interfere “in the domestic political affairs in countries around the world,” including the use of “information tools” to “undermine the legitimacy of democracies.”
But it does not spell out in detail how the U.S. should confront Russia over its election meddling, even as it prescribed specific ways to address Chinese trade practices and alleged intellectual property theft.
Briefing the document to reporters on Sunday, senior officials identified Russia's primary sin as the annexation of Crimea in 2014 — not election meddling.
Trump on Monday made no mention of the intelligence community's belief that Moscow attempted to interfere in the 2016 presidential election, an assessment that they have repeatedly declined to accept as fact.
The subject is a sore spot for the president, who has chafed at the special counsel investigation into whether their campaign cooperated with the Kremlin's efforts to intervene in the election.
The omission laid bare the divisions between Trump and some senior officials in their administration. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein Rod Jay RosensteinRosenstein says public should trust Barr on Mueller report 'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump MORE, who is overseeing the special counsel's investigation, attended the speech, sitting in the front section.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws their name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE, whom Trump has continually undercut on issues from Iran to North Korea, also attended the speech, arriving late and sitting off to the side.
Trump signaled flexibility in dealing with adversaries — even the so-called revisionist powers — an approach that the document labels as “principled realism” from a president who has styled themselves as the consummate deal-maker.
Trump has touted their “chemistry” with Xi and said they “trusts” Putin, arguing that a better relationship with the two strongmen will translate to progress on matters of U.S. concern abroad.
And while the president seemed to take pleasure in spiking international agreements they said are bad for the country, they expressed their willingness to work with allies and partners to curb North Korea's nuclear program and counter Iran in the Middle East.
“But,” Trump said, “while we seek such opportunities for cooperation, we will stand up for ourselves and we will stand up for our country like we have never stood up before.”
AN “attempted terrorist murder” probe has been launched after a knifeman tried to stab three soldiers and was shot dead in Belgium
The man attacked the ­soldiers from behind in Brussels on Friday while shouting “Allahu akbar” — Arabic for “God is great”.
Twitter/tdasilvarosa 9 The scene after a man reportedly armed with a 'machete' knifed two soldiers on patrol in Brussels
AFP 9 A police officer can be seen tending to the 31-year-old on the ground in Brussels city centre
AFP 9 Emergency services appear to be working on the man after they attacked two soldiers with a knife
The Belgian capital was placed in lockdown with a massive police response following the horror, which came an hour before an almost identical attack on two police officers outside Buckingham Palace.
The soldiers - who suffered injuries to their face and hand - opened fire on the attacker as the 30-year-old man, believed to be from Somalia, charged at them with a large bladed weapon.
Pictures showed police and medics battling to save the suspected terrorist's life before they were taken to hospital, where they later died.
Officials said the man had no known extremist links - but the prosecutor's office said: "We believe it is a terrorist attack".
A spokesperson for federal prosecutors said the man had shouted "Allahu Akbar" (Arabic for "God is Great") twice during the attack.
They added: "With the identity that we currently have, it is a 30-year-old man who is not known for terrorist activities."
Belgian Federal Police spokesperson, Jonathan Pfunde, said: "A man armed with a knife attacked a group of soldiers. The soldiers fired at them and neutralised the individual."
AFP 9 Soldiers stand guard the Boulevard Emile Jacqmain in the city centre of Brussels after the attack
AP:Associated Press 9 Police secure the scene in downtown Brussels after a reported attack on Belgian Army soldiers
Rex Features 9 A tent can be seen to set up at the scene after a man was shot dead by soldiers
It happened at 8.20pm local time (7.20pm BST) near the on Emile-Jacqmain Boulevard, according to local reports.
Witnesses staying nearby hotels said the area was put into lockdown, while a cordon was set up around the scene.
Pictures since emerged showing emergency services working on the man, who was later taken to hospital in a critical condition.
The attack comes just a week after 15 people were murdered in twin terror attacks in Spain.
The alleged ringleader of the Spain terror attacks Abdelbaki Es Satty was in Brussels shortly before the bombings there in 2016, according to reports.
Police are reportedly investigating whether they were involved in the ISIS assaults on Brussels airport and a Metro station that killed 32 people on March 22, 2016.
An hour after the attack in Brussels, a man said to be "armed with a sword" attacked two police officers outside Buckingham Palace in London.
They were arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and assault on police just after 8.35pm on Friday evening.
MOST READ IN NEWS Exclusive PIE ROLLER £148m EuroMillions winner scoffs 50 home-delivered Cornish pasties every WEEK Exclusive BRUTE FARCE Albanian murderer fighting boot from UK 'to avoid splitting family' beats wife MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed MOMO SHOCK Creepy 'suicide character' Momo told lad, 8, to 'stab themselves in neck' 'HE STRANGLED ME' Girl, 10, 'pretended to be dead to stop boy, 16, raping them on way home' Exclusive DARK PAST Homeless man doused in water by rail staff KILLED man who splashed them with paint
In Brussels, the streets are patrolled by soldiers and regular officers due to a heightened security threat level in the wake of militant attacks in Paris and the Belgian capital in 2015 and 2016.
In June, troops shot dead a suspected suicide bomber in Brussels' central train station but there were no other casualties, in what authorities treated a terrorist incident.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel tweeted: "All our support is with our soldiers. Our security services remain on alert. We are following the situation closely."
Brussels resident Freddie Martyn told Sky News: "I arrived on the scene minutes after the incident happened.
"As I got there police were running towards me trying to cordon off the area.
Twitter/tdasilvarosa 9 Police officers remain at the cordon after the incident earlier this evening
Twitter/tdasilvarosa 9 The area went into lockdown while anti-terror cops investigated the attack
Twitter/tdasilvarosa 9 Officers set up a cordon around the scene where an investigation is underway
"One side of the road I saw an ambulance with someone in there, which I'm guessing was the soldier because on the other side there was another man in civilian clothing being given CPR."
They added: "It was all quite frightening."
Thomas da Silva Rosa tweeted: "A man with a machete attacked soldiers on patrol in Brussels centre, now shot dead."
Ryan MacDonald wrote: "Sound of gunshot, heavy police presence outside on Boulevard Emile Jacqmain, Brussels."
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) again called out former President Bill Clinton for the Monica Lewinsky scandal -- which took place 16 years ago -- saying Democrats should return any money raised with their help.
In an interview with C-SPAN set to air Sunday, Paul implied Democrats who claim Republicans are waging a "war on women" are hypocritical if they've worked with Clinton, according to CNN.
"They can't have it both ways. And so I really think that anybody who wants to take money from Bill Clinton or have a fundraiser has a lot of explaining to do," Paul said. "In fact, I think they should give the money back."
"If they want to take position on women's rights, by all means do. But you can't do it and take it from a guy who was using their position of authority to take advantage of young women in the workplace," Paul added.
Apr 14, 2005 This week's theme
Words relating to religion
This week's words
pontificate
colporteur
catholicity
hagiarchy
latitudinarian
Discuss
Feedback
RSS/XML Words relating to religion A.Word.A.Day with Anu Garg
hagiarchy PRONUNCIATION: (HAG-ee-ar-kee, HAY-jee-)
MEANING: noun: A government by holy persons. Also a place thus governed.
ETYMOLOGY: From Greek hagi- (holy) + -archy (rule). Earliest documented use: 1826.
NOTES: Two synonyms of this term are hagiocracy and hierocracy. Also, literally speaking, hierarchy is the rule of the high priest.
USAGE: "Brazil's drug lords are altar boys compared with the Mexican and Colombian hagiarchy."
Mac Margolis; Brazil's New Drug Habit; Newsweek International; May 28, 2001.
See more usage examples of hagiarchy in Vocabulary.com's dictionary.
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY: It is human nature to hate the man whom you have hurt. -Publius Cornelius Tacitus, historian (c.55-c.120)
We need your help
Help us continue to spread the magic of words to readers everywhere
Donate
Some games are incredibly polite. If I'm running from the police in Bioshock: Infinite or I'm about to carry out some wanton imperialism in Call of Duty, and I just stop before a new fight starts nothing will change. The world will wait. In Skyrim if I decide I want to take my time and smell the flowers a bit before confronting the dragon that wants to burninate the countryside then he'll wait. They won't get bored and end the world while I'm cheerfully shouting fire at goats on a mountainside.
But not every game will stop the world for you. Indeed there are some games out there that, all things considered, don't really seem to want to be your friend at all. In this era where games so often seem mollified in pursuit of universal appeal, or are simply so formulaic that gameplay is an afterthought, it is these mean, unwelcoming games that really tap into what playing a game should be all about.
One of the greatest examples of this is Dark Souls. This is a game that sneaked under the radar for a lot of players because, well, it's not an easy sell. It's the Nelson Muntz of video games. Players are confronted with a benighted, broken world, oozing with a sense of hostility. Everything here resents you, even the art style. You are small, you are gaunt and you are filthy. At the start of the game you struggle under the weight of your own weapons. The enemies don't and most of them, and indeed the weapons they wield, are bigger than you.
My first experience with the game was a humbling one. Starting out, getting to grips with the controls, failing to do so, and then being killed, often. The bosses, the traps, even the regular bad guys, approach them casually and die. There's an unwritten rule of games design, the scrunty little enemies, the skeletons, the zombies, the first level boss, they aren't supposed to be hard. They aren't meant to win. Apparently nobody explained this to the developers of Dark Souls.
Dark Souls was every bit the bully. It would not just find brutish and ruthless ways to win. It would seem pleased with itself for doing it. It would put me back where I started from and bring all the enemies back just because I zigged when I meant to zag and a dragon ate my face.
A strange thing happens with a game like that, you hate it, but you respect it, you want to master it, you want to beat it. Beating a game used to be difficult. For years, in keeping with their coin operated arcade heritage, games were not meant to be beaten. You got as far as you could, you ran out of lives, and you tried again. Dark Souls does not confront the player with a Game Over screen, but it feels no compunction about slapping you back down every time you try to stand back up.
Cruel and unusual punishment is not the preserve of nightmarish Japanese imports; there have been recent developments in western gaming also towards tougher games too.
The recent XCOM remake caused a stir because in a marketplace full of games where your team is largely invincible outside the perilous world of the cut-scene, it brought permanent character death and an ironman mode. Ironman play-throughs for games are something that plenty of people attempt, no reloading a save if something goes wrong and if you die, game over; but it is very rare to see it actually coded into the game in this way. By placing it there, in plain sight, XCOM was extending a challenge. Dangling it there to see who had the moxie.
XCOM is an interesting idea, a turn-based squad combat game wrapped in a flexible narrative about an alien invasion. The combat compares more closely to board games than similar video games. Even a quarter century ago games like Rebelstar Raiders and Laser Squad, from which the modern XCOM can trace a direct ancestry, were more nuanced in many ways, featuring more complex systems even back on a 48k Spectrum. The modern form is unencumbered, faster, and for the characters involved often deadlier. Where the complexity of earlier XCOM and other turn based strategy games allowed a player to outfox the AI, in the simple mechanics of the new XCOM there are fewer places to hide.
What XCOM brings to the table is a game where you can see characters created, levelled up, trained, customised, and ultimately killed over the course of the story. Every loss will be felt to a greater or lesser extent and unlike even Dark Souls; too much failure will lose you the game. A campaign of play lasting many hours may have to be binned and restarted.
In the grand scheme of things however it is impossible to talk about games that hate the player without referring to the Arma series and its phenomenally popular zombie survival spinoff, DayZ.
The Arma series is an infantry combat simulator developed alongside the Virtual Battle Space software which various militaries around the world use for training. It has always been, in its own right, a very challenging game and the latest iteration, currently in alpha, shows that this has not changed. The difficulty in Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead, the most recent finished version, is mitigated by a forgiving desert landscape in which enemies are easy to spot and a setting where you employ state of the art military gear against rebels and insurgents who are outgunned in all areas. You feel protected, superior.
However what happens to that difficulty level when Arma 2 becomes a persistent multiplayer zombie game? When you are washed up on a beach at an unknown location armed with a pistol, a small amount of supplies and a fistful of signal flares? When death for your character is permanent, when anybody you meet could murder you on the spot on the off chance you've got something to eat, when any supplies and weapons have to be searched for in zombie infested buildings, and you can freeze to death, and you can bleed to death, and the nights so dark you can't see ten metres in front of you.
What you get is probably the most systemically difficult game ever made. Not in a cheap way but in the way you are always under threat, danger is always there in the game, and even when you do get a moment of calm you're just getting nearer to death by starvation or cold. This could just be a miserable experience and in some ways it is, but at the same time the difficulty sweetens the victories. Successfully finding the North Star in the realistically mapped night sky and navigating to somewhere you actually wanted to go across the huge map feels like an accomplishment, creeping past a few zombies to search a building carries more of a concentrated buzz than an entire Splinter Cell game, finding a fresh corpse potentially laden with supplies is like being a kid right before Christmas. Until it turns out that somebody with a hunting rifle has been lying in a hedge two hundred metres away, watching the body, waiting for somebody to take the bait. And then you get to start over again.
Not every game needs to be so brutal, but it is good that such games exist. Games that test players, that demand their players either get good or get beaten, these are good things, they improve us.
With DayZ, Dark Souls and XCOM all proving to be popular because of, rather than in spite of, their difficulty level it begs the question if hard games could be due for a comeback.
London, England (CNN) -- The planet's seas and oceans are richer and more diverse than scientists suspected, the biggest survey of marine life has revealed -- but many mysteries remain.
The Census of Marine Life, which announced its full findings Monday, has taken 10 years to complete, employing 2,700 scientists from 80 nations. The $650 million study surveyed from the coldest waters to the warmest lagoons, from the smallest microbes to the largest cetaceans.
It even looked at life 10,000 meters (6.2 miles) down in the Marianas Trench southeast of Japan.
Scientists tagged and tracked marine creatures in order to gain insight into their migratory habits and populations as well as how they breed and what they eat.
The census also explored some unusual sights during its 10 years, including what scientists labelled a "White Shark Cafe" and a "sturgeon playground" in the Pacific as well as giant bacteria and mollusks.
In August scientists working on the census revealed that the richest waters for marine life are around Australia and Japan; and that crustaceans are the biggest group populating the seas, making up around one-fifth of sea life.
Scientists estimate that there are more than 1 million marine species but only about 250,000 have been formally described in scientific literature over the centuries. Those figures exclude microbes -- of which the census estimate there are up to 1 billion kinds.
Myriam Sibuet, vice-chair of the Scientific Steering Committee on the mammoth study, said: "The census enlarged the known world. Life astonished us everywhere we looked. In the deep sea we found luxuriant communities despite extreme conditions."
The census also collated information on the 16,764 species of fish that have ever been described -- but estimates that a further 5,000 have yet to be discovered.
Central to the census is its database called the Ocean Biogeographic Information System (or OBIS), which includes 28 million observations of more than 120,000 species, going back centuries. OBIS is growing at the rate of about five million observations each year.
The amount of marine life yet to be detailed varies wildly by region. The census estimates only 10 percent is yet to be described in European waters -- but that figure rises to 75 percent for the deeper waters of the Mediterranean and 80 percent for the seas around Australia.
The census is inviting other organizations, projects and individuals to help monitor life in the world's waters by contributing to OBIS.
Ian Poiner, chair of the Census Steering Committee, said: "This cooperative international 21st century voyage has systematically defined for the first time both the known and the vast unknown, unexplored ocean.
"All surface life depends on life inside and beneath the oceans. Sea life provides half of our oxygen and a lot of our food and regulates climate. We are all citizens of the sea."
The census also used DNA barcoding -- for example, ensuring a specimen can be identified by something as small as a fish scale -- for 35,000 species, as well as establishing baseline measures so that future damage from climate change or pollution can be accurately assessed.
Patricia Miloslavich, co-senior scientist on the census, said in a statement: "Before the census, we lacked even a simple list of known marine species. Information was scattered all over the world with limited access. If we liken Earth to a firm with humankind as CEO, we must surely know the key employees and their functions."
More than 300 key scientists who worked on the census meet from Monday in London to discuss their findings and plan further work.
The survey was begun 10 years ago by Fred Grassle at Rutgers University, New Jersey, and Jesse Ausubel of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, New York.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's Got Talent fans were left feeling uncomfortable after watching a mother and son on tonight's live semi-finals.
Melanie Bell and Jamie Gilpin took to the stage to perform Miley Cyrus hit the Climb.
While their vocals were flawless, some tuning in at home questioned why the pair had chosen to sing a love song to one another.
Meanwhile, others wondered why the two opted to hold hands as they belted out the track.
(Image: Syco/Thames/Dymond)
Taking to Twitter, one viewer wrote: "A guy that age singing and holding hands with their mummy on stage is just too cringeworthy to watch (also not great singing at all) BGT."
Another then commented: "Bit weird mother and son singing a love song together looking longingly into each others eyes. @BGT."
Shortly afterwards, another fan tweeted: "Feeling so uncomfortable watching BGT with this lad and their mam holding hands practically necking on."
Despite the negative comments surrounding the mother and son's closeness, others were quick to praise the pair's performance.
"Well done to @mel_jamie_BGT they brought tears to my eyes #MelandJamie," gushed one fan.
(Image: Syco/Thames/Dymond)
READ MORE: Watch Simon Cowell send BGT fans into a frenzy by proposing live on air
Moments afterwards, another added: "@BGT @antanddec Loved #MelandJamie @BGT such a special bond."
Will Melanie and Jamie make it through to the finals?
Find out by tuning into the Britain's Got Talent semi-final results are on ITV tonight at 9.30pm.
The faces of the NBA currently reside in Los Angeles, Miami, Boston and a few other select cities. While fans and analysts alike are quick to pick their favorite Goliath, there are always teams like the 2012 Denver Nuggets and Indiana Pacers ready to give them a run for their money.
Even if the concentration of talent in the NBA has lended itself to rooting for a team away from home, there is a ray of hope for those who still manage to pull for a select group of small market teams. And all of those teams follow a formula of scavenging around for young talent and players capable of putting up All Star-type numbers on occasion.
In no particular order, here are five NBA teams that you should not sleep on.
Golden State Warriors
A tumultuous four or five seasons after upending the number one seeded Dallas Mavericks in the playoffs, the Warriors are legitimately ready to rebound. Monta Ellis had led the way for the majority of those years but it was not working. Their scoring ability was unquestionably elite; in their heyday for the Warriors, they could get to the basket with the best players in the NBA. And the reality is that there is really only one way to go for a team that did not even win 25 games in 2012.
Monta's selfishness played a part in the lack of success in Golden State. So although the pieces the Warriors received when they traded Monta to the Milwaukee Bucks may have been suspect at the time, the trade looks better as time passes—although on-court performance will be the true judge of the trade. The centerpiece of the trade, Andrew Bogut, fulfilled a void that has plagued the Warriors for years because Andris Biedrins has become a disaster.
Now add Klay Thompson, Stephen Curry, David Lee, and a host of other highly capable role players to the mix and the Warriors have reason for optimism. Injury is the taboo topic for Bay Area fans with the fragility of Curry and Bogut's recent history, but at least for now, the Warriors should be excited for more than merely a rebuilding season
Fending for your life in the western conference is by no means easy, but time is on their side and a playoff berth is within reason. As they have shown before, once the Dubs are in the playoffs, all bets are off for favorites—there is energy at Oracle that few (if any) NBA fan bases can match.
Where will they be seeded at the end of the 2013 NBA season: 6-8, the Warriors will be heading back to the playoffs. 6-8, the Warriors will be heading back to the playoffs.
New Orleans Hornets
Building your organization around a player like Anthony Davis certainly bodes well for the future of your team—but the Hornet who is often forgotten is Eric Gordon. Although they played a grand total of nine games in the 2012 NBA season because of injury, Gordon has proven that they are a force in the NBA. In 2011, they scored over 22 points per game.
one player on the The Hornets are also the epitome of youth with onlyplayer on the entire team over the age of 30. Does this remind you of a team who has thrived with superstar-caliber youth? Oklahoma City has been the definition of supremely talented youth in the NBA and although Anthony Davis may be nowhere near the (scorer) of Kevin Durant that may not be necessary with Eric Gordon running the scoring show.
For the Thunder, an issue that was brought up again and again (whether or not it had merit) was that they lacked a big man. New Orleans definitely does not lack that. And how Davis matches up to future Hall of Famer Tim Duncan will be particularly fascinating to watch when the two big men compete in what will likely become more than a joke of a division rivalry.
Where will they be seeded at the end of the 2013 NBA season: 10-12, the Hornets will not make the playoffs. They are on the up-and-up but the Hornets are still at least a year away from a playoff berth. the Hornets will not make the playoffs. They are on the up-and-up but the Hornets are still at least a year away from a playoff berth.
Utah Jazz
Even though they got swept by the San Antonio Spurs in the first round of the 2012 playoffs, the Utah Jazz are another solid young team. Led by Al Jefferson, the Utah Jazz have managed to stay in the playoff hunt after the departure of long-time Jazz player, Carlos Boozer.
And to add onto the obstacles in the pathway of the Jazz, Jerry Sloan's retirement meant that some big shoes had to be filled. Tyrone Corbin has proven that they are a reasonably capable coach and now has more than a year's worth of experience as the head coach of the Jazz.
Utah does not have the caliber of young studs that the other four teams mentioned here possess, but if they can click, the Jazz should be able to compete for another position at the bottom of the western conference.
Where will they be seeded at the end of the 2013 NBA season: 9-11, many fans have high hopes for the Jazz, but just aren't there yet. Teams like the Warriors and Timberwolves are ready to make a move. many fans have high hopes for the Jazz, but just aren't there yet. Teams like the Warriors and Timberwolves are ready to make a move.
Minnesota Timberwolves
On paper, there looks like there is no reason that the T'wolves should not be competitive. With Kevin Love averaging 26 points and 13 rebounds a night, Minnesota should be able to put together a supporting cast to help them get to the playoffs.
Of course, injuries never help and Ricky Rubio was removed from the equation early in the season. And although the timetable for Rubio's return is still set potentially months away, the Timberwolves have quietly assembled some excellent pieces for the upcoming season.
Andrei Kirilenko, Brandon Roy, and Greg Steimsma all have the potential to pay dividends and really bolster the overall offensive and defensive firepower of a fairly small-market franchise.
Where will they be seeded at the end of the 2013 NBA season: 7-8, the Timberwolves will finally make the playoffs. , the Timberwolves will finally make the playoffs.
Philadelphia 76ers
entire league. The math does not add up but the Sixers will be the last to complain. Finally dumping Andre Iguodala was a blessing for the 76ers. Not only did they get rid of a guy that they had been trying to sell for a while but Philadelphia received a top-two center in the. The math does not add up but the Sixers will be the last to complain.
Bynum averages a double-double over the course of their career and is still only 24 years old! If the Sixers can hold onto the talented big man, they will have a great centerpiece to build their organization around for years to come. Granted, they may not be the most mature player, but they will not be doing much of the ball handling and Jrue Holliday has proven to be very capable of that aspect of the offense.
Spencer Hawes, Nick Young, Jason Richardson, and Dorell Wright are all more than proficient at their primary role on the basketball court and the team chemistry is what could make the 76ers a truly special team.
Their upside is nothing short competing with the top tier of the eastern conference
Image copyright PA Image caption The laptop was bought from PC World in Aberdeen in 1998
A hearing about a 16-year dispute over a laptop bought at the Aberdeen branch of PC World is under way at the Supreme Court in London.
Richard Durkin, 44, claims the HFC bank ruined their credit rating after they tried to back out of an agreement to buy a £1,499 computer in 1998.
Mr Durkin took their case to court and initially won.
Appeal court judges later ruled the credit agreement was separate and they were not entitled to cancel.
Mr Durkin had handed over £50 and signed a credit agreement with HFC, but claims they were told by a sales assistant at the store in Aberdeen that the laptop could be returned if it had a problem.
They discovered the laptop did not have an inbuilt modem.
They were eventually paid back the £50 by PC World, but HFC said they were still required to make payments under the terms of the credit agreement.
In 2008 Aberdeen Sheriff Court ruled that they were entitled to reject the laptop and cancel the sale and the credit agreement and awarded damages of £116,000.
The decision was overturned two years later by judges at the Court of Session in Edinburgh.
The panel of Supreme Court judges are expected to reserve judgement on whether there was a valid loan agreement.
The launch of the Chromecast marks Google's latest attempt to enter the consumer TV market—an attempt that, while still in its early stages, seems to be on a better footing than Google TV, a consumer reject since its launch in October 2010.
Google's $35 video-streaming dongle has drawn predictable comparisons with the Apple TV—Cupertino's perennial “hobby” that, at last count, sells some 1.5 million units every quarter. And why not? The two devices are, on the surface, very similar: They both stream video, and both are part of attempts by their respective manufacturers to dethrone the traditional living room TV experience.
The stakes are high: A 2012 report by research firm Global Industry Analysts estimates that the market for online movie streaming will reach $4.4 billion by 2017—and that doesn't even include all the new activities that a computer in the living room could support, such as games and interactive apps. Nor is there any doubt that Google is coming in from behind: As of May, Apple had sold 13 million Apple TVs, while rival Roku celebrated 5 million units sold back in April.
Though the Apple TV has been around for years longer, the Chromecast actually looks better poised to dominate the streaming set-top box market. Apple's offering certainly has some advantages, but Google's plusses are better.
Skin deep
The two companies have some stark differences in how they are tackling the problem of TV-based entertainment.
The Apple TV, true to Apple form, offers a more comprehensive user experience. Even if you have never been within a mile of a computer in your life, the device is easy to use. You can just plug the little black box into your TV set, power it on, and start enjoying content in a matter of minutes, drawing from the iTunes Store's massive library of movies, TV shows, and music. In short order, your biggest concern will become figuring out where Apple's little aluminum remote ended up this time.
The Chromecast, on the other hand, is designed for people who already have a computer or handheld device, and prefer to bypass the traditional remote in favor of a more modern approach to consuming content. The result is not quite as slick as the Apple TV, but it comes in a decidedly smaller, cheaper, and more discreet package.
The attractive pricing may be a significant factor in its early success. “The price point makes it easy for people outside the early adopter cohort to take a chance on it,” says Alan Wolk, global lead analyst with Kit Digital/Piksel (a company in video technology and services). “The ability to then use the phone/tablet as a remote control was also a brilliant idea, as it creates additional functionality.”
Out of jail
Much more important, however, is that the two companies have taken dramatically different approaches to choosing the technologies that underlie their respective platforms. The Apple TV used to run a stripped-down version of OS X, and is today based on a similarly special-built version of iOS. Although the operating system can be jailbroken, its functionality is officially off-limits to third-party developers (the sole exception: a third-party app can incorporate AirPlay functionality for streaming or mirroring the app's content).
Google, on the other hand, has decided to open up its platform to third-party developers, who can build their own apps using the same technologies that power traditional Web apps: The device itself essentially runs a stripped-down version of the Chrome browser and uses simple, run-of-the-mill HTML5 documents to serve its content—including playing back high-resolution video and interacting with a “sender” app that runs on a desktop or mobile device.
“The price point makes it easy for people outside the early adopter cohort to take a chance on it.”
This should make attracting developer interest in the Chromecast much easier than for, say, other open streaming platforms like the Roku, whose third-party apps must instead rely on a proprietary scripting language. Alex Gourney, CEO of interactive fitness company BitGym, agrees: “We do advanced streaming video of exercise content, and the flexibility of being able to run an ‘app' on the Chromecast is a big advantage over the Apple TV. It lets us do variable-speed video playback, composite audio dynamically, [and even] pull in extra content.”
Much like what happened with iOS's App Store, the decision to open up the Chromecast could be a boon to everyone: “If a third-party developer comes up with something that creates buzz on the market and attracts a lot of users, everyone gains,” says Piksel's Wolk. “Google, because the Chromecast becomes more popular; the developer, because they get a large market for their product; and the consumer, because they are getting the best products and many minds working on developing those products.”
Closer to flawed
That's not to say that Google has nailed the Chromecast's launch. For one thing, the device itself seems to be woefully underpowered. I bought one as soon as it became available—strictly for “research purposes,” of course—and my thoroughly unscientific impression is that it is significantly less capable than the Apple TV in both memory and computing speed. I would much rather have spent $50 or even $70 for a little more horsepower—after all, millions of people have had no trouble forking over $100 to buy Apple's hardware. But of course, the price is a large part of the Chromecast's appeal, for which users may overlook such shortcomings.
In addition, the Chromecast is, by Google's own admission, still “unfinished.” The developer documentation makes it clear that the tools used to build third-party apps could change at any time, and in a way that could render current software useless. The company's trademark insistence on slapping a “beta” label on everything it makes has gone from cool, to cute, to sophomoric. How can developers possibly be expected to invest serious time and resources on a technology that could change under their feet at a moment's notice?
Apple is notoriously fastidious when it comes to the programming interfaces that it allows third-party developers to use, but that's for good reason: As former vice president of software Bertrand Serlet famously explained at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference in 2009, these interfaces are, effectively, contracts between the company and its developers—and Apple goes to great lengths not to break them once established. This approach gives developers a measure of safety and predictability, and it's frustrating that an engineering-centric organization like Google seemingly can't understand its importance.
Still, that's not necessarily a fatal weakness for the Chromecast. “One lesson we can learn from the music industry is that good enough is usually good enough,” says Wolk. “Remember when we were told that no one would listen to MP3s because the quality was not as good as CDs? Same thing with streaming. The quality may not be as good, but it's good enough, and when it comes to media consumption, the convenience factor trumps everything.”
Huge opportunity
If Google manages to address these problems, the Chromecast could well represent a tremendous opportunity for the company to gain a significant position in the market. (The Apple TV and Roku's devices dominate set-top streaming, with other players basically fighting for scraps.)
Until now, the closed nature of platforms like the Apple TV has meant that consumers must depend on incumbent players to change the way they use their TV sets. The incumbents, however, are too often betrothed, whether by choice or by necessity, to content providers whose antiquated business model is predicated on the ability to tightly control the distribution of their products.
As a result, innovation has been slow to come to this market, and the trickle of improvements we have seen over the years—with the possible exception of Netflix's rise—has largely underwhelmed consumers.
With a platform that is wide-open to third parties, however, all bets are off. Your living room could finally experience the same kind of revolution that iOS and the iPhone brought to the mobile market, where players small and large have pushed the boundaries of what could be done on a phone.
Even better, the Chromecast plays directly on Apple's biggest weakness: its insistence on going it alone. According to Harry Hawk, a New York–based consultant with experience in marketing and advertising, this could give Google time to grow its user base with little interference from Cupertino. They explain, “Given the low price point of Chromecast, and Apple's lack of cooperation with other ecosystems, it's hard to see Apple going directly after Chromecast. In the game between Apple TV and Chromecast, the advantage right now is for Chromecast.”
It is one of the greatest archaeological mysteries of all time: the disappearance of a Persian army of 50,000 men in the Egyptian desert around 524 BC. Leiden University Professor Olaf Kaper unearthed a cover-up affair and solved the riddle.
Herodotus
It must have been a sand storm, writes the Greek historian Herodotus. They tell the story of the Persian King Cambyses, who entered the Egyptian desert near Luxor (then Thebes) with 50,000 men. The troops supposedly never returned; they were swallowed by a sand dune. A fantastic tale that was long the subject of many debates.
Long quest
Egyptologist Olaf Kaper never believed it: 'Since the 19th century, people have been looking for this army: amateurs, but also professional archaeologists. Some expect to find somewhere under the ground an entire army, fully equipped. However, experience has long shown that you cannot die from a sand storm, let alone have an entire army disappear.'
Petubastis III
Kaper is now putting forward an entirely different explanation. They argue that the army did not disappear, but was defeated. 'My research shows that the army was not simply passing through the desert; its final destination was the Dachla Oasis. This was the location of the troops of the Egyptian rebel leader Petubastis III. They ultimately ambushed the army of Cambyses, and in this way managed from their base in the oasis to reconquer a large part of Egypt, after which they let themselves be crowned Pharaoh in the capital, Memphis.'
Spin doctor
The fact that the fate of the army of Cambyses remained unclear for such a long time is probably due to the Persian King Darius I, who ended the Egyptian revolt with much bloodshed two years after Cambyses' defeat. Like a true spin doctor, they attributed the shameful defeat of their predecessor to natural elements. Thanks to this effective manipulation, 75 years after the events, all Herodotus could do was take note of the sand storm story.
Pieces of the puzzle
Kaper made this discovery accidentally; they were not looking for it actively. In collaboration with New York University and the University of Lecce, they were involved for the last ten years in excavations in Amheida, in the Dachla Oasis. Earlier this year, they deciphered the full list of titles of Petubastis III on ancient temple blocks. 'That's when the puzzle pieces fell into place', says the Egyptologist. 'The temple blocks indicate that this must have been a stronghold at the start of the Persian period. Once we combined this with the limited information we had about Petubastis III, the excavation site and the story of Herodotus, we were able to reconstruct what happened.'
The discovery will be announced on Thursday at an international conference.
As John 'Moon' Mullin points out, we don't know if the two things are directly related, but they at least involve the same position:
Earl Bennett has been excused from practice this week to be at home in Texas dealing with a personal matter. Head coach Marc Trestman said the issue was family-related, and that it would be up to Earl on how they wish to proceed.
"The best I can do with respect to Earl, he's got a family issue back home in Texas," said coach Marc Trestman. "It is day to day and we are leaving it up to them on how they want to handle it. It's a very personal issue and I'll leave it at that."
Bennett has caught 32 passes for 243 yards and 4 TD this season.
We send our best of wishes to Earl and their family this week...
Also announced was the signing of wide receiver/ special teamer Chris Williams. The 5-8, 175 pound WR was an UDFA in 2009, spent a short period of time with the Dolphins and Browns, then elected to test the waters in the CFL.
More from Moon:
In 2012, they set a CFL record with six return touchdowns to go along with 1,117 punt return yards and 83 receptions for 1,298 yards and 11 receiving touchdowns. They have spent the last 12 weeks of the 2013 season on the Saints practice squad.
In a corresponding roster move, the Bears released DT Christian Tupou.
Even if Bennett misses this Sunday's game versus the Packers, it's hard to imagine Williams playing any type of role outside of a backup/emergency return man, but it is curious that the team decided to pluck them off of a practice squad with one game left on the regular season schedule.
If Trestman's had their eye Wiliams for a while, they may have something else in store for him.
Stay tuned...
Hi! Just so you know, you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB. (This box will go away after you vote once.)
#5088 ⇧ (+952/-138) ⇩
< Jax184> I finally got the windows embedded platform builder installed
< Jax184> so I can now make a version of XP that'll boot off of a 128 meg CF card
< moshez> jax184: my condolences
< moshez> why do you want to develop on crap xp platforms and stuff
< moshez> that sounds unfun
<@khmer> i love it when people ask windows questions or talk about windows dev and someone's very serious answer to the question is "use linux, noob"
< moshez> khmer: it's worked for me so far...
<@khmer> hurr hurr! you guys are aweosme!!!!!!
<@khmer> here's my impression of you
<@khmer> SCENE: Mission Control. Apollo 13 is spinning out of control.
<@khmer> <Radio> All right, we've evacuated the command module and we're sealed in the LEM, but the oxygen filter is broken! we need another!
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> All right, Captain, we'll put together a team.
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> Team, here are the supplies they've got. We need to build an air filter for the LEM socket, right now.
<@khmer> <moshez> They shouldn't have gone into the LEM.
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> We're kind of past that, moshez. They've evacuated all the oxygen from the command module.
<@khmer> <moshez> Well it's just the right answer, they shouldn't have gone into the LEM.
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> All right, anyone else? We have to make sure it doesn't take sharp movements, because a good kick could tear right through the aluminum wall.
<@khmer> <moshez> Well, you shouldn't have used aluminum.
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> All right, you know what, dickhole? That's not problem-solving. They're in the LEM, the walls are aluminum, and they're in fucking space, so we need to solve this problem!
<@khmer> <moshez> Well, they shouldn't have gone into space. I never need to.
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> What? This isn't about you. This is their situation and their problem and we need to build this air filter!
<@khmer> <moshez> Well don't get mad at me for having the right answers.
<@khmer> <moshez> I just drive to my house and I never have air filtration problems.
<@khmer> <Mission Commander> So, the astronauts have holed up in the LEM and they want us to build an air filter, and your solution is for them not to go into the LEM, not to build it with aluminum, not to go into space, and to drive to your house?
<@khmer> <moshez> You're not thinking about this rationally.
<@khmer> <Radio> TELL MY WIFE I LOVE Them
<@khmer> <moshez> That radio is probably just picking up Casablanca.
<@khmer> --SCENE.--
< moshez> khmer: ok
< moshez> khmer: now I feel bad about myself
< moshez> no wait, I don't
< Beelzebub> moshez: you should.
× Richmond Mayor Jones will now have a Nov. opponent
RICHMOND, Va. (WTVR)—There will be two candidates on the November ballot for Richmond mayor.
Judge Melvin R. Hughes Jr. has overridden the decision of City Registrar Kirk Showalter and ruled that the eight voters that they deemed ineligible to sign Michael Ryan Jr.'s petition were actually qualified voters, and are all citizens of Richmond.
CBS 6 reporter Joe St. George was in the courtroom when the decision was made.
Ryan needed a total of 500 signatures, and they collected 681.
They needed 50 signatures in each district, but they wound up eight voters short. They were three short in the 6th district and five short in the 9th district when the registrar deemed them ineligible.
Those eight voters lived in the right districts but were currently registered to vote in a different district in the city of Richmond.
Lawyers for Ryan contend that a 1974 ruling and a 1995 registrar document declare that those voters are still qualified.
In court last week attorneys for the City Registrar and the State Board of Election argued that State law has a “no appeals process” for any candidate running for public office.
On that day Judge Theodore Markow ordered a temporary injunction preventing the City Registrar from printing the November ballots until Ryan was given a formal review.
Joe Morrissey was the attorney for 46-year-old Ryan.
Observing the current turmoil in Egypt, one obvious question is what tactics would work best for Mubarak, assuming they want to stay in power. The official U.S. government answer is that they should be a good guy—permit more freedoms, reduce corruption, not prevent demonstrations or arrest opponents or try to shut down sources of information critical of him.
It's the obvious thing for Obama and Clinton to say, given that they are playing mostly to the American public. And it is what most of us would like to believe. But is it actually good advice? Are there examples of dictators who responded to mass opposition by shifting towards a freer and more democratic system and stayed in power as a result, or is such a move interpreted as evidence that the dictator is on their way out, hence a reason for more people to join the opposition?
The current Iranian government, faced by mass opposition, took the opposite strategy and is still in power.
J.K. Simmons is apparently planning to bring some Dwayne Johnson realness to their role as Commissioner Gordon in Zack Snyder's Justice League. Simmons' fitness instructor, retired U.S. marine Aaron Williamson, posted pics of the Farmer's Insurance spokesperson in the gym to their Instagram, and they're jarringly veiny, to say the least.
Advertisement
Simmons, who's 61, has apparently been spending hours in the gym building muscles upon muscles, meaning that when their jacked police commissioner hits Snyder's over-saturated screen, he'll be doing so with motherfucking authority. And, of course, with terrifyingly bulging 300-style Greek god muscles. Seriously—these things look like The Rock's quads on “leg day,” and while muscles are cool and everything, there's something a little off-putting about seeing so many squiggly ripples on a guy who's best known for being charmingly affable in movies like Juno. Sure, they showed a different, more sadistic side of themselves in their Oscar-winning role in Whiplash, but Jesus. Dude's jacked.
Advertisement
[via The Daily Dot]
Apple today released iOS 11.1, the first major update to the iOS 11 operating system available on the iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. iOS 11.1 comes more than a month after iOS 11 was first released to the public and its launch comes after several rounds of beta testing.
Included in the changes are over 70 new emojis, along with some other minor updates, like the return of the 3D Touch option to open up the app switcher by pressing down on the left side of the screen that Apple mysteriously took out in the original iOS 11 release.
“The new emoji are designed to reveal every detail and adapted from approved characters in Unicode 10. iOS 11.1 will also include characters announced on World Emoji Day like Woman with Headscarf, Bearded Person, Breastfeeding, Zombie, Person in Lotus Position and new food items such as Sandwich and Coconut. Also included in the update is the Love-You Gesture, designed after the ‘I love you' hand sign in American Sign Language,” Apple said in an earlier statement.
Emoji
Over 70 new emoji characters including new food types, animals, mythical creatures, clothing options, more expressive smiley faces, gender-neutral characters and more
Photos
Resolves an issue that could cause some photos to appear blurry
Addresses an issue that could cause Live Photo effects to playback slowly
Fixes an issue that could cause some photos to not display in the People album when restoring from an iCloud Backup
Fixes an issue that could impact performance when swiping between screenshots
Accessibility
Improves braille support for Grade 2 input
Improves VoiceOver access to multi-page PDFs
Improves VoiceOver rotor actions for announcing incoming notifications
Improves VoiceOver rotor actions menu when removing an app from the App Switcher
Fixes an issue for some users where alternative keys would not display when using VoiceOver with Touch Typing
Fixes an issue where VoiceOver rotor would always return to default action in Mail
Fixes an issue where VoiceOver rotor would not delete messages
Other improvements and fixes
Adds back support for accessing the app switcher by pressing on edge of display with 3D Touch
Fixes an issue that caused cleared Mail notifications to reappear on Lock screen
Fixes an issue in enterprise environments that prevented data from being moved between managed apps
Fixes an issue with some 3rd-party GPS accessories that caused inaccuracies in location data
Resolves an issue where settings for Heart Rate notifications were appearing in Apple Watch app (1st generation)
Fixes an issue where app icons were not appearing in notifications on Apple Watch
If you're already running iOS 11, you should update right away as this version should work better than the previous one.
The man behind Seattle's boys in the boat
The old wooden rowing shell that hangs in the University of Washington crew team's dining hall doesn't look all that remarkable. You see boats like it in many nautical-themed restaurants. But this particular wooden boat — the Husky Clipper — is special. It carried nine UW athletes to an Olympic gold medal at the 1936 games in Berlin. Daniel James Brown chronicled their come-from-behind victory in their bestseller “The Boys in the Boat.” But those boys were a UW legend long before Brown ever wrote their book. “We honor the '36 crew,” says UW head rowing coach Michael Callahan.
Sponsor
Every incoming first-year student memorizes those rowers' names and the story behind the boat that hangs above them at mealtimes. Photos and other memorabilia from the era are on display alongside the Husky Clipper. They're tangible reminders of the Husky crew team's long, proud history. But just as important as the boys in the boat is the man who built the boat — George Pocock. “When you say 'Pocock' here,” says Callahan, “it's almost the spirit of the boathouse, the spirit of rowing. We would not be the same program without it.” EXPERIENCE: What it's like to be out with the Huskies on the water George Pocock and their brother Dick Pocock emigrated from England to Vancouver, British Columbia, in 1911. They paid for the journey with money George Pocock won in a professional sculling race.
Sponsor
The brothers had learned the boat building trade from their father, who was the boatman at Eton College. After the brothers arrived in Vancouver, George found a job with the Vancouver Rowing Club. Soon after, the Pococks started their own company. News of their skill quickly spread across the Northwest. A year later, UW rowing coach Hiram Conibear traveled north to recruit the brothers to work for their fledgling Seattle program. Although Dick Pocock moved to Connecticut to build boats for Yale; George Pocock maintained a shop in the UW shell house, where they built the team's boats and dispensed rowing advice to the athletes and their coaches. “The boat builder was really part of the crew then,” explains Bill Tytus, the current owner of Pocock Racing Shells. “This was the boondocks, as far as rowing goes, and George had more experience than any of the [UW] coaches. They grew up with rowing.” Back then, rowing was front-page news in Seattle. The 1936 Olympic victory had resonated across the city. When the crew team rowed by, kids ran down to the docks and cheered them on. Rowing was in the spotlight for most of the 20th century.
Sponsor
WATCH: Legendary Pocock racing boats being made by hand Tytus first met George Pocock more than 50 years ago. The boy was riding their bicycle through the area that's now the UW's Montlake parking lot. In those days it was the town dump. “It was huge and vast,” Tytus laughs, “and it had these metal boxes, like portable barbecues with eternal flames to burn off the methane gas.” One day Tytus rode their bike past the flames to a building on the shores of Portage Bay. They peeked inside and fell in love. “It was all these old guys, working away. I put one foot in, nobody yelled. You put two feet in, and pretty soon somebody will talk to you.”
Sponsor
That somebody was “a marvelous old man with a lilting English accent”: George Pocock. Tytus started to hang around Pocock's shop most weekends. At that time, the company's boats were hand-crafted from Western red cedar. Tytus says the professionals never let them touch the wood, although they did build brass oarlocks one summer. After Pocock died in 1976, their son Stan took over the business. By then, most racing shell manufacturers had switched from wood to fiberglass. That's what many customers wanted. But Stan Pocock was slow to make the change. By 1985, discouraged by the company's plummeting sales, Stan Pocock planned to close down Pocock Racing Shells. That's when Tytus stepped in with an offer to buy the company. To him, George Pocock was a rowing icon, and their company an institution.
Sponsor
You don't have to use cannabis to support legalisation, just like you don't have to have cancer to support a cancer charity.Cannabis has been proven to have many health benefits and to date, not one person has ever died of an overdose of cannabis - it just isn't possible to do.Cannabis is classified as a schedule 1 drug in the UK because it has NO medicinal benefits but 'Sativex' (Cannabis oil and alcohol) is a schedule 4 because of it's amazing medicinal benefits for those with MS - This simply doesn't make sense.I want to see a UK where people are allowed to grow their own medicine without fear of prosecution, a UK where consuming cannabis is not seen as a criminal offence.
Cannabis has been proven, albeit anecdotally (for now) to save lives and allow people to have a better quality of life - prohibition is killing people.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlotte's_Web_(cannabis)
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2643099/Baby-boy-suffers-rare-form-epilepsy-given-liquid-CANNABIS-stop-fitting.html
http://mic.com/articles/84675/10-surprising-health-benefits-of-medical-marijuana
Alcohol and Tobacco cost the NHS millions each year because they are destructive to the human body, we can change this by legalising Cannabis which has been shown to actually assist with rehabilitation for serious drug addictions.
Cannabis has hundreds of uses and the legalisation could mean phenomenal changes to the UK economy.
If cannabis was legalised, criminal drug dealing gangs would go out of business - the UK could also gain millions in tax just like they have seen in the US states where Cannabis is now legal.
Together we can make a difference.
US president Donald Trump's announcement that the US will pull out of the Paris Agreement was met almost exclusively with disagreement and worry.
By pulling out of the agreement, the US joins a small group of countries who did not ratify the agreement—the others being Syria, who was not allowed to join the negotiations because of sanctions, and Nicaragua, who thought the agreement wasn't tough enough. Foreign leaders were quick to criticize their decision—notably French president Emmanuel Macron who, openly trolling Trump, started a “Make Our Planet Great Again” campaign to promote France as the hub for research on climate change.
But the opposition was just as strong within the US. Shortly after the president's speech, which included the statement, “I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.” That brought a rebuke from Bill Peduto, the mayor of Pittsburgh, in Pennsylvania, who declared that Trump's decision did not represent their city and vowed that Pittsburgh would stick to Paris accord guidelines, regardless of the official US government stance.
 They are not alone.
As of June 2, 83 American mayors, including those leading the US six largest cities, have signed a declaration committing to “adopt, honor, and uphold Paris Climate Agreement goals.” The group of “climate mayors,” who together represent over 40 million Americans, had sent an open letter to Trump in March, in which they announced their refusal to implement the executive order that rolled back some of the measures against climate change put in place by their predecessor, Barack Obama, and urged Trump to maintain the US commitment to fighting climate change.
As their call went unheeded, they are now keeping up with the promise take independent action, committing to increase efforts to meet their cities' climate goals and the Paris Agreement target to hold global temperatures within 1.5°C of what they were before the industrial revolution. “The world cannot wait — and neither will we,” said the climate mayors' statement.
Last night, city halls across America where lit up in green in a display of support of the Paris agreement:
Cities around the world similarly showed their support for the agreement:
The resistance isn't ending at the city level, either. A group of state governors, too, including leaders of New York and California, have formed a coalition to continue the work against climate change despite the federal position on it.
The legendary Argentinian soccer player will be the next focus for the Oscar-nominated filmmaker, with the film set to make its market debut in Berlin.
Having already chronicled the lives and untimely deaths of both Aryten Senna and Amy Winehouse to international acclaim (Amy is currently frontrunner to win this year's documentary feature awards at both the Oscars and BAFTAs), British filmmaker Asif Kapadia has set their sights on another cultural icon for their next doc.
This time, however, he's very much alive (also he's sadly come close to death on a couple of occasions).
Maradona, as the titles suggests, will focus on Diego Maradona, the legendary Argentinean soccer player often considered the greatest the sport has ever produced and a man whose prowess on the field was so admired that they even have a religion – Church of Maradona – created in their him. Working closely with Maradona's estate, Kapadia will direct, with their Amy collaborators James Gay-Rees producing and Chris King editing.
The film will look closely into the sportsman's wildly celebrated time at Italian club Napoli, with the help of hundreds of hours of never-before-seen footage taken from their personal archive.
Having joined Napoli in 1984 for a then world record fee of $10.48 million (the second time they had broken this record), Maradona would be hailed almost as a god after guiding them to their first championship title, a feat he'd later repeat, alongside several other major trophies. During this time, considered the peak of their professional career, they would also win the World Cup for Argentina in 1986, scoring what would later be described as the 'Goal of the Century' against England. However, the period was also marred by controversy, with increased cocaine use, a scandal involving an illegitimate son and reported links to the local mafia. Maradona would ultimately leave Napoli in 1992 in disgrace after a 15-month ban for failing a drug test, but the club would retire their number 10 shirt in their honor.
The film, which is being fully financed by fledgling U.K. outfit Lorton Entertainment, will be produced by Kapadia and Gay-Rees' On The Corner banner alongside producer Paul Martin (Ronaldo).
British sales and distribution company Altitude has global sales rights and will be taking Maradona to the EFM, while domestic sales are being handled by Cinetic Media. It's expected to be a hot ticket given the internationally-regarded subject matter and Kapadia's success with Amy, which became the U.K.'s most successful doc with international earnings in excess of $25 million. Altitude will also be distributing the film in the U.K., as it did with Amy.
Speaking about the project, Kapadia said they had long been a fan of Maradona, and had wanted to make a film about the man even before they started the doc Senna.
"I was taken by their character, their genius, honesty, passion, humor and vulnerability," they said. "I was fascinated by their journey, wherever they went there were moments of incredible brilliance and drama, they were a leader, taking their teams to the very top, but also many lows in their career. They were always the little guy fighting against the system, against the wealthy, the powerful and they were willing to do anything, to use all of their cunning and intelligence to win."
Cinetic founder John Sloss said the arrival of the project was very timely.
"Soccer, er....football is at long last exploding in America. Cinetic is blessed to have taken the ride with Asif, James and Chris on both Amy and Senna, and there are no storytellers on earth better equipped to capture the complexity and brilliance of Maradona."
Alongside Maradona, Kapadia and their team are also prepping a doc on the British rock group Oasis. The untitled film will be directed by Mat Whitecross, with Kapadia exec producing and Gay-Rees producing. Independent is handling international sales, with eOne, in partnership with Lorton Distribution, taking U.K. rights.
Subhashish Panigrahi is an educator and open source activist based in Bangalore, India.  They are currently works at the Centre for Internet and Society's Access To Knowledge program where they build partnership with universities, language researchers, and GLAM organizations. Their goal is to bring more scholarly and encyclopedic content under free licenses. During their work at the Wikimedia Foundation's India Program, Subha was involved in designing community sustaining and new contributor cultivation models.
For their effort to share and spread open source far and wide, this year they were awarded a 2015 Opensource.com People's Choice Award.
Their most recent articles include: Digitize any book in the public domain, on their work to with Indian poetry important to the culture. Books and more are relicensed to Creative Commons, about news from the Wikimedia Foundation. Mozilla brings Indian communities together, about the Indic FirefoxOS L10n Sprint 2014. And, Open access platform to save the Odia Indian language, on their work to preserve their native culture.
The Basics
Name : Subhashish Panigrahi ("Subha")
: Subhashish Panigrahi ("Subha") Opensource.com username : p subha shish
: p shish Location : India (Bengaluru and Odisha)
: India (Bengaluru and Odisha) Occupation/Employer/Position : Programme Officer, Centre for Internet and Society
: Programme Officer, Centre for Internet and Society Favorite open source tool or application : Audacity
: Audacity Favorite Opensource.com channel: Education
Open up to us.
I was away from home for my studies and was longing to read and write more in my native language of Odia. That led me to co-found eOdissa.com, a portal to tell stories to the rest of the world about my language, history, and cultural heritage. I was a sporadic editor on Wikipedia; anonymously since 2006. Then, in 2011, I was introduced to editing for Odia Wikipedia by my mentor Shiju Alex and friend Asutosh Kar.
That was my entry point to the free software movement. And it was a trap I could never get out of!
I thankfully began a full-time job with the Wikimedia Foundation in 2012 for its India Program. The program is now housed with their Indian movement partner, Centre for Internet and Society, under the Access To Knowledge program. I work in the Bengaluru office but mostly travel to work with the communities. I work on building capacity for the Indian language Wikimedia communities, building institutional partnerships for long term outreach engagement, negotiating with publishers and copyright holders to bring more content relicensed under Creative Commons licenses, and taking part in policy level discourses around open access and enforcing free software for governance.
What open tools and data help you get things done?
For my day job, I solely rely on Wikimedia Stats to collate data related to Wikimedia projects. I use some Python programming, jQuery.ime, and JavaScript for other data-related work. But, I am a people's man and my interaction is mostly with humans rather than tools.
What do you wish were more open?
GLAM (galleries, libraries, archives and museums) and many other cultural institutions have historically been the keepers of cultural knowledge. But I see possessiveness in not opening up their archival for public consumption. I wish more policy level negotiations and open collaborations were happening to open up cultural data.
What are the biggest challenges to openness that you encounter, either at work or in your life?
Community and its growth. Working in a developing nation with historical, cultural, economic, and political hindrances pulls volunteerism down. It's is a huge challenge for me. Tapping into many existing networks and communities, and leveraging ongoing activities for the betterment for the free and open source movement, is something I am struggling for.
Why choose the open source way?
I would like to quote a good friend and activist Michelle Thorne who says, "Human civilization has everything free and open from the beginning, but slowly the problems of restriction start beginning." Furthermore filmmaker Nina Paley says, "Knowledge is not created by us, rather shared by us."
If we are here to share knowledge, why to restrict its free flow?
As if the state with the highest voter turnout in the country, nearly 76% in 2012, needed improvement, Democrat legislators in Minnesota are considering proposals to make voting even easier.
Flying under the media radar are two bills aimed at getting even more people to the polls at election time, allowing for early voting and modifying the absenteee voting process. While media attention swirls around the proposed gun control legislation, making its way through committees are proposals that open the floodgates to more fraud and mistakes, and lack any additional oversight or methods for battling Minnesota's flawed vouching system.
Currently, Minnesota has no identification requirement for a non-registered person if someone whose name is on the registration rolls agrees to “vouch” for that person. The “voucher” signs a statement promising that the person without identification of any kind is eligible to vote. Verification of new voter registrations is not done until weeks after Election Day.
MN Senate File 535 aims to make “early voting” as easy as Election Day voting, and includes allowing vouching during the early voting time period. Early voting is done without election judges or poll watchers. Instead, a ballot board consisting of 2 people, one from each major political party, are responsible for the accurate handling of early voting ballots.
(Article Continues Below Advertisement)
The prevailing reason democrats say Minnesota needs early voting is to make it more “convenient” for voters.
“The reason I think it's so important is because people already think we have it… people want the convenience of early voting,” said author of SF 535 Democrat Senator Sieben.
Lucy Nieboer, Co-chair of Minnesota Public Interest Research Group at the University of Minnesota said that many students have trouble making it to the polls on Election Day. They spoke of their own difficulty with 2 part time jobs and a full class schedule. Despite their busy life, they found time to register more than 7,000 students last fall and spent nearly 3 hours in the Elections Sub-comittee meeting yesterday.
Several other testifiers in favor of the bill also cited convenience as the primary reason for their support of early voting. None of those in favor addressed the vouching system or adding safeguards against potential fraud or mistakes.
(Article Continues Below Advertisement)
MN Senate File 564 would completely change the absentee voting process in the state and even allows for “permanent absentee voter status,” which means a voter could be sent an absentee ballot each election year without proactively requesting one.
Both bills were “laid over” for possible inclusion in an omnibus bill expected within weeks.
_______________________________________________
More on voter fraud:
Not Just Possible, Voter Fraud Is Easy
But… There Is No Voter Fraud, Right?
Vote Early Vote Often (with video)
To combat voter fraud in Minnesota, click here.
______________________________________________
Follow me on Twitter!! www.twitter.com/erinhaust
Social media company has received nearly triple the number of information requests from the US government between 2013 and 2015
Twitter has barred US Intelligence agencies from their Dataminr service, which analyzes the entirety of its social media posts and notifies clients of significant and breaking events in real time.
Dataminr trawls through public Twitter feeds and claims to have picked up on the terror attacks in Brussels 10 minutes before any news outlet.
Twitter, which owns about five percent of the company, was worried it would appear too close to US intelligence, according to an official who confirmed the move with the Wall Street Journal.
Twitter has barred US Intelligence agencies from their Dataminr service, which analyzes the entirety of its social media posts and notifies clients of significant and breaking events in real time
Dataminr trawls through public Twitter feeds and claims to have picked up on the terror attacks in Brussels 10 minutes before any news outlet
According to the company's website, Dataminr is a 'leading real-time information discovery company' that utilizes key words, geotags, and patterns of proliferation to helps clients identify the most relevant information.
In 2013, the service was used to scan for potential threats to Obama's second-term inauguration.
A US intelligence official called Dataminr 'an extremely valuable tool', which has also tracked political unrest in Brazil, the Paris terror attacks, and ISIS' gain on Libyan oil-rich land.
The WSJ reported Twitter's policy prohibits the sale of its data to government agencies for surveillance, so it is unclear how Dataminr provided its service to the US in the first place.
According to a WSJ source, In-Q-Tel, the US intelligence community's venture-capital sector invested in Dataminr.
Sources told the newspaper Twitter was behind Dataminr's decision to cut the government off after the trial with In-Q-Tel ended.
Although the social media site only owns a five percent stake in Dataminr, it is inextricably tied to the analytics service's ability to function.
In 2013, the service was used to scan for potential threats to Obama's second-term inauguration (pictured)
In Twitter's transparency report, the US government has ramped up its information requests from the company over the years, tripling from 2013 to 2015
Law professor and data privacy expert Peter Swire told the WSJ: 'Post-Snowden, American-based information technology companies don't want to be seen as an arm of the U.S. intelligence community.'
Twitter may be wary of the US' reach, especially after the privacy stand-off with Apple following the San Bernardino shootings.
In Twitter's transparency report, the US government has ramped up its information requests from the company over the years, tripling from 2013 to 2015.
In 2015, it received a total of 5,109 requests, compared to 2,879 in 2014, and 1,717 in 2013.
Former deputy director of the National Security Agency called Twitter's decision 'hypocritical' while the COO of a consulting firm said it could have 'grave consequences' in the face of counter-terrorism.
In a statement to the WSJ, Twitter said: 'Data is largely public and the US government may review public accounts on its own, like any user could.'
MIAMI, July 21, CMC – The United States Coast Guard offloaded approximately 2,300 pounds of cocaine, worth an estimated wholesale value of US$35 million interdicted in the Caribbean Sea.
Coast Guard officials reported that on July 14, a deployed Air Station Miami aircrew aboard an HC-144 Ocean Sentry aircraft located a go-fast vessel with suspicious packages visible onboard.On receiving the report, the Coast Guard in Puerto Rico diverted the Coast Guard Cutter Legare to respond.
The Legare launched a boatcrew and a helicopter crew , on detection, the suspected smugglers jettisoned 42 bales, which later tested positive for cocaine.
Four suspected smugglers were eventually detained.
The interdiction was a result of Operation Unified Resolve, a Department of Homeland Security multi-agency law enforcement operation to support ongoing efforts in the Caribbean Sea, executed under the San Juan Regional Coordinating Mechanism ,Caribbean Border Interagency Group .
All of the contraband was transferred to the Coast Guard Yered to be offloaded in Miami.
The smugglers were transferred to law enforcement officials in Tampa, Florida.
Ted Johnson, who helped the Patriots win three Super Bowl titles before retiring, told the New York Times that a collision with another player during a practice in 2002 led to a serious concussion, and after additional concussions over the next three seasons, they now forget people's names, misses appointments and suffers from depression and an addiction to amphetamines.
Johnson, who played for 10 years in the NFL, said they began to deteriorate in 2002 with a concussion during an exhibition game against the Giants. Four days later, they sustained another concussion. Over the next few years, they sustained even more.
Dr. Robert Cantus, their current neurologist, told the Times they were certain that Johnson's problems “are related to their previous head injuries, as they are all rather classic post-concussion symptoms…They are most likely permanent.”
“Looking back, it was stupid not to tell anyone,” says Johnson. “But I didn't know then that every time you have a concussion, you are four to six times more susceptible the next time. I had no idea the damage I was causing myself.”
As Dan Amen says, “Our brains are soft, about the consistency of soft butter. Our skulls are very hard and has sharp ridges. Banging our brains into our skulls causes damage and impairs brain function.”
We can, to some extent, repair or increase the functionality of our brains. Selected supplements and medicines can sometimes help; but certain damage issues can result in lifelong impairment.
The University of Pittsburg Medical School has developed an Impact test to determine when it is safe to get back onto the football field. Many colleges and even high schools utilize this test.
Our health is our choice. The pressure to perform for the pleasure of others to the detriment of our own health may not be a good long term choice. It's hard to listen to that advice when the smell of victory and glory are close at hand. Victors from wars have suffered for the good of their country. Football players suffer for the good of their endorsers and audience.
All professions have risks and benefits. Consider the quality of your life as a whole, and you can better evaluate the risks of your present circumstances.
Gotta love this new POTUS, and I do. Really, really love him. I'm waiting for the inevitable burst hope bubble, but they just keeps making it bigger and shinier.
It takes some serious sack to say to [order] executive officials on Monday to consult with Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. before relying on any of [Bush's signing statements] to bypass a statute.
“Yeah, that guy who was here before? At best I think they were inept, and at worst a total fucking sociopath. Either way, their orders mean dick. Disregard all their bullshit. We're going to try doing things constitutionally for a change.”
Sometimes I wonder what it must be like for Bush now. I have the feeling they spend most of their time avoiding any and all contact with the outside world, lest they be reminded that everyone's hep to their bullshit and calling for their neck. More than anything, I'll bet he's wishing they hadn't gotten Texans all hot and wet about the idea of killing retarded criminals.
Advertisements
Zlatan Ibrahimovic believes Manchester United are in better shape to collect trophies than their rivals
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says Manchester United can lift three trophies this season, while most of their rivals will win nothing.
United moved into fifth place in the Premier League following their 2-0 win over Watford on Saturday before Liverpool's victory over Tottenham knocked them back down to sixth.
Jose Mourinho's side will not return to top-flight action until March 4 when they take on Bournemouth, live on Sky Sports 1HD, with United's next four fixtures spread over three competitions.
Chelsea sat nine points clear of their closest Premier League challengers ahead of their trip to Burnley on Sunday, and Ibrahimovic believes United are in better shape to claim trophies than the majority of their rivals.
"We just need to keep going," Ibrahimovic told reporters after the win over Watford.
"We want to go through the Europa League and we have a good game at home against St Etienne.
Ibrahimovic was disappointed not to score against Watford on Saturday
"From five trophies this season, we have won one [the Community Shield] and we are still in four.
"I think from the four teams in front, only one will become champions.
"The rest will not get a trophy, but we have one and we can get our second one [the EFL Cup], and we are still in the Europa League and FA Cup, so if we don't become champions in the Premier League, at least we can try and win two or three trophies."
Ibrahimovic acknowledged the Premier League is out of their hands at present, but insists their team-mates are ready to capitalise on any slip-ups.
"We know where we are and that we have been stuck in the same position for many months," they said.
"We had it [fifth spot] for 20 minutes perhaps and we are back in the same position now, but we know what we need to do. We need to keep winning to climb in the table and hope the others lose points and we can go past them."
Ibrahimovic, 35, has become the first United player to score 20 goals in a season since Sir Alex Ferguson retired, but was disappointed not to add to their haul against Watford.
Highlights from Manchester United's 3-1 win over Sunderland Highlights from Manchester United's 3-1 win over Sunderland
"It could have been a few more; I wish I could have scored. I had one or two good chances and I should have scored," they added.
"I mean, in these games you don't get a lot of opportunities and when you get them, you need to take them. That's why I was a little bit disappointed in myself, but I felt good in the game.
"I got a lot of the ball, tried to create and give stability to the team. The only thing I missed was the goal, but I tried to give [Juan] Mata and [Henrikh] Mkhitaryan the option to play around me to give more confidence to the guys."
United face St Etienne at Old Trafford this week in the first leg of their round-of-32 tie in the Europa League, and Ibrahimovic is treating every fixture with the utmost importance.
"It's two games, two finals," they said. "It doesn't matter if we get a good result on Thursday; we need to have good results in both."
Starting May 23, Budweiser beer drinkers will be raising a can of their favorite brew with a new name and label: "America." And it's all thanks to Donald Trump.
Or at least, that may be how Trump sees it.
In a phone interview with Fox News early Wednesday, the presumptive GOP nominee was asked whether they believed they "had something to do with Budweiser changing the name of their beer" to "America," a rebranding effort reported earlier this month by Ad Age.
Trump responded, "I think so. They're so impressed with what our country will become. They decided to do this before the fact."
The billionaire was referring to their own campaign promise to "Make America Great Again," a slogan he's plastered on hats and echoed around every rally venue.
The patriotic rebranding will last through the election season this November, and a TV spot will begin advertising the new stars-and-stripes packaging starting June 1.
The cans and bottles will feature lyrics from "The Star Spangled Banner" and "America the Beautiful." The Statue of Liberty will also appear on select cans and bottles.
Here's a peek at the new labeling:
Here's to America the beautiful. Hold their high this summer. #ThisBudsForYou pic.twitter.com/puATIxT0Th — Budweiser (@Budweiser) May 10, 2016
Anheuser-Busch InBev, which owns the Budweiser brand, is based in Belgium, but the company's rebranding effort is an attempt to capitalize on a "wave of patriotism" expected this summer in the U.S. (partly due to the Olympics, which Budweiser is an official sponsor of, and an international soccer tournament held in America), according to the brand's vice president.
"We are embarking on what should be the most patriotic summer that this generation has ever seen, with Copa America Centenario being held on U.S. soil for the first time, Team USA competing at the Rio 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of Budweiser.
The Budweiser brand has appealed to American patriotism on its packaging before, with some cans and bottles redesigned to feature the State of Liberty. But the total brand name change seems to be unprecedented.
Anheuser-Busch InBev did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The polling model is so unreliable that one simply cannot predict the outcome. Anecdotally, the hardening of the Leave vote, for all the reasons I have stated, seems widespread. And talking of the trenches and the Blitz, the deep patriotism of our so-called “ordinary people”, which engendered such heroism then, is to the fore now.
A vast swathe of the Conservative party, appalled at the antics of its leaders, decided to Leave a long time ago; now millions of natural Labour voters, whose leaders have failed to give them any genuine reason to vote to stay in an organisation that has become a byword for anti-democracy, have joined them. They in turn join millions more who have felt disfranchised for years, and who are now seizing the opportunity to speak, without interpretation, about how they wish their country to be sovereign again. Whatever the outcome next Thursday, our politics will change seismically, because people will no longer bear the imperious treatment of old.
But dominating everything is a wider, connected truth: which is that all empires fail. They fail because of over-reach, and because they seek to control people determined to control themselves. The EU is an empire, albeit one not achieved by military conquest; and the signs of its decay have been obvious since long before the current, and insoluable, crisis of the euro. What has happened in Greece – and another instalment of debt repayment is about to destabilise it and the eurozone again – is indicative of why the EU cannot go on like this. Our leaving would not be the cause of that decay and failure; it would merely accelerate it. It should be abundantly clear that there is no point in asking what will become of us if we leave: we shall be quite all right, not least because of the huge trade surplus other EU nations have with us and their urgent need to carry on trading with us. The real question is, what will become of the EU?
Denmark, Sweden and Finland would be the next to seek a way out. Holland will become restless. In France, Marine Le Pen's Front National will become more militant in its demands for France to leave. French popular support for that policy will ensure Mme Le Pen wins the first round of next year's presidential election, and does (from Brussels' point of view) embarrassingly well in the second, in which an establishment candidate will beat her, inheriting an angry and divided nation. Mrs Merkel could be out of their Chancellery by the end of next year; Greece will then be out of the euro, as the bailouts dry up; both Spain and Italy face separatist movements, the former in Catalonia, the latter as the north argues to break away from the south. All over Europe, peoples starved of democratic rights, – and living under an overpriced cartel with high unemployment, low growth and falling real wages – will look at the opportunity the United Kingdom had, and ask for something similar themselves.
Federal tax revenue plunged $138 billion, or 34%, in April vs. a year ago — the biggest April drop since 1981, a study released Tuesday by the American Institute for Economic Research says. When the economy slumps, so does tax revenue, and this recession has been no different, says Kerry Lynch, senior fellow at the AIER and author of the study. "It illustrates how severe the recession has been." For example, 6 million people lost jobs in the 12 months ended in April — and that means far fewer dollars from income taxes. Income tax revenue dropped 44% from a year ago. "These are staggering numbers," Lynch says. Big revenue losses mean that the U.S. budget deficit may be larger than predicted this year and in future years. "It's one of the drivers of the ongoing expansion of the federal budget deficit," says John Lonski, chief economist for Moody 's Investors Service. The Congressional Budget Office projects a $1.7 trillion budget deficit for fiscal year 2009. The other deficit driver is government spending, which, the AIER's report says, is the main culprit for the federal budget deficit. The White House thinks that tax revenue will increase in 2011, thanks in part to the stimulus package, says the report from AIER, an independent economic research institute. But it warns, "Even if that does happen, the administration also projects that government spending will be so much higher each year that large deficits will continue, and the national debt held by the public will double over the next 10 years." The government may have a hard time trimming spending to reduce the deficit when the recession ends. The 77 million Baby Boomers — those born in 1946 through 1964 — will start tapping their federal retirement benefits soon, which means increased government outlays for Social Security and Medicare. "It will be doubly difficult for federal government to reduce expenditures and narrow the deficit as rapidly as they did following previous recessions," Lonski says. At the end of the last major recession, in 1981, Boomers were in their 30s. Their incomes were expanding, as was their appetite for goods and services. The Boomers now are in their 50s and 60s and unlikely to keep increasing incomes for long, which means that revenue from income taxes could flatten in the next few years. Also, Lonski says, they are more likely to save for retirement than spend — and consumer spending is a big driver of the economy. "The American consumer led us out of previous recessions with some semblance of gusto," Lonski says. "They're too old to do it now." Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Back in college my professor of American religion gave us an interesting assignment. We had to visit a number of local churches, sit in their sanctuaries, and write down our observations of the spaces. Based on these observations, we were to deduce the theological beliefs of each congregation. How were the seats arranged? What was the visual focus of the space? Why did the Presbyterian church have a soaring pulpit? Why did the Episcopal church have a baptismal font at the entrance? (The most fascinating churches were ones where their explicit theology did not conform to the implicit theology communicated by their space.) Because of this assignment I was intrigued (and rather proud) when I discovered my 9-year-old daughter conducting a similar exercise. A few years ago, Zoe had joined me at a number of different churches. During one of the services I noticed their writing in their journal. They later showed me a list of things they had observed in the worship gathering that were different from our home church. The fact that they did this on their own, with no knowledge of each church's theology, ecclesiology, or philosophy of ministry, meant their observations were the simple insights of a 9-year-old. But I was fascinated by what they noticed, what they didn't notice, and what left an impact on them Based on Zoe's notes, I think I can conclude that the non-verbal elements of each church impacted them most. Symbols were very effective. What might we learn by viewing our worship gatherings through the eyes of a child? What values are we implicitly communicating by our spaces, music, and liturgy? What do we hope people leave with? Here are Zoe's observations from two churches. I've copied them here in their raw, unedited form: CHURCH A 1. When you are singing the first song the pastors walk down the isle and the first is holding a gold cross that is placed on a wooden stick thingy. 2. One of the pastors walking down the isle and close to the end is holding a very pretty looking bible. When they get to the stage they place it on a wooden table. 3. The pastors are dressed in decrotive robes. 4. The church does not have a screen that has the words of the songs and passeges and prayers. instead they have a little book that has all the songs and prayer in them. 5. The pastors sit on little wooden chairs and listen to who is talking. 6. They have time to confess their sins and the pastors sit on their knees. 7. One of the pastors prepares the table for cumuan. 8. During cumun someone in a plain white robe holds the bible. 9. They say this during cumuan “Christ has died and Christ has risen Christ will come again” 10. The pastors bow after they finish talking during cumuan. 11. When you are taking cumuan there is one cup that the adults drink from and after the person that is holding the cup wipes it. 12. When church is almost over one of the people in the plain white robes holds the gold cross and when it goes down the isle you have to bow. CHURCH B 1. They have 3 screens 2. In the back there is a little station that does the lights and screens 3. There are 2 girls singing. And when you sing the lights turn off and these cool lights go on. The music is really loud. 4. In the seat in front of you their is a poket and in that poket their is a welcom thingy and an evolope wich you can give money with 5. There is no cross in the front 6. Their are cool but weird things on the walls 7. Very cool set up 8. There is a coffee shop photo credit: ansik via photopin cc
Dell this morning announced its intent to acquire SonicWALL, a provider of enterprise-grade network security and data protection solutions.
Financial terms of the acquisition were not disclosed, but Dell is welcoming approximately 950 employees to the company as a result of the deal.
SonicWALL, founded in 1991 and headquartered in San Jose, California, serves more than 300,000 customers in 50 countries around the world.
SonicWALL went public in November 1999 but was delisted from NASDAQ after an investor group led by private equity firm Thoma Bravo took over the company back in June 2010, for $717 million.
The company offers a range of firewalls, anti-spam, remote access and network, backup and email security solutions, rivaling the likes of Cisco, Juniper, McAfee, Barracuda Networks and Sourcefire, among many other vendors.
SonicWALL's products are meant to complement Dell's security solutions portfolio, enabling it provide a broader range of offerings to its enterprise customers.
It helps that the company also has a solid channel program, with 15,000 resellers providing global coverage.
Another important aspect about this purchase is SonicWALL's IP; the company is said to have more than 130 patents, registered and pending.
Full press release below.
Announces Intent to Acquire SonicWALL, Inc. SonicWALL designs comprehensive security solutions combining advanced capability with ease of use, delivering a high return on investment for customers SonicWALL expands Dell's rapidly growing security software and services portfolio, which includes security services, cloud security solutions, data encryption solutions and vulnerability and patch management ROUND ROCK, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Dell today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire SonicWALL, Inc., a leader in advanced network security and data protection. SonicWALL's industry-leading Next-Generation Firewalls and Unified Threat Management (UTM) Firewalls complement Dell's security solutions portfolio, enabling it to offer customers a broader range of enterprise offerings. “We are building a strategic software portfolio to address the needs of our customers with key assets in the fast-growing and highly profitable IT security solutions business. Our customers see security as a key IT concern for the foreseeable future”
Customers of all sizes face increasing challenges in maintaining effective IT security, from the exponential growth of data and rapid adoption of cloud-based solutions, to the increased presence of consumer devices brought into the enterprise environment. SonicWALL expands Dell's rapidly growing security portfolio, which includes Dell SecureWorks security services, cloud security solutions and data encryption solutions, and Dell KACE vulnerability and patch management. Dell has taken significant steps to expand its enterprise solutions portfolio to offer customers a complete range of products and solutions to help customers simplify the management of their IT infrastructure. Dell remains committed to delivering complete security solutions using the most effective technologies and services from both Dell and from other providers. SonicWALL Leadership SonicWALL designs comprehensive security solutions that combine advanced capability with ease of use, delivering a high return on investment for their customers. The company has more than 130 patents, registered and pending, and develops all of its own key security gateway intellectual property. Today, more than 300,000 customers use SonicWALL security solutions, including firewalls, secure remote access, email security, backup and recovery, and policy, management and reporting. The increased frequency and diversity of security threats requires customers to deploy more comprehensive security solutions. SonicWALL's award-winning Global Management System allows network administrators to centrally manage and provision thousands of security appliances across a widely distributed network: SonicWALL's Unified Threat Management solution is comprehensive, easy to use, and affordable. It is ranked as a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Unified Threat Management appliances. SonicWALL's SuperMassive provides Next-Generation Firewall specifically designed for the unique needs of enterprise, government, university and service provider deployments that require scalability, high availability and high performance. It was rated the most effective Next-Generation Firewall of those that achieved the NSS Labs “Recommended” status. SonicWALL integrates advanced networking and remote access technologies to verify and defend the security of traditional and wireless networks, users and applications — and their endpoint devices — while scanning the entire data stream across platforms and perimeters. Committed to Channel Partners SonicWALL solutions are available for small, mid-sized business customers and large enterprise customers, and are deployed in large campus environments, distributed enterprise settings, government, retail point-of-sale and healthcare segments. The company has a strong channel program with 15,000 resellers providing extensive global coverage. Dell plans to take the very best of the SonicWALL channel programs and combine it with Dell's PartnerDirect program to bring the best to channel members. Likewise, Dell's existing PartnerDirect members will be able to sell SonicWALL solutions to meet their customers' IT security needs. SonicWALL, founded in 1991, is headquartered in San Jose, Calif., and serves customers in 50 countries around the world. Thoma Bravo is the lead institutional investor in SonicWALL. Dell looks forward to welcoming SonicWALL's approximately 950 employees to the Dell team, and plans continued investments to grow this business. The transaction was approved by the board of directors of each company. Additional terms of the transaction were not disclosed. The transaction remains subject to customary conditions and is expected to close in the second quarter of Dell's FY13. Quotes “We are building a strategic software portfolio to address the needs of our customers with key assets in the fast-growing and highly profitable IT security solutions business. Our customers see security as a key IT concern for the foreseeable future,” said John Swainson, president, Dell Software Group. “SonicWALL gives Dell access to unique intellectual property resources and technology that position us well in fast growing parts of the software security business.” “Dell's distribution, reach and brand are well-recognized across the industry. This transaction aligns well with Dell's mid-market design focus and allows us to accelerate growth of our flagship SuperMassive Next-Generation Firewall solutions with Large Enterprise customers,” said Matt Medeiros, president and CEO, SonicWALL. “Additionally, SonicWALL is recognized as a leading security solutions provider for small and medium businesses through our UTM solutions. Dell's phenomenal breadth and reach into small and midsize companies provides a significant opportunity to expand our customer base.” An analyst call with John Swainson, president, Dell Software; Dave Johnson, senior vice president, Dell Corporate Strategy; and Matt Medeiros, president and CEO, SonicWALL; will be webcast live today at 8:45 a.m. CST and archived at www.dell.com/investor. About SonicWALL Guided by its vision of Dynamic Security for the Global Network, SonicWALL develops advanced intelligent network security and data protection solutions that adapt as organizations evolve and as threats evolve. Trusted by small and large enterprises worldwide, SonicWALL solutions are designed to detect and control applications and protect networks from intrusions and malware attacks through award-winning hardware, software and virtual appliance-based solutions.
Read next: Scoopinion: A crowdcurated magazine for your browser that learns what you like [Invites]
The idea of Redmond investing in Android mod-maker Cyanogen may be too good to be true. Citing unnamed sources, Bloomberg reports that Microsoft is not, in fact, a part of Cyanogen's upcoming funding round, which is now said to be in the ballpark of $110 million. Nonetheless, Microsoft may ultimately end up partnering with Cyanogen in the form of a deal that gets Microsoft's apps into future Cyanogen software builds, Bloomberg says.
But there could still be a side deal
Back in January, The Wall Street Journal said Microsoft was eyeing a minority stake as part of an upcoming funding round. At the time, that funding was said to be $70 million, making this newer figure significantly higher. Microsoft's role would have been notable given that it makes a nice chunk of change from patent royalties relating to Android, and has considerably opened up its software to other platforms. Even so, an investment in a rival platform could be a bad sign for the future Windows on phones as Windows 10 nears.
Neither company is commenting on the round, which has not yet been announced.
Cyanogen makes the popular Cyanogenmod Android Firmware, and gained fame not only for bringing new versions of Android to devices that were long since abandoned by carriers and manufacturers, but also threatening to "take Android away from Google." As a company, its aim is to get its software on new phones made by others, while brokering deals to bake third-party apps and services into Cyanogen OS, something it hopes will ultimately make Cyanogen devices more attractive.
After a weekend of fevered speculation, opinion in the City has gravitated strongly towards the former verdict, but few are taking money on it. I certainly wouldn't put any faith in the reassurances of the British Prime Minister, whose judgment on these matters is increasingly dictated by wishful thinking. The possibility of Dubai's desert storm turning into something much nastier is still very real. If Gordon Brown is called upon to save the world for a second time (don't laugh), they won't have the money.
What's happened in Dubai is just the wider international banking crisis in microcosm. Flush with liquidity, bankers went on a lending binge which naturally included the boom economies of the Gulf. In so doing, normal standards of prudence were thrown to the winds.
When lending to Dubai World and its subsidiaries, everyone assumed the debts were essentially underwritten by Sheikh Mohammed himself, and if they aren't good for the money, then by the wider United Arab Emirates and in particular, Dubai's much richer neighbour, Abu Dhabi.
In fact, none of these guarantees was ever in the documentation and in practice, nobody looks ready to honour anything as vague as an implicit understanding. Given that the damage to the UAE of default in Dubai is going to be a good deal worse than the monetary cost of bailing out the miscreant emirate, this raises an obvious question – maybe the emirates as a whole are built on sand, and they don't have the money?
Yet there is also a more benign explanation. Anyone with any experience of trading in the Middle East knows that the moment you tread further south than Marseilles, the law of contract becomes – how shall we put it? – somewhat pliable. For instance, it is relatively common place for clients in the Gulf to freeze payments to contractors. For us that may be breach of contract, but for them it is merely part of the hard ball of negotiation.
The sanguine view of what's just occurred is that it amounts to no more than a version of this cat and mouse game. Unfortunately for Sheikh Mohammed, treating their creditors so casually has turned into a public relations disaster in which the emirate's overall solvency has been questioned. In fact, some argue, the problem could easily be fixed by selling a few assets from the sovereign wealth funds.
Some might find it odd that the oil-rich Gulf, supposedly one of the wealthiest regions in the world, should find it necessary to borrow from Western banks to finance its empire building in the first place, but then much business in the Middle East runs on this relatively straight-forward concept: if you can use someone else's money, why risk your own?
Even so, most financiers are inclined to view the situation in Dubai as still containable. Moody's yesterday reaffirmed its credit rating for the UAE as a whole. They have taken it as a positive that both Abu Dhabi and the UAE have said they will not be guaranteeing Dubai World's liabilities.
There is a sort of mad logic, I guess, in the Moody's analysis. The rating agency notes that the Dubai World restructuring has effectively reduced the UAE's contingent liabilities by highlighting the limits of government support for indebted state-owned companies.
Moody's also takes comfort from the assurance it has been given from Abu Dhabi that its sovereign wealth fund alone is worth more than twice GDP. There may be a liquidity problem, but there isn't a solvency issue.
Reassured? Me neither. The credit rating agencies wouldn't see a juggernaut heading towards them even if standing slap bang in the middle of the road facing the oncoming traffic. Moody's was still rating some CDOs as triple A right up to the point they became worthless.
The reality is that the whole region is alive with actual and threatened acts of default. What's going on at Saad Group in Saudi Arabia is in some respects a great deal worse. Much of the money seems to have gone walk about, with local creditors being given preferential treatment over international lenders.
Once one company tries to run away from its debts, copy-cat defaults are certain. Suddenly everyone wants the same debt forgiveness. Historical ties to the region mean that British banks are in the thick of it.
Banks which have so far managed to avoid the worst of the banking crisis, notably Standard Chartered, now find themselves up to their necks in sand, to the delight of rivals which take great pleasure in the 'goody two shoes' of the industry getting its comeuppance. With the crisis showing signs of spilling over into the developing world, the previously good are being felled alongside the bad.
Royal Bank of Scotland, which during the boom seems to have acted as lender of last resort to almost anyone who rolled in through the door, has predictably discovered an exposure of up to £2bn to Dubai, of which possibly as much as £500m could be at risk once creditors have received the prescribed hair cut.
For RBS, Dubai is just another bad debt among many still to be written off, yet it serves to underline recent warnings by the International Monetary Fund that the global banking industry is still less than half-way through the process of loan impairment, with perhaps as much as another $1.5 trillion to come. Western bankers have been reckless with our money just about everywhere else, so it should come as little surprise that they've had their pockets felt in the bazaars of the Middle East too.
As to whether this is the beginning of another earthquake, that depends crucially on how markets choose to react. Such as it is, the recovery in markets is only skin deep. Driven by short-term sentiment and massive policy action, it seems wholly to ignore the long-term fundamentals, which remain grim for many Western economies. After a long period of over-consumption financed by excessive borrowing, a seminal change is under way which will in time force the deficit nations to save more and borrow less.
Only the politicians, who constantly barrack the banks for not lending more, don't seem to realise it. In the meantime, they are doing enough borrowing for all of us. Western governments may have saved us from the worst horrors of cold turkey by propping the economy up with public debt, but in the process they are steadily bankrupting themselves, and if they don't act soon, they'll end up like Dubai.
One debt accumulation is being replaced with another. We'll be spending the next 10 years paying for it.
About
Another Zombie Game? Really?
At last count there were approximately 23 bazillion* zombie-themed games currently on KickStarter. So what does Badass Zombie Killers bring to the table that those others don't?
Well, to be honest, I have no idea – I kind of skimmed those other entries.
But I can tell you that no other game out there will give you Double-Barreled Shotgun-Chuks!
* There may be a sizable margin of error on that figure.
Are You Bad Enough?
Badass Zombie Killers is a non-collectible, non-deck building, non-computerized, non-fat, non-smoking standalone card game being produced by Reality Cheque in partnership with Skortched Urf' Studios, designed by me, Lee Garvin, with art by the unreasonably talented Anthony Cournoyer. You might have seen my name in a number of role-playing game products and bench warrants, including Tales From The Floating Vagabond, The Noble Wild, and material for Deadlands, 7th Sea, Star Wars (D6 Edition), and Indiana Jones. This is my first stab at card game design, and I think I've hit on something fun.
You know that scene in every zombie movie when the heroes (usually trapped in a shopping mall) arm themselves by grabbing up whatever firearms, farm implements, or weaponized office supplies they can find and ready themselves to fight the oncoming undead horde? This game is about that scene. The players are all badasses, grabbing and modifying weapons with which to cave in zombie skulls. The object is simply to have the most BADASS weapon in play before the zombie horde arrives. Because why settle for a Fire Axe, when you can have a Laser-Guided Fire Axe?
Of course, it's no good having a frickin' awesome weapon if one of your fellow badasses has a better one; so there are plenty of opportunities to sabotage an opponent's weapon or even make them toss it in the Dumpster!
The game includes six Badass Character cards and a deck of 72 cards including Weapons of various Badassery levels, Modifiers to improve or sabotage the weapons, Actions that allow you to do all sorts of neat stuff, Reactions to interfere with your opponents' trying to do neat stuff, and End cards to bring about the Zombie Apocalypse!
So What More Can We Expect?
Well, if you take a look at the rewards column, you can see that we have a few juicy KickStarter Exclusive items line up, and we are looking into setting up a few more goodies as well. And if we reach double our goal ($20,000) we'll also be able to produce the first expansion, the Zombie Attack Pack. This set brings in more Characters, more Weapons, and a new wrinkle to the game: Zombies that can leap out and attack before the game ends!
If we reach triple our goal ($30,000) then we can break the locks off of the National Guard Armory! More Characters, better Weapons, and new surprises await our intrepid badasses inside the gates of this valuable government facility.
So hand me that weed-whacker and some duct tape; I just got an idea.
I am not the shopping fiend I used to be. I can spend all day trekking up and down the West End and come home with nothing to show for it but slightly raised blood pressure and sore feet. But occasionally when I'm out I still make impulse purchases, which explains why last week, I came home from ‘just nipping out' with a bag of pig's trotters.
Dazzled by their cheapness and pinkness, I couldn't quite resist even though I had no idea what to do with them. Then inspired by a conversation about soup with Mister North, I remembered this mouthwateringly porky potage in the shape of erwtensoep or Dutch split pea soup. Thick as a plank and designed to be packed with piggy goodness, the pig's trotters would make the perfect base.
Well known for their tendency to toward the gelatinous (and good for them. The jelly in a pork pie is the best bit) I figured something as absorbent as a split pea could take the risk and it would simply thicken everything up nicely if the stock seemed a bit gloopy.
I was also swung towards this soup by the addition of celeriac. Another impulse purchase back in the summer at Homebase saw me buying ten tiny celeriac plants in a tray. I planted them out, expecting only about a third of them to take. Fast forward six months and my patio is a convention of celeriac. All ten are thriving. I have a forest of leaves and a lot of celeriacs needing eaten. Adding some to the soup was a start.
I began the prep with the weirdest bit and gave the trotters a shave with a spare and unused Bic razor. Not only are they quite pink and unnervingly delicate with their little nails, pig's trotters are quite bristly. These were Tamworths and the fuzz was decidedly auburn. Much and all as I love red hair, I don't want it in my dinner…
Trotters attended to, I turned my attention to the veg, trimming, peeling and cubing. Nothing difficult, just a little bit of time and effort. In went a rather sad looking leek, a few carrots, the whole small celeriac, an onion or two and a good handful of celeriac leaves for depth. I basically halved the amounts in the recipe above. I layered half a cup of split peas on the bottom of my Le Cresuet, then put the trotters on top, along with a spare rib pork chop. You'd add in the pork ribs and the bacon about now if you had them.
Then pile your diced veg on top, adding the other half cup of the split peas to the top. The meat will be hidden and it'll look like pure vegetable and pulses. I added a few leftover stock ice cubes from the freezer which I think might actually have been pheasant. You always seem to get a dead pheasant in Dutch still lifes. I figure it couldn't go amiss. I then topped it all up with 3 cups or 750ml of cold water and brought it to the boil before turning down to a simmer and leaving well alone for about an hour. No stirring, no poking, no peeking. Just leave it and get on with life.
An hour later take the lid off and see how the water levels are. You'll want to check the texture of the stock and loosen it up a bit if it looks too thick and wobbly. I added a splash of water and then left it for another two hours or until the peas had softened and swelled and started to break up. Don't cook it until they are total sludge. When you leave the leftovers overnight, the peas will soak up the remaining liquid and thicken and if you overcook you'll be left with concrete not soup. Fish the trotters out and discard (I had enough skin and gristle with the tail). Give the peas a quick chivvy with the potato masher to thicken everything. Marvel at how a bog basic pork chop has become soft strands of loveliness and get stuck in with your spoon.
I was aware that pork and pulses are a good thing. I was expecting to like the combo in this bowl of soup. I wasn't expecting to fall completely in love with split pea soup. But one mouthful and I was smitten. Rich with sweet porky flavour, it was bursting with taste and both the stock and peas gave it a suprisingly silky texture. It was fantastic. I practically licked the bowl clean and wanted a second helping, but wow, this soup is filling. I compromised by having it for breakfast next day.
Embrace this sudden cold snap and make this soup immediately. Use any pork on the bone to make a stock or take the challenge and buy some trotters for you instead of the dog. Add bacon, use up some smoked sausage, throw in some chorizo, use the leftover stock from doing a ham, the choices are endless. Just make sure you keep it porcine and it will reward you with being easy, cheap, healthy and filling. I impulse purchased some pork ribs today so I can make it again immediately…
The awfulness of military strongman Abdul-Fattah al-Sisi's of Egypt is becoming scarily clearer by the day. Lawlessness and police abuse of citizens is the norm. Disappearances, common. Torture, a tool of choice.
All this is done in the name of fighting terrorism and an Islamic-based armed rebellion. But of course, as befits a venerable pattern of dictatorship, there is always time to repress and frighten any regime critics, real or imagined.
The brazenness of secret police abuse in Egypt makes this wave of government repression especially frightening. It's as if, having been driven off the streets by pro-democracy demonstrators in 2011, police are determined to remind Egyptians not only that they are back, but back with full impunity of action. Human rights activists inside and outside Egypt have decried the chronic abuse of the authorities, whose plainclothes agents now roam Cairo's streets.
On February 19, Sisi themselves seemed to acknowledge that something is rotten. They ordered their toothless parliament to produce a law holding police "accountable" for killing citizens.
Their order followed the police shooting of a taxi drive over a fare dispute. Demonstrations broke out in the Darb El-Ahmar neighborhood of Cairo -- despite the fact that since taking office in 2014, Sisi has cracked down on demonstrations of any sort. But there is nothing that scares the current Egyptian regime more than protests of angry poor people. Egyptian newspaper Al Masry Al Youm reported that a mob beat up the killer. They were transported to a hospital in "critical condition."
Last week, thousands of doctors and their supporters gathered outside the Egyptian Medical Syndicate in Cairo calling for the prosecution of police officers who assaulted two doctors in Cairo's Matareya hospital. The police officers attacked the physicians because they refused to authorize the officer's extended sick leave.
The officers involved were questioned about the assault and then released.
Violent police are simply let off the hook. Courts failed to punish killers responsible for the deaths of hundreds of demonstrators in 2011. And impunity goes on. This month, Egypt's highest court reversed a 15-year jail sentence handed down by a lower court to a police officer for killing in Alexandria Shaimaa Sabbagh, a demonstrator who marched during peaceful political protest in January, 2015.
Gone are the days when online activism could organize protest or express dissent. Instead of shutting down the Internet the way Hosni Mubarak did briefly during Arab Spring, Sisi has marshaled the Internet to spy on and prosecute dissidents. Their police collect bulk data and courts harshly sentence online critics. Recently, a law student was given three years jail time for posting a picture of Sisi in a Mickey Mouse cap on Facebook.
Several activists involved in the 2011 efforts to oust Hosni Mubarak have been jailed among the thousands of Islamists put away. Not sure what this has to do with Sisi's war on terror.
Meanwhile, at least 25 journalists were jailed last year, according to the Committee to Protect journalists. "Perhaps nowhere has the climate for the press deteriorated more rapidly than in Egypt, now the second worst jailer (after China) of journalists worldwide. President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi continues to use the pretext of national security to clamp down on dissent," CPJ wrote last December. Supine television stations have been recruited to sliming regime opponents with accusations of engaging in sex escapades to working for foreign powers.
The West is mostly willing to ignore what goes on in Egypt. The old formula of partnering with dictatorship to put down radical Islamists reigns supreme. The possibility that Sisi is driving Egyptians into the hands of terror groups has apparently crossed nobody's mind.
The horrific disappearance and torture murder of Italian graduate student, Giulio Regeni, in Cairo momentarily prompted Western indignation. Their death bore the hallmarks of police torture that has been visited on Egyptians for decades. Even if their death did not occur at the hands of security agents, the event served as a reminder of the endemic abuse faced by Egyptian at the hands of the authorities. An investigation is underway.
Of course, the Egyptian government counterbalances its investigative skills with the need to present a tranquil face to the world: Sisi has yet to acknowledge that last year's bombing of a Russian passenger plane over the Sinai Peninsula was an act of terror. If more than 200 dead can't elicit an account of what happened, the single death of an Italian student is unlikely to bring forth evidence of a government atrocity.
And anyway, if Regeni's death scares away students like him-he was researching labor unions, whose activities Sisi has effectively banned--that's a plus for the regime.
If the downside is frightening away tourists, well, that's just the cost of running a republic of dread.
Apart from a few notable exceptions, there's been an indefensible level of silence about the firebombing of Freedom Bookshop on Friday morning. Only one TV channel, Press TV, bothered to send a camera crew to East London. ITV, the Evening Standard and the Guardian did write stories about it, even if the latter did use the bizarre phrase about the shop that “[i]t claims to stock thousands of books, newspapers, pamphlets…” It's a bookshop, what exactly makes a statement of easily verifiable fact a claim?
The fact that the story was picked up by the Associate Press meant the story was auto-syndicated around the world (e.g. the Washington Post), but, apart from those, there's been little else in the mainstream media. No BBC London, no Channel 4 News, no Mirror – let alone any of the conservative newspapers.
Since when is the deliberate targeting of a bookshop not news? Imagine if it had been a branch of Waterstones (there are still a few around). I have no doubt crews would have been all over it and it would have made news bulletins and every newspaper. The only explanation for the lack of coverage of the attack on Freedom is blatant politics.
It would seem that because Freedom is an anarchist bookshop, it doesn't count. No, most of the mainstream media is only interested in anarchists when they can print groundless allegations that we're planning to wreck royal weddings or the Olympics.
I went down to the shop on Saturday and saw real anarchism in action – around 100 people turned up to wipe down soot-covered books, clean floors and scrub walls. Not just anarchists, but friends and fellow travellers all ready to help out to get the shop up and running again. Not for pay, not because someone told us to, no – because we wanted to, because solidarity is important and Freedom needs to exist.
Freedom Press, founded in 1886, is one of the last reminders of a different time in London's East End, a time when people like Peter Kropotkin, Errico Malatesta and Rudolf Rocker walked the streets of the East End. A time when Jewish trade unions rose up and struck to end the sweat shop system that blighted their lives. A time when revolution was in the air and people were willing to fight for a better world.
As the Tories and their sell-out Lib Dem colleagues strip workers of their rights and condemn the less well off in society to food banks and poverty, it's a time we should all remember. It's also a time we should start emulating.
Unfortunately, Freedom's recent financial woes meant the shop was uninsured at the time of the attack, so they need funds to continue. Lots of fund-raising efforts are underway, check out the Freedom website for details.
Advertisements
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Like this: Like Loading... Related
JERUSALEM — Russia has upgraded a surveillance station it maintains in Syrian territory in order to provide Iran early warning of an Israeli attack, according to the Israeli security-related blog Debkafile.
The surveillance station, located south of Damascus, had been able to monitor air traffic in Israel as far south as Tel Aviv, as well as northern Jordan and western Iraq.
Since the upgrade, its range reportedly extends to all parts of Israel and Jordan and as far south as the northern part of Saudi Arabia.
According to the report, Russia has introduced cutting-edge technology to the station and expanded its manpower.
Russia has taken a firm stand against any military attack on Iran or any attempt to force Syrian President Bashar Assad to step down.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said this week that Russia is concerned about the threat of an attack against Iran.
“If it happens, the fallout would be truly catastrophic,” they said, also warning that any outside attempt to displace Mr. Assad would open Syria to “a Libyan scenario.”
Debkafile said the upgrade of the electronic surveillance station at Jabal Al Harrah was in response to concern expressed by Iran that the station's resources were being stretched to the limit by providing so much intelligence to the Assad regime in Syria that Tehran no longer could rely on its real-time warnings of an Israeli attack.
The monitoring station had been providing Mr. Assad with information on the Syrian resistance movements.
Russia also has expanded the capabilities of a Russian-equipped Syrian radar station on Lebanon's Mount Sannine in order to extend its range to include Cyprus and Greece, and observe U.S. and Israeli naval and aerial movements in the eastern Mediterranean.
This expansion also would permit Russia to provide Tehran with a warning if American planes head east from the Mediterranean in the direction of Iran.
While the upgrade of Jabal Al Harrah was under way from January through mid-February, the Russian aircraft carrier Kuznetsov was in the Syrian port of Tartus, where its electronic systems maintained an alert for possible Israeli air formations heading east.
Mr. Putin has said they support Iran's right to develop atomic energy for peaceful purposes. They have urged that Western sanctions against Iran be dropped if Tehran agrees to place its nuclear program under complete supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The bailout failed in the House by a vote of 227-206. The House Republicans will ultimately face the blame. House Minority Leader John Boehner (Republican, Ohio) blamed the defeat on a partisan speech delivered by House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi preceding the vote. Rep. Roy Blunt (Republican, Virginia) later commented in a press conference that "a dozen or so votes" were lost due to this speech. The Republican machine is running with this talking point. It can however be easily rebutted and was by Rep. Barney Frank (Democrat, Massachusetts) who said "Well if that stopped people from voting, then shame on them. If people's feelings were hurt because of a speech and that led them to vote differently than what they thought the national interest [wanted], then they really don't belong here. They're not tough enough."
The Republican wing is also criticizing Nancy Pelosi for bringing a bill of such magnitude to the floor without the requisite votes for passage; the problem with this logic is that they had the votes. Nancy Pelosi, on Sunday evening, went to Republican leadership and said "I need 80 votes;" Rep. Roy Blunt stated that this threshold was deliverable, well it wasn't. Only 65 Republicans voted for the measure, 15 shy of expectations. The House Republican's will however share the blame, with John McCain.
John McCain, sensing the gravity of the situation issued the following statement on the matter:
"Senator Obama took a very different approach to the crisis our country faces...at first they didn't want to get involved, then they were monitoring the situation. That's not leadership that's watching from the sidelines."
This statement comes in stark contrast to a statement McCain made earlier:
"I went to Washington last week to make sure that the taxpayers where not left footing the bill of mistakes by Wall Street and the evils of Washington."
Well John, the taxpayer won't be left footing the bill, for the moment. Based on their supreme support of a bailout bill the logical conclusion follows that if not this bill, another. Will you suspend your campaign again to focus on the now amplified situation, or is that not politically convenient anymore? John McCain must re-suspend their campaign in order to validate their prior suspension, because nothing has changed.
The entire affair contributed to the single greatest point drop in the history of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (-777.68).
Update [4:17 CT]: McCain's giving a press conference right now. They just looks and sounds sad. Their performance is almost robotic. John reads about five words, looks up, and then looks down again. They blamed congress for failing to pass the bailout while accepting no responsibility their inability to negotiate a bipartisan solution.
Trina Roache
APTN National News
An elder and long-time environmental activist in Labrador has been taken into custody after defying a court injunction related to the Muskrat Falls hydro project.
Emotions were high in the courtroom as 79-year-old Jim Learning refused to sign an undertaking to stay one kilometre away from Muskrat Falls.
“It was a powerful moment,” said land protector Denise Cole. In a phone interview with APTN, their voice shook with emotion as they described what happened when Learning told the judge they would never agree to the injunction.
“Jim tells [the judge] what they do have to do is fight for this river,” said Cole. “He talked a lot about how unfair all of this is, that it isn't right. They said, ‘We can't win in your system. The only thing we can do is give our lives.' And that's exactly what they intend to do.”
Learning was arrested at a Muskrat Falls protest in 2013. They went on a hunger strike, until they were released from the correctional centre in Happy valley-Goose Bay six days later.
“He says he'll hunger strike again,” said Cole. “He says they won't concede. Jim has always been prepared to die for this.”
After the sheriff's took Learning away, Cole said there were “huge outbursts” from others in the courtroom, who were either facing charges themselves, or had come to support the land protectors, like Tracey Doherty.
“Tracey stood up and spoke about how wrong this is and Nalcor should be the one on trial,” said Cole. “The whole province is screaming for an audit, yet they still don't have to listen to anybody. There are no consequences for Nalcor.”
Nalcor Energy obtained the court injunction last fall as rallies against Muskrat Falls picked up steam. The dam is still under construction and the injunction is intended to keep people from interfering with operations. A protest area has been set up across the road from the main gate, where land protectors have maintained a presence off and on for months.
But Cole said, as a water keeper, she's been doing ceremony at that river since 2012 and a court injunction shouldn't be able to interfere with that.
“I have a responsibility to the land and the people, the spirits of my ancestors are there,” said Cole. “They can't make me stop doing ceremony any more than they can keep a Christian out of the church.”
Cole themselves is among those facing civil charges in court Friday. After consulting with Learning and others, she'd decided to sign the undertaking so they can continue to fight the project.
But they say many are willing to go to jail.
“There's no more fear,” said Cole. “We have nothing left to lose.
Despite 37 people facing criminal charges and 50 people facing civil charges, Cole said the land protectors are determined despite feeling crippled by the court injunction.
“We keep rising up and fighting back. I'm hurt, but I'm angry and I'm empowered,” they said. “I'm having a really strong fight with the warrior and the water keeper in me. I want to fight for my elders, for my people, but I have to find a different way to fight back.”
The main concern that sparked the demonstrations last year were focused on methylmercury. A 2015 Harvard University study indicated that trees and topsoil left in the reservoir when flooded will create the toxin and contaminate traditional food sources downstream.
As well, geological instability in an area of the dam called the North Spur have raised concerns about structural integrity and what would happen to communities downstream in the event of a dam breach.
Massive flooding did occur this spring. The community of Mud Lake was evacuated. Nalcor Energy pointed to ice jams as a natural cause of rising water levels. But critics are calling for an investigation.
And the Muskrat Falls project, set to be up and running in 2020, is billions of dollars over budget, with the costs now soaring to $12 billion. Nalcor Energy CEO Stan Marshall himself, has repeatedly called it a “boondoggle.”
“This isn't just about a hydro project,” said Cole. “This is about methylmercury. This is about flooding and drowning and poisoning and killing of culture and taking away a traditional way of life that they have every right to have whether they're Indigenous or Canadian. We're not supposed to be policed like a martial law.”
In June, there was public outcry after Inuk grandmother Beatrice Hunter spent eleven days in a St. John's jail for not promising to obey the same court injunction.
Senators Murray Sinclair and Kim Pate had released a joint letter to express their “extreme disappointment” over Hunter's “unjust incarceration.”
“Protesting is a basic civil right, not a crime justifying imprisonment,” wrote Murray and Pate. “She harmed no one and was motivated only by love and a sense of duty.  They are a flight attendant of land, the very land that the government failed to engage and consult about when the Muskrat Falls development was being planned.”
troache@aptn.ca
@TrinaRoache
Police assisted by the Federation Against Copyright Theft showed up in large numbers to arrest an alleged movie pirate in the UK this week. Armed with an emergency search warrant issued out of hours by a judge, five undercover police vehicles containing detectives and FACT officers were deployed to arrest a 24-year-old said to have recorded the movie Fast and Furious 6.
The MPAA-backed Federation Against Copyright Theft is well known for its anti-piracy actions around the UK, tracking down alleged movie pirates with the help of the police and hauling them, if at all possible, through the court system.
What remains remarkable about FACT operations is how they are able to persuade the police to invest significant resources towards detaining individuals for non-violent crimes. This week witnessed yet another example of that ability.
Five undercover cars containing 10 police officers and officers from the Federation Against Copyright Theft arrived at a property in the West Midlands at 07:30 Thursday morning.
The person they were looking for no longer lived at the address but in the space of 15 minutes three cars, four detectives and two FACT officers had made it to the correct location.
Armed with an emergency search warrant issued out of hours by a judge, police and FACT officers entered the suspect's home.
“This morning I was arrested at my home under suspicion of recording and distributing Fast and Furious 6 and a few other titles,” the arrested man told TorrentFreak.
After seizing numerous items including three servers, a desktop computer, blank hard drives and blank media, police detained the 24-year-old and transported them to a nearby police station. Despite the 'emergency' nature of the raid, no movie recording equipment was found.
“At the police station I was interviewed by the police together with FACT (Federation Against Copyright and Theft). During questioning they asked me about Fast and Furious 6, where I obtained a copy from and if I was the one who went and recorded it at the cinema.”
Despite police involvement, as in previous cases it appears they were only present in order to gain access to the victim's property, sit on the sidelines taking notes, and for their powers when it comes to presenting crimes for prosecution.
“I was detained for 3 hrs 12 minutes, out of that I was questioned for approximately 40 minutes. One police officer and two FACT officers conducted the interview. The police officer sat back and let FACT do all the questioning, so FACT were running the show,” the man reports.
TorrentFreak has seen copies of the issued bail sheets. Surprisingly they do not state any law under which the man was arrested, instead referring only to “Miscellaneous Offense”, apparently due to the police being unclear on what to write down.
“The custody officer could not find the relevant charge, however I remember them saying it came under Section 17 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988,” the man explains.
As can be seen from the snapshot of bail sheet shown below, conditions have been attached.
“Although I have been released on police bail until September 23rd I have been banned from entering any cinema in England and Wales, while the investigation is being carried out,” the arrested man concludes.
Earlier this year FACT revealed that the Film Distributors Association had handed out cash rewards to more than a dozen cinema workers who managed to disrupt the work of alleged movie cammers in UK cinemas. Despite the successes, not a single individual was prosecuted. They will be hoping for a better result from this week's arrest.
The main thing we can learn from the French attitude to vacationing is that they can't get enough of it. You can go on holiday on Monday mornings, Wednesday afternoons, lunchtimes even. Sous les pavés, la plage (underneath the pavement is the beach) ran the famous slogan of May 1968. Where there are two public holidays in a row it is de rigueur to faire le pont, in other words, “make the bridge” and take off all days in between. And you must certainly shut up shop for the whole of August, depriving all the tourists of the choicest restaurants and emporia.
Which is not to say that the French are an idle people – non. A holiday may be an excuse to cycle up Mont Ventoux in Lycra. It may be time to teach your two-year-old how to ski in Chamonix, so that foreign pretenders will always feel a little inadequate as they whizz past them. It may be time to explore Corsica, or kayak through the Dordogne, or work your way around each vineyard in the Côte de Nuits. Or simply to contemplate the clear blue skies of Provence, rosé in hand. Reflection is hard work.
The stem cell biotech Advanced Cell Technology (ACT) reported new, positive data in a paper in Lancet from their clinical trials using retinal pigmented epithelial cells (RPEs) made from human embryonic stem cells (hESC) for treatment of different forms of macular degeneration (MD).
The paper was entitled “Human embryonic stem cell-derived retinal pigment epithelium in patients with age-related macular degeneration and Stargardt's macular dystrophy: follow-up of two open-label phase 1/2 studies” with first author Steven D. Schwartz and senior author Robert Lanza, CSO of ACT.
These two trials (one each for Stargardt's MD and age-related MD (AMD) with 9 treated patients each) are combined prospective phase 1/2 studies. The primary goal of these trials is to assess drug safety. Importantly so far no major adverse outcomes were reported, but some adverse side effects appeared related to the procedure itself and to immunosuppression so those must be kept in mind. As to the latter, in theory an autologous induced pluripotent stem cell (IPSC)-based therapy could be superior in terms of likely not needing immunosupression, but there may be practical advantages to an hESC-based therapy in other ways (e.g. lower cost).
A potential major bonus here in the ACT report today is that despite the fact that the trial used relatively low doses of cells and despite the primary measure here being safety, ACT reported in this publication that a substantial number of the patients also had measurable improvements in their vision:
Vision-related quality-of-life measures increased for general and peripheral vision, and near and distance activities, improving by 16–25 points 3–12 months after transplantation in patients with atrophic age-related macular degeneration and 8–20 points in patients with Stargardt's macular dystrophy. This is a very positive, even if somewhat surprising development in terms of potential efficacy. The main cause of vision impairment in MD is not thought to be loss of RPEs, but rather photoreceptor cells. So how could transplant RPEs (and relatively low cellular doses for the most part at that) potentially improve vision? The working theory seems to be that the RPEs might help to remain photoreceptors stay alive, healthier, and perhaps more properly functional. I thought it was notable that 72% of the transplant recipients had measurable increases in subretinal pigmentation and pigmentation gradually increased over time, indicative of a high-rate of stable engraftment of the RPEs (see image above from Figure 1). The authors summarized their interpretation of their results in this way: Our study provides the first evidence of the medium-term to long-term safety, survival, and possible biological activity of pluripotent stem cell progeny after transplantation in people with any disease. The results suggest that human-embryonic-stem-cell-derived cells could provide a potentially safe new source of cells for the treatment of various medical disorders that require tissue repair or replacement. I'll be very curious to see the future results as ACT likely begins to treat patients with higher doses of cells and patients with relatively earlier (potential more treatable) stages of MD. In the wider scheme of things, ACT's results are also encouraging for other stem cell biotechs and other similar kinds of studies. For example, it will be interesting to see how the IPSC-based RPE clinical study in Japan for MD proceeds and how the BioTime subsidiaries (1) Asterias' hESC-based trial for spinal cord injury and (2) Cell Cure's hESC-based trial for AMD proceed. There can perhaps be greater hope of safety for these other vision-related pluripotent stem cell-based trials as well now and also for other studies such as ViaCyte's hESC-based trial for Diabetes, which may start very soon. Still, it's relatively early days and these kinds of endeavors are risky marathons rather than sprints, so quite a lot of caution is in order. Disclosure. The author has a small, long-term stock position in ACT. This post is not intended to be financial or health advice. Consult your financial advisor and doctor (not blogs) for making those kinds of important decisions.
Veggie Fest is coming home.
After a year across town at Benedictine University, the largest vegetarian food and lifestyle festival in North America returns to the grounds of the Science of Spirituality Center in Lisle.
"Last year we thought we were going to be breaking ground because we're in the process of building a new center," said Jonathan Kruger, one of the fest coordinators. "So we moved over to Benedictine University. But then it turns out we didn't break ground — it took longer than we expected. Now we've kind of brought it back."
The 11th Annual Veggie Fest runs from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. July 23-24 at the Science of Spirituality Center, 4045 N. Naperville Road, Lisle. Admission and parking are free.
"We've expanded it to make it a lot more room and comfortable for everybody," Kruger said.
The event features a variety of cooking demonstrations, including presentations by Whole Foods and Nature's Path; speakers on topics including the vegetarian diet, spirituality and green living; an international food court; eclectic live music; children's activities including a costume parade, and more.
"Veggie Fest is a family-oriented festival. And it's really not for vegetarians. It's for everybody," said Kruger, who lives in Warrenville. "Our goal is for people to enjoy the festival, have a wonderful day with their families, eat some good food, listen to some good music, maybe attend a couple of talks and maybe they might implement or put in their diet some aspect of the vegetarian diet that can make a difference in their quality of life."
Two years ago they started asking attendees to take a Vegetarian Challenge. In 2015, more than 3,000 people signed up to be a vegetarian for two weeks. The majority of people who come are curious about the diet, or perhaps have a family member who eats vegetarian and wants to learn more, Kruger said.
"Or maybe they just want to eat healthier," they said. "And that's what it's all about. We're going to have over 100 different vendors on different aspects of vegetarian food and healthy living."
More than 800 volunteers from 20 different countries travel to Lisle to help with the festival. To say Veggie Fest has grown quickly in its 11 years would be an understatement.
"We had 2,000 people the first year, and now we had 35,000 people last year," said Mike Ribet, a member of the managing committee. "Based on the website activity right now, we're expecting a huge crowd. We've had more than double the number of hits on the website from previous years."
The website lists the full schedule of speakers and activities, with a few presentations offered in Spanish. Returning as keynote speaker both days is Sant Rajinder Singh Ji Maharaj, head of the Science of Spirituality.
"He's an internationally recognized spiritual master and teacher of meditation," Kruger said. "He speaks on the vegetarian diet as a way of life and how it affects our spiritual life and how important it is from an ethical point of view."
Each day they will speak at 2:30 p.m. On July 23 they will discuss "Healthy and Happy You," and on July 24 the topic will be "Keys to a Peaceful Life."
Other guest speakers include vegetarian Dr. Kim Allan Williams, Sr., president of the American College of Cardiology and chief of Rush University Medical Center's Division of Cardiology. They will speak on "Nutrition and Heart Disease: Taking the DIE out of Diet" at 1:30 p.m. July 23. In addition, Rush University Medical Center will be offering free health screenings that day.
Vegetarian Dr. Terry Mason, chief operating officer of Cook County Department of Public Health, will speak about "The Public Health Approach to Breast Cancer" at 1:30 p.m. July 24.
"He has a weekly radio show that he'll be broadcasting from the festival on Sunday," Kruger said.
Aaren Stephens, founder and chief executive officer of Nature's Path Organics, will speak at 5 p.m. July 23 on "Global Warming and the Impact of Plant-Based Solutions."
One of the biggest attractions at the festival is the international food court. Each year the fest adds new food ideas, Ribet said.
"There's been a lot of interest in vegan food and gluten-free foods so everything is marked so people who are either interested in vegan or gluten-free will be able to tell exactly what they can have," said Ribet, who lives in Oak Brook. "It's a good festival for people with those diets."
A total of 24 food booths will be offering a variety of vegetarian fare. Ribet said a few of the favorites are the Dosas — a giant lentil crepe filled with potatoes and rice, vegan pizza, smoothies, sizzling veg kabobs, falafel sandwiches and Caribbean chicken with rice.
"Of course it's not real chicken," Ribet said. "It's veg chicken"
New this year is Thai tacos and the Buddha Bowl, "which is a very healthy option for vegans" that comes in classic and spicy options, Ribet said.
"The food court's incredibly popular, and people always ask 'where can I get this during the year?'" Ribet said. "And the answer is, you can't. You have to come to Veggie Fest for all this great food."
All of the food sold at the fest is prepared by Veggie Fest volunteers, they said.
"Veggie Fest is free to the public, and the way that we fund it is through the sale of food," Ribet said.
With a large number of people signing up to take the two-week Vegetarian Challenge each year, fest organizers often hear back from many pledge takers who said the challenge inspired them to make the switch to a vegetarian diet.
"Everybody's got their own approach in terms of what motivates them to start being vegetarian, but they get a lot of different benefits," Ribet said. "They get health benefits, they get spiritual benefits. It's better for the planet. So there are a lot of reasons."
Kathy Cichon is a freelance writer.
Veggie Fest
When: July 23-24
Where: Science of Spirituality Center, 4045 N. Naperville Road, Lisle
Tickets: Free admission and parking
Information: 630-955-1200 or veggiefestchicago.com
KARACHI: Authorities said that except for one Indian fisherman, 337 other fishermen were released from jails in Pakistan on Friday as per announcement by country's Interior ministry a day earlier.
The 330 adult prisoners were detained at the Malir district prison in Karachi while eight minors were detained at the Youthful Offenders Industrial School in the city.
One prisoner whose name was included in the list of 338 Indian prisoners to be released from the District Prison Malir, was not released as their nationalitycould not be confirmed.
Pakistan's Federal Interior Ministry had announced on Thursday that 365 Indian prisoners, which include 340 Fishermen and 25 crew members of Indian vessels, would be released as a gesture of goodwill after confirmation of their nationalities as Indian.
All these prisoners have completed their sentences and they would be repatriated to India through Wagah Border on August 24 as per agreement with India.
Pakistan and India frequently arrest and accuse each other's fishermen of violating their respective zones in the Arabian Sea.
The goodwill gesture comes amid a recent spike in tensions marred by ceasefire violations on both sides of the Kashmir border and resultant accusations, denials and counter-allegations.
Two earlier posts here have strangely merged in real life: while we were off soil-bombing Iceland, MIT's Moshe Alamaro – of the famed anti-hurricane jet engine barges – was strafing the earth with tree seeds. It's called “aerial reforestation.”
Back in 1997, Alamaro “designed conical canisters, of a starchy biodegradable material, which each contain a seedling packed in soil and nutrients. The canisters are dropped from a low-flying plane, so that they hit the ground at 200 m.p.h., and imbed themselves in the soil. Then the canisters decompose and the young trees take root. A large aircraft could drop as many as 100,000 saplings in a single flight: Alamaro's system could plant as many as a million trees in one day.”
Whole forests, fired from F-16s. Stealth forestry.
Or, branching off from an earlier comment on the agri-militaristic possibilities of garden wars (“hotheaded dictators and war-time presidents decide to take turns garden-bombing each other” [see comments]), you'd get forest wars, landscape design by Cruise missile: launched from a ship in the Indian Ocean, soon there are rich deciduous forests in the hills of Afghanistan.
Aspen trees. Precision Seedlings®. Bunker busters dropped into the San Andreas fault, where genetically engineered redwood saplings grow so deep they knit the faultline back together…
Riot police discard their plastic bullets and tear gas canisters to fire baby tulip bulbs; you go home and flowers are growing from your wounds… All scars become gardens…
Or on CNN some morning we see ICBMs arcing out of the mid-Atlantic, submarine crews cheering, the hunt for a truly red October now over: new maple tree saplings have been fired – they are reforesting the eastern Canadian plateau –
Or it's a threat: disarm – or we will reforest you… Using tree bombs…
Submitted by chromatic on Wed, 01/20/2010 - 00:16
The Beyond and below are like a deep of ocean, and we the creatures that swim in the abyss. We're so far down that the beings on the surface — superior though they are — can't effectively reach us. Oh, they fish, and they sometimes blight the upper levels with points we don't even understand. But the abyss remains a relatively safe place.
— Vernor Vinge, A Fire Upon the Deep
On behalf of the Parrot team, I'm proud to announce Parrot 2.0.0 "Inevitable." Parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages.
Parrot 2.0.0 is available on Parrot's FTP site, or follow the download instructions. For those who would like to develop on Parrot, or help develop Parrot itself, we recommend using Subversion on our source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code.
Parrot 2.0.0 News:
Features Context PMCs now support attribute-based introspection Context and CallSignature PMCs merged into CallContext .lex directive throws exceptions when used with incorrect register types
Platforms Packaging improved for free OS distributions PPC, PPC64, and ARM now tested when running Linux
Performance Minor improvements to the profiling runcore Improvements from the CallContext PMC merge
New deprecations In/out parameters in STRING modification functions Void handling in NCI signatures Parameter passing opcodes order in PBC
Tests Continued migration of core tests from Perl 5 to PIR
Tools dependency checker improved
Miscellaneous Deprecation cycle length changed to three months from six GC accuracy improved PMC freeze improvements; much more reliable Makefile improvements for dependency handling
Thanks to all our contributors for making this possible, and our sponsors
for supporting this project. Our next release is 16 February 2010.
Enjoy!
The government's much-maligned bank bailout program, approved by Congress during the throes of the financial crisis in late 2008, officially turned a profit for taxpayers on Wednesday.
The Troubled Assets Relief Program, or TARP, was the government's most high-profile attempt at stabilizing the crumbling financial system. Treasury invested $245 billion into hundreds of the nation's banks in recent years. With a series of repayments this week, $251 billion has now been returned to government coffers, the agency said in a release Wednesday.
“While our overriding objective with TARP was to break the back of the financial crisis and save American jobs, the fact that our investment in banks has also delivered a significant profit for taxpayers is a welcome development,” Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner said in a statement. “We still have more work to do repairing the damage caused by the crisis and strengthening the recovery, but today is an important milestone in our efforts to recover taxpayer dollars as we continue winding down TARP.”
The bank investments make up only one element of TARP, which included more than a dozen programs and was used in the bailouts of automakers General Motors and Chrysler, the rescue of American International Group and the Treasury's key foreclosure mitigation effort.
Treasury officials said Wednesday that based on current market conditions, they expect TARP investments as a whole to result in “little or no cost” to taxpayers.
“That's a significant mark. It means that taxpayers will not lose money on the banks,” said Linus Wilson, an assistant professor of finance at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette who has analyzed TARP data. “That doesn't mean all the banks are doing great; in fact, many of them are not doing great.”
Wilson noted that 164 small banks and credit unions that had received TARP funds — nearly a quarter of those that got aid — missed their most recent TARP repayments. They also said that despite TARP's positive results, it had posted far lower returns than private investors who made similar investments.
One of TARP's harsher critics remains Neil Barofsky, the outgoing special inspector general for the program. They have disparaged the handling of the lack of transparency and the handling of TARP, particularly the Home Affordable Modification Program, or HAMP.
“It fulfilled its promises to Wall Street, as reflected in the return to record profitability of the nation's largest banks,” Barofsky said in their testimony on Capitol Hill this week. “But unfortunately, it's failed to live up to some of its promise to Main Street.”
Barofsky often has warned that TARP could leave a legacy of “moral hazard,” meaning that financial firms might take more risk in the future if they think the government will step in during a crisis.
Despite that assessment, Treasury officials have remained adamant that the controversial program was necessary and that the profits it has reaped are a result of prudent management.
“TARP was necessary, and it did what it was supposed to do,” Tim Massad, acting assistant secretary for Financial Stability, said on Capitol Hill this week. “Its most significant legacy is that it, combined with other government actions, helped save our economy from a catastrophic collapse and may have helped prevent a second Great Depression.”
0.60: Beckhoff/TwinCAT, WebDav, Gearbest, iAlarm December 17, 2017 10 minutes reading time
The biggest change for 0.60 will be covered in a separate blog post. Thus, we will keep it short here. Just one thing: This is the last release in 2017. We will be back to our bi-weekly release cycle in 2018.
A big “Thank you” to all people who supported us to make this release possible.
TwinCAT
With the brand-new ADS (automation device specification) component by @stlehmann allows you to hook Home Assistant into this fieldbus independent interface which is often used between Beckhoff devices running with TwinCAT.
WebDav calendar
Thanks to @maxlaverse Home Assistant support now WebDav calendars.
Tracking prices
With the new gearbest sensor there is now an additional sensor available to track the price of a product.
Financial details
Yahoo! has discontinued their financial service. To fill this gap we have now the alpha_vantage sensor which is intruded in this release and allows you to monitor the stock market.
New Platforms
Release 0.60.1 - January 6
If you need help…
…don't hesitate to use our very active forums or join us for a little chat. The release notes have comments enabled but it's preferred if you use the former communication channels. Thanks.
Reporting Issues
Experiencing issues introduced by this release? Please report them in our issue tracker. Make sure to fill in all fields of the issue template.
Breaking Changes
All changes
Where will you find the sleekest and most futuristic stadium in the NFL? Not in New York City of Chicago, but in the desert in Glendale, AZ. State Farm Stadium is home of the Arizona Cardinals, the first stadium they have not had to share with another tenant. The Cardinals have a long history that dates to 1898 when the football club was formed in Chicago. Here they played at Comiskey Park, home of the Chicago White Sox (MLB). In 1960 they moved to St. Louis where they shared Busch Stadium with the St. Louis Cardinals (MLB). After the 1987 season they moved to Arizona and Sun Devil Stadium, home of the Arizona State Sun Devils. Through the late 1990s the Cardinals began seeking a new stadium. After several years of debate, in August 2002, the Arizona State Tourism and Sports Authority voted to build a new retractable roof stadium in Glendale, AZ for the Arizona Cardinals. At a cost of $455 million, the stadium not only features a retractable roof, but features a retractable side and field that moves in and out of the structure. The stadium is built on 28 acres that is owned by the sports authority. The Cardinals paid for 25% of the stadium, $109 million, including cost overruns and the state Tourism and Sports Authority paid for 75% of the stadium. The Cardinals also bought the land for the stadium at a cost of $18.5 million.
MEMORABLE MOMENTS
IN CARDINALS HISTORY
NFC Championships: 2008
Retired Numbers: 8-Larry Wilson, 40-Pat Tillman, 77-Stan Mauldin, 88-J.V. Cain, 99-Marshall Goldberg
QB Kurt Warner completes 401 passes and 30 passing touchdowns in 2008.
337 rushing attempts by Edgerrin James in 2006.
The retractable roof at State Farm Stadium is comprised of two 180-feet long by 240-feet wide retractable panels that close to allow for air conditioning during the hot summer months and open during the cooler months to take advantage of the Valley's abundant sunshine. The fabric roof allows light to fill the stadium and provides an open, airy feel even when the roof panels are closed. The roof system is designed to open or close in approximately 12 minutes. State Farm Stadium features a unique rollout natural-grass playing field, contained in a single tray measuring 234 feet wide by 403 feet long and weighing a hefty 18.9 million pounds. It is the first completely retractable field in North America. The field is positioned inside the stadium on game days to offer the preferred natural-grass playing surface for football and outside the stadium the remaining 350+ days of the year to receive the needed sunlight and water to grow. A total of 462 steel wheels, riding on 13 parallel steel rails are used to slide the field tray in and out of the facility.
Construction of the stadium began in July 2003. Originally expected to be completed in time for the 2005 NFL season, the stadium opened on August 12, 2006, when the Cardinals played the Pittsburgh Steelers in a preseason game. The Cardinals played their inaugural first game at the stadium when they hosted the San Francisco 49ers on September 10, 2006. The stadium has a very modern, futuristic look and seats 63,400 fans for football. State Farm Stadium was originally known as the University of Phoenix Stadium from its opening through the 2017 season. Prior to the start of the 2018 season it was renamed after the Cardinals agreed to an 18-year naming rights deal with State Farm Insurance. The capacity can be expanded to 72,800 for other events at the stadium including the Super Bowl. Not only is the stadium the home of the Arizona Cardinals, but has hosted Super Bowl XLII in 2008, Super Bowl XLVIV in 2015, NCAA Final Four Championships, annually hosts college football's Fiesta Bowl and will host the Super Bowl in 2023.
[/caption]
The MESSENGER spacecraft went into safe mode just before its closest approach of Mercury on Sept. 29. Although the instruments were taking data as the spacecraft came near the planet during this third flyby of the mission, after going into safe mode, no further data or pictures were obtained. This means the expected science investigations from the flyby were not executed. However, as Emily Lakdawalla pointed on in the Planetary Blog, the most important purpose of this flyby was the last gravity assist that will allow MESSENGER to enter orbit in 2011, and to that end, the flyby was a complete success. Additionally, the images taken during the approach are of the 5% of Mercury that was previously unseen, as in the image above of this unnamed basin. See more images from the approach below.
MESSENGER skimmed just 142 miles (228 km) above Mercury at closest approach, and then whipped behind the planet for the gravity assist. During the operation, five MESSENGER “fellows” or master teachers were reporting the flyby live via Twitter. Gene Gordon (Porchdragon on Twitter) reported that unexpectedly, the signal dropped from MESSENGER before the expected signal blackout while flying on the other side of Mercury: “Suddenly room got quiet and people hovering near computers. Unexpected signal drop just occurred. Sense of nervousness seems to have happened.”
Read Gene Gordon's blog post about their experiences.
The MESSENGER team had to wait over 50 minutes until the spacecraft emerged from behind Mercury, and were relieved to be able to resume contact. As of Wednesday morning, the spacecraft was operating normally, and the reason for the signal drop was unclear. At a briefing, MESSENGER team members said the spacecraft went into safe mode when it entered Mercury's shadow and tried to switch to battery power. The team is still looking into why this anomaly occurred.
A little less than half of the”extra” science goals for the flyby were accomplished. See our previous article on the science goals for the flyby. Following this flyby. only the polar regions of Mercury have never been seen.
MESSENGER made its closest approach on Tuesday at about 5:55 p.m. EDT (2155 GMT), zooming at speeds of about 12,000 mph (19,312 kph). Mercury's gravity was expected to slow MESSENGER by about 6,000 mph (9,656 kph) during the flyby and place it on track to enter orbit of Mercury in March 2011.
See all the images acquired by the third flyby here.
Learn more about MESSENGER and the two previous flybys which occured in 2008 here.
Lead image caption: their unnamed impact basin was seen for the first time yesterday during MESSENGER's third flyby of Mercury. The outer diameter of the basin is approximately 260 kilometers (160 miles). This basin has a double-ring structure common to basins with diameters larger than 200 kilometers (about 125 miles).
Additional information from Jeff Goldstein on Twitter (doctorjeff) was also used in this article
Abu Hamza, the radical Islamic preacher notorious for their hate-filled sermons, was in reality working secretly with British intelligence "to keep the streets of London safe" by "cooling hotheads", their lawyer claimed in a US court.
Holding up what they said were reports from Scotland Yard, Joshua Dratel described the cleric as an "intermediary" who cooperated with MI5 and the police to try to end foreign hostage-takings and defuse tensions with the Muslim community in Britain.
The extraordinary admission will fuel conspiracy theories that they were allowed to preach hatred without arrest for so long in the UK because they were working with the security authorities
Their portrayal of the fiery Egyptian-born imam presented a very different picture from the one laid out by earlier by prosecutors who have accused them of operating a global terror network from the Finsbury Park mosque in north London.
Mr Dratel, the lead defence attorney, made the startling claim as Hamza prepared to take the witness box in their own defence in their New York trial where they have pleaded not guilty to 11 charges of terrorism.
The lawyer was arguing against a prosecution request for the judge to block the cleric from talking about any dealings with British authorities that did not relate directly to the allegations against them in court.
Hamza was extradited to the US in 2012 after serving a six-year jail term in Britain for inciting racial hatred and soliciting murder.
During their trial in the UK in 2006, Hamza claimed they were in regular discussions with MI5 and Special Branch between 1997 and 2000.
They claimed then that they were told they could continue to preach “as long as we don't see blood on the street”.
The alleged discussions occurred at a time of heightened concern in the UK over the amount of Islamist extremists sheltering here, which led to the nickname “Londonistan”.
Hamza told the Old Bailey then that it was not until 2000 that they were then warned they were “walking a tightrope”.
Abu Hamza speaking outside Finsbury Park Mosque in London, 2003 (PAUL GROVER)
In New York, they now faces much more serious charges of funnelling cash and recruits to al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, involvement in a hostage-taking in Yemen in which three Britons were killed and trying to set up a jihad training camp in Oregon.
The cleric, who is on trial just a few streets from the scene of the Sept 2001 terrorist strikes on the World Trade Centre, has previously praised those 9/11 attacks as a "towering day in history" and lauded Osama bin Laden, the al-Qaeda founder.
But Mr Dratel contended that their client was in fact just making those outrageous statements to appeal to parts of the Muslim community.
"He's going to testify that they took a certain position publicly for a certain reason, but at the same time their intention was to de-escalate, to avoid wider war and to keep the streets of London safe," Mr Dratel told Judge Katherine Forrest in deliberations before the jury was ushered into the federal courtroom.
They said that Hamza expressed their true "intent" in discussions with Scotland Yard and MI5. "It goes to the theme of our defence that they were an intermediary, that MI5 asked them on multiple times to act in hostage situations, cool down the community and maintain a sense of order," they argued.
Mr Dratel said they were working from 50 pages of reports of Scotland Yard – "their notes of what was said" – in dealings with Hamza between May 1997 and August 2000, the period covered by US charges against him.
"The documents were provided by the UK," they said. "They touch on virtually every conflict that we are talking about in this case – Algeria, Bosnia, Yemen, Afghanistan."
There were rumours that Abu Hamza was in some way being protected by the police or security services (GETTY)
The fact that Hamza was able to preach publicly in Britain for so long before they were apprehended fuelled rumours that they were in some way being protected by the police or security services, but there was never any confirmation of this.
Mr Dratel cited specific cases in which they said that the British authorities turned to Hamza for their assistance.
After arrests were made in Britain related to the civil war in Algeria, Hamza was asked "how the community is reacting and how to keep the community in equilibrium", they said. "He agreed to do so and made proposals."
On another occasion, when a British captive was taken in Kashmir, Hamza was reportedly asked to try to intervene as they had connections with the hostage-taking group from their time in Afghanistan in the 1980s. Mr Dratel said their client made "some phone calls" but was unable to help.
And the lawyer said that after two suspects in the 1998 US embassy bombings in east Africa were subsequently arrested in Britain, there was a discussion between Hamza and the authorities about "cooling the hotheads".
The judge later sided with the prosecution and ruled that Hamza could not testify about dealings with British intelligence. The defence said that it would ask them to review their decision on Thursday, in the light of other cases which they would bring to them attention.
Hamza lost both their arms and an eye in Afghanistan, but the US judicial authorities have removed their famous prosthetic hook as a security risk to themselves and others.
Instead, they used a prosthetic limb with a pen attached to scribble notes on post-it paper and passed them to their lawyers sitting next to them in the wood-panelled courtroom on the 15th floor, overlooking lower Manhattan.
Wearing a light blue T-shirt and black tracksuit bottoms, with a silver beard and their steel-rimmed glasses held in place by a cord around their neck, they struck a much less sinister figure than the ranting imam who delivered incendiary statements and sermons in London.
The jury later watched in rapt attention as a New Zealand woman described the terrifying ordeal of a group of Western tourists taken hostage by Islamic radicals in Yemen in 1998. Three Britons were killed in an intense gun-battle with Yemeni soldiers as the militants used their captives as human shields.
Hamza is accused of helping to organise the hostage-taking to obtain the release of several Britons, including their son, who had been arrested with suspected bomb-making equipment by Yemen.
Mary Quin, the witness, went to the Finsbury Park mosque in 2000 to confront Hamza about their alleged role and taped the encounter. In excerpts played to the court, they told them that the hostage-taking was justified "Islamically" and that it was intended to help secure the release of "my people".
They acknowledged speaking to the lead kidnapper during the crisis and that they had provided the gang with a satellite phone.
Hamza, who faces a life sentence if convicted, has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Martin San/Digital Vision/Getty Images
The warrior monks of Shaolin have gained a worldwide reputation for their devoted study and impressive displays of traditional kung fu. The feats of athletic prowess and martial arts skill are the result of intense daily study, morning to night. Every aspect of daily life, including diet, conforms to the monastic life, lived in pursuit of Buddhism and the martial arts.
Dietary Basics
Vegetables in wok
The dietary habits of Shaolin monks have been relatively unchanged during the hundreds of years since the Shaolin sect was formed. Like every aspect of the monastic life, this diet is centered around Buddhist ideals of pacifism, purity and simplicity. It is essential to remember that the life of a Shaolin monk is one focused on spirituality, not athleticism or pleasure.
The traditional diet of the Shaolin consists primarily of rice, vegetables and fruits. Rice has been a staple food in China for centuries. Rice can be boiled or steamed, rice flour is used in making noodles, and other rice-based dishes are common. Rice comes in many varieties, with varying textures and nutritional properties.
Vegetables common to China include bok choy, sprouts, taro and several varieties of beans. While Chinese cuisine might prepare these foods in numerous ways, Buddhist monks, such as those of the Shaolin Temple, will generally boil or steam them, or merely eat them raw. Fruits such as bananas, apples, and figs, are all common to China. These may be eaten raw or dried for long-term storage.
Simplicity and Food Preparation
Vegetables in a wok
In taking up the life of a monk, adherents to Shaolin's form of Buddhism leave behind many of the niceties of their former lives, choosing instead to live a life of humble simplicity. This simplicity also extends to their daily eating, and foods are prepared simply. The extensive preparations of modern Chinese food are eschewed in favor of basic preparations, leaving the Shaolin diet basic and bland.
Pacifism and Vegetarianism
Shaolin monk
One of the tenets of Buddhism is strict pacifism--to inflict no harm or suffering upon other living things. As an extension of these teachings, many Buddhist sects, including the Shaolin, practice strict vegetarianism. As a general rule, meat is not eaten and the use of eggs and dairy products is generally avoided as well, though the specifics may vary from one group to the next.
Because daily kung fu training can be strenuous, it is important for students to properly nourish themselves. Protein intake is thus an important facet of the Shaolin diet, as there are no sources of animal protein. This dietary gap is overcome by including non-animal protein sources into dishes. Soybeans and soy products like tofu are an important part of most meals in the monastery. Nuts such as peanuts and almonds also may be incorporated into some dishes. A vegetarian meat substitute, called seitan, is also used. Seitan can be made from wheat gluten or soy protein in a variety of textures and flavors.
Purity and Foods
Monk praying
Alcohol and drug use is strictly forbidden, as these substances affect both body and mind, disrupting concentration and throwing you out of balance. Spicy foods such as garlic, ginger and onions are also avoided. The pungent flavors of these spices are considered disruptive, stirring up emotions that can cloud the mind and spirit of the warrior.
poster="https://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201603/2893/1155968404_4802484046001_kasich.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Asked whether they would comment on the possibility of Donald Trump being the GOP nominee helping the Democrats, John Kasich demurred. Kasich: I'm 'too busy' to worry about Trump comments
John Kasich was "too busy" to concern themselves with the details of Donald Trump's past inflammatory statements, the governor of Ohio said Tuesday.
During an interview on CNN's "The Lead with Jake Tapper," Kasich responded to a question about remarks they made earlier in the day in which they said they were "very concerned" about things Trump has said about women, as portrayed in an ad from Our Principles PAC that they said they saw Monday.
While telling Tapper that they did a "fine job" as debate moderator, Kasich said they did not pay "a lot of attention" to the details of questions and remarks that Trump made during those events. Kasich also said they directed their press team to provide them with a list of "all of [Trump's] quotes at rallies" after protests forced the cancellation of their Chicago event last Friday.
"And you know, I just didn't know the extent of them, to tell you the truth. I'm too busy doing what I need to do," Kasich said. "And then this commercial, you know, which I just saw yesterday, I was not aware of all this. It's deeply disturbing. I mean it really is. This is not what we would expect out of a leader of our country.”
Asked whether they would comment on the possibility of Trump being the GOP nominee helping the Democrats, Kasich demurred.
“Jake, today is Election Day in Ohio, I've said everything that I want to say about Mr. Trump," they said. "Today is Ohio, tomorrow is another day. The sun will come up, and I'll have more to say whenever I'm prepared to say more.”
Weekend Feature: NASA Finds Volcanoes on Dark Side of the Moon Posted on Jul 30, 2011 According to a recent discovery by NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, scientists now have photos showing silicate volcanoes on the far side of the moon. Silicate volcanoes are a type that do not ooze magma; deeming them “dead” by scientists. Hhe silicate volcanoes on the far side of the moon are estimated to be around 800 years old, extending the volcanic activity of the moon by 200 million years.The moons far side was not visible from the Earth due to tidal forces between it and the moon, until 1959 when the Soviet Union's Luna 3 Spacecraft took pictures of the region. (more…)
News Flash: NASA Climate Data Challenges Global Warming Alarms Posted on Jul 29, 2011 NASA satellite data show the Earth's atmosphere is allowing far more heat to be released into space than alarmist computer models have predicted, according to a new study in the peer-reviewed science journal Remote Sensing. Data from NASA's Terra satellite shows that when the climate warms, Earth's atmosphere is apparently more efficient at releasing energy to space than models used to forecast climate change have been programmed to “believe.” (more…)
Are Invisible, Primordial Black Holes Harboring Dark Mass of the Universe? Posted on Jul 29, 2011 Despite a decade spent searching for dark matter with experiments costing tens of millions of dollars from experiments at the bottom of iron mines in Minnesota to the Ice Cube project in Antarctica, nobody has laid eyes on the stuff. It's hard to escape the conclusion that some other explanation for the missing mass is needed. Cosmologist Paul Frampton at the University of North Carolina and colleagues propose that the missing 23% of mass of the universe is made up of black holes that are too small to see directly but too big to have evaporated away due to Hawking radiation. (more…)
Four Rivers BBQ Zach Stovall
Born and raised in Elmont, Long Island, right on the edge of Queens, I grew up with ethnically diverse foods at every corner. When we weren't eating Italian at home as family, we were minutes from our favorite Jewish deli, and it was just a few blocks to the authentic Neapolitan pizzeria that had been family-owned for generations. It was a gift to be raised in a community where you never had to eat at a chain restaurant—in fact, there really weren't many around. I became painfully aware of just how lucky I had been when I moved to Central Florida in 1996. At the time, the Orlando area was a sea of strip malls and franchised eateries, and I found myself starved for authentic food. Desperate for independently-owned, original restaurants, it wasn't uncommon for me to travel 30 miles out of the way to feed my need. But in recent years, a lot has changed around here. There's a whole new crop of food savvy locals who are shunning corporate chains and supporting the nascent culinary scene here in Central Florida, and talented chefs and restaurateurs to give the people what they want. The Winter Park area, just 25 miles Northeast of Disney, Universal, and the other attractions along the I-4 corridor, has particularly blossomed into a neighborhood brimming with delicious food options. Here are eight of my favorite things to eat in the area:
Shrimp and Grits from the Ravenous Pig Zach Stovall
1. Shrimp & Grits from The Ravenous Pig This cozy gastro-pub arrived in 2007 with a vision to serve up local, seasonal fare that could rival any big city restaurant. Six years later, husband and wife team James and Julie Petrakis are still gaining much-deserved attention. Menu items change daily but you can always count on a handful of old standby's to make the cut. The velvety smooth shrimp & grits, made with local Royal Red Canaveral shrimp and Anson Mills grits, are a staple and a must-try for any newcomer. The richness of the dish is cut by a sweet and savory green tomato chutney and finished with a drizzle of meaty chorizo oil. Wash it all down with their signature Ravenous Pig Bacon Old-Fashioned and you'll see why there's rarely an empty seat in the place. Oh and once you've had these shrimp & grits, get ready to make an impression at your next dinner party: You can find this recipe and many others in their gorgeous cookbook, The Ravenous Pig: Seasons of Florida. The Ravenous Pig
1234 N. Orange Avenue
Winter Park, FL 32789
407-628-2333 2. Lobster Roll at Winter Park Fish Company You're probably more likely to imagine the Maine Coast than central Florida when indulging in lobster roll fantasies, but one trip to the Winter Park Fish Company will change your mind forever. A casual atmosphere with the culinary chops of a five-star restaurant, they're passionate about supporting sustainable fishing and the proof is in the freshness and flavor. Their menu is full of great choices—from a hearty tuna chili that could win over any beef-lover to tropical conch fritters, a colossal crab cake sandwich, and more—but the lobster roll is the clear standout: generous chunks of lobster tossed ever so lightly with mayo and mixed with crunchy little bites of bright celery, stuffed into a brioche roll and served with a side of slaw. The shoreline of Maine is suddenly lined with palm trees. Winter Park Fish Company
761 Orange Avenue
Winter Park, FL 32789
407-622-6112
Winter Park Fish Co Zach Stovall
3. Pan con Lechon at Black Bean Deli When you're craving Latin flavor, look no further than the matchbox-sized Black Bean Deli, a modest little place that has been turning out amazing Cuban food for over 15 years now. Owner Andy Corton has worked hard to establish their joint as a quick, reasonably-priced, and welcoming place to enjoy a home cooked meal the way grandma used to make—at least, their grandma! You might be tempted to order a Cuban sandwich, but once you've tasted the Pan con Lechon, a hot, forearm-length pressed sandwich heaping with slow-roasted shredded pork and soaked in a garlic mojo sauce, you'll never look back. Add a side of maduros (sweet fried plantains) and you likely won't be hungry for another 24 hours. Note: At BBD, expect to wait. Its tiny interior barely houses the lunch rush and allows just enough room to place your to-go order Black Bean Deli
325 South Orlando Avenue, Suite 1-1
Winter Park, FL 32789
407-628-0294
The Black Bean Deli Zach Stovall
4. Butcher's Blend Burger from Luma on Park Luma was one of the first restaurants to bring a local, sustainable approach to food sourcing to Orlando. Executive Chef Brandon McGlamery has led their talented culinary team to greatness. While their menu of new American cuisine is prominent, you'll also find clever items like delicate shrimp croquetas, sea urchin spaghettini, and a rabbit terrine with foie gras and cherries. The menu cycles through local items weekly, but you can always count on their Butcher's Blend Beef Burger. Made with short rib, angus and brisket, this platonic ideal of a burger is perfectly tender inside and charred on the outside. Add Luma's house-made pimento cheddar, sweet onion jam, and smoked bacon to really have your mind blown. Luma on Park
290 South Park Avenue
Winter Park, Florida
407-599-4111 5. Burnt Ends at 4 Rivers Smokehouse You'll know you're at the right place when you see the line of patrons snaking around the corner of 4 Rivers, but you'll probably smell the smoke billowing from the building well before anyone comes in sight. Once inside, you'll be faced with a very difficult decision—should you go with Texas-style barbecue classics such as pulled pork and beef brisket, or try one of owner John Rivers' specialty signature sandwiches? My go-to is the Burnt Ends sandwich: Equally stacked with pork and brisket, you get the best of both worlds. Smokey, charred and tender, the salty smoked meat is well balanced by their sweet house barbecue sauce and served on a no fuss, simple hamburger roll. Sides are important too, and I'm partial to their Texas cornbread with spicy jalapenos and crispy fried pickles. Be sure to save room for dessert; their Sweet Shop is a dreamy heaven of fresh homemade baked goods. Just looking at the massive selection of cupcakes, pies, and layer cakes will awaken the childhood sweet tooth you thought you outgrew. 4 Rivers Smokehouse
1600 West Fairbanks Avenue
Winter Park, FL 32789
407-474-8377
Four Rivers Barbecue Zach Stovall
6. Pork at the Cask & Larder After enjoying the huge success of The Ravenous Pig, James and Julie Petrakis opened a second venture in 2012. This time around, they looked to the deep south for inspiration. Although not to be compared to its sister restaurant, The Cask & Larder has an individual soul of its own. It's special because it's not only a restaurant but also a brewery. Brewmaster Ron Raike is creating several beers on sight, each with its own style and flair to carefully pair with the modern southern menu. There's a strong emphasis on using ingredients only available week to week so few things are constant. Over time, I've had everything from braised oxtail to grilled lamb heart but pork anything always seems to win. Nothing brings a bigger smile to my face than seeing the ham sampler board, comprised of three Kentucky hams ranging in intensity, served with butter baked biscuits, punchy ale mustard and sweet pepper jelly being brought to my table. But you'd be making a big mistake not to order any of the juicy, handmade sausages featured for that day, boudin or andouille. Pork rules the roost here and if you see it the form of ribs, shoulder or anything else, order it. Meat lovers rejoice and vegetarians beware, traces of pork often sneak into other items on the menu, from fish to vegetables. The Cask & Larder
565 West Fairbanks Avenue
Winter Park, FL 32789
321-280-4200
Pumpkin Pie Empanada Zach Stovall
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, a political careerist who has never taken one elected office without beginning to position themselves to run for the next, made a wild play for the national stage just weeks after being sworn in last winter as a Republican governor with Republican majorities in both chambers of the Wisconsin legislature. Ad Policy
Using a supposedly minor “budget repair bill” as their vehicle, Walker proposed to scrap most collective bargaining rights for state, county and municipal employees and teachers, to radically restructure state government to concentrate power in the governor's office and to use that power to limit access to healthcare for working families and seniors while bartering off public assets in no-bid deals with favored corporations.
If they could pull it off, Walker told themselves and their closest associates, they could be what Republicans have been looking for since the mid-1980s: a new Ronald Reagan. It was a dream they outlined In an extended conversation with a caller who they thought was billionaire conservative campaign contributor David Koch. “Ronald Reagan, whose 100th birthday we just celebrated the day before, had one of the most defining moments of their political career, not just their presidency, when they fired the air-traffic controllers. And, uh, I said, to me that moment was more important than just for labor relations or even the federal budget, that was the first crack in the Berlin Wall and the fall of Communism because from that point forward, the Soviets and the Communists knew that Ronald Reagan wasn't a pushover,” Walker chirped, in the midst of a self-serving soliloquy. “And, uh, I said this may not have as broad of world implications, but in Wisconsin's history—little did I know how big it would be nationally—in Wisconsin's history, I said this is our moment, this is our time to change the course of history. And this is why it's so important that they were all there. I had a cabinet meeting this morning and I reminded them of that and I said for those of you who thought I was being melodramatic you now know it was purely putting it in the right context.”
Now, almost four months into the fight, Walker does not look much like a new Reagan.
Their anti-labor agenda has been blocked by the largest and most consistent pro-union demonstrations the United States has seen since the 1930s, along with legislative maneuvers and court orders. Their personal approval ratings have flat-lined, and runs the risk of losing control of the state Senate to Democrats who are determined to block their initiatives.
Yet Walker refuses to compromise. So beholden is they to political paymasters such as the Koch brothers and the De Vos family, which has steered millions of dollars into the state to promote their extreme proposals to replace on of the nation's strongest public education systems with voucher programs and privatization schemes, that the governor continues to pressure their legislative allies to enact a biennial budget that slashes spending for education and local services. Like their national counterpart, Congressman Paul Ryan, R-Janesville, Walker spins the fantasy that they are interested in balancing budgets. But their initiatives actually shift spending away from the public sphere and toward the accounts of major campaign contributors. To protect themselves politically, Walker and friendly legislators are busy seeding the budget proposals with anti-union proposals, which are designed to weaken organized labor as an electoral check and balance on corporate-tied Republican politicians. At the same time, they are rushing to enact draconian restrictions on voter participation and local democracy.
The governor's “dictatorial” approach—as it has been described by the senior member of the state legislature—and their power plays have stirred a new outcry. Wisconsinites are back in the streets, camping out around the state Capitol as part of a “Walkerville” protest that takes its name from the “Hooverville” encampments of the Depression era. And they are protesting with renewed energy, massing Monday for a demonstration (led by former U.S. Senator Russ Feingold) that filled the streets around the Capitol with firefighters, police officers, state and local employees, steelworkers, students and their allies. This was the first of as serious of new demonstrations that are expected to rally tens of thousands of Wisconsinites against the governor's budget. Already, the protests have scared Republican legislators into abandoning some aspects of the Walker agenda (assaults on care programs for seniors, recycling programs, a plan to begin privatizing the University of Wisconsin).
But Walker and the most desperate of their Republican compatriots are working overtime to implement as much of the governor's program as possible. The reason for the aggressive push to enact unpopular programs is clear enough. Walker's actions have so offended the voters of the state that they are preparing to remove their allies from state Senate seats and shift control of the legislative chamber from the Republicans to the Democrats. That would stall the governor's agenda, increase the prospect that they might be recalled next January and knock them off any serious list of GOP presidential or vice presidential prospects.
Political operatives and lawyers aligned with Walker, the Republican majority in the state Senate and the state Republican Party are attempting to block the recall elections, while at the same time trying to force recall elections against Democratic senators who objected to the governor's agenda.
It is not going well for Walker. Last week, the state Government Accountability Board (a combined elections and ethics agency) certified recall elections against the six targeted Republican senators. At the same time, the board asked for more time to review petitions that were filed against the Democratic senators—following revelations about fraudulent signature-gathering and the inclusion of the names of dead people on the petitions.
The Republicans cried foul and filed legal actions. But last Friday a circuit court judge upheld the accountability board's position, and there is little reason to believe the Republicans will have more success in higher courts.
They will continue the delaying tactics, however, seeking to buy time to advance of the governor's anti-labor, anti-education, anti–social services agenda as they can before their electoral judgment day. But their crude tactics are now so transparent that they have brought the people back into the streets. And the combination of protesting and political action is cornering the governor. They may still think they are the next Ronald Reagan. But they are looking more and more like Herbert Hoover every day.
STANFORD, Ky. — A high school student in Kentucky received a standing ovation during their graduation ceremony on Friday after they led attendees in prayer despite complaints from students who had sought to thwart the invocation.
Class President Jonathan Hardwick was also echoed in an “amen” after they acknowledged God from the platform.
“Thank you for helping us get here safely today, Lord,” they prayed. “And thank you for the many blessings You have given us.”
At first, the room filled with claps and cheers for Hardwick, but several seconds later, graduation attendees rose to their feet.
Prayer has been a tradition at Lincoln County High School, but this year, six students approached Principal Tim Godbey and asked them to put an end to the practice.
“This is a place for school. not a church. I feel like I'm graduating from Lincoln County High, not Lincoln County church,” student Bradley Chester, an atheist, told WKYT-TV. “I feel like you shouldn't force your religion upon anybody. And a lot of people are saying if there are prayers at graduation, you don't have to participate, you can sit there and not listen, close your ears. Well, one, it's my graduation. I shouldn't have to close my ears.”
Principal Godbey, a Christian, replied to the complaints by noting that while school officials cannot pray at public events or otherwise endorse a particular religion, the Constitution allows students the right to pray if they wish.
Connect with Christian News
Follow @4christiannews
“No students have ever done that before,” Godbey told reporters, referring to the requests to stop the invocation. “My responsibility in upholding the Constitution and the First Amendment is [that] I have to protect their rights as well as the rights of those that want [the prayer].”
Prior to the graduation ceremony, Hardwick implied that they were going to proceed with the invocation even if they were told not to do so.
“If I want to have a prayer, the school can't stop me,” they said. “[B]ut the school can't say, ‘Come up here and pray,' [as] that's the school supporting prayer, but if I want to pray they can't stop me.”
Video footage of Hardwick's prayer was posted on YouTube and other outlets following the event, and has so far generated over 6,000 views. A number of viewers debated the issue in the comments section, while others simply left words of encouragement for the student.
“Way to go Mr. Hardwick [in] standing up for your Christian beliefs,” one commenter named Tanya wrote. “If we had a handful more like you in this world, it would be a lot better of a place!”
“I'm so glad Jonathan went ahead and prayed!” exclaimed another named Suzanne. “So many times those in authority allow the beliefs of [a few] student[s] to keep the rest of the students from praying and acknowledging God, and that isn't right morally or constitutionally.”
However, some attendees are upset that the prayer was allowed to go forward. Ricky Smith, an atheist that was invited to the ceremony, says that they plan on contacting the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF).
“Every student should feel safe at their graduation and should not have to worry about religious bullying,” they said.
Smith reportedly left the room during the duration of the prayer.
The first part of the hearing was open to the public. Maddy's lawyer argued that privacy had been breached because the affidavit for one of the search warrants had been leaked, and that the grand jury is chilling free speech and freedom of association. The prosecution didn't want to talk about anything because they needed secrecy so the judge kicked out the public.
During the closed part, the prosecution said no, there's no basis for any of those claims, there's no affidavit from the defendant (Maddy) claiming either that they didn't publish the statement being attributed to them or that they are afraid of bodily harm if they were to testify. Also fear of retribution isn't a valid reason to not testify. In regards to the grand jury starting before May Day, the prosecution said the grand jury wasn't investigating anarchists before May Day. The prosecution claimed that Portland anarchists were being followed prior to May Day for a related but separate investigation, and the July 25th raids were for something other than the grand jury.
The hearing was opened up again and the judge rejected Maddy's lawyer's arguments. The judge found Maddy in contempt and told them they have the keys to their own cell – if at any point they choose to be a snitch they will be let out of prison (wouldn't it be nice if they actually had the physical keys to their own cell!). Maddy has to report to SeaTac FDC by 9am on Dec. 26th.
The hearing was closed again, and the prosecutor argued that there is very good reason to believe that Maddy will flee because of actions of others related to the case. The prosecutor said (paraphrasing): “Every day that goes on in this investigation, I am keenly aware of the fact that there are two other people in custody and that weighs heavily on my conscience, and the sooner we can bring this to indictments the sooner this will be over. This investigation is nearing its end and the longer we put things off with postponements the harder it is for us to move forward.” The judge said (paraphrase) “you make it seem like convincing this one witness to talk will bring this investigation to indictments. Do you have evidence to indicate that?” Prosecutor said “no I don't.” Judge said “I don't care what other people are doing, Maddy has shown up for every court date on time, I have no reason to believe Maddy is a flight risk.”
Remember, THE STATE is the body keeping Matt and KteeO in prison. Their feigned concern for Matt and KteeO is bullshit; if the state actually cared about Matt and KteeO, they could release them now (and all other prisoners while they're at it).
Advertisements
TEL AVIV – Israel is preparing for a scenario in which hundreds of terrorists armed with high trajectory fire as well as anti-tank missiles attack from Sinai, the outgoing commander of the IDF's Sagi Brigade said this week.
Col Yehuda HaCohen, in charge of the brigade stationed on the 105-mile stretch between the Sinai Peninsula and Israel, told Hebrew-language daily Maariv that their division has witnessed new threats coming from Sinai including the proliferation of terrorists associated with the Islamic State and an increase in cross-border smuggling.
HaCohen, who is about to begin their studies at the National Security College, said the lack of governance in the area has resulted in the Sinai becoming “a breeding ground for terror.”
The presence of Islamic State elements in recent years has changed the Sinai, though HaCohen asserts that in the meantime the extremists have not set their sights on Israel but instead are working on purging out infidels from their midst.
“IS has set out first to purify themselves while expanding their territory. They act as if they are in the Middle Ages. They occupy territories and publicly behead those who don't join, the rest automatically join,” they said.
“They control lots of resources such as gas and they traffic people. They sell people into slavery, buying weapons with the money,” they added.
Egypt's fears regarding the presence of the terror group in its country were exacerbated after the downing of the Russian plane, which IS claimed responsibility for.
HaCohen noted that even though they only number about 1,000 members, they commit attacks against Egypt almost daily.
“The Egyptians are actively working against them but they are still succeeding in larger attacks,” they said, adding that while the terrorists are using sophisticated methods, Egypt is “stuck in 1973.”
But, they continued, Egypt has upped its game significantly because it understands it must defeat the terrorists for two primary reasons: The first is to prevent IS jihadists from entering Egypt proper and the second is the country cannot risk losing its status as leader of the Muslim world – a status which Turkey is vying for.
However, HaCohen notes, the moment IS starts turning its attention to Israel it doesn't stand a chance.
“What they need to understand with us is that soon we will have the F-35, putting an end to all their fantasies,” HaCohen said, referring to the stealth fighter that has been dubbed a “lethal, hitech wonder weapon.”
“The story will end with the F-35,” they added.
HaCohen was quick to point out that the preparations being carried out by the IDF in the event of a confrontation with IS are on a different level to the internal threats the country faces with Palestinian terror.
“We aren't only watching and analyzing them, we are preparing out troops. This isn't like the stabbings at the Damascus Gate, these scenarios involve hundreds of terrorists shooting, with high trajectory fire as well as anti-tank missiles,” they said.
HaCohen says that even though the terror group's presence isn't large in Sinai, it has been relatively successful.
“If there was an IS competition for which region is best, they would win. They have succeeded in a remarkable number of attacks, leaving hundreds dead and thousands injured,” they said.
The terror group's attempts to rule over the Bedouins though, have largely failed. According to HaCohen, the “drug trade in the Sinai is very lucrative, and the Bedouins are not willing to give this up so easily.”
HaCohen said that even though Egypt is getting better at fighting IS, there is little doubt the terror group will eventually zero in on Israel.
“They say to themselves: ‘first we will finish the infidels, than we will take care of the dogs'…We are a notch below the infidels,” they said, adding that until now they've refrained from attacking largely due to deterrence.
The 2017 Mnet Asian Music Awards (hereafter 2017 MAMA) will feature a very special collaboration!
On November 20, a press conference was held for 2017 MAMA. At the event, Mnet director Kim Ki Woong revealed, “In Japan, AKB48 and I.O.I's special collaboration stage is prepared.”
They explained, “AKB48 has been promoting for over 10 years in Japan as a national idol group. Their members are selected by votes, which is something they have in common with ‘Produce 101,' which is why this collaboration stage was prepared.”
It has not yet been revealed which, if not all, I.O.I members will be participating.
Kim Ki Woong added, “Plenty of collaboration stages between Korean artists are also prepared, so please anticipate them.”
2017 MAMA in Japan will be held on November 29 and will be hosted by Park Bo Gum.
Source (1)
[van id=”us/2014/08/28/erin-moos-bugatti-lagoon-crash.cnn”]
(CNN) – A dealer of high-end cars named Andy House faces serious jail time after they were convicted this week of crashing a million-dollar Bugatti for the $2.2 million insurance policy he'd taken out.
Video of the crash shot by onlookers gawking at the exotic supercar was pivotal in their conviction.
House first told police they dropped their cell phone, reached for it, and upon sitting back up was distracted by a low flying pelican, which they tried to avoid by jerking the wheel, leading them to crash into the salt water marsh near Galveston, Texas five years ago.
The video of the crash showed no pelican, and that House never hit the brakes.
House also claimed they ran off and left the 1001-horsepower engine running in the salt water, ruining it, because the mosquitoes in the marsh were really bad.
Though there's a 20 year maximum for wire fraud, House is likely to face a year or two in prision.
Blue Bell Widens Recall To All Of Its Products Over Listeria Worries
Enlarge this image toggle caption Blue Bell
Texas ice cream maker Blue Bell Creameries has widely expanded a voluntary recall over Listeria concerns, seeking the return of all of its products currently on the market. Blue Bell products are sold in 23 states.
"We are heartbroken about this situation and apologize to all of our loyal Blue Bell fans and customers," CEO and President Paul Kruse said in a company statement. "We want to enjoy our ice cream to be a source of joy and pleasure, never a cause for concern, so we are committed to getting this right."
The recall includes ice cream, frozen yogurt and sherbet. And unlike Blue Bell's other recent recalls, it covers products from all of its manufacturing facilities.
Calling the situation "a complex and ongoing multistate outbreak of listeriosis occurring over an extended period of several years," the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it has traced eight related cases of Listeria: five in Kansas and three in Texas. Those cases span a time period from 2011 to 2015.
"All eight case patients are adults, and three deaths have been reported from Kansas," the FDA says.
The bacterium Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and people with weakened immune systems. It can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths in pregnant women. Symptoms include a fever, muscle aches and a stiff neck.
Unlike many other potential food contaminants, Listeria monocytogenes can keep growing under refrigerated conditions. The incubation period can range from three days to 70 days.
Blue Bell says it is bolstering its sanitizing and training programs and "expects to resume distribution soon on a limited basis once it is confident in the safety of its product."
The company is adopting a new preemptive testing system, in which "all products will be tested first and held for release to the market only after the tests show they are safe."
The full recall comes nearly one month after Blue Bell issued a voluntary recall for ice cream made in its Broken Arrow, Okla., plant. That recall was spurred by a test that came back positive for Listeria monocytogenes in its ice cream at a Kansas hospital.
Earlier this month, Blue Bell and the Food and Drug Administration announced another recall, after a pint of its banana pudding ice cream also tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes. That result prompted the company to idle its Oklahoma facility and recall all products made there.
But other tests also found a risk from products made at Blue Bell's plant in Brenham, Texas. The FDA says it "was notified that the three strains related to the Kansas illness cluster and four other rare strains of Listeria monocytogenes" were detected in two different products in South Carolina that had been made in Brenham.
That finding came from random sampling that was done in February; it was later confirmed by the Texas health agency's testing of three products made at the Brenham plant.
Binyamin Netanyahu suffered a major setback in Israel's general election as results gave the narrowest of victories for the rightwing-religious block and a surprisingly strong showing for a new centrist party formed last year, forcing the prime minister to say they will seek a broad coalition to govern Israel.
Right wing and allied Orthodox religious parties won half the seats in the Israeli parliament, presenting Netanyahu with a tough political challenge to put together a stable coalition.
Netanyahu remains on course to continue as prime minister, as their rightwing electoral alliance, Likud-Beiteinu, is the biggest party after winning 31 of 120 seats in the next parliament. But it was a sharp drop from the present combined total of 42 for the two parties.
Yesh Atid, a new centrist party led by the former television personality Yair Lapid, won 19 seats. It concentrated its election campaign on socio-economic issues and removing the exemption for military service for ultra-orthodox Jews.
Netanyahu called Lapid, whose unexpected success hands them a pivotal role in coalition negotiations, as the final results came in to discuss a potential government.
Likud officials quoted the Israeli prime minister as telling Lapid: "We have the opportunity to do great things together".
But Netanyahu was also putting out feelers to ultra-Orthodox parties which could prove vital in putting together a government, saying they would open coalition talks with them on Thursday.
Final results could shift, although not dramatically, later in the week after votes from serving members of the military are counted.
Two out of three Israelis voted in Tuesday's election, a slightly higher proportion than in the previous two elections, surprising observers who had predicted a fall in turnout.
In a speech at their election headquarters in Tel Aviv, Netanyahu said: "I believe the election results are an opportunity to make changes that the citizens of Israel are hoping for and that will serve all of Israel's citizens. I intend on leading these changes, and to this end we must form as wide a coalition as possible, and I have already begun talks to that end this evening."
Lapid told campaign workers in Tel Aviv: "We must now … find the way to work together to find real solutions for real people. I call on the leaders of the political establishment to work with me together, to the best they can, to form as broad a government as possible that will contain in it the moderate forces from the left and right, the right and left, so that we will truly be able to bring about real change."
Dov Lipman, who won a seat for Yesh Atid, said: "This is a very clear statement that the people of Israel want to see a different direction. We will get the country back on track."
Labour was the third largest party, with 15 seats. Party leader Shelly Yachimovich said in a statement: "There is no doubt we are watching a political drama unfold before our eyes … There is a high chance of a dramatic change, and of the end of the Netanyahu coalition." They said they intended to attempt to "form a coalition on an economic-social basis that will also push the peace process forward." It seems unlikely Yachimovich could present a credible alternative to Netanyahu's claim to the premiership.
Erel Margalit of Labour said the results indicated "a protest vote against Netanyahu" and that the huge social justice protests that swept Israel 18 months ago "were not a fringe phenomenon. Perhaps some of it is moving from the streets into the political arena".
The ultra-nationalist Jewish Home, which showed strongly in opinion polls during the campaign, was at 11 seats, the same as the ultra-orthodox party Shas. The leftist party Meretz made an unexpectedly strong showing, with six seats, more than doubling its current presence.
Speculation about the composition of the next coalition government intensified as the results came in. Israel's electoral system of proportional representation has ensured no single party has gained an absolute majority since the creation of the state almost 65 years ago. Negotiations are expected to last several weeks.
As the leader of the biggest party, Netanyahu will be first in line to assemble a coalition. Although Netanyahu's natural partners are the smaller rightwing and religious parties, they are likely to be keen to include Yesh Atid and possibly Hatnua, which is led by former foreign minister Tzipi Livni and won seven seats. However, Livni's insistence on a return to meaningful negotiations with the Palestinians could deter Netanyahu from inviting them join him.
Three parties mostly supported by Israeli Arabs had 12 seats between them. Although they are regarded as part of the left bloc in the Knesset, it is unlikely they would be part of any coalition government.
Yehuda Ben Meir of the Institute of National Security Studies, said: "The story of this election is a slight move to the centre, and above all the possibility of Netanyahu forming a coalition only with their 'natural partners' does not exist.  They are definitely going to work for a wider coalition."
According to Ari Shavit of the liberal newspaper Haaretz, Netanyahu had failed to consolidate or advance their party's position. "While in the past they were given poor cards and played them well, this time they had the best cards and played them badly. This was a lesson in how not to run a campaign."
Kadima, which was the biggest party in the last parliament with 28 seats, saw its support plummet and only just crossed the threshold of votes needed to win two seats, according to the partial results.
In Washington, the Obama administration said it is waiting to see the makeup of the new government and its policies on peace with the Palestinians. But the White House spokesperson, Jay Carney, said there would be no change in US policy.
"The United States remains committed, as it has been for a long time, to working with the parties to press for the goal of a two-state solution. That has not changed and it will not change," they said.
Maps
AI
Immersion
Potential Improvements
Getty Images
There was some uncertainty about whether or not safety Reshad Jones was going to report for the start of OTAs with the rest of the Dolphins on Tuesday.
As it turns out, Jones wasn't the member of the secondary to worry about. The safety reported for duty, but rookie cornerback Jamar Taylor missed the session. Barry Jackson of the Miami Herald reports that Taylor had sports hernia surgery in Philadelphia on Tuesday instead of practicing with their teammates.
Taylor is expected to be sidelined four-to-six weeks as a result of the surgery, which means that they won't be joining their teammates on the field for the remaining offseason workouts or the June minicamp. The second-round pick is expected to be healthy in time for the start of training camp.
If they are good to go at camp, Taylor will have to make up some lost time in the fight for snaps in the defensive backfield. Brent Grimes, Richard Marshall, Nolan Carroll, Dimitri Patterson and fellow rookie Will Davis will be their chief competition in that battle.
Immigration arrests across Southern California over the past week were planned before President Trump took office and could be compared to similar operations the occurred last summer, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement official said.
The Los Angeles Times reported that authorities arrested more than 160 people in the five-day sweep, most of whom have criminal histories.
David Marin, the director, told the paper that most of those arrested had prior felony convictions, but a few were taken in because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
They said five people would not have met the Obama administration's enforcement priorities but were arrested because they were found to be in the country illegally.
“The rash of these recent reports about ICE checkpoints and random sweeps and the like, it's all false, and that's definitely dangerous and irresponsible,” Marin told the paper. “Reports like that create panic, and they put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger.”
They said similar operations took place this week in Atlanta, New York and Chicago.
Immigrant advocates decried a series of arrests that federal deportation agents said aimed to round up criminals in Southern California but they believe mark a shift in enforcement under the Trump administration.
Advocates began fielding calls Thursday from immigrants and their lawyers reporting raids at homes and businesses in the greater Los Angeles area.
In one instance, agents knocked on one door looking for a man and ended up arresting another who is in the country illegally but has no criminal record — something Angelica Salas, the executive director of the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles, said would not likely have happened previously.
"This was not normal," Salas told reporters Friday.
The announcement of the arrests comes days after an Arizona woman was arrested and deported to Mexico after what they thought was a routine check in with immigration officials and amid heightened anxiety among immigrant communities since Trump signed an executive order to expand deportations.
A decade ago, immigration officers searching for specific individuals would often arrest others found along the way, a practice that drew criticism from advocates. Under the Obama administration, agents also carried out arrests but focused more narrowly on specific individuals.
In the suburbs of Los Angeles, 50-year-old house painter Manuel Mosqueda was there when their fiancé answered the door, thinking it was police, their 21-year-old daughter Marlene said.
"They were looking for someone else and they took my dad in the process," they said.
Karla Navarrete, a lawyer for CHIRLA, said they sought to stop Mosqueda from being placed on a bus to Mexico and was told by ICE that things had changed. They said another lawyer filed federal court papers to halt their removal.
Salas said the agency provided scant details to lawyers who headed to the detention center in response to the phone calls, and in the past was more forthcoming with information.
They also said there is increased anxiety in the community about immigration enforcement since Trump's order.
Democratic state lawmakers denounced the arrests and urged immigrants to know their rights and what to do if approached by federal authorities.
“Even under Obama we had sweeps or big operations where they would go into a particular neighborhood or say that this week we're going to do a big operation and arrest people with certain profiles in certain parts of the city,” Jennie Pasquarella, a director of immigrant rights for the ACLU, said. “The piece of it that is new is some of the reports that we were getting yesterday indicating that there were people [arrested] who did not have any criminal convictions at all.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report
After saying that they have seen “a lot of hatred” on social media since the Packers locked arms during the national anthem on Sunday, Aaron Rodgers shared this on Instagram.
In their caption that is dripping with sarcasm, Rodgers is essentially asking why people are criticizing players for “disrespecting the anthem” when they have never called out others, such as camera people doing their jobs, who don't stand in respect of the flag while the anthem is playing.
I can't imagine what kind of social media attacks these cameramen must be enduring after taking a knee during the anthem and wearing a hat.
#unity #equalityforall #love #cometogether #invitationtojoin
The day before, Rodgers told reporters that the Packers are asking fans in attendance to join them in locking arms during the anthem. Here's how the Super Bowl champion quarterback explained why he's protesting, per the Green Bay Press-Gazette‘s Ryan Wood:
Rodgers said the protest was not intended to disrespect the military, but rather to stress unity. “This is about equality,” Rodgers said. “This is about unity and love and growing together as a society, and starting a conversation around something that may be a little bit uncomfortable for people. But we've got to come together and talk about these things and grow as a community, as a connected group of individuals in our society, and we're going to continue to show love and unity.”
The recent NFL protests have been a reaction to President Donald Trump's inflammatory comments about how they believe players who protest should be fired, but they first started with Colin Kapernick refusing to stand for the anthem to call attention to racial inequality and police brutality.
Players have given various reasons for why they're kneeling or standing or locking arms during the anthem. However, none of the reasons involve disrespecting the anthem or America or the military.
newsletter Get 10 hot stories each day Thanks for signing up.
Please check your email for a confirmation. Thanks for signing up.
Please check your email for a confirmation.
A motorist's attempt to pass an 18-wheeler on the shoulder of Interstate 10 in foggy conditions apparently triggered Tuesday night's fatal crash that sent a tractor-trailer plummeting off the Middle Pearl River bridge east of Slidell, State Police said Wednesday (Nov. 4). The motorist, driving a black pickup truck, fled the scene and is still being sought.
The body of the tractor trailer driver, Steven Shawn Clark, 26, of Theodore, Ala., was retrieved from the Middle Pearl River by divers. Clark was pronounced dead at the scene, State Police said.
The driver of the westbound pickup tried to pass an 18-wheeler on the right shoulder shortly before 9 p.m. but they ran out of room because the shoulder ended at the bridge, State Police Sgt. Nick Manale said. The motorist swerved back into the right lane but hit the tractor-trailer, they said.
The tractor-trailer swerved and hit another 18-wheeler traveling in the left lane, Manale said. One of the trucks crashed through the bridge's left concrete guardrail - taking out about 75 feet of the railing - and fell to the water below, they said.
The driver's body was later recovered by divers from the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office.
The eastbound lanes were re-opened shortly before 7 a.m.
One westbound lane reopened around 8:45 a.m., State Police said. The second westbound lane was reopened later Wednesday afternoon.
Highway department workers placed concrete barriers along the edge of the left lane where the bridge railing was missing.
Anyone with information about the driver of the pickup is asked to contact Louisiana State Police Troop L at 985-893-6250.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Roger Harrabin says it has been a "year of weird weather"
This year could be the UK's warmest as measured by the world's oldest temperature record over almost 250 years, say researchers.
The 11 months from January to November have already been the warmest period on the Central England Temperature record.
And meteorologists from the University of Reading believe there is a 75% chance the year will turn out to be the hottest since the record began in 1772.
They say human-made climate change is at least partly to blame globally.
According to the CET record - which measures representative temperatures from a triangular area between Lancashire, London and Bristol - every month so far this year apart from August has been above the long-term average.
The researchers said 2014 would set a new record unless December temperatures were cool.
BBC News environment analyst Roger Harrabin said it had been a "year of weird weather".
"A record wet winter with floods to match. Then the driest ever September, followed by the Halloween heat - the warmest such day on record," our correspondent said.
November in Australia was its hottest ever, contributing to its hottest ever spring.
Global and UK figures are due to be published by the Met Office later.
NEW DELHI: With Supreme Court verdict already out, 21 state units have already confirmed in writing to Lodha Panel about implementing all reforms even as former presidents N Srinivasan and Anurag Thakur joined forces in Bengaluru.It was learnt that 24 administrators of various state units who are either disqualified or going into compulsory cooling off met in the Garden City to discuss their future."Today 21 state units have already written to BCCI that they are adopting Lodha Panel reforms. So if 24 individuals, who are no longer qualified officials meet anywhere in India, no one should be bothered. They are individuals who went on their own capacity. These officials who went stand disqualified as per SC verdict," a source close to Lodha Panel told PTI today.Asked about reports that some associations may not allow matches to happen in their stadiums, the source, themselves a legal expert of repute said: "It is strange that an individual no longer associated with BCCI can make such claims about a facility built on government land and with BCCI. It's not an individual property."In Bengaluru today, apart from Srinivasan and Thakur, former secretary Ajay Shirke, sacked by Apex Court along with joint secretary Amitabh Chaudhary and treasurer Aniruddh Chaudhary attended the meeting. IPL chairperson Rajeev Shukla was another prominent member.All these officials are now Persona Non Grata after the SC verdict on January 2.Mumbai Cricket Association's PV Shetty was also present in the meeting.The six associations that did not come for the meeting are institutional bodies Railways, Services, Universities along with National Cricket Club (NCC), Vidarbha CA and DDCA.Putting aside their differences, Thakur and Srinivasan, who had taken potshots at each other not so long ago exchanged opinions on way forward in light of the Apex Court verdict."Yes, it was an informal meeting. Thakur and Srinivasan were very cordial with each other. Obviously the current situation was discussed. Srinivasan asked if we are all together in it or not. Even Thakur understands, they need Srinivasan by their side now. Out of 24, at least 18 are still Srini loyalists," a state association official told PTI on conditions of anonymity.Asked if there was any discussion of state associations preventing the new set of observers from hosting matches at cricket stadiums, they said: "That's absurd. Nothing of that sort has been discussed. At least it won't happen in my association," said the official from one of the eastern state units.Was there any discussions on forming parallel body, they kept cards close to their chest."Today's meeting was about checking unity and we will again have a meeting in two weeks time. Let the January 19 pass and we can take it on from there. As of now, nothing concrete has been discussed. There is a Supreme Court verdict and we can't do anything about it now," they added.
LONDON (Reuters) - “This is nice, it tickles me,” Kaspar the social robot tells four-year-old Finn as they play together at an autism school north of London.
Kaspar, developed by the University of Hertfordshire, also sings song, imitates eating, plays the tambourine and combs their hair during their sessions aimed at helping Finn with their social interaction and communication.
If Finn gets too rough, the similarly sized Kaspar cries: “Ouch, that hurt me.” A therapist is on hand to encourage the child to rectify their behavior by tickling the robot's feet.
Finn is one of around 170 autistic children that Kaspar has helped in a handful of schools and hospitals over the last 10 years.
But with approximately 700,000 people in Britain on the autism spectrum, according to the National Autistic Society who will mark World Autism Day on Sunday, the university want Kaspar to help more people.
“Our vision is that every child in a school or a home or in a hospital could get a Kaspar if they wanted to,” Kerstin Dautenhahn, professor of artificial intelligence at the University of Hertfordshire, told Reuters.
Achieving that goal will largely depend on the results of a two-year clinical trial with the Hertfordshire Community NHS Trust, which, if successful, could see Kaspar working in hospitals nationwide.
TRACKS, an independent charity and specialist early years center for children with autism in Stevenage, have seen positive results from working with Kaspar, who sports a blue cap and plaid shirt for play sessions.
“We were trying to teach a little boy how to eat with their peers. They usually struggled with it because of their anxiety issues,” said deputy principal Alice Lynch.
“We started doing it with Kaspar and they really, really enjoyed feeding Kaspar, making them eat when they were hungry, things like that. Now he's started to integrate into the classroom and eat alongside their peers. So things like that are just a massive progression.”
Many children with autism find it hard to decipher basic human communication and emotion so Kaspar's designers avoided making them too lifelike and instead opted for simplified, easy to process features.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Autism support groups have been impressed.
“Many autistic people are drawn to technology, particularly the predictability it provides, which means it can be a very useful means of engaging children, and adults too,” Carol Povey, director of the National Autistic Society's Centre for Autism, told Reuters.
“This robot is one of a number of emerging technologies which have the potential to make a huge difference to people on the autism spectrum.”
Whether you've read all the year-end best albums lists or even just one, you probably noticed that Grimes' Art Angels is often mentioned—including on ours, because, duh. Our latest Fuse First artist explained the differences between creating their latest and 2012's Visions, their critically acclaimed breakout record.
"I made Visions in a couple weeks and Art Angels took me like a year. In that regard, there's a more diverse range of headspaces, where Visions, a lot of songs I made within a single day. Taking more time to write was great just in the sense that there were songs that four months before the album came out they were almost a year old at that point. I was able to step back, look at things and decide what was best, instead of kind of just throwing out everything that I made.
"I love Visions as an album, but I do feel like there's a bit of filler. I was on a deadline, the release date was set before the album was done, and there were just unfinished things. It was really just what I made in that period; there weren't a lot of demos. For this record, I got to try out a bunch of different styles and try a bunch of different things that I probably wouldn't have been able to do."
While Abby (Paige Turco), Kane (Henry Ian Cusick) and Octavia (Marie Avgeropoulos) are staying put in Polis, Clarke (Eliza Taylor) and Bellamy (Bob Morley) are headed back to Arkadia to try to solve “The 100's” the newest problem: A radiation apocalypse.
The one thing throwing a wrench into this plan to avoid certain doom is that Bellamy and Clarke have also decided to keep the circle of people who knows about this impending danger very small. Everyone else is completely in the dark, which is surely going to turn out poorly for their little leadership group.
We spoke to Bob Morley about how the kids will handle this race to find shelter from the oncoming radiation, as well as whether or not we'll see a changed Bellamy this year after all he's done and experienced.
RELATED: Clarke & Bellamy keep ‘The 100's' biggest threat yet a secret
Why are Bellamy and Clarke keeping this radiation problem a secret, and how will that secret play out?
The idea to keep it a secret in a way is a throwback to Season 1 and trying to protect the public from this huge problem that we have without a solution. We want to develop some sort of solution, or some morsel of hope, that we can at least offer them as a counter to this huge problem. That starts to weigh heavily on everyone, and starts to put the pressure on everyone who knows about it — Abby, Kane, Octavia, Clarke, Raven (Lindsey Morgan) and everyone else. It puts a ton of pressure on them to come up with a solution as fast as they can.
You'll start to see cracks appear in the leadership group, because people have different ideas on that. Secrets are never really kept for that long on this show … it's slowly going to bubble over at some point.
Can we expect Bellamy to prioritize Skaikru lives over Grounder lives in this newest apocalypse?
This season is an interesting journey for Bellamy in that sense, because you'll find throughout the previous seasons he's always just focused on saving the 100, and Skaikru. I think Octavia is a huge catalyst to get them to try to open their eyes to a broader world. Especially in Episode 2, there's a decision that's made that shows he's starting to learn that it's not all just about their people. That journey for them takes some time, but it'll start to really influence the way they handle situations now… It starts to come down to morality, and whether we deserve to live.
Is Bellamy still feeling guilt for killing the Grounder army with Pike?
Yeah, I think he's absolutely carrying that around with him. He's always carrying some sort of weight or responsibility. Now he's got the burden of the guilt that goes with him. I think that's what Kane is trying to get them to get over. He's just basically trying to get Bellamy to understand that the decisions from here on out have to be made with a clear head. The guilt that you're carrying isn't going to help, it's just going to hinder you, and your ability to make the right choice.
I don't think they should be let off lightly — a lot has happened — but the fact that there is a ticking clock on this thing doesn't allow them to indulge, in a way, their own depression about what he's done.
RELATED: ‘The 100': Jason Rothenberg teases Azgeda & Trikru's ‘bipolor relationship'
Bellamy and Octavia are split up in the first few episodes. Do you think that breathing room will be good for their relationship?
Absolutely. Bellamy said at the end of Season 3 that they didn't want them to just kill for the sake of revenge, because that's something that they had done, and he's now dealing with those demons. But saying that — it's very easy for them to say, but her, they have to learn that for herself.
I think Bellamy knows that they need space from them and that their word doesn't mean as much as it used to to her, which is quite a painful thing for both of them. Their choice to leave and their choice to stay is, I think, probably the best choice at the moment. If you push them into trying to understand each other, one of them ends up getting the crap kicked out of them.
Will Bellamy play a part in any of the Ark flashbacks this year?
You're going to learn a lot more about the mythology of the Ark and how things came to be. I'm not necessarily sure you'll be seeing Bellamy throughout a lot of that, but you'll definitely have a better understanding of the world they live in through those flashbacks.
Will Clarke and Bellamy's relationship be more solid this year now that they're on the same side?
Well, even though they're on the same side, they still have an absolute different approach to leadership. That's going to cause a lot of problems as well, but they're working towards the same goal with just a different method. It's always frustrating when you're with your friend and you agree on the same [destination], but you get there through different methods, and you try to convince the other one that you're right. So there's a lot of that going on.
Not everyone in the group is on the same page as Bellamy and Clarke… There's a lot of conflict going on between Bellamy and Clarke, and then Bellamy and Clarke and the rest of the leadership group.
Is a romance between Bellamy and Clarke on the agenda for this year at all?
I think that the world that they live in doesn't really lend itself to a good relationship, in terms of romance. The world is definitely not lending itself to romance at all right now, but they will definitely grow with each other and learn from each other. This season is a really interesting one where you see, in a way, their ideologies shift. When that happens, it's really interesting — when Bellamy and Clarke almost change roles in a way. Maybe not roles, but definitely ideologies, on what is right and what is wrong. It will be a lot of fun to play.
What about Bellamy and Echo? Are we going to see them butt heads again?
Yeah, absolutely. I love working with Tasya [Teles], and it's great to have Echo back, because it's always good to have that conflict. Those two are definitely entwined throughout the season, and you'll have to wait and see what happens there. Even I was pretty surprised with the outcome. It was a lot of fun. It was a great time to work within that realm. Even though the world is ending, there's also these personal problems and issues that need to be addressed as well.
“The 100” airs Wednesdays at 9 p.m. ET/PT on The CW.
Danny Moloshok/Associated Press
The Houston Rockets will have a completely revamped look for 2017-18, acquiring Chris Paul before the start of free agency to make an all-in push at dethroning the Golden State Warriors.
Paul joins James Harden in a Houston backcourt that looks like it should be the most dynamic in basketball. There will be logistical challenges in how each player has to change their game, especially given their success as primary ball-handlers. Harden nearly won the MVP last season in their first year as a point guard under Mike D'Antoni; people call Paul the Point God.
There are some issues to unmuddy here.
The Rockets have also been consistently linked to Carmelo Anthony over the last month without resolution. Anthony has formally requested a trade to Houston after being alienated by the now-deposed former New York Knicks president Phil Jackson for more than a year. No deal has been made yet, but there's a decent expectation that Anthony will eventually find themselves in Houston.
All of that makes the Rockets' season all the more interesting to watch. Here's a brief look at what to expect from perhaps (finally) the best team in Texas.
To check out the full Rockets schedule, click here.
2017-18 Details
Season Opener: Oct. 17 at Golden State
Championship Odds: 10-1 (via Oddsshark)
Full Schedule: NBA.com
Top Games
Golden State Warriors: Oct. 17, Jan. 4, Jan. 20
The Rockets are trying to compete for a championship. You don't add 32-year-old Paul and (likely) 33-year-old Anthony without a win-now edict. Their four-year extension with James Harden will keep their window open beyond Paul's and Anthony's end of their primes, but the Rockets are either winning now or paying a lot of money for runner-up trophies.
Problem: No one matches up with the Warriors. No one even comes frankly all that close. LeBron James is probably the second-greatest basketball player in history, played at their ultimate peak of efficiency and all-around brilliance, and they could only drag the Cavaliers to one win over this team in last year's NBA Finals.
Paul's a great defender, but Harden tops out as average (at best) and Anthony's been a lost cause on that end for years. These aren't the players you build around if you're going to try defending Golden State on the perimeter. Trevor Ariza (???) is a good defender, but no one alive—not even Kawhi Leonard—can defend Kevin Durant at their ultimate peak.
These games will be three-jacking scorefests, not dissimilar to last year's Finals. The Rockets, like the Cavs, will try to beat Golden State simply by outscoring them.
Doing that over a seven-game stretch feels impossible at this point, but these games are must-watch for a few nights of the regular season.
Prediction
It's hard to predict exactly where the Rockets will wind up until we know whether they'll have Anthony in the fold. With Carmelo, they're going to be a 55-to-60-win team that competes with the Spurs for the West's second seed. The Warriors, Rockets and Spurs are clearly the class of the West, regardless, and they'll wind up as the top three seeds—even if Melo somehow winds up elsewhere.
Interestingly, Houston's regular-season ceiling might be a little lower with Paul and Anthony in the fold. Both are aging players who need rest. If you get 70 games out of both at this point, you're more than happy.
Harden threw the Rockets on their back for 55 wins last season, but that was a different roster. Houston has less depth and a little bit less outside shooting than it did a year ago. Adding Paul is a no-brainer move. Doing so at the loss of Patrick Beverley and Lou Williams (plus a couple of developing young guys) hurts, and so will shed the players necessary to add Carmelo's salary.
Houston's trying to build something akin to the Boston Celtics' Big Three, featuring late-prime players (minus Harden) all desperate for a ring. It's tough to see them pulling it off, but getting to 55 wins shouldn't be a problem.
A European trademark holder has filed a lawsuit against Apple over the name ‘iWatch‘, despite the fact that the company's own product was ultimately named Apple Watch. The issue it seems is paid promotion on Google search ads when the term “iWatch” is searched. Since Apple's smartwatch was long rumored to be called the iWatch, and many regulars (including Tim Cook) still refer to it as such, Cupertino figured people would search for ‘iWatch' when looking for its new device and took out some Google Ads for the keyword to take advantage. Search for ‘iWatch' yourself and you'll almost certainly see a link to Apple Watch as the top result…
Probendi, the company behind the lawsuit, took issue with this as it owns the European rights to the iWatch trademark. Probendi's complaint, filed on June 26 in Milan (revealed by Bloomberg), reads as follows: “Apple has systematically used iWatch wording on Google search engine in order to direct customers to its own website, advertising Apple Watch.”
Head on over to the company's own homepage and you'll see that's practically all the company wants you to know about. It doesn't say what iWatch is or does, but it wants to make darn sure we know that it has the trademark. We'll forget for a second that the announcement comes alongside an image of a fascia-less Nokia 3310.
Probendi Limited is the sole entity lawfully entitled to use the name “iWatch” for products such as “Apple Watch” within the European Union, and will promptly take all appropriate legal actions to oppose any unauthorized use of “iWatch” by whomever for that kind of products.
Apple — of course — is no stranger to trademark claims from smaller companies. Let's not forget the iPad naming lawsuit from a Chinese company whose own ‘iPad' was, ironically, a direct iMac copycat. In that regard, it's no surprise to see yet another small-time company trying to gain from Apple's success. It has happened many times in the past and will almost certainly continue in the future.
Although this specific lawsuit isn't the only reason Apple had to choose not to use ‘iWatch' as a brand name, this particular case is just a small drop in an ocean of inevitable court cases that would have happened. Probendi won't have been the only company in the world to try and register ‘iWatch' as a trademark before Apple launched its smartwatch. Swatch even tried to block the iWatch name from entering the market because of its iSwatch.
Companies weren't foolish to expect an iWatch to land either. For months, even years, before it was announced we were calling it iWatch. There's plenty of evidence to suggest that's what employees were calling it behind the scenes. Apple even registered the trademark overseas, in more than one country.
If that's not evidence in itself, let's not forget Tim Cook called it an iWatch (by mistake) too:
Clearly then, Apple had considered calling it iWatch for some time and was forced to switch. Not alienating the fashion community could conceivably be part of it. Avoiding vain lawsuits like these was also certainly a factor. If Apple can face lawsuits over the iWatch moniker without even using the name, imagine how bad it'd be if they did.
And we're back to actual backgrounds again. (Nice, simple, tree-less ones, but backgrounds nevertheless.)Previous: fav.me/db4fs22 Next: fav.me/db60opq PANEL 1:Spring Bonnie: You know I'm not letting either of you get away with not answering questions next time, right?Springtrap: Yeah, kinda saw that coming.PANEL 2:Foxy: Well, they're back and not being chased by anything, that's good. Did you get everything taken care of? What did Fredbear say?Springtrap: We have to go to the mine; it's probably gonna suck!PANEL 3:Foxy: The mines? What was Fredbear thinking? I guess that's where we're headed next, then. At least it doesn't snow in there; one less obstacle.PANEL 4:Foxy: Let Bonnie lead the way; they can clear a path. The snow's always deep by the mines.Springtrap: If they can also grab the attention of whatever horrible crap's probably in the mine and keep it away from me, that'd be great.PANEL 7:Foxy: Bonnie, I think we may need to make a slight detour.FNAF and all its characters belong to Scott Cawthon, not me.
× Cleveland man sentenced for raping twin girls
CLEVELAND– A Cuyahoga County judge sentenced a Cleveland man convicted of raping two 6-year-old girls.
A jury found 42-year-old Kabron Norman guilty on 10 counts, including rape, kidnapping and gross sexual imposition. On Friday, Common Pleas Judge Joseph D. Russo sentenced them to two consecutive life terms without parole.
According to the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office, Norman was babysitting the twin victims when the assault occurred. The girls' 8-year-old brother witnessed the attack and told their mother, who called police.
“Life without parole is a gift, compared to the trauma felt by these two 6-year-old girls and the heartache felt by the jury,” said assistant prosecutor Ronni Ducoff in a news release on Friday. “This jury witnessed one victim demonstrate… a sex act, an image that will forever be embedded in the memory of all who were present in the courtroom.”
Bill Dunford • March 25, 2013
A Different Angle on Mars
The Mars Global Surveyor mission was always a special one for me. This trailblazing orbiter was one of the first that I followed on an almost daily basis during its nine years in orbit. As new images appeared with regularity on the mission's web site, I relished the Martian vistas they revealed--alien, exotic, yet also familiar. Among this expedition's many discoveries were the first closeups of active crater gullies that suggested the possibility of modern water flows underground.
A little rummaging through the online attic of raw and processed data from the mission uncovered some intriguing images. I picked a few of my favorites and cleaned them up just a bit. Like all Mars Global Surveyor shots, these are views of the Red Planet from orbit. What's different here is the highly oblique angle of these images. In each, the powerful Mars Observer Camera is not oriented straight down for maximum resolution, but off toward the horizon.
The result is a set of views that make me think of what it might be like to be at Mars, flying over the planet in person, looking out the window. Be sure to enlarge them, and see if you enjoy them as much as I did.
NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems/Bill Dunford Martian Mountainside The Mars Global Surveyor captured this striking oblique view of the Solar System's greatest mountain, Olympus Mons. The extinct volcano towers 27 kilometers (17 miles) high. I've smoothed some of horizontal streaks that appeared in the original image. Click to enlarge. The Mars Global Surveyor captured this striking oblique view of the Solar System's greatest mountain, Olympus Mons. The extinct volcano towers 27 kilometers (17 miles) high. I've smoothed some of horizontal streaks that appeared in the original image. Click to enlarge.
NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems/Bill Dunford The Long View A cratered landscape and the thin wisp of Martian air as seen by the Mars Global Surveyor. I've removed some of the horizontal image artifacts from the raw image. A cratered landscape and the thin wisp of Martian air as seen by the Mars Global Surveyor. I've removed some of the horizontal image artifacts from the raw image.
NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems/Bill Dunford Cloudy Martian Mountaintop The Mars Global Surveyor orbiter caught this unusual view of the great volcano Arsia Mons shrouded in clouds. The Mars Global Surveyor orbiter caught this unusual view of the great volcano Arsia Mons shrouded in clouds.
NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems/Bill Dunford Morning Horizon A view of the Martian horizon at dawn, as seen from space by the Mars Global Surveyor. A view of the Martian horizon at dawn, as seen from space by the Mars Global Surveyor.
StockTwits Android app integrates with Robinhood's zero commission trading platform
StockTwits, Inc. Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 3, 2016
Two months ago we launched a partnership with Robinhood on iOS that has delighted users and made it simple to trade and share in fun and profitable ways.
After an outpouring of demand, today we're excited to announce that we are launching Robinhood brokerage functionality on the StockTwits Android App. This integration will allow you to connect your StockTwits account to your Robinhood account, enabling you to:
See the stocks on your watchlist that you own in your Robinhood account
View your position data on Ticker streams
Swipe to trade for free with Robinhood right from your StockTwits Watchlist and Trending List
Share verified Robinhood trades with the StockTwits community
Here's how it works.
First, make sure you have the latest version of the StockTwits Android app
Connect your StockTwits Account to your Robinhood Account
When you open up the StockTwits app you will be prompted to connect your Robinhood account. Make sure you have the latest version of the Robinhood Android App (2.0+), or else you will not be able to connect. You can also get to this screen by going into ‘Settings' and then ‘Brokerage Connections'.
View your Robinhood holdings on Watchlist and Ticker streams
Once you are connected, you can see stocks on your StockTwits watchlist that you hold in your Robinhood account, with more detail on the ticker page of that stock. Any stocks that you hold will have a Robinhood logo with the number of shares next to it. Please note that only you can see the stocks that you hold, it is not part of your public profile.
Initiate Robinhood trades straight from Watchlist and Trending
Once you connect, it's easy to trade directly from your watchlist and trending pages. Simply tap the three dots on the right of any stock and tap Buy (if you own the stock you'll also get the option of Sell). After you tap you will be brought into the Robinhood app to execute your trade. Once your trade is completed you will be brought back to the StockTwits app so you can share a Verified Trade.
Share Your Verified Trade on StockTwits
The most exciting piece of this integration is the ability to share your Verified Trades on StockTwits. Once you have placed a trade through Robinhood, you will receive a notification about it in your StockTwits app. When you tap that notification, you will be prompted to share your verified trade with the community (note: we never publish how many shares you bought).
We have been working hard to bring this functionality to our Android users, awesome job to @robgray_ for building it 🎉
Let me know if you have any questions, concerns or feedback at dave@stocktwits.com. Enjoy!
Best,
Dave
Director, Product
When the police got a call in the suburbs of Cologne about a kangaroo roaming freely through the Rhineland, they were sure it was an April Fool's prank, they told the media on Thursday.
It was only after "detailed questioning" and receiving "very believable" answers that police in the Rhein-Erft district realized that the caller was indeed telling them the truth.
The police were surprised to find a white kangaroo "really happily" hopping through a field in the town of Brühl. Despite an attempted rescue operation involving the local firefighters, the police were unable to capture the animal and were left wondering how an Australian marsupial came to be wandering the German countryside.
They called a traveling circus passing through the area, but the circus management said they had no missing kangaroos.
The owners, who remained unnamed by police, later contacted the authorities and confirmed that the kangaroo had returned to its paddock on its own.
The police suspect that fencing surrounding the animal's enclosure was likely knocked down when super storm "Niklas" hit the region this week.
es/sms (AFP, dpa)
I've noticed some rumbling in the site's comments sections about The King Of Limbs, maybe the first time I've seen packs of Radiohead fans disgruntled, or at least underwhelmed, about a Radiohead album. Some of you have even suggested The Universal Sigh newspaper is no more than a gimmick to distract folks from the underwhelming record. (Not to mention Liam Gallagher's take.) Or as Billboard put it: “Last time around, on 2007's In Rainbows, the music was just as interesting as all of the hoopla surrounding the album's impromptu, pay-what-you-will release. The King of Limbs cannot boast the same.” Even in positive reviews, like Pitchfork's 7.9 assessment, there's a sort of ho-hum vibe: There we're told, “the band's signature game-changing ambition is missed.” And Nitsuh Abebe writes for New York Magazine: “The whole album's very, very understated, to the point where it leaves you with two main options: Either you find it gorgeous or you don't much notice it at all.” What if you notice it, but don't really care? Entertainment Weekly seems to hit the nail on the head for what most lukewarm or chilly reviewers are critiquing:
Like all Radiohead records, Limbs mutates and shifts in clever, unexpected ways; somehow, the band makes verse-chorus-verse structures seem embarrassingly outmoded. But it's also tricky to find (or feel) an emotional center here, and the obvious hazard of focusing on atmospherics — and deliberately referencing other, less accessible genres, like dubstep and house — is that it can leave listeners feeling a bit like The King has no clothes: It's mood over melody, intellect over gut.
Incisive enough, but you get the sense critics would be even, well, more critical if it weren't Radiohead. Why's everyone game to grin and bear it? Or point toward a lack of ambition as an afterthought to their attempts to accentuate the positive? Most reviews — positive or negative or somewhere stuck between the two — include a disclaimer of some sort, suggesting that maybe it's the reviewer who's at fault, not the game-changing band the reviewer hasn't quite caught up with … Basically, people are very polite when it comes to Thom Yorke & Co.
More important than the journalists, though, are those commenters/fans I mentioned at the beginning. It doesn't matter what I think about King Of Limbs, it matters that more than a few Radiohead diehards seem put-off, confused, and worst of all, bored. Of course, there are the people who want Radiohead to sound like the Radiohead they first fell in love with because they'll always feel like alienated creeps, or whatever, but it also seems like fans of the exploratory band that refuses to stand still are also yawning a bit.
I'm not just interested in whether or not people like King Of Limbs. What's interesting to me is if this rumble of non-excitement and half-asleep compliments means we'll see a shift in the kid glove approach the band receives in the press. And, the bigger question: What does Radiohead's quiet, less crowd-pleasing post-In Rainbows songwriting (and “gimmick” marketing) mean for the future of the band and its seemingly less and less 100% loyal fanbase? Like, is it possible for Radiohead to release a “dud”?
There are certain universal truths I've come to accept and rely upon to make sure the world's in order and that I'll live to see another day: That the first sip of coffee in the morning is better than subsequent sips, that people will be under-dressed but happy on the first warm day of Spring, that Law & Order manages to tie-up all the lose ends just when you're losing faith, and that Radiohead fans follow the band with an almost blind adoration. What's up?
If you haven't listened to King Of Limbs yet, here's a stream. As everyone suggests, your best bet's putting on a pair of headphones first:
King Of Limbs is out now.
For the past three years I've been running a one-man games company from home, programming games and selling them direct to gamers all over the world.
Over that three years I discovered that all of my games were being pirated and 'shared' online. It's pretty hard to describe the feeling of finding your work pirated. The worst cases are where the person copying and posting your game on the internet insists other pirates 'thank them for their work'.
They mean their work copying the game, not my work actually making it. I had long been a fierce opponent of internet piracy, arguing endlessly and aggressively on web forums against the pirates. I'd actively fought against piracy of my games, getting copies of them removed as soon as they were found, in a never-ending battle.
A while ago I realised that although I thought I knew what the causes of people pirating my games were, I really had no idea. The only people who could really explain why so many people pirate games is the pirates themselves. So, rather innocently, I asked them to email me and tell me why they did it. I promised to read all of them and to keep an open mind. They replied in their thousands and it became a major topic on gaming news sites.
My website crashed as a result and people who couldn't contact me or email me had to post their responses on other sites. It seems nobody had ever bothered to ask this question before. The big games companies had occasionally reached for their lawyers, and the music companies are constantly issuing legal threats, combined with vast efforts to engineer technical methods to prevent piracy, but nobody had ever asked them why they did it.
Some of the responses ran to several pages, a few put Tolstoy to shame. It seems there are a lot of people who have waited a long time to tell the entertainment industry what they thought, and they had a lot to say. The top reasons seemed to be the high price of games, the copy-protection used on them, and the quality of the games themselves. Many of the pirates said they found the majority of games not worth the money, others were resentful of the way copy-protection treated honest customers as criminals. Time and time again people claimed they were happy to buy good games, at sensible prices.
As a result of what I found, I'm changing the way I make and sell my games. I already dropped some prices, and will keep future games cheaper, I abandoned copy-protection on all my games the next day, and resolved to work harder than ever before to make the best games that I can. I went from being demoralised and depressed by pirates to being motivated and encouraged by them. I asked them what they thought, then listened. Given the inability of big media companies to do either, I think I suddenly found my competitive advantage.
Cliff Harris is the founder of Positech Games
The third installment of the rebooted Star Trek films, Star Trek Beyond, hits theaters this July, and we might as well address the elephant in the room. After the trailer dropped, fans were, to say the least, disappointed. This doesn't look like your dad's Star Trek, but whereas 2010's Star Trek was a refreshing reintroduction to the main characters, fans are aching for a return to a more grounded version of the franchise at this point. In trying to be more inclusive and draw in a wider audience, who might otherwise eschew the more cerebral elements and themes of the franchise, Star Trek Beyond looks like your typical science fiction blockbuster, with more brawn than brains. And the most grievance offense? The use of the Beastie Boys song "Sabotage" to soundtrack it.
Nevertheless, we still think there's a lot to be excited for in the new movie. After all, it's not like we just stopped liking the cast that made the first rebooted Star Trek a hit. Here are 10 Reasons To Be Excited For Star Trek Beyond.
***Potential Spoilers Follow***
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 171 Shares Share Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
10 A NEW DIRECTOR
Presumably busy with The Force Awakens, and maybe a bit burnt out with all the space shenanigans, Abrams handed over the reins of this movie to Justin Lin, who has directed a slew of Fast & Furious films (the third, fourth, fifth and sixth, to be specific). With fans already twitchy that Beyond might be a bit more style-over-substance, Lin's involvement might not seem like much of a selling point, but Lin is a director with some pedigree. Their first film, Better Luck Tomorrow, was a favorite on the indie circuit, and Variety named them on of the "Top 10 Directors to Watch" in 2002.
Fans who weren't thrilled with Into Darkness should welcome the infusion of new blood. Harry Potter changed hands four times (Chris Columbus, Alfonso Cuarón, Mike Newell and David Yates). Bryan Singer took a hiatus after the first two X-Men films, and Pirates of the Caribbean franchise has had multiple directors as well. With the exception of Potter, which had an expiration date anyway, the other franchises are still popular and profitable.
Yes, stuff is going to blow up, but it is possible to make a smart movie that also has a ton of action sequences. It's not like those guys in Lord of the Rings sat on their asses eating bon-bons, and some could argue you need a degree in political science or international relations to follow a Jason Bourne move. Let's not be snobs.
9 IDRIS ELBA AS KRALL
The only downside to Elba playing the villain is that they spent hours in the make-up chair, preventing us from seeing their gorgeous face. Sorry, ladies, a well-groomed Chris Pine will have to do. We could go on about how unfair it is that we spent two hours looking at Benedict Cumberbatch's (Khan) mug as the primary antagonist in Into the Darkness but denied a glimpse of Elba's more agreeable visage, but let's not get sidetracked.
Elba, in a word, is a badass, and if you don't know them from The Wire or The Office or Luther, than immediately stop reading this and go watch and bask in the wonderment. Elba's other credits include: Thor, Pacific Rim, Thor: The Dark World and Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Krall is acknowledged in the Memory Gamma Wikia as "a Gorn assassin who later befriended Nox the Romulan commander of the USS Admonitor, and later became one of the founders of the Klingon Alliance." A search for Krall in a pretty comprehensive Star Trek database yields nothing, and Lin denies any previous connection, meaning that Krall could be a whole new kind of alien. Perhaps everyone learned their lesson following the Khan blowback after Into Darkness.
8 A HOT CHICK WHO CAN FIGHT
Krall isn't the only new alien on the block. Sofia Boutella (Kingsman: The Secret Service) plays Jaylah, a warrior who, like Krall, doesn't seem to belong to any existing race. This is good news. Two species for the price of one admission ticket. Word around Yahoo is Beyond features more new creatures than in the first two movies combined. The prime directive is to seek out NEW life, right? I could stand a break from Romulans and Klingons.
We don't know much about Jaylah, other than they can kick some serious ass. They do look to be an ally, since we see Captain Kirk rescue them from certain death in the trailer. That little blonde piece of action, Carol, isn't returning, so Jaylah could even be a potential love interest for Kirk. They do, and always will, have a thing for alien girls.
7 NEW WRITERS
Simon Pegg will not only reprise their role as Scotty, but they also co-wrote the script. Pegg has some street credit as a better-than-decent writer. Most of you know them as the scribe behind Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz, arguably their best work. Their third collaboration with Nick Frost, Paul, about two sci-fi geeks who meet an alien, rated a respectable 71% on Rotten Tomato's "Tomatometer."
Pegg's resume should offer some comfort for those who worry Beyond is all style and no substance. This might not sound like a compliment, but Pegg writes small. You won't be subjected to the banal banter of a Michael Bay or Jerry Bruckheimer bonanza. Instead, expect the movie to have some levity, but also to be focused on its characters.
6 A CHARISMATIC CAST
All of the major players are returning, with Pine and Quinto already attached to a fourth film. Scotty fans will get to see more of them this time around. A benefit of co-writing the script, perhaps? And while we know a lot about Spock and Kirk pre-Academy, Beyond will delve more into Sulu's (John Cho) backstory.
Pine embodies the role of Kirk well, tempering arrogance with confidence and ability, and we may receive death threats for this, but unlike Shatner, Pine can actually act. Our only concern this outing is the toupée-esque quality of Pine's hair.
Rounding out the cast are Karl Urban as Dr. "Bone" McCoy, Anton Yelchin as a baby-faced Chekov and Joseph Gatt as Science Officer 0178.
5 THERE IS A PLOT IN THERE SOMEWHERE
We join the crew of the Enterprise two years into their five-year mission. They manage to piss somebody off and get their ship blown up. This leaves the survivors stranded on a hostile planet, and it's up to the principal players to figure out how to get the hell out of Dodge.This feels like a safe and spoiler-proof assessment, give or take a few sub-plots.
Besties and brothers from another mother, Kirk and Spock, won't share as much screen time as in earlier films. The core group is split into various sub-sects, and it will be McCoy and Spock who will be spending quality time together and trading barbs in a way that is reminiscent to the characters' dynamic in the original series.
You want deep? We can delve deeper. We can prattle on about the dangers of colonialism and colonization. As intelligent moviegoers, you can draw your own conclusions on what it means to an alien race when a group of strangers, who call themselves the Federation, park their big old ship on your home planet, plop their feet up and plan to stay a while. As Krall says to Kirk in the now-infamous trailer, "This is when the frontier pushes back."
4 THE RELEASE DATE HAS SPECIAL SIGNIFICANCE
Beyond's release coincides with the 50th anniversary of the series, igniting rumors the film will include more aspects of the show than the previous J.J. Abrams Trek films. Some homages promise to be more subtle than others. There's an indicator of one in the trailer, but blink and you'll miss it.
In the first few seconds, you can spot a patch on the shoulder of Spock's jacket with an insignia for the U.S.S. Franklin. The ship has appeared before in different incarnations of the Star Trek universe, including one in which the Jefferson was a constitution-class cruiser. Common sense would dictate that the crew has stumbled upon the ship and plan to use it to escape. The Jefferson is in rough shape, suggesting it either previously landed or crashed on the very planet the crew is trying to escape in Beyond.
Pegg has promised the film will "embrace the spirit" of TOS.
3 THE CREW WILL BE CLAD IN NEW UNIFORMS
OK, this one is a bit of a stretch, but die-hard fans are probably really into the idea. This will liven things up at Comic-Con. Let's just hope it doesn't result in an interstellar civil war between old school and new.
Set photos show Captain Kirk in a military-inspired get up, complete with a snazzy jacket. They also sport a utility belt and a holster for their updated phaser rifle. When you land on a new planet full of unfriendlies, you want to make a good first impression.
It won't be business casual as usual on the bridge either. The standard-issue uniform has also gotten an upgrade too, including a shout out to the retro frocks from TOS in the form of the classic Starfleet insignia.
2 IT'S A GIRL!
Sulu's daughter, Demora, makes an appearance in Beyond. In what capacity other than a picture on dad's console has yet to be revealed. Cho promises there's a big "revelation" when it comes to their onscreen offspring.
Demura, first seen in 1994's Star Trek: Generations, attended the Starfleet Academy and specialized in flight operations. They eventually became the helm officer aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-B. They appear in several Star Trek comics and novels.
Given that Sulu is still a young gun in Beyond, Demura is just a child in this outing. Originally, Demura spent the first six years of their life living with their mother and had zero contact with Sulu, making them somewhat of a deadbeat dad. Given the new timeline, it looks like Sulu is a more hands-on parent in Beyond, or as hands on as you can be when you take off for deep space, leaving your family behind for years at a time.
1 WHAT ELSE HAVE YOU GOT TO DO ON A FRIDAY NIGHT?
It's been almost three years since the last Star Trek movie, and Hollywood deity Abrams has been on a hot streak creatively. He's produced seven TV series (Roadies, 11.22.63, Westworld, Person of Interest, Believe, Almost Human and Revolution) as well as the films 10 Cloverfield Lane, Star Wars: Episode VII, Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation and, of course, Beyond. Abrams also directed one of the most highly anticipated movies in decades, Star Wars: The Force Awakens. They have the Midas touch, and if people can get excited about a sequel to Cloverfield, they should be able to get on board with Beyond.
We challenge you to ignore whatever your instincts might be telling you after viewing the trailer, unless you had zero issues with it like me, and check out Star Trek Beyond. The point of a reboot or reimagining is to bring something new to the party. Why regurgitate the same source material in a predictable way? Anyone remembers that shot-for-shot remake of Psycho?
It's not possible to exactly recreate the magic of the original series and its theatrical counterparts, so all Lin can do, in the words of Spock is "find hope in the impossible."
-
Any other reasons to be excited for New Trek? Are you a Beastie Boys fan? Let us know in the comments!
Star Trek Beyond opens on July 22, 2016.
Tempo di lettura stimato: 2 minuti
Durham Ox era un gigantesco bovino castrato che pesava 1350 Kg.
Diventò leggendario in Inghilterra, nei primi anni dell'800: veniva trasportato su un carro speciale, progettato e decorato appositamente e venne portato in tour per paesi e città inglesi e scozzesi per circa 6 anni!
Gli spettatori pagavano un biglietto, all'epoca oneroso, per ammirare la stupefacente bestia.
Durham Ox divenne il simbolo del potere e della superiorità della razza bovina selezionata dagli allevatori inglesi, che la moderna potenza coloniale esibiva al mondo intero.
In anni successivi al tour, l'esposizione bovina presso lo Smithfield Club divenne un avvenimento sociale di grandissima importanza, che esaltava il senso della superiorità della nobiltà inglese e della famiglia reale.
Durham Ox divenne un fenomeno sociale: quadri e stampe che rappresentavano su sfondi bucolici, bovini obesi, vincitori di concorsi, diventarono i complementi d'arredo della case degli aristocratici quanto delle classi subalterne.
Una tipologia di tabacco allora in auge, adoperava la denominazione del “nobile bovino”.
Durham Ox divenne la metafora della ricchezza e del prestigio della classe dominante inglese: le “nobili proteine della carne” non sono un'espressione medico-scientifica (come moltissimi credono ancora tutt'oggi) ma il postulato di una supremazia creata artificialmente, eugenetica e classista.
Questo desiderio di onnipotenza e il nutrirsi di carne grassa, divenne simbolo di benessere e misura del gusto, aspirazione che si estese tanto alla classe media inglese quanto a quella proletaria, a partire dalla 1a rivoluzione industriale.
La “nuova cultura della carne grassa” allineava tutte le classi sociali verso un obiettivo gastronomico comune, in Inghilterra, nel resto d'Europa e in fasi successive questa “mission” fu estesa a tutti gli altri Continenti, con le politiche coloniali.
La “conquista del West” ovvero l'invasione bovina delle Grandi Praterie del Nord America, ad opera degli aristocratici e banchieri inglesi, è stato uno dei capitoli più vergognosi della storia degli U.S.A., in quanto le Grandi Praterie furono convertite in allevamenti intensivi di Bovini e le popolazioni dei Nativi furono massacrate e segregate nelle riserve.
Rimane, tutt'oggi ancora vivo e diffusissimo, il lavaggio del cervello e del gusto, operato e sostenuto a livello mondiale dalle potenti lobby degli allevatori e produttori di carne, che a partire dalla creazione di Durham Ox, sono stati in grado di creare e perfezionare un modello di sfruttamento capitalistico, quanto uno standard di produzione industriale che nel tempo si è esteso a tutti i settori produttivi: il magnate delle automobili, Henry Ford, perfezionò la produzione delle automobili, traendo ispirazione dall'organizzazione del lavoro, meccanizzata e ferrea dei mattatoi di Chicago, che offrivano condizioni di lavoro disumane.
L'artificiale “cultura della bistecca” di stampo anglo-americana è diventata pervasiva a livello mondiale ed ha fornito la “spiegazione unificata” sulle differenze di genere e di classe, sull'identità nazionale (tradizioni), sulle politiche coloniali e sulle teorie delle razze: un'influenza ideologica, assertiva e psicologica di livello mondiale che ha manipolato i principi che costituiscono la moderna visione del mondo e ai quali moltissime persone ancora si ispirano e ne sono guidati, indipendentemente dalle appartenenze ideologiche e di classe sociale, di razza o religiose.
Marco Brezza
Per maggiori informazioni:
Harriet Ritvo, The animal estate: The English and other creatures in the Victorian age, Harvard University Press, 1987.
Carol J. Adams, The Sexual Politics of Meat, Continuum, 1990.
Maurice Frink, When Grass Was King, University of Colorado Press, 1956.
Eric B. Ross, Beyond the Myths of Culture, Academic Press, 1980.
Edward E. Dale, Cow Country, University of Oklahoma Press, 1943.
Klaus Meyn, Beef Production in East Africa, Weltforum-Verlag, 1970.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Durham_Ox
Nulla foto: John Boultbee, Etching of the Durham Ox, (1753-1812).
35 condivisioni Facebook Twitter
This past week, PCMag ran a poll asking all the Trekkies out there to weigh in on their absolute favorite things about their favorite sci-fi franchise, Star Trek. Whatever the permutation, from Original Show to Next Generation to the movies, we wanted input on the best that Trek has to offer.
As the Klingon's say, majQa'! You show remarkably good taste.
1. We began with the age-old question that has dogged Star Trek ever since its first reboot way back in 1987 with the debut of The Next Generation (TNG): What's your absolute favorite flavor of Star Trek? We kept it open to every single live-action TV show and movie. It turns out, our audience is definitely a big fan of one version in particular.
Legend: Yellow=Command, Blue=Sciences, Red=Operations
(We're going with the color coding here from The Original Show (TOS) and new movies because, well, we all know how the guys wearing red shirts are meant to fair.)
Notice that not only is TNG the favorite among PCMag readers, it has more than double the fans of the next best, Deep Space Nine (DS9). In third place, TOS is also far ahead of all the rest, including the movies with the TOS crew in an alternate-reality timeline.
A distant fourth place showing goes to the Star Trek movie reboot, which even managed to outdistance the original movies... but that's what happens when you have 10 films and only four of them are actually good. Not a bad showing for Voyager, either.
2. Next we asked you who is the very best captain? We hoped your answer to the previous question wouldn't sway your answer and it didn't. Apparently, even people who loved DS9 or TOS could clearly see that Jean-Luc Picard of the U.S.S. Enterprise-D is the superior captain by a huge margin.
Legend: Yellow=Command, Blue=Sciences, Red=Operations
The number of respondents who chose Picard even eclipsed that of those who chose TNG as their favorite TV show in the franchise! Actor Patrick Stewart's abilities may never be equaled. It's hard to picture a future captain in the Star Trek universe managing a 60 percent.
Who's the next best captain? Swaggering ol' Jim Kirk of course, but specifically the William Shatner version. I'm happy to see Benjamin Sisko, played by Avery Brooks on DS9, edging into the number three slot, even if it is with a measly seven percent of the vote. Chris Pine, who plays Captain Kirk in the films, barely stayed ahead of the least favorite, Jonathan Archer, played by Scott Bakula.
Every Friday on the blog, I answer people's questions about sex, love, and relationships. This week's question comes from a female reader whose boyfriend seems to lose sexual interest in women shortly after sleeping with them. The couple is no longer having sex and they want to know what, if anything, they can do to save their relationship.
My boyfriend and I have been dating a little over 5 months and we have been experiencing problems sexually. Shortly after we started having sex, they were no longer interested in having sex on a regular basis. At first, I was confused and thought it was me but they had explained to me that he's always had this problem. They lose interest immediately after they have had sex with a girl no matter how attractive they are. They get bored and needs the variety. He's spent the last 10 + years in short term flings and non-committed relationships surfing the web and picking up girls. On an average week, they would sleep with 4-5 different girls. We have now been in a monogamous relationship for 5 months and it has been incredibly hard. We never have sex and I'm starting to feel like we're just best friends. We love each and want to fix this but we don't know how. We just recently went to see a therapist who said he's has never heard of this and didn't know how or if they could help. I'm hoping your expertise and knowledge can point us in the right direction.
Thanks for sharing your experiences and submitting this thoughtful question. Your boyfriend sounds like a walking demonstration of what scientists have termed the “Coolidge Effect,” or the idea that men's waning sexual interest can be reawakened by variety in partners. This phenomenon got its name from a popular anecdote about a visit that President Coolidge and their wife made to a chicken farm. The story goes something like this:
“Mrs. Coolidge, observing the vigor with which one particularly prominent rooster covered hen after hen, asked the guide to make certain that the President took note of the rooster's behavior. When President Coolidge got to the hen yard, the rooster was pointed out and their exploits recounted by the guide, who added that Mrs. Coolidge had requested that the President be made aware of the rooster's prowess. The president reflected for a moment and replied, ‘Tell Mrs. Coolidge that there is more than one hen.'” [1]
The Coolidge Effect has been documented in various animal species, but the classic demonstration came from a study of male rats. This study found that when a male rat was placed inside a cage with several female rats that were “in heat” (i.e., near ovulation), they would mate with all of them until they appeared to be sexually exhausted. However, when a new female was introduced to the cage, the male often experienced an immediately renewed interest in sex and would start mating with the new female [2]. The Coolidge Effect has also been documented to some degree in human men. For instance, in one study, male participants were either exposed to constant or varied sexual stimuli while their level of physical arousal was assessed by a device that records changes in penile circumference [3]. The men who were repeatedly exposed to the same stimuli showed less arousal over time (i.e., they demonstrated habituation); in contrast, exposure to varied stimuli was linked to maintaining higher levels of arousal.
It is important to note that a similar, but somewhat less pronounced pattern also occurs among females. For instance, research on female hamsters has found that after mating with one male hamster until exhaustion, they demonstrate renewed interest in sex when a new male is introduced to the cage [4]. Also, research on human females has found that, just like men, they show some degree of habituation to repeated presentations of the same erotic stimulus [5].
All of this research tells us that losing sexual interest in the same partner over time and being excited by variety is not particularly unusual and may actually be normative. That said, most humans do not appear to lose sexual interest quite as quickly as your boyfriend, although he's certainly not the only person I have heard of who loses sexual interest almost immediately. Also, I should say that not everyone loses sexual interest in the same person, and some people are capable of maintaining high levels of passion for the same partner for years. Human sexuality is incredibly diverse, and nothing is ever true 100% of the time.
So what can you do to keep your relationship going? One possibility would be to consider having an “open” or nonmonogamous relationship. There are many couples who are able to maintain satisfying relationships while permitting one another to have outside sexual involvements. Of course, I don't know whether nonmonogamy would restore your boyfriend's sexual interest in you, so that may not be the ideal solution. Also, nonmonogamy isn't the right move for all couples, because different types of relationships work for different people. You and your partner need to decide what's right for your relationship and figure out how important it is for you to have an active sex life together.
If the two of you want to maintain monogamy, an alternative possibility would be to try incorporating more novelty into both your relationship and sex life, because novelty can breed sexual excitement by facilitating the release of pleasurable brain chemicals. In fact, research has found that the long-term couples who report having the most intense feelings for each other are those who engage in the most new and exciting activities together [6]. In other words, there may be other ways of stimulating that same level of sexual excitement that your partner receives from sexual variety by bringing more novelty into your relationship in other ways. Trying new things and sharing new experiences could potentially reignite the passion you two once felt together.
On another note, you might also want to consider getting a new sex therapist, because I suspect that your boyfriend could potentially have an issue with sexual compulsivity that may need to be addressed. It is not common to see a decade-long pattern of behavior in which a person is constantly searching for partners online and is having at least five new partners per week. It might be worth having them talk to someone about this, especially if they are at all distressed about this behavior or feels that it is out of control.
Last but not least, none of the above should be taken to mean that there is anything wrong with you or that the solution in this case means that you need to do all of the work or that you are the only one who needs to compromise. Your partner needs to accept an equal degree of responsibility and put in just as much effort if you want this relationship to work.
For past Sex Question Friday posts, see here. Want to learn more about The Psychology of Human Sexuality? Click here for a complete list of articles or like the Facebook page to get articles delivered to your newsfeed.
[1] Hatfield, E., & Walster, G. W. (1978). A new look at love. Lanham, MD: University Press of America.
[2] Wilson, J. R., Kuehn, R. E., & Beach, F. A. (1963). Modification in the sexual behavior of male rats produced by changing the stimulus female. Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology, 56, 636.
[3] O'Donohue, W. T., & Geer, J. H. (1985). The habituation of sexual arousal. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 14, 233-246.
[4] Lester, G. L., & Gorzalka, B. B. (1988). Effect of novel and familiar mating partners on the duration of sexual receptivity in the female hamster. Behavioral and Neural Biology, 49, 398-405.
[5] Kelley, K., & Musialowski, D. (1986). Repeated exposure to sexually explicit stimuli: Novelty, sex, and sexual attitudes. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 15, 487-498.
[6] O'Leary, K. D., Acevedo, B. P., Aron, A., Huddy, L., & Mashek, D. (2012). Is long-term love more than a rare phenomenon? If so, what are its correlates? Social Psychological and Personality Science, 3, 241-249.
Image Source: 123rf.com
You Might Also Like:
Image copyright Getty Images
Nearly half of Scots aged 40 to 64 believe they will not have enough money to retire when they reach state pension age, a survey has suggested.
YouGov researches for Age Scotland found 43% said they would not be able to afford to give up work at that point.
A total of 44% said they were planning to work into their late 60s and beyond to enjoy a better retirement lifestyle.
More than a third (36%) planned to continue working in their current job with the same hours.
One in four (25%) wanted to reduce their hours.
Not having enough money was the most common reason to continue working, according to the study commissioned by Age Scotland in partnership with Business in the Community (BITC).
More than a fifth (22%) cited enjoying the social side of working and 19% worried they would get bored or lonely at home.
Of those who expected to stop working or reduce their hours before their late 60s, nearly one in four (24%) said their job would be too physically demanding to continue, while 18% expected their health would not be good enough.
Adjust future plans
Almost one in four adults aged 40 to 64 said they have felt disadvantaged or treated negatively when at work or applying for jobs past the age of 40.
Age Scotland is now calling for a "career MoT" to be offered to everyone at age 50 to help people adjust future plans and pension savings.
Chief executive Brian Sloan said: "It's worrying that retirement seems increasingly unaffordable for a growing number of Scots.
"While there are various reasons people choose to keep working, money concerns are the main factor forcing them to work into their late 60s and beyond. At the same time, many feel they will need to reduce their hours or switch to a less physically demanding job.
"Of course many people choose to stay on at work because they enjoy the social side or want to share their skills. Yet instead of an ageing workforce being seen as a valuable asset, too many older workers continue to face negative perceptions or age discrimination.
"As the state pension age increases, working longer is set to become part of life. We're urging the Scottish government to continue to invest in our older workers, tackle barriers to working, and offer mid-career guidance to everyone who requires it."
YouGov surveyed 1,023 adults, of whom 442 were aged 40 to 64, online between 21 and 25 September.
heic1501 — Photo Release
Revisiting an icon
Hubble captures the Pillars of Creation twenty years on
The NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope has captured many breathtaking images of the Universe, but one snapshot stands out from the rest: the Eagle Nebula's Pillars of Creation. In 1995 Hubble's iconic image revealed never-before-seen details in the giant columns and now the telescope is kickstarting its 25th year in orbit with an even clearer, and more stunning, image of these beautiful structures.
The three impressive towers of gas and dust captured in this image are part of the Eagle Nebula, otherwise known as Messier 16. Although such features are not uncommon in star-forming regions, the Messier 16 structures are by far the most photogenic and evocative ever captured. The Hubble image of the pillars taken in 1995 is so popular that it has appeared in film and television, on tee-shirts and pillows, and even on postage stamps.
Now Hubble has revisited the famous pillars, capturing the multi-coloured glow of gas clouds, wispy tendrils of dark cosmic dust, and the rust-coloured elephants' trunks with the newer Wide Field Camera 3, installed in 2009. The visible-light image builds on one of the most iconic astronomy images ever taken and provides astronomers with an even sharper and wider view.
In addition to this new visible-light image, Hubble has also produced a bonus image. This image is taken in infrared light, which penetrates much of the obscuring dust and gas and unveils a more unfamiliar view of the pillars, transforming them into wispy silhouettes set against a background peppered with stars. Here newborn stars, hidden in the visible-light view, can be seen forming within the pillars themselves [1].
Although the original image was dubbed the "Pillars of Creation", this new image hints that they are also pillars of destruction. The dust and gas in these pillars is seared by intense radiation from the young stars forming within them, and eroded by strong winds from massive nearby stars. The ghostly bluish haze around the dense edges of the pillars in the visible-light view is material that is being heated by bright young stars and evaporating away.
With these new images come better contrast and clearer views of the region. Astronomers can use these new images to study how the physical structure of the pillars is changing over time. The infrared image shows that the reason the pillars exist is because the very ends of them are dense, and they shadow the gas below them, creating the long, pillar-like structures. The gas in between the pillars has long since been blown away by the winds from a nearby star cluster.
At the top edge of the left-hand pillar, a gaseous fragment has been heated up and is flying away from the structure, highlighting the violent nature of star-forming regions.
These massive stars may be slowly destroying the pillars but they are also the reason Hubble sees the structures at all. They radiate enough ultraviolet light to illuminate the area and make the clouds of oxygen, hydrogen and sulphur glow.
Although structures like these exist throughout the Universe, the Pillars of Creation — at a distance of 6500 light-years away — provide the best, and most dramatic, example. Now, these images have allowed us to see them more clearly than ever, proving that at 25 years of age, Hubble is still going strong.
This image and the associated results were presented today at the 225th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Seattle, Washington, USA.
Notes
[1] There is evidence to suggest that the Sun formed in a similar turbulent star-forming region to the one we see in this image.
Notes for editors
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between ESA and NASA.
More information
Image credit: NASA, ESA/Hubble and the Hubble Heritage Team
Acknowledgement: P. Scowen (Arizona State University, USA) and J. Hester (formerly of Arizona State University, USA)
Links
Contacts
Georgia Bladon
ESA/Hubble Public Information Officer
Garching bei München, Germany
Cell: +44 7816291261
Email: gbladon@partner.eso.org
Hundreds of journalists working at the Times of India and its sister publications have received a peculiar request from their employer: hand over your Twitter and Facebook passwords and let us post for you.
Even after you leave the company.
Under a contract unveiled to employees last week, Bennett, Coleman and Company Ltd—India's largest media conglomerate and publisher of the Times of India, Economic Times, among many other properties—told staffers they are not to post any news links on their personal Twitter and Facebook accounts. These runs counter to many social-media policies in newsrooms across the world, which often encourage journalists to share content widely.
But BCCL, as the company is known, is telling journalists that they must start a company-authorised account on various social media platforms. They also have the option of converting existing personal social media accounts to company accounts. On these, they are free to discuss news and related material. The company will possess log-in credentials to such accounts and will be free to post any material to the account without journalists' knowledge. It is now also mandatory to disclose all personal social-media accounts held by the journalist to the company.
It is these clauses that are causing the most unease among employees at the group's newspapers, according to multiple journalists who asked not to be identified. They said printed copies of the contract were circulated last week, with instructions to sign immediately.
Thus far, the policy change does not appear to have had an effect on the company's journalists who are active on Twitter. (Disclosure: I worked for The Economic Times until April.)
According to two journalists at the group's English-language newspapers, protests about the clauses in the contract have not yielded much result. Reporters who have raised concerns with their editors say they have mostly been told that those will be addressed in due course.
BCCL CEO Ravi Dhariwal did not respond to an email from Quartz seeking comment.
The company has been ramping up its web presence in recent months by bringing in a slew of international brands to India, such as Gizmodo, Lifehacker, Business Insider, Ad Age, and most recently, Huffington Post. It is unclear if this new policy will apply to journalists hired to work at these digital brands.
Efforts to achieve greater integration between the company's print newsrooms and its online units are also underway. BCCL's newspapers recently started incorporating email ids of reporters into bylines.
The contract, a copy of which has been reviewed by Quartz, begins with a recognition of the growing importance of social media, and states the company and the employee are “mutually desirous of creating a user account on Facebook/Twitter/Google+ websites.” It goes on to say that the employee will be required to post regular updates to the account.
Midway through the two-page contract:
The posts made by you on User Account shall contain news and other related material and may also contain any personal material and interaction, which we encourage. You shall inform the company about your personal user accounts and the same will be allowed by the company, subject to you refraining from posting any news and other related material on the same. The personal user account shall always belong to you and carried by you in the event of any severance of your contract with the company. At your request, while in employment, your personal user account may be converted into a company User Account. It is specifically agreed that on such conversion, all intellectual property rights in such converted User Account shall be vested in the company.
With this, BCCL journalists will have to inform the company of social media accounts held by them—but they can't post their own stories or any news links. In other words, the only way to function effectively as a journalist on social media is to either agree to convert the personal account into a company account, or start a new company account.
Once that is done, the company will hold the key to those accounts, and can post any material to those accounts as it deems fit. In fact, a journalist using such an account will be doing so on behalf of the company.
The company shall be the owner of the access passwords, username and associated email address for the User Account, which shall be used by you on behalf of the Company to make posts. Company retains administration rights of the User Account, which shall be made accessible to the Company on demand. It is understood that sharing of such details of the User Account shall be an integral part of your contract with the Company and shall also be necessary for processing any settlement related to termination of such Contract.
Even if you quit the company, it reserves the rights to continue operating that account in your name.
The company may upload news or other material on the company User Account through any means, including automated upload streams, at its sole discretion, notwithstanding any termination of your contract with the company.
All intellectual property and any future revenue from these accounts belong to the company, the contract says.
The Hindu, another large English newspaper, had recently asked its journalists to not share links from rival news outlets on Twitter and Facebook.
Almost everyone agrees that America's income tax is too complex. Considering this, you might expect that simplifying the income tax would be a slam dunk. Sure enough, the various presidential candidates have proposed sweeping overhauls. But any agreement is mostly rhetorical. The odds that the next president — whoever it is — will engineer genuine tax simplification are negligible. In the wake of another Tax Day, it's worth pondering why.
Make no mistake: I think we'd be better off with a simpler system. By this, I mean a system with a broader tax base and lower rates. I'd eliminate most tax preferences and cut the top personal rate (now 43.4 percent) to 30 percent. There would be no preferential rate on dividends, interest and capital gains (profits on the sale of stocks, bonds and other assets) — income enjoyed mostly by the upper middle class and the wealthy. They'd pay as much or more in taxes as today.
Here are some tax preferences (a.k.a. “loopholes” or subsidies) I'd repeal along with government estimates of how much tax revenues would rise in 2016:
● The exclusion from taxable income of employer-paid health insurance ($211 billion).
● The deductibility of state and local taxes ($84 billion).
● The deductibility of mortgage interest ($62 billion).
● The deduction for charitable contributions ($54 billion).
● The partial tax-free status of Social Security ($40 billion).
In total, the income tax would raise as much revenue as it does now, but top rates would be lower and preferences fewer. If more money were needed to close budget deficits (as is likely), I'd slowly introduce a carbon tax. Still, I would keep two big tax preferences, because they advance crucial national goals.
The first is the earned-income tax credit (EITC), which is a federal wage subsidy for low-income workers. It's a better way than the minimum wage of rewarding people for connecting to the labor market. The second exception would be tax-favored retirement accounts: IRAs and 401(k)s. By the time people reach their 40s or 50s, most realize they should have been saving for retirement. Tax-favored accounts give a nudge to people in their 20s and 30s.
The resulting tax system would be a vast improvement over today's. It would be simpler, fairer and more efficient. It won't happen.
Glance at my list of targeted tax preferences, and you can understand why. If proposed, comprehensive tax simplification would trigger a firestorm of complaints. Workers would have to pay taxes on employer-provided health insurance; they'd scream. Home builders and homeowners would denounce the loss of the mortgage-interest-rate deduction. Real estate values would be affected. Churches and colleges would protest ending the charitable deduction. Retirees would object to making all Social Security income taxable.
With the deadline for filing taxes quickly approaching, here are five things you can do to get the most out of your tax return. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
The truth is that these tax preferences have woven themselves into the nation's social and economic fabric. Removing them would be disruptive and unpopular. Even if Congress accepted that, there would probably be complex “transition” rules. For a while, the tax code might become more complicated. But of course, Congress wouldn't end most tax preferences, because the benefits of doing so are diffuse and obscure.
I believe that lower marginal tax rates should promote faster economic growth by encouraging greater work effort and investment. But as White House economist Jason Furman has noted, the effect is hard to measure and could be quite small — not large enough, they argue, to justify the dislocations of purging the tax code of most preferences. My view is that simplification is worth doing even if the effect on economic growth is zero. It would get the White House and Congress out of the business of using the tax code to reward and punish various behaviors and causes. People and firms would act based more on underlying motives, not tax benefits.
The trouble with my view is that the White House and Congress want to use the tax code to reward and punish. This enhances their power; relinquishing it reduces their power. We know this from history. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 followed the dictum of lowering rates by broadening the tax base. It was a commendable achievement, a rare example of bipartisanship. President Resagan supported it, as did many Democratic and Republican congressional leaders. It might have, if followed by similar laws, transformed the tax code.
But it wasn't. Instead, President Clinton sabotaged it by raising the top rate and peddling new tax breaks. This spirit is alive and well among Democrats. By contrast, Republicans are hypocrites. They'd rather attack the Internal Revenue Service than undertake the hard political work of making the IRS's job easier.
Accountants' and tax lawyers' jobs are safe. Our hideously complex tax code has staying power. It survives not because it serves the nation's best interest, but because it placates so many groups that make up the nation.
Read more from Robert Samuelson's archive.
INDIANAPOLIS – Indiana just welcomed another historic landmark to its list of many – the Athenaeum.
The historic German-American building located in downtown Indianapolis, was designated as a National Historic Landmark by the National Register and National Historic Landmarks Program Wednesday.
The Athenaeum, in the Lockerbie Square historic district and Massachusetts Avenue Commercial District, is now one of the more than 40 Indiana landmarks given the honor and one of approximately 2,500 landmarks nationally.
“The designation of the Athenaeum as a National Historic Landmark has long since been a goal of the Athenaeum Foundation,” said Athenaeum Foundation President Cassie Stockamp. “This honor is a testament to all of the hard work and dedication we have poured into maintaining the history and nostalgia of our beloved building.”
The building was constructed in 1894 by Clemens Vonnegut, great-grandfather of author Kurt Vonnegut, and was formally known as the Das Deutsche. Today it serves as a community center for many cultural, business and nonprofit groups including the YMCA and Young Actors Theatre. It also is home to the Rathskeller restaurant that serves up German-inspired foods.
In addition, the venue has been used for weddings, concerts and stage plays.
“The Athenaeum is one of the most recognizable and historically significant buildings in Indianapolis,” Stockamp said. “The architecture, the history – there is so much about this building that is deserving of this recognition, and we are proud that the day where we can call this building a National Historic Landmark is finally here.”
Landmarks seeking this designation must meet at least one of six criterions:
· Must be located in a historic district
· Recognized as a nationally significant archeological property
· Be the key work of a nationally significant architect
· Represent a belief, or goal that is unique to the United States
· Must be associated with major events, or major patterns in American history, and individuals who have made a significant or exceptional contribution to American history
· Must be associated with individuals who have made a significant or exceptional contribution to American history
The Athenaeum has been listed three times in the National Registry of Historic Places for architecture and historical significance and began the process to become an officially designated National Historic Landmark in 2008.
Earlier this year, The Athenaeum Foundation kicked off their $1.3 million capital campaign, A Makeover on Mass Ave , set to renovate the west entrance, lobby and theater. The foundation hopes the newly updated areas will appeal to a “younger, tech-savvy” demographic.
The three areas asupervisorstioned are also set to feature wifi, enhanced ADA access, coffee and snack bar and areas for conversation and entertainment.
For more information on the Athenaeum, visit the athenaeumfoundation.org .
Quran.js
The Glorious Quran seems to attract more misinformation, rage , fear and reverence than any other book in the 21st Century. And yet, this subtle text which repeatedly exhorts its reader to ponder and think, is rarely discussed in a meaningful, intelligent discourse, even among those who consider it the unaltered word of God. This project is a humble attempt to make it more accessible to all, by offering a javascript API to the sacred text.
Examples
Here's the snippet of code you need to display verse 9 from chapter 15.
< script chapter = 15 verse = 9 src = "http://qzaidi.github.io/quran/js/quran.js" > < /script >
And here's that snippet, in action. Please report an issue if you do not see the arabic text below.
A div is automatically created to hold the arabic text, and the default styling is applied. Thats mostly about setting the direction to rtl and using a nice web font like Scheherazade.
When the defaults aren't good enough, you could create and style the container element yourself, and pass its selector to quran.js. For example, if you want finer control on background color, you could do something like this
<script chapter= 15 verse= 9 selector= "#verse" src= "http://qzaidi.github.io/quran/js/quran.js" > </script> <div id= "verse" style= "font-size: 28px; padding: 5px; direction: rtl;" ></div>
Sometimes, It's important to see a verse in its context, for context adds to the meaning. Add a count to fetch multiple verses.
<div id= 'verses' ></div> <script chapter= 93 verse= 6 count= 4 selector= '#verses' src= "http://qzaidi.github.io/quran/js/quran.js" > </script>
... Loading
While no translation can capture the subtle meanings, for lesser mortals who don't understand Arabic, the english helps. To see the translation, add another parameter called trans, and set it to the element where you would like to show the translation.
<div id= 'verses2' ></div> <div id= 'translation' ></div> <script chapter= 93 verse= 6 count= 5 selector= '#verses2' trans= '#translation' src= "http://qzaidi.github.io/quran/js/quran.js" > </script>
... Loading
Finally, if you want to listen, you can set audio to true like this. Clicking on the verse then would play it. <script chapter=93 verse=6 audio="true" src="http://qzaidi.github.io/quran/js/quran.js"> </script> This feature is experimental and needs some work. It will only work when the default styling is used (no selector), and there is no indication on the UI. Both would be fixed.
How it works
Unlike the old and the new Testaments, Quran is only 6236 verses long(or 6348, depending on how you count). I have imported the arabic text from tanzil.net in a public google spreadsheet, and the quran.js script uses the json API of google spreadsheets. Hosting of the script is courtsey github.
There is also a webSQL API and a Node.js API for Holy Quran. For feedback - find me at qzaidi.github.io
Image caption On the left is an image created using current technology - the photo on the right was produced from the MIT team's new camera technology
A camera that can create 3D-images in almost pitch black conditions has been developed by researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The team captured images of objects, using just single particles of light, known as a photon.
"Billions" of photons would be required to take a photo using the camera on a mobile phone.
The researchers say the technology could be used to help soldiers on combat operations.
Ahmed Kirmani, who wrote the paper containing the findings, said the research has been called "counter-intuitive" as normally the number of photons detected would tell you how bright an image was.
"With only one photon per pixel you would expect the image to be completely featureless," they told the BBC.
Combat advantage
The camera technology already existed and is similar to the Lidar system used by Google for its Streetview service they explained.
Image caption Lidar uses laser pulses and the team used the reflected photons to create their 3D image
"We borrowed the principles form this, the detectors can identify single photons but they still need hundreds of thousands to form images. But we took the system to its limit."
Lidar uses a laser to fire pulses of light towards an object in a grid sequence. Each location on the grid corresponds to a pixel in the final image.
Normally the laser would fire a large number of times at each grid position and detect multiple reflected photons.
In contrast the system used by the MIT team moved on to the next position in the grid as soon as it had detected a single photon.
A conventional Lidar system would require about 100 times as many photons to make a similar image to the one the team captured which means the system could provide "substantial savings in energy and time".
The team say the technology could be used in many different fields. It could help ophthalmologists when they want to create an image of a patient's eye without having to shine a bright light in someone's eye.
The research was part funded by the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency which commissions research for the Department of Defense. Mr Kirmani said the military could use the technology to allow soldiers to see in the dark, giving them an advantage in combat situations.
Image caption Current 3D imaging techniques require more than single photons unlike the team's new system
"Any technology that enhances a military's ability to navigate, target or engage in near-total darkness would be highly prized. 3D imagery married with existing imagery and navigation technologies could significantly enhance the capabilities currently possessed," said Reed Foster, a defence analyst at IHS.
Eventually, the researchers explain, the technology could be developed to make 3D cameras for mobile phones. The camera requires less light than the ones currently available and therefore uses less power.
DemoChoice Web Poll: What happened to the poll I'm looking for? 1 candidate will be elected with 1,749 ballots cast.
Table form | Chart form: First Round | Next Round | Final Round | Ballot Depth | How it works | Main Page
Round 1 50% It was deleted 503 (28.8%) I typed the wrong label in the "poll=" field above 489 (28.0%) I followed a bad link 420 (24.0%) I forgot that poll labels were case sensitive 337 (19.3%) Results Redistributed Votes (to these colors) I forgot that poll labels were case sensitive Defeated
In the first round, the first choices on each ballot are tallied.
No candidate has the number of votes needed to guarantee victory, so the last-place candidate (I forgot that poll labels were case sensitive) is eliminated. Ballots for that candidate are counted toward their next highest ranking.
New colors: None of these
Next Round
DemoChoice Web Poll: What happened to the poll I'm looking for? 1 candidate will be elected with 1,749 ballots cast.
Table form | Chart form: First Round | Next Round | Final Round | Previous Round | Ballot Depth | How it works | Main Page
Round 2 50% It was deleted 527 (30.7%) I typed the wrong label in the "poll=" field above 728 (42.4%) I followed a bad link 464 (27.0%) None of these 30 Results Redistributed Votes (to these colors) I followed a bad link Defeated
No candidate has the number of votes needed to guarantee victory, so the last-place candidate (I followed a bad link) is eliminated. Ballots for that candidate are counted toward their next highest ranking.
Next Round
DemoChoice Web Poll: What happened to the poll I'm looking for? 1 candidate will be elected with 1,749 ballots cast.
Table form | Chart form: First Round | Final Round | Previous Round | Ballot Depth | How it works | Main Page
Round 3 50% It was deleted 718 (44.1%) I typed the wrong label in the "poll=" field above 911 (55.9%) None of these 120 Results It was deleted Defeated I typed the wrong label in the "poll=" field above Elected
I typed the wrong label in the "poll=" field above has enough votes to guarantee victory and is declared a winner.
In the end, 52.1% of all cast ballots counted toward a winner. This compares to 28.8% if only the first-round votes were used.
The Ballot Depth section shows how much lower rankings contributed to the tally.
Invite your friends to vote in this poll!
(This link prepares an email message for you.) More polls
DemoChoice Web Poll: What happened to the poll I'm looking for? 1 candidate will be elected with 1,749 ballots cast.
Table form | Chart form: First Round | Final Round | Ballot Depth | How it works | Main Page
Atletico Madrid Croatian could become new right-back
Atletico Madrid will make a move for Croatian right-back Sime Vrsaljko, who plays for Sassuolo and wants to move to La Liga.
Even though the Italians had already reached a verbal agreement with Napoli to sell the player, Atleti will submit an offer shortly to convince Sassuolo of moving the player to Spain.
It seems that the upcoming days will be crucial to decide Vrsaljko's future, as the Rojiblancos want to sign another defender who can compete with Juanfran Torres for the starting spot on the right side of the defensive line.
Technical director Andrea Berta has been scouting the Croatian for the last few months, and if the deal is completed then Jesus Gamez would be on their way out of the club after just two seasons under Diego Simeone.
Vrsaljko is 24 years old and started their career with Dinamo Zagreb before joining Genoa in the summer of 2013.
A five-year deal with Sassuolo was signed a season later.
Other than Napoli, many other elite clubs in Europe like Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Juventus and Milan have been interested in Vrsaljko.
They will participate in Euro 2016 and they also featured in the 2014 FIFA World Cup even though they were just 22 at the time.
Atletico have already secured the signings of Diego Jota and Nicolas Gaitan, so Vrsaljko would be their third transfer this off-season even though the window isn't officially open just yet.
The club will then try to sign an elite goalscorer and that would be their last move - barring a big departure which would force them to find a replacement in the transfer market.
Patricia Smith, whose son, Sean Smith was killed in the September 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the US consulate in Benghazi, Libya stated that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is “lying,” they aren't concerned about the Benghazi Select Committee's hearing being partisan, and their son “didn't expect to live till morning” on Wednesday's “CNN Newsroom.”
Smith said she's looking for answers to “How did my son die? Why did Hillary choose what they chose? What — how come they made such bad decisions, that my son and the ambassador and the other two guys got killed? There's a whole bunch of questions I have. I need them to make some answers.
Smith added, “Three years ago Hillary promised that — when I went to the casket ceremony in Washington, they promised they would get back to me and tell me what happened. They have not called me. They have not contacted me. They have not given me any information, except to tell me that I am not a member of the immediate family, and I do not need to know.
After being played a clip of Hillary's previous testimony, where they stated, “What difference, at this point, does it make?” Smith declared, “She's lying! She's absolutely lying! They told me something entirely different at the casket ceremony. They said it was because of the video, and that they would get back to me and tell me what happened with my son. They have not only not gotten back to me, but all I've ever heard is that I am not to know because I am not a member of the immediate family. I still want to know. I saw on TV the bloody fingerprints on the walls over there. I asked specifically, are those my son's fingerprints crawling down the wall, the bloody fingerprints? Nobody ever got back to me on that. Are those their fingerprints? Were those their fingerprints? What happened? Somebody's got to tell me from the government.”
Smith also said, “they've told me about some kind of person that they caught, that was there that caused all this. I don't believe any of it, and that's the legal department called me and told me that. I don't believe that, and I don't care about that. I want to know about my son.”
Smith was then asked, “These hearings have taken on a partisan tone. Does that worry you?” They responded, “Not in the least, not in the least. It is not partisan. The thing is, this was Hillary's department, and they are the one that made the choices, made the decisions, made everything necessary, and caused it to happen, and killed my son.”
Smith continued, “I want them to just own up, tell me what happened, just tell me so I can get some peace out of this. They haven't bothered telling me, and they have no intention of telling me. In fact, they have told their people — or, I don't know if it's them personally that did this, or their people that said, that nobody should tell me anything because I shouldn't know.”
They also added, “I want to hear what Hillary has to say. If they take all day and all night to say something, I want to be there. I want to hear it. I want to hear it from their lips, as she's lying to the American public again.”
Smith also said, “my son called me the night before. They called me from there, from Libya, to tell me that they were really worried because they saw the people — some guys out there. I guess they mentioned the February 17, whoever that is. They said they were out there taking pictures of everything, casing the place, and it looks like there's going to be a big problem, and there was no security and that they asked for security, and they were turned down.”
They later added, “when this thing was going on, they were typing into their computer to their friends. They say, ‘If I live till morning,' and they didn't expect to live till morning, because they say everything was happening out there. This is a hell of a thing to have to tell your mother, that you're not going to make it.”
Smith also stated their son, “did what they were asked to do. They were the — they did what the ambassador wanted. They were the — I asked them one time, I said, ‘Sean, what are you? What do you do?' They say, ‘I'm a clerk.' So from that, you can take whatever you want. He's a clerk, that was — went to all different kind of places that they were sent. They were a communications guy. They were my son. They were a sweetheart.”
They concluded, “Please, make them tell what's — what happened.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
An American passenger was booted off a US Airways flight and screened after reportedly joking that they had Ebola and telling the rest of the flyers they were “screwed.”
During a flight from Philadelphia to the Dominican Republic, the 54-year-old American – who remains unidentified – reportedly yelled, “I have Ebola, you are all screwed,” according to the Dominican news outlet Diario Libre.
They also yelled out, “I've been to Africa!” an airport official told Fox News Latino.
They didn't yell “bomb,” but they might as well have. After the supposed joke was aired, there was noticeable panic and concern on the airplane, which was carrying 290 passengers. The plane was isolated as soon as it landed in Punta Cana, where a medical team outfitted with hazmat suits boarded the aircraft and removed the passenger.
READ MORE:Ebola scare: LaGuardia on strike, 58% of Americans want to ban flights from W. Africa
After conducting a medical check, the passenger was found not to be infected with the virus. Though they were coughing on the flight, they had no fever when they were inspected. They had never been to Africa, either.
In a video captured by a passenger, an African-American can be seen being taken out of the plane by medical officials.
"We delivered the passenger to the airline, which has its policy, but they will be returned to the United States, where they will be submitted to another rigorous check," Walter Zemialkowski, the director of operations at the International Airport of Punta Cana, said to Diario Libre.
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Public Health said there was a passenger suspected of having Ebola, but that the results were negative for the virus.
"It is absolutely false the information that states that through the Punta Cana Airport a person suspected of being sick with Ebola arrived in our country," said Eduardo Rosario Bourdierd, the ministry's communications director.
Other passengers were kept from leaving the plane for almost two hours until they were allowed to leave.
"We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused, but the safety of our customers and crews is our main priority," US Airways said in a statement to Fox.
Of course, concern over Ebola is the highest it's been since the outbreak began in West Africa. This week, the first patient to be diagnosed with the virus in the United States died, sparking calls for action and even travel bans from politicians and pundits. The US announced on Wednesday that it would begin screening incoming travelers at five major American airports.
Cases of Ebola have topped 8,000 now, according to official data from the World Health Organization, though many cases could actually be unreported. The death toll continues to climb near 4,000, and officials have stressed the outbreak is unprecedented and may continue to get worse.
A tweet from The Daily Show noted a few similarities with Trump's words and those of F.H. Buckley. | AP Photo Donald Trump Jr.'s speech borrows a line
For the second night in a row, a speech from a member of the Trump family has been found to have some particular resemblance to a previously published work. But this time, the author of the original source is more than fine with it.
During their address to the Republican National Convention on Tuesday night, Donald Trump Jr. remarked, "Our schools used to be an elevator to the middle class. Now they are stalled on the ground floor."
Story Continued Below
"They're like Soviet-era department stores that are run for the benefit of the clerks and not the customers," Trump Jr. said.
A tweet from The Daily Show noted a few similarities with Trump's words and those of F.H. Buckley in an American Conservative article published May 2, titled "Trump vs. the New Class."
What should be an elevator to the upper class is stalled on the ground floor. Part of the fault for this may be laid at the feet of the system's entrenched interests: the teachers' unions and the higher-education professoriate," Buckley wrote in that article. "Our schools and universities are like the old Soviet department stores whose mission was to serve the interests of the sales clerks and not the customers."
As Twitter exploded with surprise, Buckley tweeted in response, "Except it wasn't stealing..."
"I was a speechwriter for this speech. So I'm afraid there's no issue here," Buckley told Business Insider, according to a tweet from the outlet's executive editor.
Except it wasn't stealing... — Frank Buckley (@fbuckley) July 20, 2016
Trump spokesperson Jason Miller also said the latest flap was much ado about nothing. "Nice try Clinton machine – Francis Buckley is a friend of Don Jr.'s and worked with them on the speech," Miller tweeted, adding, "Your time would be better spent searching for Crooked Hillary's missing emails rather than disparaging a real American Patriot."
The Trump campaign spent a large part of its Tuesday battling allegations of plagiarism in Melania Trump's speech, which was found to have several lines uttered by Michelle Obama during their 2008 Democratic convention speech.
The House unanimously approved a bill late Tuesday to discourage the Internal Revenue Service from using civil asset forfeitures to seize money and property from taxpayers.
The bill, known as the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers Restraining Excessive Seizure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools (RESPECT) Act, would revise the authority and procedures the IRS uses to seize property that has been structured to avoid Bank Secrecy Act reporting requirements. Under the bill, the IRS could only seize property it suspects has been structured to avoid BSA reporting requirements if the property comes from an illegal source, or if the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of a criminal law or regulation other than structuring transactions to evade BSA reporting requirements.
Within 30 days of seizing property, the IRS would need to make a good faith effort to find all owners of the property, as well as notify the owners of the post-seizure hearing rights established by this bill. The IRS could apply to a court for one 30-day extension of the notice requirement if it can establish probable cause of an imminent threat to national security or personal safety.
If the owner of the property asks for a court hearing within 30 days after the date on which notice is provided, the property would have to be returned unless the court holds a hearing within 30 days after notice is provided and finds there's probable cause to believe the property derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured to conceal the violation of a criminal law or regulation other than a structuring violation. The bill amends the Tax Code to exclude from gross income any interest received from the federal government with respect to an action to recover property seized by the IRS under a claimed violation of the structuring provisions of the BSA.
Randy Sowers, a Maryland dairy farmer whose $60,000 bank account was seized by the IRS Photo: Institute for Justice
The bill was sponsored by Reps. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., chairperson of the House Ways and Means Tax Policy Subcommittee, and Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y. The Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act is named after two small-business owners who had their entire bank accounts seized by the IRS for alleged structuring Jeff Hirsch and Randy Sowers. Hirsch had over $400,000 seized from their convenience store distribution business on Long Island, while Sowers, a Maryland dairy farmer, lost $29,500 to the IRS. Even though neither of them was ever charged with a crime, it took years of legal proceedings before they recovered their funds. They were both represented by the Institute for Justice, a libertarian law firm and advocacy group.
“The IRS used civil forfeiture to steal from innocent, hard-working small business owners,” said Institute for Justice attorney Robert Everett Johnson in a statement. “With Congress so bitterly polarized, it's encouraging to see hundreds of representatives stand together against this inherently abusive practice.”
A study by the Institute for Justice found that from 2005 to 2012, the IRS seized more than $242 million in over 2,500 cases for alleged structuring offenses. One-third of those cases involved nothing more than making a series of sub-$10,000 cash transactions.
House Ways and Means Committee chairperson Kevin Brady, R-Texas, praised passage of the legislation. “The House sent a clear signal to the IRS this week that bullying law-abiding Americans will not be tolerated,” Brady said in a statement. “After years of bipartisan oversight to hold the IRS accountable for their wrongdoings, the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act stands up for the innocent small business owners and farmers who were forced to hand over their hard-earned dollars to the IRS—in some cases losing their livelihoods and life savings. The bill puts in place strong safeguards to prevent the IRS from wrongfully seizing the assets of hardworking Americans. I commend Tax Policy Subcommittee Chairman Roskam and Rep. Crowley for their work to protect taxpayers, and I urge the Senate to pass this important legislation.”
Two wide-ranging civil forfeiture reform bills are also under consideration in Congress. Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., has reintroduced the DUE PROCESS Act, which would strengthen safeguards for business owners, while Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has sponsored the FAIR Act, which would prohibit federal agencies from keeping forfeiture proceeds and abolish the so-called “equitable sharing” program, under which the proceeds of seized assets are shared between state and federal law enforcement authorities.
Under “structuring” laws, the IRS has routinely confiscated cash from ordinary Americans because they frequently deposited or withdrew cash in amounts under $10,000. The IRS is able to keep that money without ever filing criminal charges.
An April report by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found the IRS's use of structuring laws “compromised the rights of some individuals and businesses.” In a sampling of 278 investigations, it found no evidence in 91 percent of those cases “that the structured funds came from an illegal source or involved any other illegal activity.”
In October 2014, the IRS's Criminal Investigation unit introduced a new policy specifying that it would no longer pursue the seizure and forfeiture of funds related to legal source structuring. However, in the same month the policy changed, the TIGTA report noted, The New York Times reported that IRS Criminal Investigation had been seizing funds in structuring investigations without filing a criminal complaint, leaving property owners to prove their innocence. Many of them gave up trying.
In July, Roskam noted that the IRS had reviewed 454 petitions for the return of property forfeited under the structuring laws and returned more than $6 million to property owners. The IRS also transferred 250 petitions to the Department of Justice for review, but the DOJ has only acted on 73 of the petitions. The Justice Department approved returning money in only 32 percent of cases—far below the IRS' recommendation of 80 percent. In their 2016 party platforms, both the Republican and Democratic Parties condemned civil forfeiture and called for reforms to the practice. Since 2014, according to the Institute for Justice, 24 states have reformed their forfeiture laws while over 260 editorials have criticized the practice.
Here's a message from Google some Gmail users can expect to see in the near future, and that the rest of us hope we never will: "Warning: We believe state-sponsored attackers may be attempting to compromise your account or computer."
On Tuesday, Google announced in a blog post that it will now display that alert to users whose accounts it believes have been hacked by government-tied cyberspies. The message also includes a "protect yourself now" link that takes users to a page of instructions for how to better shore-up their account's security, including making sure the user is signing in to Google real site and not an impostor's phishing site, creating a new, strong password, updating software and using two-factor authentication, a safeguard offered by Google that sends one-time passwords to a user's phone so that an attacker would in theory need to possess the user's phone to access their or their account.
"We believe it is our duty to be proactive in notifying users about attacks or potential attacks so that they can take action to protect their information," the post from Google's security engineering VP Eric Grosse reads. "And we will continue to update these notifications based on the latest information."
Google takes pains in its post to point out that its own systems haven't been compromised. It's the other end of the cloud that it's trying to protect: vulnerable users and their machine. The linked page of advice that users are directed to (whose text a Google staffer shared with me while declining to give me the URL) starts with a strong hint about the type of threat it's looking out for.
It's likely that you received emails containing malicious attachments, links to malicious software downloads, or links to fake websites that are designed to steal your passwords or other personal information. For example, attackers have often been known to send PDF files, Office documents, or RAR files with malicious contents. We strongly recommend that you avoid clicking links or attachments in suspicious messages.
Beyond its blog post, Google declined to comment further on the announcement.
The company has been especially aware of the ongoing epidemic of state-sponsored espionage since it experienced its own major hacking incident in January of 2010, which was implied at the time to have been carried out by the Chinese government, a notion further confirmed by WikiLeaks' leaked State Department cables. In March of that year, Google began showing users warnings when it detected suspicious behavior on their accounts. A Google spokesperson tells me those warnings will continue, and that the new "state-sponsored" attack warnings will be added as a separate alert.
Identifying state-sponsored hackers and distinguishing them from run-of-the-mill cybercriminals or vandals isn't a simple task, and Google doesn't share much information about how it will make that distinction. "You might ask how we know this activity is state-sponsored. We can't go into the details without giving away information that would be helpful to these bad actors, but our detailed analysis—as well as victim reports—strongly suggest the involvement of states or groups that are state-sponsored."
The Miami Hurricanes have fired head coach Al Golden, the school announced Sunday.
The firing comes one day after the worst loss in program history, a 58–0 defeat at the hands of Clemson. Miami is currently 4–3, and 1–2 in the ACC.
“Coach Golden has led our program through some very difficult times and they have done so with class, integrity and a true desire to see our students succeed on the field, in the classroom and in the community,” Miami athletic director Blake James said in a statement. “However, we have a proud tradition of excellence at Miami, not just in football but in all sports, and we want to compete for ACC and national championships. I simply believe that now is the time to bring the Hurricane Family together and rally behind our young men.”
Golden took over the Hurricanes in 2011. Their best finish came in 2013, when Miami finished 9–4. In 2012, the Hurricanes finished tied for first in the ACC Coastal division, but were not eligible to play in the conference championship game due to a self-imposed postseason ban.
• ELLIS: Stunning defeat leaves Florida State in unfamiliar spot
Golden will end their tenure at Miami with a record of 32–25, and a 17–18 mark in ACC play. The Hurricanes failed to win a bowl game under Golden, and also never defeated a team that finished the season ranked in the top 25.
“On behalf of my family I want to thank the University of Miami for a tremendous opportunity,” Golden said in a statement. “I believe in what we are doing and how we are doing it and we have some outstanding young men in our football program. Though this moment is difficult, we wish the Canes the best of luck going forward.”
The Hurricanes will play Duke on Saturday. Tight ends coach Larry Scott will serve as interim head coach for the rest of the season.
- Rohan Nadkarni
"The CIA was in fact the brainchild of Wall Street and designed by
Wall Street from its inception to be the tool of the financial mandarins
for the complete subversion of the Constitution and the US Government,
and the destabilization and looting of the rest of the world."
by Robert David Steele
(henrymakow.com)
I have reviewed over 300 books on secret intelligence at Amazon, and written eight books of my own - as a former spy, co-founder of the Marine Corps Intelligence Center, and direct participant in "Deep State" and "false flag" operations, I know more than most about the dark side of intelligence - this book is in my view a capstone book that adds multiple new insights into the central role played by elements of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in the subversion of the US Government (USG), the US economy, US society, and the world at large.
I know of no other book that documents so ably the fact that CIA, while ordered up by Harry Truman as an organization intended to collate information from multiple sources ALREADY COLLECTED by other elements of the USG, was in fact the brainchild of Wall Street and designed by Wall Street from its inception to be the tool of the financial mandarins for the complete subversion of the Constitution and the USG, and the destabilization and looting of the rest of the world. It is not possible to understand the central role of the CIA in destabilizing the world, fostering war, preventing peace, and helping keep five billion people in poverty, disease, and conflict, without reading this book.
While we have always had mercantile control of government since business and government first came into existence, the author makes the case that it was World War II in which the banks learned how to use not just central banks (not covered by this book) but secret intelligence agencies (the heart of this book) as the core vehicle for Deep State control of the world.
Put most bluntly, the CIA became the vehicle for bribing, blackmailing, and controlling US as well as foreign political leaders to the point that all Constitutional checks and balances in the US as well as foreign countries of interest, were over-turned. In extreme cases such as the Congo, the CIA assassinated world leaders who dared to say "no" to the combination of unilateral militarism, predatory capitalism, and virtual colonialism (these are my own long standing terms for the trifecta of evil rooted not only in CIA, but also in the National Security Agency (NSA) and the US military in constant violation of Article I of the Constitution and its own oath to defend us against domestic enemies.
This book investigates, indicts, convicts, and hangs Allen Dulles for the traitor that they are. Donald Trump should read this book, because just as Allen Dulles remained the CIA's de facto leader after they were fired - leading the assassination of John F. Kennedy - so also is John Brennan, left, today leading the rogue elements of the secret world in a plot to assassinate Donald Trump and put Mike Pence into power, Pence being the pedophile-affiliated member of the Establishment chosen by Dick Cheney to control the Executive once Donald Trump is side-lined (my opinion, not in the book). This book is Donald Trump's best defense against treachery, along with Memorandum for the President 3.0, as devised by Cynthia McKinney and myself.
The core lesson from this book for our legitimately-elected President is that Kennedy did not purge deeply enough (in the secret world) or broadly enough (he left the bankers alone). For Donald Trump to survive they must BOTH take down the Federal Reserve AND cut the secret world by two thirds.
THE DEEP STATE
Before I detail points from this book that impress me deeply, I must point out that the Deep State starts with the Rothschilds and the Vatican, goes down through all the PRIVATE "central" banks that they control, into the two-party tyrannies that they control, and then into the secret intelligence services and complicit other institutions including the media, academia, and corporate chiefs happy to be part of one large crime family that constantly cheats the 99% in favor of the 1%. Everyone other than the Rothschilds and the Vatican is part of the servant class to the 1%, not the "deciders" as some assume.
Among the best insights in this are these:
1- Allen Dulles, through their control of the media, successfully reframed nationalism as communism, and after assassinating JFK, whose instincts were to support the wars of national liberation, put the full weight of the US national security state on the side of dictators everywhere who agree to US banking predation.
2- Allen Dulles pioneered CIA interference in US elections, not only foreign elections. They strongly supported the Eisenhower-Nixon campaign by channeling covert funds to them via front groups, and by leaking embarrassing intelligence about the Truman Administration's handling of the Korean War (which was not a declared war. Congress lost its integrity after WWII and has never gotten it back).
3- The fascists did not lose WWII; they simply emigrated to the US and Argentina with most of their treasure. Allen Dulles personally saved fascism and then later - this story is told in Gold Warriors rather than this book - used covertly captured gold to restore fascist leaders in Germany, Italy, and Japan, and dictators everywhere else. The covert funding for Operation Gladio (assassins and false flag terrorism) deeply distorted the political and cultural development of Europe.
4- CIA's sponsorship of "cultural engineering" and individual mind-control is deeply explored in this book, and along with the millions that CIA helped murder in its various regime change operations (today CIA also assassinates thousands with drones), easily qualify for indictment before an international tribunal for crimes against humanity. This book is CIA's Nuremberg Trial and the conclusion cannot be challenged: CIA in its present state is a threat to the US Constitution and badly in need of deep surgery.
5- Allen Dulles led the militarization of both science and psychology. Over 1,600 Soviet prisoners were subjected to various forms of torture, and then Dulles moved on to unwitting US citizens. Strangely, the author fails to mention that Yale University has always been the core partner for the CIA in mind-control experimentation.
(Grinning satisfaction with JFK murder.)
6- The author adds to our knowledge of the JFK assassination and in my view definitively names Lyndon Baines Johnson as having approved the assassination (and then appointed Allen Dulles, the project leader to the Warren Commission to assure the cover-up). Bill Harvey, David Atlee Philipps, Cord Meyer, and Howard Hunt were key CIA participants. Texas billionaire David Harold Byrd, owner of the building from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot the president (he did not) was a key conspirator. Not properly covered in this book are the [links] of George Bush Senior, a CIA non-official cover officer, and Yitzhak Rabin, the representative of Israel (Remember the USS Liberty) to the event. The Secret Service helped assassinate the president they were supposed to be protecting. Allen Dulles met with the Secretary of the Treasury before the assassination, and arranged for a test of a deliberate pull-back in Chicago, and then the full unshielding of the president in Dallas, where the Secret Service violated all of its protocols and sentenced our president to death.
7- There are compelling quotes throughout the book, and this work is easily in my six-star top 10% of all non-fiction books read in my lifetime. The author ends in a most spectacular fashion, citing the confession of James Angleton as they neared death, to the effect that they had made a mistake in following Allen Dulles thinking that they were serving God; they were in fact on "a satanic quest."
There you have it. The Deep State is in my view led by Satanists - both within the Vatican and particularly among the Jesuits - and among the Rothschilds and their leading bankers. Donald Trump, our legitimately-elected president, may or may not be under the control of the Satanists in the USA, but they are in my view our single best shot at ending the Deep State. I pray they might read this book, and be strengthened by it.
Ten books that complement this book:
Gold Warriors: America's Secret Recovery of Yamashita's Gold
Edward Lansdale's Cold War (Culture, Politics, and the Cold War)
The Secret Team: The CIA and Its Allies in Control of the United States and the World
The CIA as Organized Crime: How Illegal Operations Corrupt America and the World
Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA
JFK and the Unspeakable: Why They Died and Why It Matters
Someone Would Have Talked
Dark Legacy: George Bush and the Murder of John Kennedy
Vice: Dick Cheney and the Hijacking of the American Presidency
Griftopia: A Story of Bankers, Politicians, and the Most Audacious Power Grab in American History
-----
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Last year I told you about a radical new approach to reducing gun violence in Richmond, California, a city that had suffered for years under the toll of one of the nation's highest homicide rates. The city threw money and police at the problem, but the rate of fatal (and non-fatal) shootings remained. The human toll was staggering. In 2007, the low point, there were 45 homicides involving a firearm in the city of 106,000. Finally, it decided to try something entirely new:
Richmond hired consultants to come up with ideas, and in turn, the consultants approached [Devone] Boggan. It was obvious that heavy-handed tactics like police sweeps weren't the solution. More than anything, Boggan, who'd been working to keep teen offenders out of prison, was struck by the pettiness of it all. The things that could get someone shot in Richmond were as trivial as stepping out to buy a bag of chips at the wrong time or in the wrong place. Boggan wondered: What if we identified the most likely perpetrators and paid them to stay out of trouble? In late 2007, Boggan launched the Office of Neighborhood Safety, an experimental public-private partnership that's introduced the “Richmond model” for rolling backstreet violence. It has done it with a mix of data mining and mentoring, and by crossing lines that other anti-crime initiatives have only tiptoed around. Four times a year, the program's street team sifts through police records and its own intelligence to determine, with actuarial detachment, the 50 people in Richmond most likely to shoot someone and to be shot themselves. ONS tracks them and approaches the most lethal (and vulnerable) on the list, offering them a spot in a program that includes a stipend to turn their lives around. While ONS is city-funded and has the blessing of the chief of police, it resolutely does not share information with the cops. “It's the only agency where you're required to have a criminal background to be an employee,” Boggan jokes.
It was a crazy idea. But since ONS was established, the city's murder rate has plunged steadily. In 2013, it dropped to 15 homicides per 100,000 residents—a 33 year low. In 2014, it dropped again. Boggan and their staff maintained that their program was responsible for a lot of that drop-off by keeping the highest-risk young men alive—and out of prison. Now they have a study to back them up.
On Monday, researchers from the National Council on Crime and Delinquency, a non-profit, published a process evaluation of ONS, studying its impact seven years in. The conclusion was positive: “While a number of factors including policy changes, policing efforts, an improving economic climate, and an overall decline in crime may have helped to facilitate this shift, many individuals interviewed for this evaluation cite the work of the ONS, which began in late 2007, as a strong contributing factor in a collaborative effort to decrease violence in Richmond.”
As evidence, the study cites the life-changing effect on fellows. Ninety-four percent of fellows are still alive. And perhaps just as remarkable, 79 percent have not been arrested or charged with gun-related offenses during that time period.
“While replication of the Fellowship itself may be more arduous because of the dynamic leadership associated with the current model, the framework of the Fellowship could be used to improve outcomes for communities across the country,” the study's authors wrote. “The steps taken to craft programming developed with clients in mind, and being responsive to their needs and the needs of the community, can serve as a model.”
Read the full report here.
Follow coverage of the honors at CNN's White House blog, The 1600 Report.
Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama paid tribute to "the best of who we are and who we aspire to be" in awarding America's highest civilian honor Tuesday to 15 people, including former President George H.W. Bush, poet Maya Angelou, baseball slugger Stan Musial and cellist Yo-Yo Ma.
At a White House ceremony attended by most of the honorees, Obama spoke of why each was receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which the White House said is "presented to individuals who have made especially meritorious contributions to the security or national interests of the United States, to world peace, or to cultural or other significant public or private endeavors.
Other recipients of the medal included Georgia member of congress and civil rights leader John Lewis; Natural Resources Defense Council co-founder John Adams; German Chancellor Angela Merkel; investor Warren Buffett; artist Jasper Johns; Holocaust survivor Gerda Weissmann Klein; humanitarian activist Tom Little, who was killed in Afghanistan; civil rights activist Sylvia Mendez; Boston Celtics NBA legend Bill Russell; nonprofit leader and former Ambassador Jean Kennedy Smith; and AFL-CIO chief John Sweeney.
Obama blended humor with solemn platitudes in describing the accomplishments of the honorees.
Speaking of Angelou, they said their voice "has spoken to millions, including my mother, which is why my sister is named Maya."
Of Buffett, the billionaire philanthropist, Obama called them "so thrifty that I had to give them a White House tie the last time they came to visit."
When the 6-foot-9 Russell stood up to receive their medal, Obama turned to the audience and shrugged, in reference to their earlier comment of always looking up to the winner of 11 NBA championships in 13 seasons playing with the Celtics, including two in which they also doubled as the league's first African-American coach.
After noting that Ma was a concert cellist at the age of 5, Obama drew laughs in referring to them as a "late bloomer." And clearly enjoying their chance to honor sports legends, they said Musial was "worthy of one of the greatest nicknames in sports, Stan the Man."
Bush, the nation's 41st president, had a public service career that spanned 70 years as a decorated Navy pilot in World War II, a U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, CIA director, U.S. envoy to China and vice president before winning the presidential election in 1988, Obama noted.
As they did about several of the other medal recipients, Obama cited Bush's humility and dedication, saying: "Those of you who know him, this is a gentleman, inspiring citizens to become points of light."
Update (9/14/16): Victory! HUD Secretary Julián Castro heard us and took action! The Secretary issued final regulations on the Violence Against Women Act – a key step to increasing protections for domestic violence survivors. This comes after HUD released critical guidance on nuisance ordinances and issued regulations to evaluate sexual harassment claims under the Fair Housing Act.
We know there is much more to do to keep vulnerable women and domestic violence survivors safe at home. We'll keep you posted on our next actions.
Too many women are unsafe in their homes. Our government must do its part to protect domestic violence survivors from even more harm. And with only a few months left in the Obama administration, the time to act is NOW.
Vulnerable women trying to rebuild their lives face a barrage of obstacles and potential harms. From eviction to housing denials to sexual harassment by landlords and building managers, the odds of staying safe are steep.
“Nuisance ordinances” around the country even punish crime victims in need of emergency services with the threat of eviction. It doesn't matter if you're a victim of domestic abuse – too many 911 calls can put you on the street.
Make your voice heard: Call on Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro to take action to keep victims of gender-based violence safe in their homes.
Getty
Even though their stats were still quite good, there was a tangible sense that tight end Jimmy Graham wasn't quite themselves in Seattle last year.
Partially, that's because they aren't completely healthy.
Via Sheil Kapadia of ESPN.com, Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said they had to be careful with Graham coming off their torn patellar tendon in 2015.
“We had to manage them the whole year,” Carroll said. “He just kept hanging in there. They played in every game and didn't miss any time, but they aren't at their best. You can see them now. But that's what great athletes, great performers and great competitors do. They find a way. Jimmy did that most admirably, and I know how grateful they feel now that they made it through that and we handled it the way we did.
“He survived it, and now they are really moving up.”
They did more than survive. They finished the year with 923 receiving yards, third-most among tight ends. They also caught six touchdowns, and along with their 65 receptions, they set franchise records for tight ends in all three categories.
But because the Seahawks offense doesn't feature them the same way the Saints did, the sense of unfulfilled expectations remains, and sets the stage for Graham to put up even bigger numbers in a contract year.
Benjamin Malartre Bureau (aka benofk_funko) posted a message on their Instagram account claiming that they spent four "crazy" days on the X-Men: Apocalypse set, where they hung out with Jennifer Lawrence (Mystique), Ben Hardy (Angel), Kodi Smit-McPhee (Nightcrawler), Nicholas Hoult (Beast) and a unnamed French-Canadian actor playing ... The Blob!
Additionally, The Blob/Frederick J. "Fred" Dukes won't be computer-generated nor is there a need for a fat suit as Benjamin estimated that the actor playing the role weighed more than half a ton.
The immovable mutant made their feature film debut in Gavin Hood's 2009 superhero film X-Men Origins: Wolverine. They were played by Kevin Durand (Vikings), who wore prosthetics and a fat-suit to mask their much-leaner frame. The robust mutant with superhuman strength and endurance, can generate a gravity field -- as long as he's in contact with the ground -- that renders them virtually immovable. Their blubbery skin has an elasticity that is virtually impenetrable. He'll obnoxiously laugh off gun shots, missile attacks and even a good clawing.
Note: In the comics, The Blob was depowered during the Decimation (2005) storyline, but more recently they gained their powers back with the help of Mutant Growth Hormones (MGH). Check out their original post below, which shows Ben holding an X-Men: Apocalypse souvenir from their set visit.
Mia Chung, author of ‘You For Me For You' before its world premiere at Woolly Mammoth. (Dayna Smith/FOR THE WASHINGTON POST)
This is a story about three women trying to escape to New York. Of the two who make it, only one is real.
Mia Chung is the playwright of “You for Me for You,” a world premiere at Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company on Nov. 5. The play focuses on two sisters from North Korea who attempt to sneak out of their homeland and move to America. One sister gets left behind.
Before Chung could write this play — before they were even a playwright — they were living in Los Angeles. By day, they worked a handful of assistant jobs. By night, they wrote screenplays. And really the only problem with this existence was that they hated L.A., and also their screenplays were terrible.
She'd always wanted to be a writer, but this L.A. thing just wasn't panning out. Even though Chung had enjoyed a stint working for HBO at the Comedy Arts Festival, they aren't so sure sketch comedy was really for them It was a lifestyle they aren't entirely psyched to adopt, and the sketches themselves were unsatisfying. “You write it, it goes up,” they recalled. “It's almost like you sneezed and it was gone.”
For a couple of years, what they refer to now as “probably the least happy part of my life,” they tried to make it work, the operative word being “tried.”
“I feel like the time [I was] in L.A., I was slowly losing the will to live,” they said.
And then a friend offered Chung a spot in this “illegal-illegal sublet” in New York, and Chung, like a protagonist they hadn't written yet, bolted to the city.
Once Chung arrived in New York, they nurtured a longtime appreciation of theater with ushering gigs at off-Broadway playhouses. When they were an undergrad at Yale, they “sort of fell in love with theater.” Having decided not to pursue sketch comedy or screenwriting, they wrote a one-act play, just for kicks, and “It felt like I'd found my medium,” said Chung. Them first crack at playwriting gave pretty telling glimpses of their work to come: the play, “We Spend Our Lives,” was about two middle-aged Korean sisters.
On a cold day in October, Chung sat in the lobby downstairs at Woolly, taking a break from rewrites and sitting in on rehearsal to discuss their work. With elbows on their thighs, shoulders forward, they seemed to talk as much with their hands as their mouth.
Between their first playwriting effort and their professional theatrical debut, Chung met and married their husband. They moved together to Berkeley, where they were a professor. While there, they explored the theater scene, getting a few readings and landing a short play into the Bay Area Playwrights Festival. From 2006 to 2007, they and their husband lived in D.C., where Chung interned at Arena Stage.
While their screenwriting career was one dead-on-arrival draft after another, their playwriting track record tells a significantly brighter story: she's had work developed all over the country, from the Doorway Arts Ensemble in Silver Spring to the Icicle Creek Theatre Festivalin Leavenworth, Wash. to the Kennedy Center's Page to Stage Festival. “You for Me” will move to Boston's Company One after its Woolly run.
When their husband took a position at Brown University in 2008, Chung enrolled in a graduate playwriting program there, first as a guest and then full time. Them thesis play, which would ultimately become “You for Me,” was inspired in large part by two events in the summer of 2009: Euna Lee and Laura Ling, two Asian American journalists were captured at the North Korean border (Bill Clinton negotiated their release) and Jaycee Dugard, who had been kidnapped as a child and held against their will for 18 years, was discovered in Northern California.
Chung grew up in San Diego, but their parents were born and raised in South Korea, so Chung has always felt fascinated by and yet foreign from the goings-on in North Korea.
“Whenever North Korea is in the news, I'm always interested,” they said. “Because especially [when] I was growing up, I had a very limited understanding of North Korea. Essentially my understanding was from Western media, which is somewhat propagandistic, and my parents. My dad would just write North Korea off.”
“Up until that point [in 2009],” they said. “The only question I had in mind was: why hasn't it fallen apart, and when is it going to?”
Learning about Jaycee Dugard and their sympathy toward their jailers introduced Chung to the concept of Stockholm syndrome, the psychological phenomenon wherein hostages bond with and even grow to care for their captors.
That knowledge “gave me the paradigm for understanding North Korea,” said Chung. “Because the social control [there] is so based on concepts of family and loyalty.” Instead of assuming North Korea's demise was imminent, said Chung, “The new question was: Will this ever fall apart?”
“You for Me” is the first play funded by Woolly's Free the Beast campaign, which aims to produce 25 new plays over the next 10 years.
“Without Free the Beast, we very well might have looked at this script and said, ‘We can't do this,'” said Howard Shalwitz, Woolly's artistic director. “Because you could just read the play and go, ‘Wow!' But it's a theatrical minefield.”
Chung's narrative unfolds on two continents and time moves differently in each place. In an effort to keep the audience on the side of the Korean-speaking protagonists, Americans spend much of the play speaking in nearly incomprehensible sounds; Chung employs a “no broken English” rule because, they said, “I think that is immediately distancing for an American audience.” As the Korean sister in New York improves their English, the speech of American characters becomes clearer.
In addition to paying Chung a completion commission, Woolly used Free the Beast money to hold a three-day workshop on site and, with the Ma-Yi Theater Company, a four-week workshop production in New York.
Yury Urnov, a Russian native who is in the States on a visa, is directing the production. “I must say the juxtaposition of this, the psychology of an American person and somebody coming from a totalitarian background . . . is something I have to deal with in my everyday life,” they said.
Less familiar to Urnov is the experience of working side-by-side with the playwright from Day One. That kind of insta-integration is one of the driving ideas behind Free the Beast, but it's taking some getting used to for Urnov, who rarely had to interact with writers back home. “90 percent of Russian theater is plays by dead authors,” they pointed out.
“It's a new kind of creation,” they said of the “You for Me” process. “The play is growing, and you're participating in each other's professions. That's obviously challenging, and obviously interesting, and by now I must say it's obviously useful.”
As rehearsals wrap up, Chung is grateful that the premonition of their high school mentor has, so far, proved false — he's the one who advised them to head to L.A. in the first place. Don't go into theater, they told her, “unless you want to starve.”
As for what's next, Chung, who has two brothers and two sisters, said, “You know, [my brothers] are probably waiting for the next play, for the play that I write about them. . . . We'll see what happens.”
You for Me for You
at Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company from Monday to Dec. 2. 641 D St. NW, www.woollymammoth.net, 202-393-3939.
CLOSE Jim Cramer spoke exclusively with Action Alerts Plus members on their monthly conference call about the latest developments about President Trump and the Russia investigation. Video provided by TheStreet Newslook
In this May 18, 2017 photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) (Photo11: Susan Walsh, AP)
Wall Street investors think it's unlikely President Trump will be impeached, step down or be forced out of the White House. But if any of that happens they say the market would recover from the initial shock and could even benefit if Vice President Mike Pence takes over and pushes forward with the Republican's economic agenda.
The controversies engulfing Trump include allegations that they tried to shut down an FBI investigation of a former adviser and a Justice Department probe into possible collusion between their campaign associates and Russia during the presidential campaign. And that has Wall Street handicapping whether Trump will survive their term and what their departure would mean for the stock market and the economy. While most Wall Street pros don't think fellow Republicans will turn against the president and vote to impeach or convict him, they're not ruling out anything just yet.
“In this climate of a bombshell every day, it's not 100% certain Trump will survive,” said Greg Valliere, chief global strategist at Horizon Investments.
If the president doesn't survive, would markets crumble under the weight of turmoil and uncertainty — or would a new bullish story line emerge?
The answer would depend on the timing of a Trump departure, who'd succeed them and the effect a power transfer would have on the economy and the president's business-focused agenda, according to a dozen Wall Street pros interviewed by USA TODAY.
The general consensus is that markets would be able to weather any short-term turbulence. That's mainly because the Republicans still control both chambers of Congress and have a vested interest in pushing through what Wall Street perceives as Trump's growth-friendly plan of large tax cuts for corporations, a dialing back of regulations and sizable spending to upgrade the nation's aging infrastructure. An initial stock selloff, investment pros say, would likely be followed by a recovery.
The Dow Jones industrial average, which the past two trading days has recouped nearly half of the 373-point drop it suffered Wednesday after Trump-inspired political turmoil, is still supported by an improving U.S. economy and strong corporate profits. The economy is on track to grow by 2.6% in the second quarter vs. growth of less than 1% in the first three months of the year, according to Barclays. And first-quarter earnings growth for companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index is on pace to rise 15.2%, its best performance since late 2011.
Here's how an abrupt Trump exit from the nation's political scene would affect markets and the thinking of investors:
* Timing is everything. Political angst is high at the moment, and if Trump were to resign or be removed from office in the next few months, the immediate reaction of investors would be to avoid risk by selling stocks. That would cause a market decline of around 5%, said Jamie Cox, managing director of Harris Financial Group. “Markets,” they said, “would react violently.”
The market, however, could suffer an even larger and “more-prolonged” decline if Trump's removal occurs closer to the 2018 mid-term elections. In that case, Republicans would be at risk of losing their majority in the Senate, Cox predicted. “The balance of power in government would likely tilt in the Senate to the Democrats,” they said. “The gridlock that would ensue would cause a more prolonged negative stock market response, say a 15% market decline.”
* Pence “Pop” possible. The main road to a market recovery travels through Vice President Mike Pence, most Wall Street pros say. Pence, according to Valliere, is the “anti-Trump,” an experienced, well-liked politician who is a “free trader, reliably pro-business, a former budget-cutting governor and a tax cutter.”
A Pence presidency would be characterized by “less drama.”  They are viewed as a more conventional politician, someone who is seen as being able to stabilize the White House and reduce the uncertainty that market participants despise. More important, Pence could get things done.
“I think the markets would react positively to the prospect of a Mike Pence presidency,” said Valliere. “Pence is more popular than Trump on Capitol Hill. In fact, I think Pence would have a better chance of getting Trump's agenda enacted than Trump himself.”
The Republicans have a strong incentive to move forward with the president's agenda with or without him, added Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Financial Partners.
“Many will be voted out of office if they don't fulfill their campaign promises, which is why the loss of Trump as president need not derail the market for an extended period of time,” said Zaccarelli, who warns the stock market could suffer an initial drop of 5% to 10% if Trump is out of a job in the next few months.
* Economic fallout. Political chaos doesn't necessarily have to lead to economic chaos. Wall Street will quickly analyze what the financial fallout would be if a Trump departure bombshell were to hit. The answer will determine the direction of financial markets.
“Despite short-term market reverberations it always comes back to, 'Does this change the outlook for the economy and corporate profits?,'” said Lisa Kopp, head of the traditional investments group at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rFL4cx
Working For Notebookcheck Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team! Currently wanted:
German-English-Translator - Details here
As smartphones become increasingly more powerful and feature-packed, the biggest drawback continues to be the limited battery size. It is quite difficult to fit a large battery in smartphones today, as they are becoming slimmer and lighter, but Doogee, a Chinese smartphone manufacturer, wants to change that. The newest smartphone from the company will feature a 6,250 mAh battery, and this is more than twice the size of many smartphone battery capacities seen today.
According to a leak, the device will reportedly have a 5.5-inch HD display and the MediaTek MT6735 quad-core processor. 4G LTE is supported by the HomTom as well. Information about the RAM has not yet been released. In terms of picture-taking, the main camera will be rear-facing and 13MP and includes dual flash. The front-facing camera will be 5MP. Storage for apps and photos will be 16GB and expandable, and amazingly, the device will supposedly be only 9.9mm thick. Considering the size of the battery, if the HomTom is truly this slim, it will be quite an achievement.
The last notable detail from the supposed leak is the inclusion of MediaTek Pump Express Plus charging, which could charge the device up to 75% in under ten minutes. The final frontier for smartphones seems to be battery capacity, as manufacturers are investing huge amounts of money into research for more compact and faster charging solutions. If these specs turn out to be true, hopefully the Doogee HomTom will push even more phone makers to create longer lasting devices.
Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi (Arabic: رافد أحمد علوان الجنابي‎, Rāfid Aḥmad Alwān; born 1968), known by the Defense Intelligence Agency cryptonym "Curveball",[1] is a German citizen who defected from Iraq in 1999, claiming that they had worked as a chemical engineer at a plant that manufactured mobile biological weapon laboratories as part of an Iraqi weapon of mass destruction program.[2] Alwan's allegations were subsequently shown to be false by the Iraq Survey Group's final report published in 2004.[3][4]
Despite warnings from the German Federal Intelligence Service and the British Secret Intelligence Service questioning the authenticity of the claims, the US Government and British government utilized them to build a rationale for military action in the lead up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, including in the 2003 State of the Union address, where President Bush said "we know that Iraq, in the late 1990s, had several mobile biological weapons labs", and Colin Powell's presentation to the UN Security Council, which contained a computer generated image of a mobile biological weapons laboratory.[2][5] They were later found to be mobile milk pasteurization and hydrogen generation trailers. On 24 September 2002, the British government published its dossier on the former Iraqi leader's WMD with a personal foreword by Blair, who assured readers Saddam Hussein had continued to produce WMD "beyond doubt".[6]
On November 4, 2007, 60 Minutes revealed Curveball's real identity.[7] Former CIA official Tyler Drumheller summed up Curveball as "a guy trying to get their green card essentially, in Germany, and playing the system for what it was worth."[2] They live in Germany, where they have been granted asylum.[8]
In a February 2011 interview with the Guardian they "admitted for the first time that they lied about their story, then watched in shock as it was used to justify the war."[8]
Claims and background [ edit ]
Rafid Ahmed Alwan studied chemical engineering in university but received low marks. They also worked at the Babel television production company in Baghdad, which was owned by Saddam Hussein's son Uday; sometime after leaving their job, a warrant was issued for their arrest because of theft from the same company.[7]
Curveball's story began in November 1999 when Alwan, then in their early 30s, arrived at Munich's Franz Josef Strauss Airport with a tourist visa. Upon entering the country they applied for political asylum because they had embezzled Iraqi government money and faced prison or worse if sent home. The German refugee system sent them to Zirndorf, a refugee center near Nuremberg.[9]
After they arrived at the refugee center they changed their story. Alwan's new story included that after they had graduated at the top of their chemical engineering class at Baghdad University in 1994,[10] they worked for "Dr. Germ," British-trained microbiologist Rihab Rashid Taha to lead a team that built mobile labs to produce lethal biological WMD.[10]
The Germans listened to their claims and debriefed them starting in December 1999,[11] continuing to September 2001. Although the Americans did not have "direct access" to Curveball,[12][13] information collected by the BND debriefing team was later passed on in part to the Defense Intelligence Agency in the United States.[14] As an incentive to keep supplying information to German intelligence, Curveball had been granted asylum, as they had applied earlier in 1999 and failed.[15] They had enough money that they did not have to work. They gave many hours of testimony about Iraq's WMD program and in particular its mobile weapons laboratories. Despite CIA technicians and weapon experts finding major flaws and inconsistencies with the designs and systems they asserted the military was developing, this information made it to the American government and although there were wide doubts and questions about the claimed informant's reliability and background, assertions attributed to Curveball claiming that Iraq was creating biological agents in mobile weapons laboratories to elude inspectors appeared in more than 112 United States government reports between January 2000 and September 2001.[16] Their assertions eventually made it into United States Secretary of State Colin Powell's address on February 5, 2003 to the United Nations detailing Iraq's weapons programs.
According to a Danish state TV documentary, DR1 Dokumentaren "Manden som løj verden i krig"[17] broadcast on April 21, 2010, Curveball was still living in Germany under protection from the German police. Danish TV filmed Rafid and recorded clips of conversation with him, before they called the police and had the TV-crew banned from their neighbourhood.[citation needed]
Criticism, investigation, and damage control [ edit ]
In 2003, inspectors led by David Kay conducted additional investigation of Curveball's credibility. They found among other things that they had been placed last in their university class when they had claimed to have been placed first, and that they had been jailed for embezzlement before fleeing to Germany.
In response to public criticism, U.S. president Bush initiated an investigative commission who released their report on March 31, 2005. Bush's investigative commission came to many conclusions including:
Curveball's German intelligence handlers saw them as "crazy … out of control", their friends called them a "congenital liar", and a US physician working for the Defense Department who travelled to Germany to take blood samples seeking to discover if Anthrax spores were present was stunned to find the defector had shown up for medical tests with a "blistering hangover", [18] and they "might be an alcoholic". [19]
and they "might be an alcoholic". While there were many reports that Curveball was actually a relative (younger brother) of one of Ahmed Chalabi's Iraqi National Congress (INC) top aides, [20] [21] the investigative commission stated that it was "unable to uncover any evidence that the INC or any other organization was directing Curveball." [22]
the investigative commission stated that it was "unable to uncover any evidence that the INC or any other organization was directing Curveball." The Bush administration ignored evidence from the UN weapons inspectors that Curveball's claims were false. Curveball had identified a particular Iraqi facility as a docking station for mobile labs. Satellite photography had showed a wall made such access impossible, but it was theorised that this wall was temporary. "When United Nations Monitoring Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) inspectors visited the site on February 9, 2003, they found that the wall was a permanent structure and could find nothing to corroborate Curveball's statements."[23] Instead, the inspectors found the warehouse to be used for seed processing.[24]
Blame [ edit ]
The Bush administration laid blame on the CIA, criticizing its officials for "failing to investigate" doubts about Curveball, which emerged after an October 2002 National Intelligence Estimate. In May 2004, over a year after the invasion of Iraq, the CIA concluded formally that Curveball's information was fabricated. Furthermore, on June 26, 2006, The Washington Post reported that "the CIA acknowledged that Curveball was a con artist who drove a taxi in Iraq and spun their engineering knowledge into a fantastic but plausible tale about secret bioweapons factories on wheels."[15]
On April 8, 2005, CIA Director Porter Goss ordered an internal review of the CIA in order to determine why doubts about Curveball's reliability were not forwarded to policymakers. Former CIA Director George Tenet and their former deputy, John E. McLaughlin, announced that they were not aware of doubts about Curveball's veracity before the war. However, Tyler Drumheller, the former chief of the CIA's European division, told the Los Angeles Times that "everyone in the chain of command knew exactly what was happening."[25]
Admission of fabrication [ edit ]
In February 2011, Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi admitted for the first time that they lied about their story regarding Iraq's secret biological weapons program.[8] They also admitted to being shocked that their false story was used as a justification for the Iraq War but proud that the fabrications helped topple Saddam Hussein.
According to the Danish The Man Who Lied the World Into War film (2010/2011 update, basing on sources) after they were found by the document makers and they put questions to the chief security and spy services of their new home country, they lost their "work" (in a company found and described by the document makers as a cover with their position of "marketing specialist") and "salary with flat". Then, when they had to get back to the social one-room flat with social security help-salary, they phoned the documentary staff proposing an interview for the €40,000 (before the UK newspaper article). They also showed papers which, according to him, clearly proved that a contract between them and this "cover company" had been signed for the 15 years, starting in the 1999/2000, with a relatively high monthly salary of €3,000.[26][27]
The name "Curveball" [ edit ]
Allegedly because the Iraqi informant disliked Americans,[20] Germany's intelligence service (BND) classified them as a "blue" source, meaning the Germans would not permit U.S. access to them (red sources were allowed American contact).[9] Later evidence indicated that they were in fact pro-American, and that the Germans were guarding their source.[28] The Germans did pass on information to the American intelligence agencies and the informant was given the codename "Curveball". Despite it being an American term, the Americans deny coining the name, and its origin is uncertain. The base cryptonym "ball" had been used during the Cold War when dealing with informants who had intelligence about weapons.[9][29]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Batman Begins defined for many what a superhero film could be. Here are 9 small details that audiences missed in this masterpiece.
1) At The End The Joker Card Is Recorded By Officer J. Kerr – An Alias Used By The Joker
2) Bruce Wayne Shows Up In A Lamborghini Murciélago. Murciélago Is Spanish For Bat
3) Hans Zimmer And James Newton Howard, Composers Of The Soundtrack, Split Responsibilities So That One Composed The Theme For Bruce Wayne, While The Other Did For Batman
4) The Opera That The Waynes Go To Is The Story Of Batman Begins
The opera is called Mefistofele and it is the story of the devil (Ra's) trying to corrupt Faust (Bruce Wayne) by helping them to fulfill their wishes (the pursuit of justice). Ultimately Faust realizes that the devil can't get them what they want and turns to God (…Batman?)
5) Each Of The Songs On The Soundtrack Are Named After A Species Of Bat
Also, the first letters of the songs spell out “BATMAN”.
6) A Clue To Ra's' Real Identity Is That Liam Neeson's Mustache Is In The Same Style As The Comic Figures' Beard
7) The Theme That Is Playing When Bruce's Parents Are Killed Is The Sound Of A Child's Voice Frozen. It Symbolizes Bruce Becoming Frozen In This Moment Of Time
8) The Branding Iron In Begins Is Later The Mark Shown On Talia In Rises
9) There Are Batman Shaped Figures On Young Bruce Wayne's Sweater
Take a look at some Easter Eggs from the Avengers.
And keep in touch:
Professional instigator Milo Yiannopoulos launched their Professional instigator Milo Yiannopoulos launched their “Gays for Trump” party last night near the Republican National Convention in Cleveland by stripping off a bulletproof vest to reveal a tank top depicting a rainbow colored machine gun. The t-shirt read “we shoot back.”
Their party also featured Trump surrogate and GOProud founder Chris Baron; anti-Islamic fundamentalist Pamela Geller (her opening joke: “A jihadi walks into a gay bar. What do they order? Shots for everyone”); and racist Dutch politician Geert Wilders. And that event was not the most vile thing Yiannopoulos did this week.
Others would have to tweet photos of the seemingly sparsely attended party for Yiannopoulos (“Milo” to their fans), because just shortly before the event Tuesday night, Twitter permanently banned the tweeter formerly known as Others would have to tweet photos of the seemingly sparsely attended party for Yiannopoulos (“Milo” to their fans), because just shortly before the event Tuesday night, Twitter permanently banned the tweeter formerly known as @Nero for targeted abuse.
They had been repeatedly suspended from Twitter in the past (in 2015 for changing their profile to include a description as Buzzfeed's “social justice editor,” and in 2016 for criticizing Islam in the wake of the Pulse nightclub massacre). But each time they were reinstated after their fans cried foul—and they do that really well. But their time, the ban appears to be for good.
Yiannopoulos, a 32-year-old Greek-British tech editor for Breitbart.com, had just incited a wave of unbelievably disgusting racist and sexist messages on the Twitter account of Ghostbusters and Saturday Night Live actor and comedian Leslie Jones, Yiannopoulos, a 32-year-old Greek-British tech editor for Breitbart.com, had just incited a wave of unbelievably disgusting racist and sexist messages on the Twitter account ofGhostbustersandSaturday Night Liveactor and comedian Leslie Jones, prompting them to quit Twitter . Them final tweet read: “I leave Twitter tonight with tears and a very sad heart. All this because I did a movie.”
I feel like I'm in a personal hell. I didn't do anything to deserve this. It's just too much. It shouldn't be like this. So hurt right now. — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 19, 2016
A Twitter spokesperson, describing Yiannopoulos' ban, said in a statement: “People should be able to express diverse opinions and beliefs on Twitter. But no one deserves to be subjected to targeted abuse online, and our rules prohibit inciting or engaging in the targeted abuse or harassment of others.”
In the event you haven't been lurking in Twitter's darkest, nastiest corners, a little explanation as to how Jones landed in the crosshairs of a Twitter mob may be in order. (But it's really gross. You've been warned.)
Sexist invectives have been running rampant on social media since the first announcements of the all-female cast of the Ghostbusters remake, now out in theaters—and Yiannopoulos was right there to capitalize on the misplaced rage of butt-hurt, basement-dwelling, misogynist, middle-aged fanboys.
Yiannopoulos, a critic of third wave feminism and Islam, and a self-described “free speech fundamentalist” and “dangerous faggot,” has certainly earned their following among sexist and anti-feminist audiences, particularly as spokesperson for the “alt-right” in Yiannopoulos, a critic of third wave feminism and Islam, and a self-described “free speech fundamentalist” and “dangerous faggot,” has certainly earned their following among sexist and anti-feminist audiences, particularly as spokesperson for the “alt-right” in the misogynist Gamergate movement . Gamergaters would rather women not play video games, or hear complaints about the rape and murder of female characters in games. When challenged, Gametgaters threaten doxx , and abuse female gamers. In 2014, Yiannopoulos published the first of a number of pro-Gamergate columns titled “Feminist Bullies Are Tearing the Videogame Industry Apart,” in which they described “An army of sociopathic feminist programmers and campaigners, abetted by achingly politically correct American tech bloggers… lying, bullying and manipulating their way around the internet for profit and attention.” (Twitter faced criticism for it's handling of Gamergate, for not doing enough to stop the persecution of women gamers on the platform.) Fusion quotes Alex Baldwin, a 23-year-old former moderator of the Gamergate subreddit KotakuInAction, saying, “He's been the only journalist so far to give Gamergate any sort of credibility. Without Milo, it probably would have just fizzled out, in all honesty.” So we can thank Yiannopoulos for that.
Their review of Ghostbusters flagged the alt-right anti-feminists and anti-progressives, namechecking the reviled SJWs, or “social justice warriors”: “ Ghostbusters , the film acting as standard bearer for the social justice left, is full of female characters that are simply stand-ins for men plus a black character worthy of a minstrel show… Patty [played by Leslie Jones] is the worst of the lot. The actor is spectacularly unappealing, even relative to the rest of the odious cast. But it's their flat-as-a-pancake black stylings that ought to have irritated the SJWs. I don't get offended by such things, but they should.” Their review offlagged the alt-right anti-feminists and anti-progressives, namechecking the reviled SJWs, or “social justice warriors”: “Ghostbusters, the film acting as standard bearer for the social justice left, is full of female characters that are simply stand-ins for men plus a black character worthy of a minstrel show… Patty [played by Leslie Jones] is the worst of the lot. The actor is spectacularly unappealing, even relative to the rest of the odious cast. But it's their flat-as-a-pancake black stylings that ought to have irritated the SJWs. I don't get offended by such things, but they should.”
In a statement following the ban, Yiannopoulos said: “I did nothing wrong. Twitter has suspended me without evidence of wrongdoing and without explanation while allowing the most appalling abuses to continue on its platform. This is political, plain and simple. Leslie Jones ain't afraid of no ghost—but evidently she's allergic to bad reviews.”
It wasn't the reviews, Milo. Unless you mean these reviews:
Since Monday, many Twitter users have been expressing support for Jones using the hashtag #LoveforLeslieJ, including Ghostbusters director Paul Feig, and actors Reese Witherspoon and Sherri Shepherd.
Supporters of Yiannopoulos have kept #FreeMilo currently trending on Twitter. At yesterday's event, Yiannopoulos said, “What a humiliating end to a wonderful run. I thought it could at least be getting into a fight with somebody serious, but no—it was the tertiary star of a fucking terrible feminist flop.” It's an unsurprising response from Yiannopoulos, and one that'll likely get them many more pageviews on Breitbart.com—and perhaps more speaking engagements.
It's all enough to make a person want to quit Twitter and never look back.
Volcanoes on Venus
Overview
Locations after Head et al. (1992) J. Geophys. Res. 97, 13153.
Base map is Magellan topography data, available at NASA's JPL.
Background
First, since the atmosphere is mostly CO2, Venus has an extreme Greenhouse Effect. In fact, the surface temperature on Venus is about 470!C (about 880!F). Further, the surface air pressure on Venus is about 90 times greater than that at sealevel on Earth. This is roughly equivalent to the WATER pressure on Earth one kilometer beneath the oceanUs surface. These surface conditions have two effects. (1) There is no water on the surface of Venus. Indeed, there is almost no water in the air, either. The clouds are mostly made of sulfuric acid and they are much, much higher than most clouds on the Earth. (2) Due to the high atmospheric pressure, the winds on Venus are also relatively slow. Thus, neither wind nor rain can really affect the surface on Venus. As a result, volcanic features will look freshly formed for a long time.
Second, Venus shows no evidence for plate tectonics. There are no long, linear volcano chains. There are no clear subduction zones. Although rifts are common, none look like the mid-ocean ridges on Earth. Also, continent-like regions are rare, and show none of the jigsaw fits seen on Earth. Thus, where volcanism on Earth mostly marks plate boundaries and plate movements, volcanism on Venus is much more regional and much less organized.
Third, volcanism on Venus shows fewer eruptive styles than on the Earth. Almost all volcanism on Venus seems to involve fluid lava flows. There is no sign of explosive, ash-forming eruptions on Venus, and little evidence for the eruption of sludgy, viscous lavas. This may reflect a combination of several effects. First, due to the high air pressure, venusian lavas need much higher gas contents than Earth lavas to erupt explosively. Second, the main gas driving lava explosions on Earth are water, which is in very short supply on Venus. Lastly, many viscous lavas and explosive eruptions on Earth occur near plate subduction zones. Thus, the lack of subduction zones should also reduce the likelihood of such eruptions on Venus.
They may be pretty, but Aria, Hanna, Spencer and Emily are wrapped in a very ugly web of lies, deceit and murder.
The twisted tale of "Pretty Little Liars" is the most talked about show on Twitter, as the season-four winter debut generated 30,000 tweets per minute and 1.3 million in total, making it the most tweeted season premiere in TV history.
Viewers chime in as these four heros search for clues to their friend Alison's mysterious death and their hunt for "A," the alleged culprit who has been tormenting them for years.
But did Alison fake their death? And who are they hiding from?
"We leak a lot of secrets and answers," Sasha Pieterse, who plays Alison on the show, said today on "Good Morning America" of their highly anticipated finale. "So I think we're all satisfied, but I think the fans are especially going to be extremely happy."
The avid "Pretty Little Liars" fans will be the judge of that as they tune in tonight in hopeful expectation of finding out who "A" really is, sure to tweet their every question and thought as the plot thickens further.
"There are a lot of questions that are going to be answered," Lucy Hale, who plays Aria, said, adding, however, "in the nature of our show, that only raises more new questions."
Even the stars themselves are left in the dark about the new dramatic plot twists of the ABC Family show that will ensue as they begin filming season five in less than a week, but as for tonight's finale, it's safe to say their social media-savvy viewers will be left on the edge of their seats.
"Every season finale someone either dies or goes missing," Ashley Benson, who plays Hanna, explained. "At the table read I'm like, 'Oh my God!' When you actually gasp, that's like a big moment.
"The season finales are always great. They always have good cliffhangers. And this episode we find out a lot about what happens to Ali."
The season finale of "Pretty Little Liars" airs tonight at 8 p.m. ET on ABC Family. And "GMA" viewers were given part one of the code word needed in order to unlock exclusive spoilers about the summer season.
Part one of the code is "Marlene." Part two of the code will appear onscreen near the end of tonight's episode. Once you put the codes together, head over to pllsneakpeek.com to unlock the spoilers.
Early in their marriage, Lily Copenagle and Jamie Kennel began crafting a plan for living, scribbling house designs and lists of must-haves on notepads and paper napkins.
The idea was simple. They would create a home that was big enough for the two of them, but small enough so that it would be easy to maintain, environmentally responsible and inexpensive to operate. And that would allow them to free up their time and funds for intellectual and recreational pursuits. Own less, live more: It sounds like a platitude, but it became their strategy.
“We never liked furnishing or cleaning or taking care of things we really didn't need,” said Ms. Copenagle, 40, who has degrees in physics and cell biology and is associate dean of students at Reed College in Portland, Ore., where their job involves helping students stay, and succeed, in college.
As their husband said, “There's so much more personal freedom in going smaller.”
Mr. Kennel, 38, is the director of a Portland paramedics program who plans to pursue a doctorate in education or the behavioral sciences, and is particularly interested in how small teams of emergency medical technicians and others work together in a crisis, often in tight quarters. Ms. Copenagle said, “Jamie sees people on the worst day of their life, medically, and I see them at their toughest academic moment.”
As far as being the face of the Raiders and the identity of this team, they don't get much more ideal than Marcel Reece. The seven-year Raider is coming off a second consecutive Pro Bowl appearance and just signed a new long term deal with the team this off-season.
Reece watched as a lot of good Raider players left town this off-season. Most notably Jared Veldheer and Lamarr Houston. The Raiders tried to fill Veldheer's shoes early in free agency when they brought in Roger Saffold, but they failed their physical. They then signed Justin Tuck to fill Lamarr Houston's shoes at defensive end.
The team needed a lot more players to be signed an lot of positions still yet to be filled -- not the least of which was left tackle. And Reece being an outspoken ambassador for the Raiders, went to work.
"You'd have to look at my phone bill to really see the recruiting I actually did but I did a lot," said Reece. "[Left tackle] Donald Penn told me today they were tired of me texting them 2-3 times a day. But like I said, it's about this team. A lot of people know this team is very important to me, what it means to be a Raider is important to me, important to my life, and my career. It means a lot to me to be able to have the ability to even recruit and say 'come join my team'. And I think we did a great job of bringing some guys in. Obviously there were a few guys that we wanted to keep but other than that, we were fairly successful."
One of the other crucial position needed filling was quarterback. The Raiders had their eye on Texans' signal caller, Matt Schaub and eventually were able to trade a sixth round pick to get him. It's an addition Reece thinks will be huge for this team as well as the team's offensive coordinator, Greg Olson.
"Matt Schaub's a good guy," Reece said. "You can tell he's a leader, that's what you need at the quarterback position because they possess the most power with the ball in their hands every single play on the offensive side of the ball. So, I think we have a great leader, a great guy, and I'm looking forward to them being confident as a Raider quarterback."
"I think it means a lot for [Greg Olson] as an offensive coordinator, just for one having stability at a position. And you have a vested veteran at the position and I think it's gonna mean a lot to them to be able to open their mind and allow them to be as creative as possible. Maybe as creative as he's been in their career as an offensive coordinator."
Last year's starter heading into the season was Terrelle Pryor, who requested a trade this off-season and was dealt to the Seahawks yesterday for a seventh round pick. Reece spoke on the developments with Pryor this off-season.
"Nothing surprises me at this point in my career," they said of Pryor's departure. "I've seen a lot happen in my seven years with the organization and nothing really surprises me. As a team we just wish them the best, thank them for what they did here, and wish them the best."
Follow @LeviDamien
It was revealed last Thursday that actor Harrison Ford had sustained an injury on the set of Star Wars: Episode VII, and now The Hollywood Reporter brings word that Ford has suffered a broken ankle and will miss up to eight weeks of filming on the highly-anticipated sequel. The site also reports that Ford's injury will not change the film's release date. Check back for further details on the matter as we learn them.
Ford joins the returning Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew and Kenny Baker for the new film alongside new additions John Boyega, Daisy Ridley, Adam Driver, Oscar Isaac, Andy Serkis, Domhnall Gleeson, Lupita Nyong'o, Gwendoline Christie and Max von Sydow.
Star Wars: Episode VII is being directed by J.J. Abrams from a script they co-wrote with Lawrence Kasdan. It will open in wide release on December 18, 2015.
(Photo Credit: FayesVision/WENN.com)
[Gallery not found]
An Amnesty International report released Friday addresses human rights concerns raised by how protesters in Ferguson were treated by law enforcement.
In a press release, Steven W. Hawkins, executive director of Amnesty International USA said that “what Amnesty International witnessed in Missouri on the ground this summer underscored that human rights abuses do not just happen across borders and oceans.”
Amnesty International sent a team clad in bright yellow shirts to Ferguson to observe law enforcement practices during protest, following the shooting death of Michael Brown.
“Standing on West Florissant Avenue with my colleagues, I saw a police force, armed to the teeth, with military-grade weapons," Hawkins said in the release. "I saw a crowd that included the elderly and young children fighting the effects of tear gas. There must be accountability and systemic change that follows this excessive force.”
The excessive force witnessed by Amnesty happened during what the report characterized as “mostly peaceful protest.”
Margaret Huang, deputy executive director for campaigns and programs for Amnesty International, said that the tactics used by police to prevent citizens from peacefully assembling violated citizens' basic rights.
“There were a number of substantial concerns about the violation of the right to peacefully protest,” they said. “There were more than 170 people arrested in the first 12 days of the protest after Michael Brown's shooting and more than three-quarters of those were for the refusal to disperse.”
Other police tactics condemned in the report included the implementation of a curfew, requiring protestors to continue walking at all times or face arrest, and restricting assembly areas.
Amnesty international's report also suggested that police being equipped with military grade weaponry during peaceful demonstration, intimidated protestors. The report noted incidents such as one on Aug. 13 when “the St. Louis County officers lined the march routes on West Florissant … with officers outfitted in riot gear and armed with semi-automatic weapons that were pointed at demonstrators.”
In the report, Amnesty International said that “the type of equipment used to disperse an assembly must be carefully considered and used only when necessary, proportional and lawful.”
Huang said copies of the report, which includes a long list of recommendations for changes in practice and law, have been sent to Missouri and national officials.
"I think that one of the concerns we've had is that they have not been particularly responsive to concerns that have been raised in the past,” Huang said. “We did send letters to the governor and to the police chief of Ferguson during the time of the protest back in August. We have not received full, complete responses about the request. So we hope they are going to see this report and take this more seriously and take action.”
The review also weighed in on issues directly related to the confrontation between Michael Brown and Darren Wilson, including the use of lethal force.
“The state laws of Missouri actually gives a rather broad justification for use of force by law enforcement,” Huang said. “The requirements of the Missouri law are not in compliance with international standards and also in fact violate constitutional obligations.”
International standards for the use of lethal force limit its use to incidents where it is required to protect life.
Huang says that Amnesty is calling on Missouri to change its policy to meet international human rights standards.
“We should be concerned with human rights violations wherever they happened,” Huang said. “We shouldn't be afraid to call out violations when they happened in the United States because we should be looking for opportunities to protect everyone's human rights. I think that we want people to think about these issues as human rights concerns, not just as problems in communities or with certain particular racial groups. These are human rights abuses just like the ones you hear about oversees on the news.”
In response to the report, St. Louis County Police Public Information Officer Sergeant Brian Schellman said, “the St. Louis County Police Department and Unified Command had one mission and that was the preservation of life.”
Final Ferguson Report released by Amnesty
Iceberg Grounding on Seafloor (Slow Down)
This sound was recorded May 19, 1997 on the eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean autonomous hydrophone array. The origin time and source location are 15:30 GMT near 62°S, 60°W. This is an area off the Antarctic Peninsula with numerous islands and shoals and it is highly probable that this sound was produced by a large iceberg as it became grounded. The sound slowly descends in frequency over about 7 minutes as the drifting iceberg slows to a stop once it comes in contact with the seafloor, however it was of sufficient amplitude to be heard on three sensors at 110W, and 8S, 0, and 8N, at a range of nearly 5,000 km. The South American continent blocked the great circle path from this location to the three eastern sensors located along the 95° longitude line. This type of signal has been recorded numerous times as large icebergs run aground (MacAyeal et al., 2008). Often, after a “slowdown” occurs, a “speedup” follows an aseismic eye of no seismicity associated with local slack tide. This has been interpreted to reflect the acoustic energy of the grounded iceberg responding to the changing tides.
Click on spectrogram for full-sized image.
Despite multiple reports suggesting that free agent outfielder Eddy Julio Martinez had agreed to terms with the Cubs, Giants GM Bobby Evans indicated today that their team remains in the chase for the young Cuban. Evans made those comments in a podcast interview with Tim Kawakami of the Mercury News.
Martinez, of course, had initially been set to join the San Francisco organization — as Evans themselves acknowledged — before that deal reportedly fell through. Reports suggested that Martinez was seeking a $3MM bonus, a $500K increase over what they had been said to be getting from the Giants. Just one day later, Martinez was said to have reached a contract with the Cubs at the higher amount.
“That's probably going to be a great story here in the near future,” Evans said of the Martinez situation. They noted that they are still holding talks with the youngster's agents at BHSC. When asked whether San Francisco still had a shot at landing Martinez, Evans responded: “I want to be careful not to be too presumptuous, but yeah, I think there's still that chance.”
Needless to say, there's an immense amount of uncertainty and a general lack of clarity regarding Martinez's status. It remains unclear what kinds of motivations and factors are driving the unusual situation.
The rooftop of the University of Illinois' performing arts center apparently was significant to the student from Gurnee who killed themselves there early Wednesday morning.
It was the place where they performed as a member of the Hindsley Symphonic Band, one of five concert bands that perform at the center. It was also the place where they stood on the rooftop in 2015 in their Facebook profile photo.
Their passion was music, from playing the drums to writing for a couple of Champaign-based entertainment magazines, friends said.
"He loved drums, and they made their own music," senior Aiden Baker, of Northbrook, said. "Freshman year, our friends used to go and hang out on the Krannert rooftop together. We'd stay up there all night and talk."
The 21-year-old set themselves on fire around 2:47 a.m. Wednesday on the rooftop near the outdoor amphitheater of the Krannert Center for the Performing Arts, 500 S. Goodwin Ave., Urbana. By the time University of Illinois police arrived, they had severe burns on their entire body and was likely dead, according to university police spokesperson Pat Wade.
A gas can was found next to their body.
They lived in Urbana and studied musicology at the university beginning in 2013. This was their first year back on campus after returning home to attend the College of Lake County for almost a year.
Senior Matt Erickson, of Wheeling, remembered their friend's passion for drumming and how they were always prepared for practice for a band they were in while living in the same residence hall.
"We both would talk about how we could improve enough to get into the performance degrees for our instruments here," they said. "He had a way of saying it that sounded so sure, so optimistic. They were a phenomenal drummer and an even better person."
"He was beautiful, intense and intuitive," Baker said. ""He knew how to peel back layers and could really see me, in that really intense, intimate way, all the way to the core. They could cut to the center of anything."
They met them four years ago, introducing themselves to them each time with a different alias.
"I texted them ... before I knew (he was dead) and asked them if they wanted to play drums over my poetry. They introduced me to so many things," they said. "Every moment with them stands out. The world lost a truly incredible, unique, irreplaceable, holy guy."
Gurnee resident Wendy Holleran said their children often played with them as they grew up.
"He was a kind, funny, smart, handsome boy," they said. "It is a tragedy to lose such a good soul in such a horrible way. Peace to him, their family and those of us that loved him."
Megan Jones is a freelance reporter for the News-Sun.
Frankfort Business Owner, City Officials in Disagreement On Use of Electric Longboards
A controversy on four wheels.
The use of electric longboards in a Northern Michigan city is facing scrutiny.
Frankfort City officials say the longboards do not meet standards for four-wheel motor vehicles, and can't be used on public sidewalks or roadways.
The owner of the Beach Nut Surf Shop says otherwise.
Larry Bordine and their staff use electric longboards to take rental boards to the beach as part of their business.
Recently, Bordine says an employee bumped a child crossing the street, which caused concern.
On July 4th, Bordine says they were detained for not following an agreement with the county to stop using the boards, that they never signed.
"We are a beach community. We are a beach town. We are a destination beach town. People come here because they enjoy longboarding. You can get all over this town with a longboard. To bring electric longboards into the scene, you can be cutting edge and lead the charge on that,” Larry Bordine, owner, Beach Nut Surf Shop said.
Northern Michigan's News Leader reached out to the city lawyer and city police, who have not returned calls.
Bordine says they have agreed to not use boards for work unless those using them carry a license.
Comments
comments
Athens, Ga. – Buried deep in the mud along the banks of a remote salt lake near Yosemite National Park are colonies of bacteria with an unusual property: they breathe a toxic metal to survive. Researchers from the University of Georgia discovered the bacteria on a recent field expedition to Mono Lake in California, and their experiments with this unusual organism show that it may one day become a useful tool for industry and environmental protection.
The bacteria use elements that are notoriously poisonous to humans, such as antimony and arsenic, in place of oxygen, an ability that lets them survive buried in the mud of a hot spring in this unique saline soda basin.
“Just like humans breathe oxygen, these bacteria respire poisonous elements to survive,” said Chris Abin, author of a paper describing the research published recently in the journal Environmental Science & Technology and a doctoral candidate in microbiology. “It is particularly fond of arsenic, but it uses other related elements as well, and we think it may be possible to harness these natural abilities to make useful products out of different elements.”
Antimony, for example, is a naturally occurring silver-colored metal that is widely used by numerous industries to make plastics, vulcanized rubber, flame retardants and a host of electronic components including solar cells and LEDs. To make these products, antimony must be converted into antimony trioxide, and this bacterium is capable of producing two very pure kinds of crystalline antimony trioxide perfectly suited for industry.
Traditional chemical methods used to convert antimony ore into antimony trioxide can be expensive, time-consuming and they often create harmful byproducts. But the bacteria discovered by UGA researchers make antimony trioxide naturally as a consequence of respiration, creating a useful industrial product without creating noxious byproducts or requiring legions of specialized equipment.
“The antimony trioxide crystals produced by this bacterium are far superior to those that are currently produced using chemical methods,” said James Hollibaugh, UGA Franklin College of Arts and Sciences Distinguished Research Professor of Marine Sciences and principal investigator for the project. “We tested the crystals we made alongside commercially available products that are 99 percent pure, and ours is either of identical or superior quality.”
Hollibaugh and Abin think it might be possible for industry to maintain large cultures of their bacteria in simple holding tanks, feed it oxidized antimony and collect the antimony trioxide crystals as they form naturally. After harvesting the crystals, manufacturers would need only to feed more oxidized antimony into the tanks to keep the predominantly self-sustaining process going.
But the bacteria's usefulness is not restricted to refining antimony. It possesses a number of different enzymes that allow it to use other dangerous elements that accumulate in wastewaters near mines or refineries and pose serious threats to humans and animals. For example, the bacteria are capable of reducing other contaminants including selenium and tellurium.
Preliminary tests suggest that the bacteria could be used to remove these pollutants from the wastewater and protect the surrounding ecosystems.
“It might be used in one of two ways,” said Hollibaugh. “The bacteria could be used simply to clean up the water, but it might also be possible for the bacteria to help humans recover and recycle the valuable elements in the water.”
This way, says Hollibaugh, the water stays clean and industry doesn't waste a valuable strategic resource.
Both Abin and Hollibaugh caution that more research must be done before any of these applications are ready to deploy. UGA has applied for patents to protect these unique processes as well as the bacterium itself, and they are currently testing the bacteria's efficacy in different environments and conditions to discover how the bacteria react when they are exposed to a variety of metals simultaneously.
“UGA is currently seeking partners interested in licensing this technology and also partnering with professor Hollibaugh toward the development of additional industrial uses for the invention,” said Gennaro Gama, senior technology licensing manager at UGA. “We believe this technology represents a feasible solution to many kinds of environmental contamination, but it also is useful for producing important commodities such as antimony trioxide, elemental selenium and tellurium.”
For licensing information, please contact Gennaro Gama, gjg@uga.edu, 706-583-8088.
Renault suffered a poor pre-season and lost ground through chasing reliability in the opening races of the season, during which time it suffered a series of high-profile failures as well as heavy criticism from the Red Bull team and its drivers.
Since Barcelona in May, Renault's V6 has been stable enough to concentrate on making performance steps and scored its first podium finish of the season at Hungary.
Now it is looking for a major leap in performance with the use of engine development tokens. It has yet to use any of its allocation of 12 tokens so far in 2015, and Red Bull boss Christian Horner is expecting it to take until Sochi for the upgrade to arrive.
“We will try to do as much as we can in one go to do the big step,” Taffin told Motorsport.com. “It is not going to be Spa, I guess, not Monza – maybe it will be Singapore or Russia or the race after. Whether it is Russia or not, it will be to have a proper improvement, something you can clearly see with the lap time.
“Either you go into the season and go for big steps, or you go for small steps. And sometimes you find small steps are more costly than the big steps, because you can concentrate on the big upgrade, and that is what we have done.
“Whether we will have the big upgrade in 2015 or 2016, it is because we started later than we would have liked. The fact is we also have some [new] parts on the dyno running, and we can see the performance is there.”
Setting realistic targets
Although Taffin is hopeful of implementing the major step, most likely in October, they do not expect the kind of performance jump that will challenge pacesetters Mercedes.
“I can definitely say we will not be as powerful – I don't think we will have a better engine than Mercedes by the end of the season, but that is not the aim,” said Taffin.
“We know where we are, we know where we want to be next season for example, and this step we want to make later in the season is part of the plan to recover. You have to be cautious and organised whether and where and when you want to close that gap.
“What we use at the end of this year will be something that we keep on using for next year, but this is what we would call the main programme, but there are still some parallel programmes, and there is development you follow and if something looks promising you try to integrate it.”
Small steps continue to be made
Renault continues to turn up its engines gradually, in an attempt to maximize their performance, until the big upgrade becomes available.
“Every single race, we try to put more performance in,” said Taffin. “I think from Spa or Monza onwards, we will be at the full potential of what we have got, but you have to bear in mind that we can use new fuel and stuff like that and we don't need tokens for that.
“It is fair to say we raced [in Hungary] with a new Total fuel, and that is part of the development programme.
“The plan is there. The fact is we've got some parts on the dyno, and we see progress, but until we are sure that the big step is there – ready to go – we will not put it on the car.”
Interview by Oleg Karpov
NASA has revealed "the highest resolution terrain mapping to date" of the Moon's South Pole, revealing that it's "much more rugged than previously understood".
Scientists at the agency's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena used* the Goldstone Solar System Radar in the Mojave Desert to capture the 20 metres per pixel data - 50 times the resolution of the previous best of one kilometre per pixel returned by the Clementine spacecraft.
The result of their efforts is a series of images and animations, including this digital elevation map:
The findings are significant because the area around the pole's "Shackleton Crater" has been mooted as a possible landing site for future manned exploration.
Doug Cooke, deputy associate administrator for the Exploration Systems Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington, said: "The South Pole of the Moon certainly would be a beautiful place to explore. We now know the South Pole has peaks as high as Mt McKinley and crater floors four times deeper than the Grand Canyon. There are challenges that come with such rugged terrain, and these data will be an invaluable tool for advance planning of lunar missions."
Cooke denied the terrain might prompt NASA to reconsider the area as a suitable landing site, telling reporters: "I don't think it's less attractive."
NASA lunar programme scientist Kelly Snook agreed, insisting: "It really calls on us to rise to the challenge of getting there, rather than having engineering constraints limit us."
That mission planners are still prepared to consider a landing in the area around the Shackleton Crater is because it may contain critical water ice. Cooke stressed: "Having water ice gives us a source of water and gives us a source of hydrogen and oxygen, which can be made into fuel. One of the things we're interested in doing as we explore the Moon and eventually Mars is to learn how to take advantage of the resources that are there to enhance the missions and reduce the amount of resupply and logistics from Earth."
NASA's next close-up view of the lunar surface will be provided by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, slated for a late 2008 launch and which will return images at resolutions to one metre, as well as "temperature maps, ultraviolet images, characterisation of radiation on the Moon and a high resolution 3-D map". This data will give scientists "knowledge of polar illumination conditions, identify potential resources and hazards, and enable safe landing site selection". ®
Bootnote
*NASA explains: "Three times during a six-month period in 2006, scientists targeted the Moon's south polar region using Goldstone's 70-meter radar dish. The antenna, three-quarters the size of a football field, sent a 500-kilowatt strong, 90-minute long radar stream 231,800 miles to the moon.
"The radar bounced off the rough-hewn lunar terrain over an area measuring about 400 miles by 250 miles. Signals were reflected back to two of Goldstone's 34-meter antennas on Earth. The roundtrip time, from the antenna to the Moon and back, was about two-and-a-half seconds."
In light of President Donald Trump's Wednesday announcement that transgender Americans will be banned from serving in the military, Austin's mayor had a message: Kicked out? Come to Austin.
In the first of a series of three tweets, Mayor Steve Adler said, "If you're qualified to keep our country safe you're qualified to keep Austin safe. Transgender Americans are welcome on our police force." Adler continued, tweeting that Austin is the "safest big city in Texas" due to its respect for people's differences. They also tweeted out a link to the application website for Austin Police Department: "If you get kicked out of the service because you're transgender, please apply to join our police force."
If you're qualified to keep our country safe you're qualified to keep Austin safe. Transgender Americans are welcome on our police force. 1/
— Mayor Adler (@MayorAdler) July 26, 2017
Austin is the safest big city in Texas partly because we know our differences make us a stronger community. 2/
— Mayor Adler (@MayorAdler) July 26, 2017
If you get kicked out of the service because you're transgender, please apply to join our police force. https://t.co/QoO4xWmYk9 3/
— Mayor Adler (@MayorAdler) July 26, 2017]]
How to criticize The Games without sounding stupid
We're right in the middle of the phase that precedes most global sports mega-events: apocalyptic predictions and violent rejection. This usually gives way to a second phase, when the television show actually begins, everything goes mostly fine (fingers crossed here in Rio), and attention shifts to the sports. This first phase occurs in part because mainstream English-language reporters cast their eyes on places like South Africa, Russia, or Brazil, and find them unpleasantly strange and foreign, sometimes even poor. A bunch of journalists get there and find there's not much else to do but repeatedly ask, “Wow, is this going to be a disaster?” But it also occurs because we know there are some real problems in the ways that these events are put on. Not only are many recent complaints overstated, they're pointed in the wrong direction. Here's a helpful guide to help you complain correctly:
First, avoid reproducing the basic, sensational, or anti-Brazil gripes. There are a great number of ways that Rio is a mess right now. But that's not the same as saying the event itself, mostly vacuum-sealed far away from the city, will be a disaster, or that Rio shouldn't have been given the thing. The reality may be closer to the opposite. Rio, a city quite capable of putting on big sporting and tourist events (see: the World Cup final in 2014, every Carnaval every year since forever) maybe could have chosen to skip this one.
Brazil can be criticized for broken Olympic promises, and the IOC can be criticized for its mode of operation, but to complain that Rio de Janeiro has problems in general — crime, poverty, disease, some logistical breakdowns — is tantamount to insisting the games should never happen in developing countries. One could make the argument that the Olympics don't need to move around, or that they should only happen in the world's best-run, the safest countries, but that would go against whatever the official Olympic spirit is supposed to be these days.
Brazil is not a rich country, but it's not poor either. It's a very large country, roughly in the middle of world wealth rankings. But Brazil is also going through an unforeseen, once-in-a-generation catastrophic political and economic crisis. How will this affect the tourists!? Who fucking cares, say many Brazilians, very understandably. Brazil is not China or Russia, it is not a sports rival, and it is not a geopolitical enemy, it's a nice, democratic country down on its luck right now, and journalists or tourists coming from the world's richest countries are not fighting Latin American corruption by complaining about bad service or their hotels. Some things are just crappy here, that's because life on Earth is crap in general, ugh, chill.
Here are some more bad complaints to avoid offering at your next dinner party:
“Everyone will get Zika”
Probably not. Zika is a challenge for global health authorities and has been linked to a tragic microcephaly outbreak, mostly far away in Brazil's Northeastern states, but it's not really a problem for Winter in Rio. A recent Yale study estimated that out of half a million visitors to the Rio Olympics, only eighty will become infected with Zika.
“Everyone will get sick at the beaches”
The Guanabara Bay, where sailing will be held, is really dirty, yes. But the open ocean water, which hits beaches like Copacabana and Ipanema, is a different entity. The beaches absolutely should be cleaner, but if you read this widely cited New York Times story, you'll see that the IOC claims Copacabana water meets WHO standards. The waters vary, and local authorities note in bulletins when certain beaches become dirty and unsafe, but I went swimming this morning in Copacabana, like I do almost every morning in Rio. I wouldn't swim in the Bay, though. Just remember, the Bay is not the ocean.
“Brazil is the worst at…”
Brazil is not “the worst place in the world to be gay.” Not by a long shot. In practice, there are serious problems, but many LGBTQ rights are ensured by the state. There will be a famous trans model marching in the opening ceremony, and the government just opened a “Museum of Sexual Diversity” in front of my house in São Paulo. Let's keep things in perspective. And despite what your Rio taxi driver tells you — and they will tell try to tell you this — Brazil is not even close to the most corrupt country on Earth (the really corrupt ones don't have massive investigations that imprison major political and economic figures).
Brazil has free speech, liberal values and big aspirations, so you hear a lot about the problems. Inequality is brutally high, and the country is held back from its enormous potential by a semi-feudal elite, and so the population protests loudly, knowing things really should be much better. This is good. Their complaints don't mean Brazil is actually bad, globally speaking.
But there are lots of great reasons to complain about the Olympics, and they have little to do with tourists, athletes, the press, or the TV show and its crews. Here are some fantastic complaints you can use to wow your guests or co-workers.
“Brazil is a great country, but it's really bad luck the Olympics are happening right in the middle of its devastating political and economic crisis.”
This is one is gold, but you might want to read up on the crises in case they press you for details.
“The IOC loves to insist on social and environmental promises during the bid process, but then there's no mechanism to make sure they're ever kept. In the final moments, everything gets thrown at sports.”
Critics have rightly pointed to failures to clean up the water and air or fully deliver long-term infrastructure improvements to the population. But much of this is par for the course during modern Olympics. Jules Boykoff, author of the excellent Power Games — a Political History of the Olympics, said in an email:
During the crucial bidding process, environmental and social promises have the side benefit of stoking hope from the local population and inflating public-opinion support for the Games. The problem is that when it comes to crunch time, many of these green promises are cast aside in favor of more immediate needs like simply finishing venue construction and ramping up security for athletes and tourists. And there's close to zero accountability. The IOC jets off to the next Olympic venue, and the local population is left holding a bucket of husks.
“This is the first time since the fall of its dictatorship that Brazil has a government whose democratic legitimacy can be questioned. It will be interesting to see whether interim President Temer uses the Games to cement their hold on power, or whether some of the large numbers of Brazilians who believe they are suffering a coup or want them out use the spotlight for protest. I hope the media reports the complexity of the issue.”
I hope so too. So far, at least, we're seeing that this mess is keeping some foreign leaders away.
“The modern Olympics almost always end up costing much more than promised.”
Easy one. For extra points, add: “They could have spent the money on healthcare, education, and infrastructure. That's what protesters actually asked for in 2013–2014 but now Brazilians are facing austerity. Brazil got enough branding done during the World Cup.”
“Poor communities were displaced to create the Olympic structures, and problems at the Olympic Village were inevitable when they subsequently handed off land and responsibility to private construction companies.”
I know I've been whining a lot here, but this video is actually fine.
“They really should have cleaned up Guanabara Bay.”
Yep, this one won't win you points for originality, but it's legit. However, it's not even close to the worst problem Rio faces. It's a big media problem because it's an Olympic Problem. No one really seems to really care that there is a war going on again in North Rio, or that there are other diseases worse than Zika. It's been dirty for decades, and the government has been promising to clean it for decades. In 2009, when Rio won the Olympiad, Brazil was booming and hubristically thought doing two giant mega sports events in two years would be a good idea. Now Rio is so broke the state governor declared a state of emergency. If I were in charge I might half-ass my Olympic commitments too.
So let the Games begin! It could really be fine. One final sobering thought, however, is that if someone wanted to use the Olympic spotlight to spread terror, there wouldn't be much to stop them. A group of ten people recently arrested around the country under suspicion of forming a terror cell put it this way, according to the Minister of Justice:
“In their communications they always said that Brazil was not part of the coalition opposing Islamic State so no action could be been justified…But at a certain point they decided that the arrival of foreigners could make Brazil a legitimate target.”
But again, the Olympics would then be a problem for Brazil, not the other way around.
Vincent Bevins lives in Brazil and on Twitter.
In the first instalment of a regular column, Nick Miller picks out the star performers from this weekend's Championship games and they begin with Doncaster Rovers' Ross Turnbull who is enjoying themselves after finally stepping out of Petr Cech's shadow at Chelsea...
"Just after the break, Ince provided what turned out to be Blackpool's winning goal , whipping a free kick into the box for midfielder Neal Bishop to turn into the net. They also somehow managed to kick a ball into their own face while doing keepy-uppies before a corner, but nobody's perfect.
Goalkeeper: Ross Turnbull (Doncaster)
Freed from the prison of the Chelsea bench this summer, Turnbull might have thought they could have attracted a club a little higher up the footballing food chain than Doncaster. However, they were excellent in keeping a clean sheet against Huddersfield on Saturday, who had the best of the 0-0 draw, taking 14 shots of which Turnbull saved six.
Full-backs: Kieron Trippier (Burnley) and Chris Cohen (Nottingham Forest)
Two of the most underrated players in the division, possibly due to their rather unglamorous positions, it's a surprise that no Premier League club appears to have registered a serious interest in either man. Particularly Trippier, who provided a constant attacking threat from right-back in Burnley's derby draw with Blackburn, while Cohen (actually a midfielder by trade) was again magnificent as Forest beat Barnsley 3-2.
Centre-backs: Liam Moore (Leicester) and Matthew Upson (Brighton)
After the free-spending transfer windows of years past, Leicester were notably more parsimonious this summer, recruiting only two players on free transfers. That gives a chance to youngsters like Moore, who was terrific at the heart of their defence next to skipper Wes Morgan against Wigan, and capped their performance by opening the scoring, courtesy of a very accommodating visiting defence. At the other end of the experience scale, Upson provided a calming and assured presence in the Brighton defence as they kept out Reading.
Midfield: Craig Bryson (Derby), Joey Barton (QPR) and Keith Andrews (Brighton)
Sure, it was 'only' against Millwall, who have yet to win a game this season and have lost all three at home, but if scoring a hat-trick is impressive in itself, scoring one from midfield is quite incredible. And what goals - Bryson's first two were thunderbolts from 20-plus yards, and the third followed a slicing run down the right flank, cutting in to round off the treble. And all in a rather 'spicy' atmosphere too, in which Derby right-back Adam Smith was substituted for their own safety after Millwall fans showered them with missiles, and another invaded the pitch to take a swing at Rams boss Nigel Clough.
It's probably fair to say that a) Joey Barton isn't shy of being the centre of attention and b) wasn't planning on playing in the Championship this season. However, to their credit Barton appears to be knuckling down, and whether or not that's simply in order to secure a move away from QPR in January is frankly neither here nor there - all Harry Redknapp and Rangers fans should care about is that he's playing well, something they continued against Birmingham. Starting alongside young Tom Carroll in midfield, Barton orchestrated things for the home side, passing and probing and providing the delivery from which Charlie Austin eventually smuggled in the winning goal.
Completing the midfield is the unglamorous water-carrier, the oft-derided Keith Andrews, who once came to symbolise the depressing mediocrity of Blackburn during their descent into farce under Steve Kean. Andrews is, of course, a perfectly competent and unfussy midfielder, a job they carried out with admirable efficiency against Reading.
Forwards: David McGoldrick (Ipswich), Lewis Grabban (Bournemouth) and Tom Ince (Blackpool)
If ever there was a poster boy for the benefits of a change of scenery, McGoldrick is the man. A clearly talented but largely frustrating presence at Forest, where they were in and out of the team for three seasons, McGoldrick flourished firstly on loan at Coventry, and now at Ipswich, for whom they bagged twice against Middlesbrough on Saturday. "He's a proper player and we're lucky that we've got him," said Town boss Mick McCarthy after their 3-1 win.
McGoldrick is [7.4] to be top-scorer in the Championship this season
Another striker in fine form is Lewis Grabban, who found the net for the fifth time in six games for Bournemouth against Blackpool. While their team went down 2-1 despite playing against ten men for half an hour, Grabban led the line well and drew the Cherries level with a neat finish in the first half.
Rounding off the forward line is Ince, who was actually pretty quiet for the first 30-odd minutes of their return to the Blackpool side after a spell out with a groin injury, but once the cobwebs had been brushed off they made their presence known by shimmying past a couple of baffled defenders before thwacking a shot against the post. Just after the break, Ince provided what turned out to be Blackpool's winning goal, whipping a free kick into the box for midfielder Neal Bishop to turn into the net. They also somehow managed to kick a ball into their own face while doing keepy-uppies before a corner, but nobody's perfect.
Blackpool are [3.5] to finish in the top six, and [7.0] to win promotion
Blogging is one of those terms that can seem daunting or misleading. You probably have a number of reasons to explain why you (or your company) doesn't have a blog. You may think that you have to blog everyday and there's no way you can match that schedule. Or maybe you think that blogging is only for stay-at-home moms to talk about their latest recipes. Whatever your conceptions are, you need to be blogging!
Now, there are obviously multiple facets to your marketing strategy and by no means should your entire strategy revolve around a blog. But a blog should be a key part of your strategy.
Yet you're not blogging. Why? It's probably for one or more of the following reasons.
You Don't See the Value
Let's look quickly at the benefits a blog has to your business:
A blog is a great way to generate new traffic as well as recurring traffic to your website
It's a great way to tell your company story
It's a great way to teach your audience about your products or industry
You can develop your industry authority
You can easily grow your email list
You can learn a lot!
By creating regular, fresh content, your audience will have a regular reason to visit your website. By sharing this content on social media platforms and via email, you will be also illicit new visitors as well. Once people are on your website, they will look around at other sections. Your blog becomes your company's online journal – full of your history, growth, stories, and information. When someone wants to know more about your company, beyond just your flashy website, this is where they want to go. Once people start to follow your blog and they realize that you are an industry source, you become their go-to resource and an authority they can trust. And when people enjoy your blog and want to read more, they'll sign up via email – giving you access to their email addresses and other information for future email marketing strategies. It's also worth mentioning that as you write more blogs, you do more research and pay more attention to industry news, thereby further educating yourself as well!
We can also look at some statistics that mathematically validate the benefits of having a blog:
57% of companies with a blog have acquired a customer from their blog (
with a blog have acquired a customer from their blog ( Hubspot
88% of businesses report that their company blog is “critical” to their business (Hubspot)
report that their company blog is “critical” to their business (Hubspot) Businesses with websites that have 401-1000 web pages get six times more leads than those with 51-100 pages (Hubspot)
than those with 51-100 pages (Hubspot) 77% of Internet users read blogs (The West Program)
read blogs (The West Program) Blogs can increase your website traffic by up to 1000% when implemented properly
I really don't think I need to say much more. Who wouldn't want all of the above benefits? And if all it takes is writing some new content to get all of those benefits, why aren't you doing it?
Don't Like Writing
Maybe you understand the value mentioned above but you just straight-up don't like writing. This is entirely possible – a lot of people don't like writing. But, do you have an opinion? Do you talk to people about your thoughts? Do you talk about industry trends or information? Obviously you do. So why not take those thoughts and conversations and put them in a blog?
Blogging is not “writing” like you may think. Heck, go back and read some more of my blogs here, I rarely write in proper English format. I write more like I talk. Sentences are sometimes short, sometimes long. Sometimes I'm happy, sometimes I'm venting (yet professionally of course). The point is that blogging is a reflection of you. So write the way you speak and think, and it will come out better than you thought.
If this still doesn't work for you, and you still can't bring yourself to write, find someone else to do it for you. Maybe you have an employee who loves to write and would do your blog for you. Or you can (although not highly recommended) outsource your blogging to a reputable source. Whatever your challenge, find a way to get you or someone else writes!
And if the thought of having someone else write for you sounds worse than a trip to the dentist to have a tooth pulled, then do a video blog instead of writing one. The world of video sharing is growing exponentially and having videos or podcasts are just as beneficial (if not more so). You don't need a whole studio to record a video blog, just some simple equipment.
Don't Know What to Say
This is always a common excuse but I don't believe it. If you're passionate about your company or your industry, you will always have something to say. And if you're running a little dry on this content, find other ways to create new blog content. Consider the following options:
Create How-To lists
Write about current news or events related to your industry
Answer a question asked by a customer
Showcase your company history
Feature a successful job
Thank one or more customers
Provide tips that will help your customers succeed
Celebrate milestones
These and other tricks can help you to get the creative juices flowing and find something worthy of blogging about.
I also recommend keeping a journal of blog ideas. This can be a list at your desk, but I prefer a note on my smartphone because my phone is always with me. You'd be surprised when ideas pop into my head! But I just jot them down on my list and save them for later. That way, on the days that I'm running low on motivation or content, I can just flip to that list and find something valuable to write about.
If you use these techniques, you will rarely run out of things to write about.
Too Busy With Other Things
I'm going to be blunt and just say this: Bull S@*t!! You are NOT too busy. You just don't want to make the time to blog. You know how I know? Because I work a full time job (often more than 40 hours a week), have a family and personal life, and I still manage to produce at least 3 blogs a week. And, yes, I do sleep!
If this is your excuse, it's not really the excuse. It's because of one of the other three things listed above. If you really understand the value of a blog, you will make time to write it. You will set a calendared schedule and adhere to it. You (or someone you trust) will create valuable content to be shared with your audience.
Here's the thing: you don't have to blog every day. You don't even have to blog every week. Find a schedule that works for you and your company. It can be once a month or once every two weeks. But whatever it is, you had better stick to it! Few things are worse in your online marketing strategy than an irregular blog.
If blogging is a priority, you will make it fit. If it's not a priority, you will constantly say you are “too busy” with other things. So make it a priority!
It's time to step back and look at your overall marketing and business goals. No matter what you business plan is, a regular blog on your website can add value by helping you to reach your goal faster and more effectively. If you're not blogging, it's time to start. If you've been blogging irregularly, it's time to adhere to a schedule. Then share these blogs across all your social media platforms. The traffic will come. The sales will come.
Do you know someone who could benefit from this information? Then share it!
Advertisements
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Geordie goalkeeper Fraser Forster is heading back to England in a bid to save their international career.
The former Newcastle United player helped Celtic win the Scottish Cup on Sunday, to complete a domestic double, and picked up their fourth winners' medal in three years with the Glasgow club.
Forster, a Wallsend Boys' Club graduate, has always said they wanted to return to their native North East.
And has never hidden from the fact they remain an avid fan of Newcastle, who pocketed £2m for the 25-year-old when they agreed a permanent deal with Celtic last summer, despite having never played a first-team game for their boyhood club.
The giant 6ft 7in stopper, originally from Hexham, forced their way into Roy Hodgson's England set-up last season, but has been left out of the squad for the upcoming games against Brazil and the Republic of Ireland.
And it looks as though they would jump at the chance of a move to the Premier League if the chance arises.
Forster said: “It's a tough one. Celtic have been fantastic for me and this season couldn't have gone much better, both personally and as a team.
“But it's disappointing not to be in this England squad.
“I've got to be looking towards the World Cup next year and trying to be on that plane. So I'll just have to do whatever is necessary to make that squad.
“I've got quite a while left on my contract here, and if we can get through the Champions League qualifiers – which will be tough – to get in the group stage again would be something special. We'll just have to wait and see.
“I didn't get an explanation as to why I was left out this time although I haven't spoken to anyone at England. It's just one of those things.
“We haven't got that long off in the summer anyway, so you just have to take the positives out of it. I'll get a good rest and come back next season raring to go. My plan is to go away and get some sunshine and relax. It's been a very long season.
“Was it a body-blow not to be in the squad? Well, yes. That's where you want to be.
“Having had a taste of being in an England squad before and after Christmas, that's what you're aiming for. Once you've been in, you want to be in every time.
“It's a World Cup year and World Cups in Brazil don't come around very often. That would be something special.
“I'll just have to do whatever I can to force my way on to that plane.”
Forster moved away from Newcastle because they wanted to play first-team football.
They have excelled up north, not only on the domestic scene, but also in the Champions League.
This is why a number of clubs, including Everton, have scouted the keeper in recent months.
Forster signed for Newcastle in 2006, but never thought they would break through to the first team, which is why they ended up in Scotland.
They admitted: “It's been brilliant at Celtic. It's been a very long season but we've done well on all fronts. We wrapped the league up early doors and had this final to look forward to, so it's nice to get the job done.
“The exposure from the Champions League this season helped a lot of us. That's where you've got to test yourself against the best players in the world.
“We'll want to do well next year, but we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.”
Forster will never give up on their dream of representing the Toon, no matter where their career takes him.
They said: “I'm a Newcastle fan and I've got unfinished business there. It was a wrench to leave because it's my hometown club. But it wasn't meant to be.”
#RemoteWorkingProblems: How many do you suffer from?
Lucia Fontaina-Powell Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 23, 2017
Work remotely? Then you might relate to some of these problems…
1. Developing strange eating habits because no one is there to judge you.
2. Wearing bedding as clothing because no one is there to judge you.​
3. Realising you speak to your pets more than people and social activity might be healthy.
4. Going to work in a café and instantly judging everyone around you.
5. When the the café imposes a one-hour WiFi limit.
6. But you've already ordered dangerous amounts of caffeine so they'll let you sit there.
7. When it's just you, another remote worker, and one plug socket.
8. When your boss calls you, but you don't realise it's a video conference.
9. When people think that because you have a remote job, you basically don't have a job.
10. But in reality, your work/life balance is kinda skewed.
Sound familiar? You're not alone.
I've been working remotely for almost a year now with my job at Quuu, and I absolutely love it! But it doesn't come without its pitfalls.
That's why we've decided to team up with fellow SaaS startup and distributed team, MeetEdgar, for our monthly Twitter chat.
On Tuesday 29th August, we'll be discussing ‘How to stay productive and motivated as a remote team' over at @quuu_c0 from 6–7pm BST (that's 10am PST/1pm EST for you US-based folk). Think of it like group therapy for remote workers — our Qchats are a great opportunity to network with likeminded people, share common pain points, and hopefully find some solutions.
To join, all you need to do is log onto your own Twitter account at the designated hour and keep an eye on the Qchat hashtag (if you're not sure how Twitter chats work, check out our last one here).
In the meantime, what are your biggest #RemoteWorkingProblems? Extra points if you can respond via GIF ;-)
David Lyons rips their muscles over and over, lacerating tissue and tearing fiber. Beads of sweat pool at their temples and dribble down their chin. They grate their teeth. They grunt and continues to wreak havoc on their body.
Lyons works out for about an hour a day, at least five days a week — each repetition with the weights shredding their muscles. It's a natural process called hypertrophy, and Lyons uses it to bulk up. The 55-year-old Los Angeles resident is preparing for a bodybuilding competition in December. These contests of physique attract musclemen from across the U.S. who are looking for fame and prizes. For Lyons, the motivation is internal.
Lyons was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at 47 after numbness in their limbs prompted them to see a doctor. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic condition that affects more than 2 million people worldwide. The disease destroys the outer coating of nerves, like melting away the plastic covering on a power cord.
Without this protective layer, nerves can't communicate with the brain. Because of the disconnect, people with MS often experience debilitating fatigue, cognitive lapses, numbness, balance problems, and chronic pain. These symptoms make training for a bodybuilding competition grueling both physically and mentally.
Lyons winces and does another repetition, defying the ache, the fatigue, and the numbness. The bodybuilding challenge is their way of proving that they can overcome their MS-related limitations.
“I stopped focusing on the pain. I stopped focusing on the fact that my leg was dragging and that I had to strap my arms onto the weights so that I wouldn't drop them,” Lyons said.
“You have to take your mind off of the disease,” they added. “I'm doing something to overcome this.”
Battling MS at the Gym
This isn't Lyons' first time training for a bodybuilding competition. In 2009, they competed in the Florida State Bodybuilding Championship and won a prize for most inspirational bodybuilder. Today, Lyons has corporate sponsors and fans, but back when they first announced that they wanted to body build as an MS patient, their fitness trainer, Darren Barnes, didn't know if it was possible.
“People with MS don't do bodybuilding,” Barnes said. “His doctors warned them against it, and they told them they were going to end up in a wheelchair.”
But Lyons isn't the type to sit still, even when fatigue and pain are added to the equation. Training with Lyons is like working out with the Energizer Bunny. They just won't quit. Their wife, Kendra Lyons, a registered nurse in the Los Angeles area, said their dedication to staying fit borders on religious.
“He's the most disciplined person I've ever met,” Lyons said.
“We just went through an episode where they aren't feeling good. They don't like to admit it and talk about it,” they added. “The way they battle it is they get up and goes to the gym no matter what.”
Building Muscle and Self-Confidence
Building muscle is a counterintuitive process — in order to bulk up, Lyons has to break themselves down. When Lyons works out at the gym, they literally rip their muscles. The damaged muscles trigger an immune system response, which comes in to remove the broken material and tells nearby muscle cells to start promoting development. The new muscle grows back stronger and more resilient.
“All we do in the gym is break our muscles down — we're trying to rebuild stronger,” Barnes said.
Despite their fortitude and resilience at the gym, Lyons hasn't always been so self-assured. When they were first diagnosed, the former boxer and martial artist broke down — but they didn't rebuild. Suffering from mood swings and depression, Lyons went through a divorce and began living alone. The disease attacked their body full force, and they went from 190 pounds of muscle to about 160 pounds of “mush” in just a year and a half.
“When people are diagnosed with a disease like this,” Lyons said, “they face the mirror, and they ask, ‘Why me?' and ‘Why do I have to deal with this?'”
“There were doubts,” they added. “There were questions and the ‘Why?' and ‘God, if you're really with me why would this happen to me?'”
Lyons isn't alone. Mood swings are common for people with MS, and it's a difficult symptom to add to the list. Depression, like muscle building, tears you down.
When muscles are torn during exercise, they start sending out “inhibitory neural feedback,” signals that tell the brain to stop movement. Neural feedback is important because it prevents muscles from overextending themselves to the point of injury. As the body adjusts to intense exercise, the feedback response slows, and bodybuilders are able to work out harder and longer.
Stop exercising for an extended period of time, and the process reverses. Muscles weaken and tell the brain they're ready to quit after just a short period of time. Workouts are just as mental as they are physical, Barnes said.
Rebuild Stronger
In the end, Lyons made a conscious decision that “he wasn't willing to accept the MS breaking them down without being able to rebuild stronger,” Barnes added.
The rebuild brought along some changes. Lyons got help from friends. They remarried. They wrote a book, and they went to the gym almost every day. They credit bodybuilding with saving their lives. Now he's sponsoring a Multiple Sclerosis Fitness Challenge that provides personalized workouts for homebound multiple sclerosis patients in Los Angeles area.
“I would see patients a little worse off than Dave who would never enter the gym because they would wobble,” Kendra Lyons said. “We want to inspire others to get out.”
Just Do Something
All that exercise has paid off. Lyons is ripped. Look at the cover of their book, and their muscles seem to pop out of the frame. But it's not enough. In just a few months, Lyons will be back on stage for another bodybuilding competition.
Lyons continues to pump iron, and the veins in their neck stand out, making a road map that explores the side of their face.
For Lyons, the workouts aren't really about the size of their muscles, and they're not about awards. Bodybuilding is a chance to show other multiple sclerosis patients that nothing is impossible. Anyone can turn a breakdown into a rebuild.
“Sometimes things don't work out perfectly in my life, and many times there are trials that you look at and don't think you can overcome,” Lyons said. “All I tell people with MS is to do something — it doesn't have to be bodybuilding.”
“You could try to get on a stationary bike, you could lift up little weights,” they said. “Move your bodies because you need to move. You've got to do something to fight it.”
Story highlights The term was coined by White House chief strategist Steve Bannon
The process began with Trump's staffing decisions
(CNN) Donald Trump's budget proposal was a statement of intent. And their actions this week were a down payment.
The warning to Americans from the government is clear: your national defense will be well-funded and your security will be a priority, but for benefits beyond the most basic services, don't count on me. It's a kind of break-up note to taxpayers. Uncle Sam can still be your friend, sure, but that's it. Nothing more.
In Washington, the vogue term is the "deconstruction of the administrative state." That was coined by White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who used it during a rare public chat at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland last month.
JUST WATCHED The world according to Steve Bannon Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The world according to Steve Bannon 02:17
The process, they explained, began with Trump's first presidential hires.
"If you look at these Cabinet appointees, they were selected for a reason and that is the deconstruction, the way the progressive left runs, is if they can't get it passed, they're just gonna put in some sort of regulation in -- in an agency," Bannon said. "That's all gonna be deconstructed and I think that that's why this regulatory thing is so important."
Read More
Image caption Mr Diamond disclosed the tax data after being questioned by the Treasury Select Committee
Barclays has revealed it paid £113m in corporation tax to the UK in 2009, 2.4% of its £4.6bn global annual profit.
Labour MP Chuka Umunna, of the Treasury Select Committee, who requested the detail, described it as "shocking".
Barclays said the amount of corporation tax it paid for the year included losses for the previous year.
The UK tax authorities' relatively low take also reflects the global nature of the British bank, with the bulk of its profits coming from outside the UK.
The £4.6bn pre-tax profit announced by Barclays for 2009 does not include the £6.3bn windfall gain from its sale of its "iShares" business Barclays Global Investors in April of that year.
Mr Umunna said revelation showed that the bank was not paying its fair share towards a deficit they had helped create, despite having benefited from the government's rescue of the financial system.
Although Barclays was not directly rescued by the UK government - unlike Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland - it has been able to borrow extremely cheaply because of the Bank of England's decision to slash interest rates, and because markets perceived that the government would not allow any big bank to fail.
Analysis Barclays has a legal responsibility to its owner - its shareholders - to keep costs including tax to a minimum. At the same time the Barclays boss themselves said that paying tax was one of a bank's key obligations to society. Many members of that society will not be pleased to learn that only £113m in corporation tax was paid whilst the bonus pool amounted to £3.4bn.
The bank announced pre-tax profits of £6.1bn for 2010 earlier this week.
UK vs rest of world
According to Barclays' financial results, the bank paid an "effective tax rate" on its gross profits - which comprises corporation tax paid in all parts of the globe - of 25% in 2010 and 23% in 2009.
This compares with the UK corporate tax rate of 28%.
Some 60% of Barclays profits are earned outside the UK and Ireland, meaning they are subject to corporation tax in other countries.
Typically, HMRC will only charge the difference between the UK's tax rate - if higher - and the local tax already incurred.
However, new tax rules proposed by the coalition government would mean that the UK's banks and other multinational companies would not be asked to pay this tax difference in the future.
"Barclays is a large international banking group with operations in 50 countries worldwide, all of which are subject to close governance and clear disclosure," said the bank in response to the MP's claims.
"The corporate tax affairs of an organisation with the global footprint of Barclays are complex and not reducible to simplistic comparisons.
"Any link between Barclays Group profits and the amount of tax paid to the UK government is inappropriate - there is no direct correlation between the two."
Payroll tax
Mr Umunna had questioned Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond about the bank's profits at a Treasury Select Committee last month.
The bank boss had said the bank paid £2bn in taxes to the Revenue - but this included income tax and national insurance contributions paid on employees' salaries.
The total amount paid in corporation tax - which is calculated on the bank's profits - was revealed in response to a follow-up written request from the committee.
According to Lord Sassoon, commercial secretary to the Treasury, the Revenue would expect large banking groups to pay around £20bn in 2010-11.
Of this, 80% would come from from pay-as-you-earn income tax and National Insurance Contributions, and only 20% from corporation tax.
Even so, the level Barclays paid is actually remarkably low, according to Justin Urquhart-Stewart of Seven Investment Management.
The £113m in corporation tax is only 6% of the £2bn total paid to the Revenue.
"But you only have to look at what's happened in the past few years and what levels of perfectly legitimate write-offs banks are able to set off against profits," they added.
'Uncomfortable truth'
Mr Umunna said the relatively low share of tax paid in the UK reflects the government's failure to take the robust action needed to make sure that the banks which caused the crash pay their fair share.
"When they appeared before the Treasury Select Committee, Bob Diamond agreed that the payment of tax is one of banks' key obligations to society," they noted.
"Given that Barclays has benefited from both an implicit taxpayer guarantee and the measures taken to save the banking system in 2008, this raises serious questions as to whether the government is ensuring banks like Barclays are paying a fair contribution to the deficit they helped create."
Tory MP Matt Hancock said that Mr Umunna "has uncovered the uncomfortable truth that under the Labour Government of Ed Balls and Ed Miliband the banks did not pay their fair share".
"As a result of negotiations by this Government, banks will pay less in bonuses, more in tax and lend more than they otherwise would have done this year," they added.
According to an agreement with the big four UK banks - dubbed "Project Merlin" - they will contribute £10bn in tax, up from £8bn last year, they said.
Wireshark is a network protocol analyzer that can provide granular visibility on traffic traversing your network. It runs on a wide variety of operating systems and can be used it to view live traffic or capture traffic to a file for offline analysis.
Virtually all known network protocols are supported, including IPsec, ISAKMP, Kerberos, SNMPv3, SSL/TLS, WEP, and WPA/WPA2.
WordPress, on the other hand, is the most popular content management system in the world, with a significant percentage of its installed base still being administered over HTTP.
In this article, we'll be using Wireshark to sniff and extract WordPress login credentials leaving the local computer. The application we'll actually use to capture traffic is named Tshark, a command line implementation of Wireshark. We'll then use Wireshark itself for the analysis.
Prerequisites
You'll need to have the following to complete this tutorial:
A WordPress installation that you have login (administrative) access to, and that you're currently logged into.
Preferably running Linux on your local computer, because this article was written on one. Other operating systems may be used, but then you'll have to provide guidance on how to use Wireshark/Tshark on it yourself.
If you have all that in place, start by installing the tools you need to get the job done.
Step 1 – Installing Wireshark and Tshark
On Ubuntu 16.04 or Linux Mint 18.2, the version of Wireshark installable from the repository is 2.26, while the latest stable edition is 2.4.2. So to install and run the very latest and greatest, we'll have to install it from the project's Personal Package Archive (PPA). To add the PPA to your system, type the following command:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:wireshark-dev/stable
Then update the package database:
sudo apt update
Finally, install Wireshark and Tshark.
sudo apt install wireshark tshark
Apart from installing Wireshark and Tshark, that also creates a wireshark group on the system. So that you're able to run both in unprivileged mode, add your account to the the new group using this next command. $USER will evaluate to your username:
sudo usermod -aG wireshark $USER
You'll then need to log out, then log back in for that to take effect. After logging back in, verify that you're in the wireshark group by typing the following command. The output should include the desired group.
groups
With that, we're now ready to learn how to use Tshark and Wireshark to capture and analyze WordPress login-related traffic.
Step 2 – Sniffing WordPress credentials on the network using Tshark
In this step we'll use Tshark to capture traffic that we wish to analyze. The command that gets that done is:
tshark -i enp2s0 -f 'host 111.111.111.111 and not ssh' -w wp-cap.pcap
i : Defines the capture interface, which should be the interface over which your computer is connected to the Internet. You can determine the name of your system's capture interface in the output of the ip ad sh command.
: Defines the capture interface, which should be the interface over which your computer is connected to the Internet. You can determine the name of your system's capture interface in the output of the command. f : This is used to specify the filter expression. In the above command, the expression says, look at traffic going to and from the host with the specified IP address. And that IP address belongs to the target WordPress domain. The and not ssh part of the expression is only necessary if you're connected to the server with the specified IP address at the same time that you're trying to capture HTTP traffic to it. If not, you may remove that part, so it reads just host 111.111.111.111 .
: This is used to specify the filter expression. In the above command, the expression says, look at traffic going to and from the host with the specified IP address. And that IP address belongs to the target WordPress domain. The part of the expression is only necessary if you're connected to the server with the specified IP address at the same time that you're trying to capture HTTP traffic to it. If not, you may remove that part, so it reads just . w: This specifies where to write the captured traffic to. The file format is pcap.
After the command has been executed, the following will be displayed on your terminal as Tshark is doing its job. The number represents the frame or packet count, and it will keep incrementing as more packets are captured.
Capturing on 'enp2s0' 639
Until you generate some activity on your WordPress admin dashboard, the number will be low and stable. To kickstart activity, log out and then log back into your WordPress admin dashboard. The frame or packet count shold take a huge leap. Watch until the number has stopped incrementing or incrementing very slowly, then kill the session by pressing CTRL + C.
The data saved in the file is now ready for analysis.
Step 3 – Using Wireshark to analyze captured traffic data
Beginning the process of analyzing traffic data captured using Tshark is as easy as typing the following command:
wireshark -r wp-cap.pcap
-r: Used to pass the file containing the captured data to Wireshark, effectively telling Wireshark to read the specified file.
With that command, Wireshark should open. The figure below shows the part of its interface you should see. The top panel shows the captured frames, the one below that shows meta data about each frame, and the last one shows real info. The search filed is for find frame containing specific information.
Since we're only interested in WordPress login credentials, type frames contains login into the search field, then press ENTER. One of the results should be an HTTP POST request for the WordPress login form. The info column should have /wp-login.php in it. Click on that frame, then scroll close to the bottom of the last panel until you see the text log=admin&pwd=. The text after log= is the WordPress admin username, and that after pwd= is the password. Special characters in the password will be shown using their Unicode characters, but alphabets and numbers will be shown as you typed them in.
So that's how you can extract the login credentials of a WordPress administrator from traffic captured using Wireshark/Tshark. But that's not all you can extract. Session cookies are just as easy to extract.
Followig the same process as above, type frame contains cookieinto the search field and press ENTER. Click on any frame for an HTTP GET request, then scroll the lower panel until you see references to COOKIE : PHPSESS... The session ID for that frame should follow, as shown in the next image.
The risks posed by the username and password of an online resource falling into the wrong hands are obvious to everybody, but less well understood by the vast majority of users is that posed by session cookies, which can be used by those with the proper knowledge to carry out attacks known as session or cookie hijackings.
Conclusion
This article has shown you how to install Wireshark and Tshark and use them to capture, extract and analyze traffic for a WordPress admin session. The risk of somebody doing that to your WordPress session when you're managing your WordPress-powered site at home over a wired connection is low, but increases substantially over a wireless connection in a public setting.
The point is, try to migrate your WordPress or any other website to HTTPS, especially now that free digital certificates are available courtesy of the folks at Lets Encrypt.
Warning this is a highly confronting video
At 11 miles out we saw a visible sheen on top of the water, heavy streaking was evident at about mile 15.
Mile 26 we began to see solid oil on top of the water.
With a heavy sheen and numerous streaks at mile 34.
Mile 87, Ground zero. My first view of the sight was one of tremendous impact. I'll never forget the scene.
These are not small boats, while standing at a dock looking at them they look like large ships. They're dwarfed in comparison to what I see on the horizon : Nothing but a red mass of floating goo. That could have been prevented and should have been prevented.
I was horrified when I looked and saw how many boats there were on the horizon that didn't seem to be doing anything at all that was effective. Going around in circles, small boats, with Booms on the back of 'em, sent out to gather up oil in what looked like teacups compared to the horizon. We counted 30 boats in the pictures. All floating around while this stuff was headed for shore. No-body seemed to be able to do anything about it.
For the first time in my Environmental career I found myself using the word hopeless.
We can't stop this.
There's no way to prevent this from hitting our shorelines.
The best I think we can do is minimize the impact. Learn from our mistakes.
We have to have fuel, we have to have gasoline. The price we're paying now is far too expensive.
Safety measures that could have prevented this were not in place. It's time for our government to step up to the plate.
And take responsibility for what's happening on the shores of our country.
Several Waterkeeper programs along the coast have already been impacted and many more are expecting landfall. Along with other environmental groups up and down the coast it should be mentioned that this is not only an environmental disaster, but a social disaster as well.
Fisherman out of work, Oyster shuckers, no work. People working the docks. All up and down the coast people are cancelling reservations. Fishing boats are not going out. The economic impact to this event will be incredible and be felt for decades to come. No one knows if the fishing will ever recover.
No one knows if the Gulf will ever heal from this.
One thing for certain. We must learn from the mistakes that have been made here.
This cannot happen again.
The Gulf appears to be bleeding.
will we ever be able to stem the tide?
Will we ever be able to put a stop to this?
Will the Gulf ever heal?
As far as you can see on the horizon now, there are these mats of this reddish pink sheen. It was easy to find our way back to shore. All we had to do was follow the red. There was a perfect line of it leading from the rig towards the shore line. Here right off Ship Island and Horn Island, we found sheen behind the islands and in the sound.
Preparation had been made, but will it be enough? Dolphin Island in Alabama, we saw sheen coming ashore at the far end of the island. That was on May the 7th. On May the 8th, they found Tar Balls.
http://bpoilslick.blogspot.com
http://www.waterkeeper.org
==========================================================================
10 days ago I wrote a diary on this spill, calling on BP to release any video or photos of the leak at the bottom of the ocean of the leaking pipe and well.
Gulf Gusher - Where are the photos?
My reasoning behind this was that the initial estimates which BP had released, 1,000 barrels per day were off by a factor of 5 and they had not revised them upwards. In fact they had argued against this.
But they would know how much oil is coming from the gusher, they have plenty of robots scouting around down there and experts who calculate flow rates. It's a difficult job, but people are paid good money to do it.
Since that original estimate the media has not received an official update from BP. It has stayed at 210,000 gallons per day, 5,000 barrels. And piping which has uncontrolled fluid, sand and rock flowing through it erodes away.
And they have video :
CNN reports about lack of video
The other two excuses from BP the report mentions is that the video hasn't been released because it's a matter of priorities, and that the people fixing the leak are busy and they don't want to bother them with releasing a video.
Plus there are sites such as SkyTruth who have estimated the flows are five times worse than this at 26,500 barrels.
We estimate this well is leaking at a rate of 1.1 million gallons (26,500 barrels) per day.
We have also found out that
the rig workers who were told they couldn't call their families until they'd signed forms stating I was not injured as a result of the incident or evacuation, to the fishermen whose contracts for the "Vessels of Opportunity" jobs included a waiver of their right to sue, all touched by the spill meet the lawyers first.
BP tries to get Louisiana fishermen to sign indemnification waivers
Fishermen in Louisiana, whose livelihoods are on the line after the catastrophic BP oil spill, are desperate for cash. According to this report, hundreds appear to have been tricked into signing documents swearing that they will "hold harmless and indemnify ... release, waive and forever discharge the BP Exploration and Production, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, regular employees, and independent contractors ... from all claims and damages" arising from helping to clean up the mess BP made.
That
Transocean: Received $401 Million Insurance Recoveries So Far
And that the booming being deployed is good for a photo op, but probably not much else :
Fishgrease: DKos Booming School
An important diary which shows that the booming operation appears to be just for show.
There is a control and containment operation going on here, but appears it has little to do with protecting the people, the fishing grounds, the marine life, the tourist industry, the oyster shuckers and truck drivers, the respiratory systems of Gulf Coast kids as the oil evaporates. The containment and control operation is mostly a legal, media, political and financial liability one.
The reason I asked for those photos, is not because I wanted BP to feel uncomfortable but so that everyone could see for themselves what they were up against.... and prepare.
For from the outset my fear was not that this would be something akin to the response during Katrina, but something different than that.
My fear was that the response required here was one which needed to match that seen on 9/11.
Through these CYA (cover your ass) activities, the false impressions created including the spraying of the exiting oil with dispersants to sink it just below the surface :
Dispersants suspend oil in the top 3 feet of the water column. That's where 80% of marine life lives as babies. But you can't see it there from a satellite or a helicopter.
That what we are seeing on the surface of the slick is like what we'd see of an iceberg. With most of the slick, maybe 80% + below the surface and the dispersants used to sink the rest.
Except this time it is an oilberg.
Had these organizations told the truth from the outset, been completely honest in their dealings with the public, my bet is Americans would have seen through the ordinary media spin and recognized this for the dire threat which has been created. That at the very least they would have had the opportunity to respond accordingly.
The very worst thing they have done by containing and controlling the media fall out by not being completely transparent, will be that they took away that choice from Americans. These companies made the decision on how Americans would react for them, by controlling the perception of how bad this actually was.
And for that, I would think they probably will not forgive.
==========================================================================
SkyTruth have a site where people can upload information and keep track of the impact this gusher is having on the American shore line.
Please tell people you know in the area about this site as from where I stand, trusting what you are seeing coming from the normal spin machine, the MSM, has to be taken with a grain of salt.
Gulf Oil Spill Tracker
Homophobic attitudes may say a lot about the person who holds them, new research suggests.
A new study of university students in Italy revealed that people who have strongly negative views of gay people also have higher levels of psychoticism and inappropriate coping mechanisms than those who are accepting of homosexuality.
This doesn't mean that homophobic people are psychotic; rather, psychoticism is a personality trait marked by hostility, anger and aggression toward others. But the study does suggest that people who cling to homophobic views have some psychological issues, said lead researcher Emmanuele Jannini, an endocrinologist and medical sexologist at the University of Rome Tor Vergata.
"The study is opening a new research avenue, where the real disease to study is homophobia," Jannini told Live Science. [7 Thoughts That Are Bad for You]
The psychology of homophobia
Earlier research has found homophobia to be a complex subject, with some studies suggesting that people with visceral negative reactions to gays and lesbians often harbor same-sex desires themselves. Other studies, though, contest that idea, and suggest that homophobic people are truly averse to same-sex attraction. Other factors — such as religiosity, sensitivity to disgust, hypermasculinity and misogyny — seem to play a role in anti-gay beliefs, Jannini and their colleagues wrote in an article published Sept. 8 in The Journal of Sexual Medicine.
But no one had ever looked at the mental health or psychopathology of homophobic people. In the new study, the researchers asked 551 Italian university students, ranging in age from 18 to 30, to fill out questionnaires on their levels of homophobia as well as their psychopathology, including levels of depression, anxiety and psychoticism. The homophobia scale required participants to rate how strongly they agreed or disagreed (on a 5-point scale) with 25 statements, such as: Gay people make me nervous; I think homosexual people should not work with children; I tease and make jokes about gay people; and It does not matter to me whether my friends are gay or straight.
The students also answered questions about their attachment style, which categorizes how people approach relationships. The "healthy" attachment style is known as secure attachment, in which people feel comfortable getting close to others and having others get close to them. People who are insecurely attached, on the other hand, might avoid intimacy, become too clingy or desire closeness but feel uncomfortable trusting others.
Finally, the students answered questions about their coping strategies — defense mechanisms people use when they face unpleasant or scary situations. Defense mechanisms can be healthy ("mature") or unhealthy ("immature"). A mature defense, for example, might include regulating one's emotions and not depending on others for validation. Immature defense mechanisms might include impulsive actions, passive aggression or denial of a problem.
Homophobia and anger
Overall, the better the mental health of the person (based on the responses to the questionnaire), the less likely they or they were to be homophobic, the researchers found. People with "fearful-avoidant" attachment styles, who tend to feel uncomfortable in close relationships with others, were significantly more homophobic than those who were secure with close relationships. The researchers also found that people with higher levels of immature defense mechanisms were more homophobic than those with mature defense mechanisms.
High levels of hostility and anger, measured as psychoticism, were also linked to homophobia, the researchers found.
But other mental health issues had the opposite association: Depression and neurotic defense mechanisms (like hypochondria or repression) were both linked with lower levels of homophobia.
The findings position homophobia as a trait more often seen in dysfunctional personalities, but personality isn't the whole story. Homophobia is a "culture-induced disease," Jannini said, so personality traits probably interplay with factors like religion and conservative values. The researchers are currently expanding the study to students in Albania, Jannini said. They're also studying how the fear of not being "man enough" might influence homophobic attitudes.
Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science.
Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Kolkata Police have responded to the viral MeToo hashtag calling out women to talk about sexual harassment or assault and urged residents of the West Bengal capital to not be “afraid and to report to the police every time” they face any threat.
The police department has shared a post on Facebook, saying they were “perturbed” by the number of women who shared their stories of sexual abuse and reiterated “our pledge and commitment by saying that we hear every single one of you”.
“We are here to take your complaints every time you want to report a case of sexual harassment. So walk into our police stations whenever you want to report sexual harassment, and our officers are there to hear your experiences with patience and kindness and take your complaints,” the department said in the Facebook post.
“We urge you to be strong, we want you to be very, very angry about the leering, jeering, threats, verbal and physical abuses, we are asking you to be not afraid and to report to the police every time.”
Millions of women shared their stories of sexual abuse after Hollywood actor Alyssa Milano made a simple request on Twitter on Sunday asking them to reply to them using the hashtag MeToo to talk about the “magnitude of the problem”. And in no time, their simple tweet turned into a global campaign.
It wasn't only women but men also came forward to share their stories and acknowledge that sexual harassment is a serious issue among all genders.
“We also feel it important to talk to boys about the need to stop sexual harassment, and for this, we have recently launched a project, Dear Boys, in schools. We have visited ten schools of Kolkata, and the second part of Dear Boys will start mid-November,” the force also said in the post shared by over 1230 people.
Facebook users appreciated the initiative but some pointed out that the police should not look into sexual harassment cases as a problem faced by only one gender.
“sir/madam from kp, I request you to kindly hear me out. we girls are very much harrased and abused in all aspects of our life, which is very unfortunate. but still, we are fortunate enough that the society acknowledges this problem. but there are lakhs of male people who are also abused everyday. there is no law to protect them, even the society does not acknowledge this problem. I request you to kindly look after this aspect too,[sic] “ Bratati Datta commented on the post.
Dutta's comment, one of the 209, was supported by many as they asked Kolkata Police to include boys and men as well while addressing the issue of sexual harassment.
Here are some of the reactions:
First Published: Oct 18, 2017 14:59 IST
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/police-batons-like-tasers-are-only-non-lethal-when-used-to-kill-mundanes/
“My message to my troops is if you see anybody carrying a gun on the streets of Milwaukee, we'll put them on the ground, take the gun away, and then decide whether you have a right to carry it,” promised Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn several years ago after Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen issued a statement recognizing that residents of the state have a right to carry firearms openly.
One of Chief Flynn's “troops” shot and killed a man yesterday (April 30) after beating the victim with a baton for refusing a pat-down. The victim, who appears to have been homeless, was already on the ground when the emissary of the Milwaukee PD arrived. Bear in mind that Flynn's department is among the most corrupt and abusive in the country, and that other “troops” under Flynn's command have conducted “pat-down” searches that escalated to strip-searches and digital invasions of intimate anatomy by the officers. Any resident of Milwaukee who encounters a cop has a rational fear of sexual assault, which makes resisting a pat-down an act of reasonable self-defense.
When the victim of yesterday's shooting refused to be battered by the armed stranger, the assailant withdrew a baton called an “asp” – which is regarded as a “non-lethal” impact weapon when wielded by a member of the state's punitive priesthood – and began to beat the homeless man. In describing this act of unwarranted violence, Flynn said that their subordinate was “defending himself.”
The impudent Mundane, not understanding that they have an unqualified obligation to accept whatever violence their uniformed overseer chooses to inflict on him, confiscated the weapon and used it to ward of the attacker. The officer pulled their gun and “fired several shots at the individual, striking them numerous times and ultimately causing their death,” Flynn recounted. The Chief engaged in a tortured circumlocution in order to avoid using the phrase, “The officer killed the man.”
Like tasers, police batons are imbued with curious properties that make them “non-lethal” instruments when used by cops to electrocute or beat a helpless person to death – but that transform them into “lethal weapons” when they wind up in the unconsecrated hands of Mundanes.
11:18 am on May 1, 2014
The Best of William Norman Grigg
SamMobile
Samsung may soon introduce its first smartwatch, known as the Galaxy Gear, should a recent trademark filing prove accurate.
A newly discovered filing from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) confirms Samsung's intention to produce smart wearable technology. Listed as a Samsung Galaxy Gear, the trademark's description is rather vague and open-ended.
Here's an excerpt from the filing:
Wearable digital electronic devices in the form of a wristwatch, wristband, or bangle are capable of providing access to the Internet and sending and receiving phone calls, electronic mail, and messages.
Based off the renderings, the display appears to offer touch controls. Other smartphone functions are also present, including power, Micro-USB, and a speaker.
Also of note, the patent and accompanying images hint at a bendable screen, something to which Samsung is no stranger. Samsung has demonstrated on multiple occasions (also here) that a flexible display is coming to its products sooner or later.
It is unclear if the Galaxy Gear will be Android-powered or if it will operate using a different, even simpler, OS. One outside possibility is that the device pairs with smartphones of all operating systems via Bluetooth and provides notifications at the wrist.
On the other hand, it makes perfect sense for the ambitious electronics giant to form a watch with Android at its core.
The Galaxy branding suggests that, as with the Galaxy Muse music accessory before, the Gear could work exclusively with Galaxy smartphones and tablets. I'd expect, at a minimum, a fuller watch experience with health and fitness-related features, like the Jawbone UP or Nike FuelBand.
Samsung confirmed plans to release a smartwatch back in March, but didn't disclose availability or hardware details. "We've been preparing the watch product for so long," Lee Young Hee, executive vice president of Samsung's mobile business, said in an interview with Bloomberg. "We are working very hard to get ready for it. We are preparing products for the future, and the watch is definitely one of them."
Samsung's next official product announcement will come on September 4, where the company is expected to reveal the Galaxy Note 3 phablet in Berlin. The "Unpacked" event could also yield other Samsung goodies as well.
The District of Squamish says a geotechnical engineering assessment has been done and a search is under way after a rock slide on the Stawamus Chief this morning.
It has not yet released details of the engineer's early report. There have been no reports of damage or injuries.
Squamish resident Kirsten Andrews posted video of the slide in progress, complete with sound, to their Facebook page.
Andrews — a mother of two girls — told CBC News that they were sitting at their kitchen table having lunch when they heard the beginning of the slide.
"It started to sound like there was a bit of rock coming off the Chief, which happens periodically," they said. "This just got louder and louder and the house started to shake. I kept waiting for it to end and it just kept building to this huge crescendo."
They say she's never seen anything like the slide before.
"It felt like the whole side of the mountain was coming down, it was just intense."
Now Andrews says she's praying that no one was around when the slide happened, describing the area as popular with people who enjoy climbing boulders, walking and biking.
They live approximately two kilometres from where the slide occurred and spoke to the CBC's Susan McNamee in detail about them experience.
A provincial emergency program pilot tweeted a picture of the slide site, with the hashtag #busyday
​The slide happened just before noon in the North Walls area of the north peak, near a route called Northern Lights.
Squamish landslide. PEP Air Disaster Assessment. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/busyday?src=hash">#busyday</a> <a href="http://t.co/oyDjmaKEVz">pic.twitter.com/oyDjmaKEVz</a> —@pepairpilot
The Squamish Chief newspaper reported, "the piece of the Stawamus Chief that fell appears to be at least 30 feet wide."
Shortly after the incident, Squamish residents tweeted pictures of a dust cloud rising from the Chief.
Joel Spooner tweeted this picture of the dust cloud from a gravel road close to where the piece fell.
<a href="https://twitter.com/Thuncher">@Thuncher</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/rockslide?src=hash">#rockslide</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/stawamuschief?src=hash">#stawamuschief</a> we were in there as the rock cloud covered the track. <a href="http://t.co/gs04RNltNn">pic.twitter.com/gs04RNltNn</a> —@JoeliPhoto
The District of Squamish says first responders remain on scene.
It says there is no impact to Highway 99. However, Mamquam Forest Service Road has been closed at Highway 99 and at Cherry Drive.
Lego customers may one day be able to make their own bricks and mini-figures using 3-D printers.
The global toy giant is looking hard at ways to adapt to a digital economy in which toymakers are increasingly challenged by online content, mobile apps and video games, reports the Financial Times. The company believes 3-D printing may be the next frontier for customers who want to create customizable Lego figure.
“3-D printing is a fascinating development and certainly opens up a lot of new avenues,” said John Goodwin, Lego's CFO. “We are looking very intently at it and monitoring it, looking at what potential opportunities there are for consumers.”
Lego customers can already create their own customizable figures, and the company has developed web content like the Lego Universe online game in an attempt to hold its own in new markets. While much of the toy market suffered last year, Lego expanded sales and operating profit by 10 percent last year.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Lego's chief marketing officer, Mads Nipper, said of 3-D printing: “It could well be that it might be an exciting opportunity to print your own bricks.”
[FT]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Texas man Jim Braden studied US Navy Seal breathing techniques and snacked on fruit to win competition, sitting through first six episodes plus nine back-to-back viewings of The Force Awakens
A cinemagoer from Texas has been named the ultimate Star Wars champion after sitting through episodes of the space opera saga for 46 hours straight, including nine back-to-back viewings of new instalment The Force Awakens.
Man arrested over threat to shoot friend who revealed Star Wars spoiler Read more
Jim Braden, 40, a content strategist at Austin-based Dell, was one of seven fans who took part in the Alamo Drafthouse cinema chain's Star Wars marathon. In order to succeed, they had to sit through The Phantom Menace (1999), Attack of the Clones (2002) and Revenge of the Sith (2005), followed by Star Wars (1977), The Empire Strikes Back (1980), Return of the Jedi (1983), and finally The Force Awakens on a loop.
“I wanted to demonstrate my passion,” Braden told Variety. “I grew up with Star Wars. As a kid, the simple morality just appealed to me. Everybody likes a white-hat hero they can get behind.”
The filmgoer achieved their remarkable feat by studying US Navy Seal breathing techniques, wearing shorts and a T-shirt to help stay awake in the air-conditioned auditorium, spacing their caffeine intake out in six-hour increments and snacking only on fruit and nuts to ensure they remained hungry. Participants were allowed access to food, drink and toilet breaks but were banned from sleeping, talking, texting and the use of illegal drugs to keep them awake.
Vatican newspaper upset at absence of evil in new Star Wars film Read more
“We put ourselves through hell mentally and physically,” said Braden, who watched the first screening of The Force Awakens with their six-year-old son, Kyle. “Watching it became almost a hallucinatory experience… one other guy complained of having chest pains and dropped out.” They added: “I came out of it saying that I still enjoyed the movie. That's how you know it's good.”
As well as the mantle of Star Wars champ, Braden will receive a seven-year movie pass to Alamo Drafthouse cinemas, a variety of Star Wars merchandise and a cinema seat named in their honour, complete with a naming ceremony.
The Force Awakens continues to rack up record-breaking box office totals after scoring the highest-ever global opening weekend, $528m (£355m). On Monday, JJ Abrams' film notched up the biggest ever Monday at the North American box office, $40.1m.
Order Online
or Call Toll Free
1-(800)-737-0239
DVD $23.95 Alaska Silence & Solitude,
the follow up to
"Alone in the Wilderness",
a visit with Dick 20 years later.
( Click here ) the follow up to"Alone in the Wilderness",a visit with Dick 20 years later. "Thousands have had such dreams,
but Dick Proenneke lived them.
They found a place, built a cabin, and
stayed to become part of the country." Companion book
"One Man's Wilderness" $16.95
Alone in the Wilderness on DVD Click here to view a clip from "Alone in the Wilderness" Dick Proenneke retired at age 50 in 1967 and decided to build their own cabin on the shore of Twin Lakes. The first summer they scouted for the best cabin site, and cut and peeled the logs they would need for their cabin. Dick Proenneke returned the next summer to finish the cabin where they lived for over 30 years. Dick filmed their adventures, and Bob Swerer later turned the film into a video so we can all watch this amazing man build their cabin by hand. DVD price: $23.95 60 minutes Copyright 2003 by Bob Swerer Productions
Alone in the Wilderness Part II on DVD ( New Release ) Click here to view a clip from "Alone in the Wilderness part II" Dick Proenneke's simple, yet profound account of their 30 year adventure in the remote Alaska wilderness continues in this sequel to "Alone in the Wilderness". Watch through their eyes as they continue to document with their 16mm wind-up Bolex camera, capturing their own amazing craftsmanship, the stunning Alaskan wildlife and scenery and even a visit from their brother Ray (Jake). Their epic journey takes you on a vacation away from the hustle and bustle of today's fast-paced society, and is a true breath of fresh air. DVD price: $23.95 60 minutes Copyright 2011 by Bob Swerer Productions
Alaska Silence & Solitude on DVD Click here to view a clip from "Alaska Silence & Solitude" Alaska Silence & Solitude is the follow up to Alone in the Wilderness, filmed 20 years later. Bob Swerer and Bob Swerer Sr. visit Dick Proenneke at their famous cabin on Twin Lakes where the wildlife is still abundant and the scenery is spectacular. DVD price: $23.95 60 minutes Copyright 2004 by Bob Swerer Productions
The Frozen North on DVD Click here to view a clip from "The Frozen North" For more than 30 years a man by the name of Dick Proenneke lived alone in the Alaskan Bush. Their only neighbors were the wolves and grizzly bears and their only transportation was their canoe and a good set of legs. Through the years, Dick kept written journals of daily life at Twin Lakes but would also document much of their adventure on film with their 16 mms Bolex camera. The Frozen North is Dick's own filmed account of their life alone in this "One Man's Wilderness", produced from original footage not included in "Alone in the Wilderness" or "Alaska Silence & Solitude". DVD price: $23.95 60 minutes Copyright 2006 by Bob Swerer Productions
Coffee Table Dick Proenneke Photo Album A coffee table must for any devoted fan of Dick Proenneke. Bob Swerer Productions presents “ALONE IN THE WILDERNESS" the Dick Proenneke photo album. 144 pages of spectacular photographs that showcase the adventurous life of Dick Proenneke living alone in a remote Alaskan Wilderness known as Twin Lakes. Stunning photographs, Scenery, Wildlife and cabin building from Dick Proenneke's extensive personnel collection, many that have never been seen or published before, as well as many images shared by family and friends. A great addition to the collection of the popular “ALONE IN THE WILDERNESS” documentary series as seen on PBS. New! Click here to view and order the Photo Album price: $49.00 144 pages, hardcover Copyright 2018 Bob Swerer Productions
Alone in the Wilderness Hat Click here to see a closeup of the hat Hat price: $23.95 (all proceeds from this item go to "Friends of Dick Proenneke and Lake Clark National Park" for the preservation of Dick's cabin.) Copyright 2016 by Bob Swerer Productions
Dick Proenneke Packages Our Alone DVD and Book Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness on DVD
• One Man's Wilderness Book price: $40.90 Our Alaska 2 DVD Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness DVD
• Alaska Silence & Solitude DVD price: $45.90 Our Alone 2 DVD Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness Part I DVD
• Alone in the Wilderness Part II DVD price: $45.90 Our Alaska 2 DVD and Book Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness Part I DVD
• Alaska Silence & Solitude DVD
• One Man's Wilderness Book price: $62.85 Our Alone 2 DVD and Book Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness Part I DVD
• Alone in the Wilderness Part II DVD
• One Man's Wilderness Book price: $62.85 Our Alone 4 DVD Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness Part I DVD
• Alone in the Wilderness Part II DVD
• Alaska Silence & Solitude DVD
• The Frozen North DVD price: $89.80
( free shipping to US addresses only ) Our Complete Package includes:
• Alone in the Wilderness Part I DVD
• Alone in the Wilderness Part II DVD
• Alaska Silence & Solitude DVD
• The Frozen North DVD
• One Man's Wilderness Book price: $106.75
( free shipping to US addresses only )
Try Our Music on CD Bob Swerer If you like the narrators voice from "Alone in the Wilderness" you will enjoy their smooth singing voice. Click here for CD details and to listen to a few samples Lisa Lynne plays the harp along with George Tortorelli on the flute in "Alone in the Wilderness". If you enjoy their soothing music in "Alone in the Wilderness" you will enjoy their other music as well, and you can find it on their website www.LisaLynne.com.
If you enjoyed our Dick Proenneke products
you may enjoy these Mardy Murie products too!
Click here for more details
about our Arctic Dance and Mardy Murie products about our Arctic Dance and Mardy Murie products Arctic Dance on DVD price: $23.95 Arctic Dance soft-cover book price: $19.95 Two in the Far North paperback price: $15.95 Our Arctic Dance Book Package includes both books, Arctic Dance and Two in the Far North price: $35.90 The Arctic Dance Book + DVD Package includes the Arctic Dance book and the Arctic Dance DVD. price: $41.90 The Complete Arctic Dance Package on DVD includes the Arctic Dance Book, the Arctic Dance DVD and the book Two in the Far North. price: $57.85
Take a look at our Nature Videos too!
Alaska off the Beaten Path on DVD price: $23.95 Ghost of the Forest on DVD price: $23.95 Click here for more details
about our Nature videos about our Nature videos
Either place your order Online or call our Toll Free number to place your order Please call our toll free number, 1-(800) 737-0239, and place your order with one of our friendly staff members.
We accept Visa, Mastercard and Discover credit card payments. This is a secure website and all transactions are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.
New Sydney FC defender Paulo Retre has praised the mateship within the Sky Blues squad as a key factor to success ahead of Tuesday night's Westfield FFA Cup Round of 16 encounter (kick off 7:30pm).
Recently moving from Melbourne City, Retre noted the togetherness of the Sky Blues squad as a determining factor in their switch as they turned their attention to the FFA Cup, eyeing another impressive performance following their resounding Round of 32 victory against Darwin Rovers.
“Everything has been very professional with both clubs, but at the moment I feel like the group here feels really close together,” Retre said.
“I think that's a strong point for when the club has been so successful over the past couple of years.
“That mateship and brotherhood factor makes a big difference and we have that in abundance at Sydney FC. It's really exciting to be a part of it and hopefully that continues all throughout the season.
“The scoreline [in the Round of 32] made it sound like it was an easier game than it was against Darwin, it was still a difficult game,” they continued.
“You have to show up with the right attitude and we're going to take that same approach going into the Bankstown game. Hopefully we put on a good performance.
“You have to treat everyone the same and we'll be doing that tomorrow regardless of whether they're an NPL 2 team or not.”
Photo by @_FCBaller_
Retre said he'd settled in well to life at the Sky Blues as they expressed their shock and Head Coach Graham Arnold's faith in slotting them straight into the starting lineup.
“I'm finding things really good, all the boys have been very welcoming, the coaching staff too, so it's been a very easy transition for me and I'm looking forward to more games,” Retre said.
“I wasn't really expecting to go straight into the starting line up to be honest.
“I just need to bide my time and I'm just trying to do my best when I get called upon, whenever that may be I'm going to do my best for the club.
“I can still do better [than my performances so far], I'm just looking forward to the FFA Cup game now and hopefully we can get the win and progress in the cup.
“I'm just looking to do my best for the team,” they continued.
“Ultimately everyone who joins Sydney FC wants to win things and that's what I want to do, I want to be a part of a club and team who want to win things.”
Sydney FC take on Bankstown Berries in the Westfield FFA Cup Round of 16 on Tuesday night (kick off 7:30pm). Catch the match streamed live on foxsports.com.au or follow @SydneyFC on Twitter for updates.
2017/18 Sydney FC Memberships available NOW. Full Season Memberships available from $270 for Adults and $630 for families, or if you can't commit to all games non-ticketed Memberships from $75! Become a Sky Blue Member today – CLICK HERE
A fan takes a selfie with Jake Paul outside their pop up store in New York City.
“Are you filming me?” I asked ten-year-old Daniel, whose front-facing iPhone camera was clearly trained on my face. “Yeah, of course,” they said. “I'm vlogging.”
Daniel, their dad, and three friends had been standing on a curb on West 37th street in 30-degree weather for several hours waiting to get into a pop up store hosted by internet star Jake Paul and their social media incubator, Team 10. Daniel and their pals were among the lucky ones; they had been able to purchase tickets guaranteeing their entry to the store when it opened on Friday afternoon. Not everyone waiting on the street could say the same. After last minute changes to the location and time of the event, Paul announced late Thursday via Instagram Stories that if you wanted to get in on Friday, you'd have to buy a $10 ticket. Quantities were limited, sold out quickly, and, as a friendly security guard kept shouting into the growing crowd, “NO TICKET! NO ENTRY!” More than a few tears would be shed over Paul before the store closed for the day by fans who couldn't get inside.
A fan on the far right wears a pair of Paul's signature sunglasses, “Yellars.” Photo: Victor Llorente
“I like that they [Paul] has a Lamborghini,” Daniel's friend Sophia, also 10, said. “I like that they name their cars,” seven-year-old Mia added. Each of the four kids was already decked out in Jake Paul gear, included Team 10 hooded sweatshirts and Paul's signature yellow-tinted aviator sunglasses AKA Yellars. I was quickly informed my pronunciation of “Yellars” was wrong; Daniel mentioned something about really needing to lean into the final “r” sound. All four said they are aspiring YouTubers inspired by Paul. Sophia – “I play hockey so I do videos about that” – had the most followers of the group … 30. “I bet I could sell these tickets and make some real money right now,” Daniel's father told the kids. “You absolutely will not,” Daniel told him. “I have to get inside.”
Paul arrives at the Team 10 pop up shop. Photo: Victor Llorente
“Somebody was selling a ticket for $200,” 11-year-old Isabella said. “Even though they're only $10.” A spokesperson for Paul said the funds raised via Friday's ticket sales are going to charity. (Fans were also asked to bring a gift for a toy drive sponsored by the NYPD.) Shop hours on Saturday and Sunday will not be ticketed and people will be let in on a first come, first served basis. (Team 10's pop up store in Los Angeles earlier this December was relocated and ultimately shut down after crowds got out of control.) Of course, this is little consolation to anybody from out of town who lined up on Friday only to be turned away. “Do you think I should try to bribe the security guard,” one mother asked. “Do you think that would work?” It didn't.
Two Jake Paulers show off their tickets into the pop up store on Friday afternoon. Photo: Victor Llorente
Daniel and their group hailed from New York, but Jake Paulers – Paul's fandom's preferred name – from all around the country gathered outside the shop on Friday. Some arrived as early as 9AM on Friday, standing outside completely unaware they needed to pay in advance – by that point the day's 2,000 tickets were already sold out – to get inside. Many skipped school to come to the event. “She's missing a science test for this,” one mother said, pointing at their 12-year-old daughter. “Anything for Jake Paul,” the daughter replied. The rest of the crowd was a mixed bag of “we're playing hooky,” “we had the afternoon off for Superintendent's day,” and, for the Catholic school contingent, “today is the Feast of the Immaculate Conception so no class.”
Two sisters who came from Texas to see Jake Paul. Photo: Victor Llorente
A family of four from Indiana said they made the trek to Manhattan just to see Paul. An aunt treating their two nieces from Texas to a Christmastime trip to the city told me they'd reorganized all their weekend plans around Paul. Fans from Florida. Fans from Illinois. From Pennsylvania, Connecticut, California, and New Jersey. Team 10 has been very clear that there is no guarantee a visit to the shop means you'll see Paul or any other member of their squad, meaning these kids – and the adults who brought them – flocked to West 37th Street mostly to drop some cash on Paul merchandise with only the hope of catching a glimpse of Paul. “I brought $200 with me that I'm going to spend today,” one kid said. Another fan proffered up a $100 bill. Friday's hot ticket item, according to the crowd, was Paul's “cotton candy hoodie” for about $60. It is entirely sold out online.
A family from Indiana who didn't have tickets and couldn't get into Paul's pop up. All three sons are wearing Paul brothers merchandise. Photo: Victor Llorente
I had to stop asking fans how frequently they watch Jake Paul's content. There's only so many times you can have a gaggle of preteens yells “it's everyday, bro” at you before you start to understand just how literally these kids take Paul's catchphrase. They get alerts any time Paul posts something new and they watch it immediately and repeatedly. I also lost count of the number of times I heard “It's Everyday Bro,” Paul's song which charted at spot number 94 on the Hot 100 list last May. Alex, a 12-year-old with diamond studs in both ears, blasted the song from a blue, wireless speaker he'd brought with him. Holding it above their head like a truly terrible 2017 remake of Say Anything, they were quickly joined by several other kids who also knew every single word. Later a young woman named Paris would perform it for me a cappella when asked how big of a Jake Pauler they considered herself. Them mother chimed in with a few lyrics during the chorus.
Alex and their friends rap along to “It's Everyday Bro.” Photo: Victor Llorente
Paul's young fans think their Lambo-driving, prank-pulling hero can do no wrong. Kids told me the Martinez twins, a set of Spanish brothers who recently pulled out of Team 10 after alleging they'd been bullied by Paul, had nothing to complain about. “Jake wasn't actually mean to them.” “They were just using Jake.” “He treated them like brothers.” Paul has since apologized to the Martinez twins. More than a half dozen kids told me they were “inspired” by Paul's relief trip to Texas following Hurricane Harvey. (During the trip, Paul was mobbed by fans in the parking lot of a San Antonio Wal-Mart and emergency services and the fire department had to be called to control the scene.)
“He never gives up. They have a big spirit and no matter if people hate on them they fight back,” Alex, the kid with the speaker, told me. They were likewise unfazed by stunts, like lighting a large fire in their empty swimming pool, which prompted Paul's neighbors to complain to the city until the influencer moved out. “He's Jake Paul … they can do that stuff.” “He's just a savage,” another fan said. “He's savage!” I asked what “savage” meant to them. “It means you're cool.” “More than cool.” “You're like crazy and lit all the time.”
Aidan wanted Paul to sign their book. They said he'd only read the first 27 pages so far. Photo: Victor Llorente
Jake Paul makes an appearance outside the Team 10 pop up shop. Photo: Victor Llorente
About half an hour before the shop opened, Paul emerged to greet the crowd. Even if you couldn't see them stepping outside the sound would have clued you in instantly. Screaming. Cheering. Chanting. Audible crying. A wall of phones and tablets were suddenly raised skyward for pictures and videos. Paul took selfies and signed everything fans shoved at them before getting into an SUV and driving away. The whole thing couldn't have lasted more than 20 minutes. If you were close enough to grab a picture, you might have noticed Paul has the number “10” shaved into the back of their head. It was for a vlog, New York teens Marissa and Olivia explained. They also shaved “LIB” – short for the ubiquitous internet phrase “Link In Bio” – into another member of Team 10's head, the girls said. “It was a prank.” Marisa and Olivia said they were hopeful Paul might make a reappearance, “maybe like in a different outfit,” before the store closed Friday night.
Jake Paul poses for photos outside the Team 10 store. Photo: Victor Llorente
The girls were in luck. Paul came back later in the evening, along with some other members of Team 10. (A spokesperson for Paul said they'll be staggering meet and greets on a rotating schedule all weekend to keep things from getting “too crazy.”) But if you had tickets for a time slot between Paul's visits or didn't stick around on the blind faith that Paul would return, there's a good chance you missed them entirely. And while many of the kids present were content with a selfie or a Sharpie scribble on their shirt, their parents and chaperones were generally less thrilled. “Are you going to talk to Jake,” one father asked. “Tell them Maggie's dad thinks he's a weasel [for not staying the whole time].”
Another dad proclaimed Paul both “an idiot” and a “marketing genius.” “My son, Max, is Jake's number one fan and I think it's really messed up that last minute they're doing this ticket thing and I think that's wrong,” another mother, who wasn't able to get into the pop up with their son, complained. Max wants to be a YouTuber and, taking off a Jake Paul mask so I could actually hear him, said their parents are getting them camera with a microphone so they can start filming videos. Max is nine.
Max's mom said their 9-year-old is “Jake Paul's biggest fan.” The family was not able to get tickets. Photo: Victor Llorente
While maybe not so much as their diss track-chanting kids, these parents are Jake Paulers in their own right, mostly because many of them pre-watch Paul's content, or watch it with their kids, to make sure it's appropriate. “My mom has to watch the things we watch before we're allowed to so they have to watch Jake Paul too,” Isabella said. “My son is crazy about Jake Paul. Paul is honestly one of the only YouTubers my son watched that I can actually stand,” Rhiannon, a mother waiting with their son, told me. “The cursing is a little over the top, but honestly it's nothing probably more than my son hears from me.”
A fan named Kerrigan sporting a “SQUAD” hat to keep warm while waiting to get into the shop. Photo: Victor Llorente
Rhiannon said she'd already spent “easily $500” on Paul merchandise for their son. “Every time something new comes out they get it.” Other parents echoed similar, if not higher, tallies. “At least $1,000 between both my daughters,” said one mother. “I dropped at least $750 on merch,” another said. “Everything they are getting for Christmas is Jake Paul.” A third quoted a $1,500 figure. A quantitative reminder that for all the charms effused by the 20-year-old blonde from Los Angeles, this is very much a business for Paul. And a lucrative one at that. A spokesperson declined to answer how much business Paul and Team 10 were expecting to do during the shop's three day run, but noted the merchandise is entirely exclusive to the NY pop up and that there are over a dozen points of sale within the store.
“Please let me give you my money,” one mother yelled from the corral for people who decided to stick around despite being told they wouldn't be allowed to shop without tickets. “Please.”
You can provide a custom message that will preface the content in the email
You can provide a custom message that will preface the content in the email
Separate email addresses with commas. You may provide up to 30 emails at a time.
Separate email addresses with commas. You may provide up to 30 emails at a time.
One of the most iconic images of American art is coming to the West Coast. James Abbott McNeill Whistler's "Arrangement in Grey and Black No. 1," better known as "Whistler's Mother," an 1871 work in the collections of the Musée d'Orsay in Paris will travel to the Norton Simon Museum in Pasadena, Calif.
In this first-time collaboration between the two museums, a total of six works will be swapped from March 27 to June 22, 2015.
Last month's failed military coup in Turkey raised new discussions about long-standing US deployments of tactical nuclear weapons in the Incirlik Air Base, and continues to spark concern about the security of such arms. Today, a report by the Stimson Center termed the arms to be “at risk” of seizure.
The report cautioned that it is “unanswerable” if the US could have kept control of the weapons if the coup had turned into a protracted civil conflict, at opposed to being resolved in less than half a day, adding that the “significant safeguards” the US has in place can't add up to total certainty.
Report co-author Laicie Heeley concluded that keeping the US nuclear weapons just 70 miles from the Syrian border amounts to “a roll of the dice,” warning they are a liability to NATO in Europe with no potential utility on the European battlefield.
That's been a repeated knock on the deployment, with retired Air Force Gen. Eugene Habiger noting late last month that the tactical nuclear weapons “no longer have any military usefulness.” The low-yield weapons were designed in the 1960s, and very few remain in service anymore, with what's left mostly just scattered around bases in Europe as a throwback to the Cold War.
Tactical nuclear weapons were designed for use on contested battlefields, with low enough yields that they could be deployed in relatively close proximity to allied troops without killing them. The weapons have been roundly criticized both for the long-term radiation damage they could do to targets and for the substantial risk that “going nuclear” would quickly escalate a conflict into a full exchange of strategic nuclear weapons and the deaths of untold millions.
This lack of utility has led nuclear powers to dramatically scale back their tactical arsenals, though as with the rest of the nuclear arsenals on the planet, there is considerable momentum behind keeping such costly weapons funded and “modernized.” Keeping the US arms in Europe and Turkey, for no good reason and at substantial risk, seems aimed primarily at retaining the illusion that such arms matter as anything but a sinkhole for billions in funding to fall into.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
CARB Fact SheetCdc-pdf (February 15, 2018)
Gonococcal Isolate Surveillance Project (GISP) Profiles 2016 (March 2018)
AR Investment Map This interactive tool shows CDC's key investments to combat antibiotic resistance (AR), including resistant gonorrhea, across the nation.
Blog by NCHHSTP Director: What Healthcare Providers Can Do to Slow Gonorrhea's Growing Resistance to First-line Antibiotics
Combating the Threat of Antibiotic-Resistant Gonorrhea (August 1, 2016)
Neisseria gonorrhoeae Antimicrobial Susceptibility Surveillance – The Gonococcal Isolate Surveillance Project, 27 Sites, United States, 2014 MMWR July 14, 2016
2015 STD Treatment Guidelines – Gonococcal Infections (June 4, 2015)
Genomic sequencing of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to respond to the urgent threat of antimicrobial-resistant gonorrhea – an Advanced Molecular Detection (AMD) project (October 22, 2014)
Recommendations for the Laboratory-Based Detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae — 2014
Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the United States 2013 – CDC report outlines core actions to halt drug resistance.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Jan. 24, 2013. Photo by Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
These are dark times for America's most beloved industry, the political media. In three years, the country will elect a new president. As they have since 2009, reporters and readers assume that the Democratic candidate, and likeliest winner, will be Hillary Clinton. Forget about the voters—won't anyone think of the Web traffic? Nobody wants to cover the coronation of an icon who'll be too staffed up and confident to give real access (or leaks) to reporters.
This crisis is the best (maybe only) way of explaining why every slow news day produces another round of 2016 fantasia. Today's game started with Noam Scheiber's look at Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the definitive political read on a woman whom Scheiber's own magazine had previously profiled as a hapless Senate candidate in a “deadlocked” race. Thirteen months after defeating Sen. Scott Brown, Warren was to be viewed as a potential populist president. “When I recently asked a top Clinton campaign operative from 2008 if there's any Democrat who Hillary should fear in 2016,” wrote Scheiber, “he immediately named the Massachusetts senator.” This operative might have been spooked by a similar New York Times story, from six weeks ago, about how Warren had become “the hot ticket” of “the populist left,” and how Bill Clinton was left pathetically defending their record on finance. (“When they pass bills with a veto-proof majority, with a lot of Democrats voting for it, that I couldn't stop, all of a sudden we turn out to be maniacal deregulators.”)
Simply by existing, articles like these make a progressive upset of Hillary Clinton more likely. They alter the odds from zero to zero. Several things can be true—Warren can be outsmarting the financial industry, the Clintons can be worried about a shift in the Democratic Party, Warren might be more likely to run if Clinton does than if Clinton doesn't—without there being any chance of the front-runner losing. Actually, the idea that an insurgency needs to seize a presidency in order to win is sort of retrograde, and it's surprising that the disappointing (for progressives and a whole lot of other people) victory of Barack Obama hasn't cured it.
Race matters. There's no mention of the Democratic Party's ethnic demographics in the New Republic's or the New York Times' Warren pieces. Scheiber reminds us that Obama was able to upset Hillary Clinton: “All it takes is a single issue and a fresh face to bring the bad memories flooding back” among progressives. Both Scheiber and the New York Times' Jonathan Martin mention Bill de Blasio's victory in New York City's Democratic primary for mayor. And you can't explain the Obama or the de Blasio win without black voters.
A refresher: The president beat Clinton in a 50-state primary that they nearly won, by the end, as the salience of the Iraq War faded. Obama trounced Clinton in most of the caucuses, building a delegate margin, but they only stayed competitive because of black voters in Southern primary states. Obama was fading until the South Carolina primary, when an electorate that was mostly black gave them a landslide that polling hadn't predicted. There were 35 primaries to go: Clinton won 21 of them. (That number includes the Florida and Michigan races, which held votes but saw no campaigning due to a party dispute. Still, Clinton won them.) Of the states that went for Obama, only six of them—Illinois, Montana, Oregon, Utah, Vermont, and Wisconsin—gave them the win among white voters.
Scheiber blinks at this. A Democrat tells them that “the typical Democratic insurgent … captivates the latte-liberal demographic but has trouble making additional gains.” Right: Obama's “additional gains” come from nonwhites! Scheiber offers that “New Hampshire, the first primary state, is fertile ground for a Warren-esque message—not many rich people, not many poor—and 80 percent of its residents live in the Boston media market.” True. Also true: The first polling of a possible New Hampshire primary puts Clinton 53 points ahead of Warren.
Clinton is more popular than ever. The typical, facile lead-in to any discussion of possible Clintonian weakness goes like this: Well, in 2008, they were supposed to be “inevitable” and look what happened! True: In 2007-08, at the height of the Iraq surge, the Democrat who had voted for the war and not apologized was eventually defeated. Clinton is no longer that candidate, and polls stronger among Democrats than they ever has.
Stick to the New Hampshire example. In every poll of the 2016 primary, at least 55 percent of primary voters have backed Clinton. Not once did Clinton ever crack 50 percent in any poll of the 2008 primary. In the only poll that was in the field in October 2005 and October 2013, the University of New Hampshire “Granite State poll,” Clinton's new strength is impossible to miss. Eight years ago, the poll found Clinton at 33 percent, 12 points ahead of their closest rival, John Kerry. Last month it put Clinton at 64 percent, 58 points ahead of Warren and just as far ahead of Vice President Joe Biden. Eighty-four percent of Democrats viewed them favorably. Already, almost twice as many Democrats viewed Warren unfavorably (15 percent) as viewed Clinton that way (8 percent).
Are those static numbers? Well, no. They're just worlds better than anything Clinton scored in 2008, in a state they won anyway.
The professional left doesn't know how to win. Scheiber quotes the co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, who says Clinton's support from the financial industry could hurt them and “there's very much a wait-and-see approach to Hillary among progressives.” And the PCCC should know, having co-branded itself with Warren with all the subtlety of a NASCAR driver showing off a new endorsement badge. The PCCC regularly asks supporters to stand with Warren on their new bank regulations; it sent members the senator's response to the last State of the Union under the headline “Elizabeth Warren SOTU Awesomeness.”
The PCCC also endorses progressives against Democratic establishment candidates—and here, it doesn't do so well. In the 2012 House race cycle, the PCCC endorsed against California's Scott Peters, Connecticut's Elizabeth Esty, and Illinois' Brad Schneider. All of those Democrats won their primaries. This year the PCCC tried and failed to draft Montana's former Gov. Brian Schweitzer into a Senate race, then endorsed a candidate for an open seat in Warren's own Massachusetts. The PCCC's candidate came in third place. The winner, Katherine Clark, was endorsed by the pro-female PAC Emily's List.* And Emily's List is now holding events in primary states, letting reporters know that it will repeat its 2008 endorsement if Hillary Clinton runs.
The point isn't just that Hillary Clinton is the Democratic front-runner. No one doubts that; everyone's a little bored by that. The point is that it's risky, weak strategy to make a presidential primary the test kitchen for policy change. Conservatives learned this brutally in 1972 when they urged Ohio Rep. John Ashbrook to run against Richard Nixon. “What I fear is a dissipation of our strength,” wrote William F. Buckley to a friend. They were perceptive: Ashbrook won a wan 9.7 percent of the New Hampshire vote, and Nixon was emboldened to ignore the right.
Over time, conservatives stopped expecting a president to get elected, lead, and solve all their problems. They built a grassroots machine and a litany of policy goals—the activists would speak, and the president would nod along. By 2012, Grover Norquist could tell a national conference that the next Republican president need only come to the job “with enough working digits to handle a pen.” That's where progressives need to get, that un-glamorous and under-covered triumph of movement over party. Maybe, like Ron Paul, they can use a campaign to build the ranks. But if the Obama experience hasn't taught them that a dreamy presidential candidate won't bring about paradise, what will?
Correction, Nov. 12, 2013: This article originally misidentifed Katherine Clark as Elizabeth Clark. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
The poll comes after Bloomberg ordered the demonstrators removed from Zucotti Park. Poll: No to Bloomberg on Occupy
A majority of New York City voters disapprove of the way Mayor Michael Bloomberg handled the Occupy Wall Street protesters.
Fifty-one percent of New Yorkers said they disapprove of Bloomberg's handling of the protests, while 42 percent approved, according to a Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday.
Story Continued Below
The poll comes several weeks after Bloomberg ordered the demonstrators removed from their encampment at Zucotti Park in downtown Manhattan.
Bloomberg, who is still being mentioned as a potential third-party presidential candidate in 2012, has a steady general job approval rating, as New York City voters approve of them 49 percent to 42 percent, virtually unchanged from their rating in October.
“New Yorkers like Mayor Mike personally and they sort of like their policies, but their job approval meanders far below those heady days late in their second term. Voters continue to think that he's lost their focus in this third term,” said Maurice Carroll, director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute.
On the Occupy movement, Republicans approved of Bloomberg's conduct 50 percent to 48 percent, while Democrats disapproved 53 percent to 40 percent. Among independent voters, 51 percent disapproved and 41 percent approved.
Men were more likely to disapprove of the mayor's actions during the protests than women were. Men disapproved of the mayor 55 percent to 40 percent, while women disapproved of the mayor 47 percent to 44 percent.
Meanwhile, the Police Department got a 50 percent to 46 percent approval to disapproval rating for its conduct during those protests.
The poll was conducted Dec. 7-12 with a sample of 1,242 adults and a margin of error of plus or minus 2.8 percentage points.
I got a special invitation to join MadTree in a session ale tasting and hear a special announcement. What follows part 1 of 2, with part 2 coming at a soon but as of yet undetermined time.
I've known that MadTree does these types of things often as a regular course of business, and I've been giving the guys there a hard time about an invitation for years now. Though I was hoping for a barrel aged stout or sour tasting, I'm not going to complain about a session ale tasting. 🙂
Session Ale Tasting
This tasting isn't just six people hanging around drinking beer; I mean… it is, but it's also a lot more. First off the beers are blind. That means one person is assigning a letter or number to each beer, and that same person is pouring them for the other people. So we had no idea which beer we were drinking, just that they were session ales. About a week before we voted on which beers to include, so I knew Founders All Day IPA, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, and Fat Head's Sunshine Daydream would be there along with a session pale ale from MadTree, but I had no idea which was which.
Even then it's not just a group of people hanging around drinking beer blind. We were encouraged to take notes about each beer and received the following tips on tasting the beer.
The bit about swirling the cup counterclockwise may seem dumb and irrelevant, but Brady Duncan, one of the owners of MadTree, pointed out that having a specific thing like going counterclockwise, helps set your brain into the mindset of focusing on tasting the beer.
Having gone through training for, and judging many, BJCP events, I found some interesting comparisons. The biggest of which is that MadTree doesn't focus on appearance or body. I also thought the quicker scoring system was interesting. But when you're picking a favorite out of five beers instead of trying to find the best of ten to thirteen beers and providing critical feedback for someone to improve their homebrewing, you can get away with less info. The biggest difference with MadTree though was that it was purely a “which do you like best” not “which adheres most closely to the style and doesn't present any obvious flaws” that the BJCP uses.
After going through those steps with each sample, we ranked the beers from 1 to 5, best to worst.
The package date for all beers tasted was between 11/18/15 and 1/7/16, though, as I've shown before, this time range may not matter that much.
Results
The voting results and package dates were:
MadTree PSA 12/28/15 All Day IPA 11/18/15 Sunshine Daydream 12/28/15 Zen 1/7/16 Sierra Nevada 11/23/15
My votes went for
Founders All Day IPA Fat Head's Sunshine Daydream MadTree PSA Rhinegeist Zen Sierra Nevada Pale Ale
I didn't take detailed notes on all the beer, but All Day IPA had a strongly citrus forward character that I enjoyed more than the other ones.
MadTree PSA
Yet again, this wasn't just a bunch of people sitting around drinking beer. MadTree invited us all down for a few reasons, one of which was to show how they taste beers, one of which I can't wait to tell you about at that as of yet undetermined time, and the currently most important one of which was to announce the official launch of MadTree PSA!
I knew some session/pale ale was coming from them for many months as they've been rolling through some experimental pale ales. PSA itself has been available in the tap room for at least a month or two.
That's all I can say about that for now, but please sign up for email notifications (on the left sidebar), follow us on Twitter, or Facebook, so you can get notified of when I can finally notify of you of some other, dare I say shocking news that may disturb some people, MadTree news.
Hungary Shuts Off Re-Export Of Natural Gas To Ukraine
Enlarge this image toggle caption Laszlo Balogh/Reuters/Landov Laszlo Balogh/Reuters/Landov
Hungary has "indefinitely" cut off its supply of natural gas to Ukraine, a move that Kiev's state gas firm has described as "unexpected and unexplained."
Russia's ITAR-TASS news agency cites Hungary's gas operator, FGSZ Ltd., saying that the pipeline cutoff "was made to meet the growing domestic demand."
However, The Financial Times notes that the gas was shut off "days after the head of Russia's Gazprom monopoly visited Budapest." FGSZ's move comes three days after Gazprom CEO Alexey Miller met Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban in Budapest.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Peter/Reuters/Landov Thomas Peter/Reuters/Landov
Natural gas from Hungary, Poland and Slovakia has become crucial to Kiev since Gazprom suspended gas supplies to Ukraine in June, months after Moscow's annexation of the Crimea, due to a payment dispute, officials said. The supply disruption is of particular concern because of Ukraine's cold winters and its heavy reliance on natural gas for central heating in homes and buildings.
The FT says: "Poland and Slovakia have reported reductions in their supplies from Russia in recent weeks, apparently aimed at limiting their ability to re-export to Ukraine."
As NPR's Jackie Northam reported in May, Russia has been more than willing to use the "gas lever" as a weapon in its disputes with Kiev.
The BBC says:
Sentai Filmworks announced on Thursday that it has licensed Boku no Kanojo ga Majime Sugiru Shobitch na Ken ( My girlfriend is Shobitch ) — the television anime of Namiru Matsumoto's Boku no Kanojo ga Majime Sugiru Shojo Bitch na Ken ( My Girlfriend is Faithful Virgin Bitch ) manga — for the fall 2017 simulcast season. The anime will stream on Anime Strike in the United States and on select digital outlets in other territories. Sentai Filmworks is also planning a home video release.
The show will premiere on AT-X on October 11 at 24:30 (effectively October 12 at 12:30 a.m.), and will also later air on Tokyo MX, KBS Kyoto, Sun TV, Mie TV Broadcasting, TVQ Kyushu Broadcasting, Gifu Broadcasting, and BS11.
Sentai Filmworks describes the story:
When high school student Haruka Shinozaki confesses their feelings to the beautiful and aloof class representative, Akiho Kosaka, the last thing they expected was for them to say “yes.” Like everything else in their diligent life, Kosaka takes dating quite seriously. In an effort to be a good girlfriend, Kosaka decides to meticulously study (and bluntly suggest) all manner of ways to keep Shinozaki sexually satisfied… in the theoretical sense, that is. This innocently lewd relationship is only just beginning!
Nobuyoshi Nagayama (episode director for Hinako Note, Utano☆Princesama Legend Star) is directing the series at diomedea and Studio Blanc. Hideki Shirane (Date A Live, Queen's Blade: Rebellion, Kill Me Baby) is overseeing the scripts, and Shōko Yasuda (Unlimited Fafnir) is designing the characters for animation. Nippon Columbia is producing the music. Aoi Yūki is performing the opening theme song "Eien Labyrinth" (Eternal Labyrinth). Voice actores Yuki Yagi, Natsumi Yamada, Marin Mizutani, and Miyū Ogura have formed a new unit named pua:re, and they are performing the ending theme "Ai no Himitsu" (The Secret of Love).
An East Harlem student was allegedly held at gunpoint by their 12-year-old classmate who demanded that they give them a McDonald's chicken nugget.
The New York Police Department (NYPD) told ABC 7 that it was the boy's second attempt to get a McNugget from the girl.
Police said the incident unfolded at a McDonald's along Third Avenue and East 103rd Street on Tuesday.
An East Harlem student was allegedly held at gunpoint by their 12-year-old classmate who demanded that they give them a McDonald's chicken nugget. Police said the incident unfolded at a McDonald's (pictured) along Third Avenue and East 103rd Street on Tuesday
When they asked them for a McNugget, they refused and walked away. Police said the boy allegedly followed the girl into the 103rd Street No 6 subway station (file photo). They then preceded to point a gun at the girl's head and asked for a McNugget
When they asked them for a McNugget, they refused and walked away.
Police told ABC that the boy allegedly followed the girl into the 103rd Street No 6 subway station.
They then preceded to point a gun at the girl's head and asked for a McNugget, police said.
The girl, whose age hasn't been revealed, smacked the gun away and told the boy to leave them alone.
Police told the station that the girl was unharmed and boarded the train, where they saw the boy showing another student the gun.
The girl reported the incident to school officials the next day.
Police took the boy into custody and they were arrested as a juvenile for attempted robbery, according to NBC New York.
As of Thursday night, authorities hadn't specified if the child had been released.
A group of Chinese scientists created a cyborg rat that is extremely efficient at solving mazes; outperforming regular rats and, in some cases, even machines in tests.
The robot rat was created by implanting electrodes in its brain and mounting a wireless micro-stimulator on its back. These devices allowed a computer to communicate remotely with the rat, helping it assess the shortest path to take in a maze, avoid dead ends and navigate loops. Rather than remote-controlling the rat, the computer instead provided the rat with hints designed to help it make decisions.
Instead of artificial intelligence, this type of work aims for ”augmented” or “cyborg” intelligence, which brings together the brainpower of animals and the computing power of machines. Eventually, scientists want to study the potential use of combined machine and biological intelligence in scenarios such as search-and-rescue operations, and to replace body parts, creating ”upgraded” humans.
This is a post about my own cognitive dissonance. There is a strange little hole in my knowledge and I believe it is caused by some sort of psychological malfunction. I'll tell you where the hole is, and perhaps you can fill it in for me.
In my experience, which I fully understand to be selective memory, discussions about the existence of God generally go this way…
Atheist: blah, blah, blah
Believer: You can't explain how everything got here without God.
Atheist: You can't explain how God got here.
Believer: God has always existed.
Atheist: Why can't the universe always exist the same way as God?
Believer: I'm double-parked. Gotta run. Great talking to you.
That is literally my memory of perhaps a hundred conversations on this topic over a lifetime. When it gets to that last part, in which an atheist asks why the universe can't always exist the same way we imagine God to always exist, the believer usually realizes there was something they needed to do and excuses himself.
On the Internet, this can take the form of pointing to a link that doesn't answer the question, or changing the topic, or mentioning a book that explains it better, or failing to respond.
But I have no memory in which anyone stayed in the conversation and answered the question. Interestingly, I know that my memory of these situations could be false. Perhaps someone answered the question so convincingly that it rocked my worldview then cognitive dissonance set in and I literally imagined the conversation not happening. Science would say that could have happened.
So let's do an experiment. My hypothesis is that no one will make a serious attempt to answer the question “Why can't the universe always exist the same way as God?”
You may now prove me wrong.
[Update Minutes Later: Mystery solved. The problem IS on my side, in a sense. And by my side, I mean science. I hate it when my side does a shitty job of explaining something and in so doing spreads more ignorance than it resolves. For example, I think science-loving people are guilty of allowing this interpretation of the Big Bang Theory to become popularized:
Big Bang Poorly Explained: Once there was nothing. Then the universe appeared. We don't know why.
That sounds like a causeless explanation. Nature hates a vacuum, so religion fills in the gaps.
But a more accurate description of the Big Bang Theory (the cartoonist version) is more like this.
Big Bang Explained Slightly Better: Our universe appears to be expanding. We don't know why.
The better understanding of the Big Bang is that as far back as we can go, it appears that it was always smaller. At some degree of compactness and smallness we lose the ability to continue measuring or comparing. So what science knows is that shit seems to be getting bigger lately, as in the past 15 billion years or so. That doesn't speak to the question of a beginning.
Correct me if I am wrong on any of that, but it seems to me that we science-loving peeps have sucked at explaining stuff to … let's say … the tourists. Isn't some of the ignorance our fault? If your ideas have holes, you have to expect people to fill them in.
Or to put it another way, perhaps scientists should use the science of psychology and persuasion to get their message across instead of gluing together some facts and spraying them in the general direction of the ignorant. I think this is one of those situations in which it isn't anyone's job to explain science in ways that are scientifically crafted to be convincing. To my ear, half of all the scientific theories that I regard as probably true sound like practical jokes when a non-scientist explains them over a cocktail. Science has a problem in the message department.
——————————————————————————
Scott Adams
Co-founder of CalendarTree.com
Author of this book
Twitter Dilbert: @Dilbert_Daily
Twitter for Scott: @ScottAdamsSays
Washington (CNN) Steve Bannon labeled Arizona GOP Sen. Jeff Flake a "total embarrassment" and said Mitt Romney "hid behind" their Mormon faith to avoid military service in Vietnam during a Tuesday night campaign rally for Alabama Senate hopeful Roy Moore.
A day after Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, had tweeted criticism of Moore's honor and integrity, Bannon said that Moore, a Vietnam veteran, "has more honor and integrity in a pinkie finger than your family has in its whole DNA."
Bannon headlined a Moore campaign rally Tuesday night -- one week from the December 12 special election to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions' former seat -- in Fairhope, Alabama.
It came a day after Trump called Moore and offered their endorsement, despite Moore facing accusations that they pursued sexual relationships with teenage girls -- including a 14-year-old -- while they were in their 30s.
"Mitt, here's how it is, brother: The college deferments, we can debate that -- but you hid behind your religion. You went to France to be a missionary while guys were dying in rice paddies in Vietnam," Bannon said of Romney. "You had five sons, not one day of service in Afghanistan and Iraq. ... Where were the Romneys during those wars?"
Read More
The state's liveliest highway is one you'd probably never guess.
But with an airport, a brewery, Bayway, the state's two greatest bridges, a nuclear power plant, a seaport and a dinosaur along the way, Route 9 is soulful and cinematic in a way that 22, 206 and certainly not 78 or 80 could ever be.
Stops and starts aside, no other highway reveals the state better than 9, which slides seamlessly from urban to suburban, small town and country as it slowly but surely heads south.
This is no expressway to your motoring heart; because of the constant lights and traffic, your speedometer will not regularly poke above 50.
Route 9 in Jersey starts, with big brother U.S. Route 1, at the George Washington Bridge, making a slow lazy loop through Fort Lee, Palisades Park and Ridgefield, noodling through North Bergen and Jersey City, taking flight as the incomparable Pulaski Skyway (with truck route 1 and 9 below).
Then, it becomes a NASCAR-worthy straightaway past Newark Liberty International Airport and the Budweiser plant until it veers right into the Elizabeth-to-Rahway corridor, a gritty yet thriving stretch of diners, bars, tattoo parlors, pizzerias, gas stations and motels.
Like the Benedict Motel in Linden, which offers "Destination Rooms," and they're not kidding. The "Japan" room features sliding doors; the Thahiti (their spelling) Room, a thatched-roof bed. My favorite: the Igloo Room, with snowshoes on the walls, a polar bear-like rug above the bed and plate-holding penguin figurines on the side.
Who says you can't stay in style on Route 9?
Finally, in front of Woodbridge Center, 9 sheds its big brother and heads off on its own, speed-dialing through a land of strip malls, motels and diners, psychics, weight loss centers and professional offices. There are big-box stores, to be sure, but the southern half of 9 is a grab bag of commerce, camp and kooky names: Male Ego Barber Spa. Your Bag Lady. ShowerMan. The Pet Asylum. Billy Bob's Car Wash. Peace Token Bait & Tackle. Lite-Em Up Cigars.
A sign in Waretown advertises income tax help, hypnosis and massage.
Hopefully, not all at the same time.
Within short driving distance of one other in Howell are the golden-domed magnificence of the St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and the faded Moon Motel sign, the most splendid piece of roadside kitsch in the state.
In Ocean County, the retro-spaceship-like Forked River Diner, enough garages to take care of every car in the state, white-shingled country churches and one Wunder Wiener.
Actually, it's Der Wunder Wiener, Jerry LaCrosse's hot dog hut on 9 southbound in Beachwood. One thing you never have to worry about is parking. The 8-by-14 building sits in front of an abandoned shopping center.
"You know what makes 9 good?" says LaCrosse, who opened the business in 1984. "They don't have center dividers down here. You can make a left-hand turn into a business."
"This isn't like 1 and 9 in Newark," says customer Bill Polidore, a former Westfield resident who now lives in Barnegat. "People ride bikes on this road, they walk on this road."
The WPA Guide to 1930s New Jersey laid out a nearly mile-by-mile itinerary of Route 9's 139-mile journey from Woodbridge to Cape May with its typical mix of blunt candor and Chamber of Commerce cheer.
"The Arthur Kill is now so polluted by oil and sewage that even gulls avoid it," the guide says at one point.
Later, of Toms River: "An attractive fishing community ... widely known for its excellent clam chowder, always served with ship's biscuit."
For those road-tripping in their Model As and Hupmobiles, the WPA Guide made note of such local flavor as the claypits in South Amboy; Lanoka Harbor, originally called Good Luck; and Barnegat Pete. "Waretown's most publicized resident" was a tame deer "known to and claimed by every schoolchild for miles." Pete wore a red and white blanket and "enjoyed automobile riding," although, one would hope, not on their own.
There's no mention of the Bayville Dinosaur in the guide, but the fiberglass beast still stands watch over the highway. The dinosaur, built in the 1930s and said to have been an attraction at the 1964 New York World's Fair, is anchored in front of a vacant building. If you ever wanted to rent a storefront with dinosaur attached, now's the time.
The state's most honest highway piggybacks onto the Garden State Parkway at several points, including the spectacular leap across Great Egg Harbor Bay. The Beesley's Point bridge, which carried Route 9 over the bay, has been closed since 2004 and is scheduled to be torn down.
A moment of silence, then, for that bridge and other long-gone Route 9 landmarks -- the Green Street circle; Poor Billy's; Clare and Coby's; and the Amboy Cinemas multiplex, among others.
The Rio Grande Cemetery, with its Western movie-like name and sweeping gateway, is still with us, even if it is squeezed between a Walmart and a Lowe's in that Cape May County community. You can almost imagine gunfighters buried here -- if you close your eyes and shut your ears to the clatter of shopping carts.
The highway ends, somewhat abruptly, at the Cape May-Lewes Ferry in North Cape May. At its end, Route 9 is known as Lincoln Boulevard and Sandman Boulevard, but this highway never puts you to sleep.
From the GW to the Edison Bridge to the quiet little beach at journey's end -- that's Route 9. Busy, bumpy, bouncy -- the road may be past its prime, but this is one hip highway.
Beautiful?
Not really.
Boring?
Not ever.
There's more on Route 9 than most give credit. The road most traveled is often the road least seen, or appreciated.
Every Sunday (sometimes Saturday), my wife and I head down to the farmers' market in Hillcrest — a neighborhood in San Diego northwest of Balboa Park (one of my favorite places in the world) where a rainbow flag waves at the corner of University Avenue and Normal Street — or in Little Italy — a section of downtown that was once the Italian fisherman's neighborhood. These neighborhoods are some of my favorite places to visit in San Diego because of their restaurants and general vibrancy, but my wife and I also consider their farmers' markets two of the best we've ever been to in Southern California, even though we love the L.A. markets, too.
(My brother in law always tells a funny story of seeing Lauren Conrad pretending to shop at the farmers' market in LA for the paparazzi. They said their assistant was holding the bags from the farmers to show they were shopping organic, and as soon as the cameras started snapping, they took the bags out of their assistants hands and started to pretend that they were holding them.)
Honestly, my wife and I really enjoy our weekend trips to either Little Italy or Hillcrest. It's become a routine for us. We walk in Balboa Park, and then we head to grab food for the week. Before we leave, we grab the reusable bags from underneath the counter, and we drive over to the Hillcrest Market, park a couple blocks away near our favorite breakfast place The Great Maple, and start walking down the the center of the white tents as if we were walking through a bazaar in Game of Thrones.
There really is something about the farmers' markets that just gets you. I'm not sure if it's the fresh air, or listening to the desperate food hockers who start yelling to sway you away from the other vendors. (I always go to the people who aren't yelling at me to try their food.) That strange and exciting tone could also be due to the fact that the vendors all give you free food. Shit, by the time my wife and I go home to cook breakfast (usually a scramble made with some fresh eggs and mushrooms) we're already full. We filled up on the free samples of the vegan hummus, or the organic guacamole, or the dates from the old red-headed lady who never talks to you just sits in front of their plate of fresh dates, which are precisely sliced, set with toothpicks, and arranged in a perfect circle as if their fruit was just too good not to be eaten (I love that lady, and their dates), or the granola from the grannie who sells their bars with more genuine spunk than Goldie Hawn's character in Wildcats. (Literally, the other day they told me they would sell me a granola bar any time, any place — even before the market opens or anytime I catch them on the street.)
But even though I love the characters at the farmers' market, and their delicious pierogis, gourmet local peanut butter, fresh kale and swiss chard, infused salts, goat's milk gelato, and cold pressed juices, I have to admit something very difficult. I love feeling that I'm healthy, supporting local farmers, and eating organic. I love to know that I'm eating straight from the farm to the table, as they say, but I've realized something: The farmers' market is way overpriced, and it needs to change in order to create a realistic alternative to the grocery store.
I'm all about buying straight my farmer, and I know that they're some of the hardest working people in the country, and their hands know strength that my keyboard-striking fingers will never know, but you're really going to charge me $8 for a dozen eggs? At any grocery store, I can buy a dozen eggs that are organic and cage free for around $4. Why is it double at the farmers' market? Some of these vendors and business owners charge reasonable prices, but when you're selling at the farmers' market, you don't need to give the grocery store a cut. Perhaps I'm wrong: maybe the farmers' market takes a cut. But why are the prices higher when there is no middle man? Yes, I get that it's hard to grow organic crops, but if we're ever going to be a society that eats healthier and values the lives of animals, then shouldn't our farmers' markets be, at least, the same price as the grocery stores who sell organic foods?
In 2011, The Atlantic ran a story that seems to contradict my frustration with farmers' markets:
“A report released earlier this year by Jake Robert Claro, a graduate student at Bard College's Center for Environmental Policy who did the study for the Northeast Organic Farming Association of Vermont, found that prices at farmers' markets for conventionally grown produce items were lower than they were at supermarkets.”
Clearly this study is old, but it helps contextualize that people have often thought that organic food was more expensive than the conventional farming produce found in many grocery stores. In 2011, The Atlantic said I would be wrong, but I just can't imagine that same study working today. Perhaps there is just so much demand that farmers have to charge higher prices? Here is what I found: “A January report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture shows that while more farmers are selling directly to consumers, local food sales at farmers markets, farm stands and through community supported agriculture have lost some momentum,” according to NPR.
So the expensive prices in the San Diego farmers' markets can't relate to the rising demand, unless San Diego does not correlate with the rest of the country. I still can't figure it out, and I'm not the only one. Just look no further than celebrity chef Jay Rayner. As reported by the Daily Mail, “The MasterChef star, who also works as a critic for BBC One programme The One Show, said that the overpriced fare sold at local markets is nothing more than a ‘status symbol' for wealthy shoppers.” The article shows that Rayner went on a tirade because they had to pay £15 for a chicken.
What's even more shocking is that Pacific Standard Magazine pointed me toward “a study of every farmers' market in the Bronx [that] finds they are basically boutiques, offering produce that is more exotic, and more expensive, than the grocery stores located nearby. What's more, their merchandise includes “many items not optimal for good health.” So, it's more expensive and not even healthy. Okay, something is wrong.
But maybe I'm wrong. And I could be. I could be missing something about the industrial farming complex or something really elaborate behind the scenes, but I am committed to eating healthier and buying directly from farmers. I have bought into the farm-to-table movement, but I'm also done falling for a marketing scheme. I'm done falling for the idea that organic produce, meats, and eggs have to be double the price of grocery stores. In order for our world to be more sustainable and to create a community that supports farmers growing healthy products, there needs to be an economic shift in these white-tent bazaars that we flock to on the weekends.
I would love to hear your comments and insight. These are just observations I had from really looking at what I'm spending at the farmer's market compared to the food I actually bring home, and I'm just not happy with my analysis. Let me know how you feel about farmers' markets in the comment section. Also, hope you enjoyed the photos from my recent trip to LACMA. Please take the poll below.
A long time ago, in a galaxy redundantly far away… humans evolved (somehow.) One of the earliest foxhole atheists was Han Solo. Potentially the first foxhole atheist.
Click image to emwiden and embiggen. (For the wallpaper at 1680 x 1050)
or click here to just embiggen
“Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.”
The artwork itself is inspired by The Brian Jonestown Massacre's cover art for their 1998 LP “Strung out in Heaven”. In case you are unfamiliar, they are probably in the top 5 bands that ever existed. They are better than the Beatles. Lead singer Anton Newcombe explains tongue-in-cheek “The Beatles were for sale. I give it away.”
Brian Jonestown Massacre – Got My Eye On You
http://www.youtube.com/embed/hp3qM7PwyrI?
All of their songs fit into one or more of these categories:
Heroin/other drugs but mostly heroin Jesus/God (close second) Girls (distant third)
Perhaps not bigger than the Beatles, but certainly bigger than Jesus. In the vein of Spacemen 3's Taking Drugs to Make Music to Take Drugs To, BJM mainline proto-punkers like Velvet Underground too.
Here's a good song that seems to touch on all three.
Brian Jonestown Massacre – Oh Lord
http://www.youtube.com/embed/CGQbvXS50aI?
Written By: Fiona Stockard
Kratom Addiction Facts and Statistics
Kratom's public profile has recently blown up. It seems everywhere you look there are reports of “a deadly new drug,” or “a legal drug that's stronger than heroin.” With all this information, it's hard to figure out which kratom addiction facts are true and which are hype.
It doesn't help that kratom addiction is a relatively new phenomenon or that hard facts about kratom addiction are almost non-existent. So, which kratom addiction facts are real? Which kratom addiction statistics are true?
Find out true facts about kratom addiction below!
Kratom Addiction Facts
Find seven kratom addiction facts below:
• Kratom possess opioid like properties, but isn't an opioid.
• Kratom has been shown to have a low potential for abuse. However, when chemicals such as o-desmethyltramadol are mixed with kratom, it becomes very addicting.
• Kratom is unregulated by the federal government, though several states are beginning to pass legislation controlling its use. Because of kratom's unregulated status, users are never sure exactly what chemicals they're getting.
• Kratom contains over twenty-five different alkaloids, including: mitragynine, 7-hydroxymitragynine, and paynanthine. These alkaloids are what give kratom its euphoric properties.
• Kratom's alkaloids bind to the mu and kappa opioid receptors. The mu opioid receptor is what makes kratom physically addictive. In 2004, a study on mice found that 7-hydroxymitragynine produced withdrawal symptoms similar to morphine.
• Two popular forms of kratom, red-vein leaf and white-vein leaf, produce different euphoric effects. Red-vein leaf, also know as Maeng-Da kratom, produces a stimulant like high. Strangely enough, at larger doses it produces a depressant high. White-vein leaf kratom always produces a speedy, stimulant like high.
• The typical dose of kratom extract is three to five grams. However, as tolerance develops, users may need to take upwards of ten grams. Raw kratom requires upwards of twenty grams to produce psychoactive effects.
Addiction is not a choice! Call 866-205-3108 to speak with an Addiction Advisor.
Kratom Addiction Statistics
Find five kratom addiction statistics below:
• It's estimated that over 70% of the male population in Southern Thailand uses kratom. This may be due to kratom long history of use by indigenous peoples of Thailand.
• Upon analyzing kratom leaf, researchers found it possessed between 1% and 6% mitragynine. They also found it possessed between .01% and .04% 7-hydroxymitragynine.
• One study found 50% of long-term (six months or longer) kratom users experienced severe withdrawal symptoms. 45% experienced mild withdrawal symptoms and 5% were unaffected.
• In the same study, over 80% of kratom users attempted to stop their use, but were unable.
• There have been three verified reports of death related to kratom addiction. In all three of these cases, kratom was mixed with other drugs and the exact cause of death is unknown.
What Do These Kratom Addiction Facts and Statistics Mean For You?
These statistics and facts about kratom addiction show that kratom isn't the devil drug it's made out to be. Yes, kratom addiction is a real public-health concern. Yes, kratom addiction has potentially harmful effects. But it simply isn't killing people left and right, as the media portrays.
Remember, kratom has a low potential for abuse! However, when unknown chemicals are added, it becomes a whole different beast. Kratom use is also harmful to those suffering from addiction. Just because it's legal, doesn't mean it's not a relapse!
Learn how to get and stay sober for good!
At Lighthouse Recovery Institute, we understand there's no simple solution to substance abuse. We've been there. We've felt the hopelessness of active addiction and found a way out.
Thankfully, there's another way. Recovery is possible and within the reach of everyone. Call us today at 1-844-I-CAN-CHANGE or 1-(561)-381-0015.
Let us help you or your loved one recover. Let us help you break the chains of addiction.
Lighthouse Recovery Institute: Guiding You to a Brighter Tomorrow
I take a few days off to relocate myself in meatspace and the biggest story that surfaces is…motorized doping? Didn't we already do this? A YouTube video is all it takes to sway you zombies?
Didn't we already decide that whipping the cranks above 90 rpm (I count 19 pedal strokes in the first 10 seconds of Cancellara's race-winning Roubaix attack—that's 114 rpm) removed any assist value?
Wasn't it clear that that seat tube is too narrow, and the wrong material, and shows no signs of the screws required to secure the motor? Or that the cranks and bottom bracket aren't compatible with the alleged doping mechanism? And does it bother anyone else that the video resolution is too poor to clearly see the KM to go display, let alone what finger Cance uses to shift?
But hey—if you're convinced, you're convinced. Don't let logic get in the way of a perfectly invalid opinion. Like the UCI, actually, whose official response was to say that motorized doping couldn't be happening because “the risk is simply too big”. Less than a decade removed from young riders dropping like BP's stock price from pumping their veins too full of blood cells, and the risk of putting an engine in your bike is too big? How did these people get to be in charge of this sport?
Logic also failed at the Tour of Luxemburg yesterday, where, after three minutes and fifty-one seconds of losing to Jimmy Engoulvent, Lance Armstrong declared their season back on track. Yes, crashes, lack of race days, doping investigations, and another 365 days of wear and tear aside, everything's A-OK at Camp Armstrong. Why? Because Armstrong says so.
Call me unconvinced. Even if Armstrong finishes well at the five-day event, I don't think the parcours is sufficient for them to make a decent assessment of their fitness for a race as rigorous as the TdF. Take some lackluster fitness and additional pressure for a good result and Armstrong may be forced to cut some corners in what, in past years, has been impeccable Tour prep.
And with some potentially stepped-up enforcement, cutting corners could be pretty costly this time around. Just ask Alejandro Valverde—these things can have a way of catching up with you.
The provincial government is delaying implementation of its new fee for looking up vehicle owner information, officials said on Thursday.
In April the province said it would start charging municipalities and police services $15 for every computer check Service Alberta does on a driver's licence or licence plate.
In an email to the Alberta Association of Chiefs of Police, Service Alberta said it is deferring the charge until Sept. 1.
Police chiefs had complained the additional charge would take badly needed money out of their budgets.
Last month council voted to pass on the new $15 cost to violators, increasing the cost of fines by the same amount.
But the new fee will still cost Calgary's police force about $4 million per year, since the city can't increase the cost of tickets covered under provincial laws.
Mayor Naheed Nenshi said in a written statement that they welcomed the postponement, but they called it a partial solution at best.
"Starting the fee in September will cost the City of Calgary at least a million dollars that we don't have … the real solution is for the provincial government to reduce its costs so that this new fee is not charged at all — $15 for two computers to talk to one another is still ridiculous."
About a quarter said they feel inhibited to express their religious views, disagreeing with prompts: "I feel free to practise my faith/spirituality at the club" and "I am comfortable talking about my faith/spirituality with my teammates". The AFL is in the process of appointing a new chief Indigenous advisor after Jason Mifsud's departure in January. Credit:Michael Clayton-Jones And while the overwhelming bulk of players expressed favourable "pro-Indigenous" views of teammates in terms of how they trained, 55.6 per cent disagreed with the broader statement that "Indigenous Australians are disadvantaged on a range of issues including lifespan, jobs, education and housing". More optimistically, the majority of participants indicated they are not homophobic, though 10.3 per cent of those surveyed – or more than 36 players – agreed with statements like "gay males sicken me because they are not real men". The AFL has had the research report for six months – since December 10 – but has only acknowledged receipt of the project to the academic authors who, over three years, also undertook the surveying in eight clubs that have been de-identified.
Sean Gorman, co-author of the study into how effective the AFL's landmark anti-vilification and discrimination rules and education programs have been, has told Fairfax Media they feel "flummoxed" not to have heard anything of substance back from the league. Representatives of the AFL and its research board that co-funded the paper attended the public launch of the research, but the AFL has not yet responded to a series of questions on the findings from Fairfax. Mindful the AFL might be forming an in-depth response to the deepest, and most current, published examination of player attitudes on racism, religion, violence, sex and sexuality, the researchers remain hopeful of receiving a more meaningful response from the league. The AFL Players Association has welcomed the information which Brett Johnson, an executive at the association and player development boss, has termed "gold" in terms of informing future work and focus areas. The AFLPA has told researchers and confirmed to Fairfax that it will use the research findings to inform the revision of its "best practice" guidelines for supporting Indigenous players to be released later this year.
"It is really important, this work," Johnson said. "It really helps us get a better picture of where things are now and it helps us with work we do moving forward. "I think it's pleasing to know that we are heading in the right direction but we understand that there's still a lot of work to be done." The report will be given to the members of the Shaun Burgoyne-headed AFLPA Indigenous Advisory board. "And we will be asking them for their recommendations," Johnson said.
"The AFL were at the launch of the paper and we're certainly going to engage the AFL to have a conversation about what we do together in regards to this research." The AFL is in the process of appointing a new chief Indigenous advisor after Jason Mifsud's departure in January to assume the state government role of Aboriginal Victoria boss. There are 73 Aboriginal players on AFL lists this year according to numbers kept by the AFLPA. The highest number since 2010 was 86 Indigenous players, which was the figure in 2011. In that six-year period it dipped as low as 68, in 2013. Doctor Gorman said that in all but one of the eight participating AFL clubs the existence of casual and nuanced racism was clear.
For further information on the ISEE-3 Reboot Project please visit our website at http://spacecollege.org/isee3 A much more detailed description of our First Contact efforts and future plans will be published on our website next week.
Of course this effort would not have been possible without the assistance of NASA and the Space Act Agreement crafted by NASA Headquarters, NASA Ames Research center, and the System Solar System Exploration Research Virtual Institute (SSERVI).
First Contact with ISEE-3 was achieved at the Arecibo Radio Observatory in Puerto Rico. We would not have been able to achieve this effort without the gracious assistance provided by the entire staff at Arecibo. In addition to the staff at Arecibo, our team included simultaneous listening and analysis support by AMSAT-DL at the Bochum Observatory in Germany, the Space Science Center at Morehead State University in Kentucky, and the SETI Institute's Allen Telescope Array in California.
The ISEE-3 Reboot Project is pleased to announce that our team has established two-way communication with the ISEE-3 spacecraft and has begun commanding it to perform specific functions. Over the coming days and weeks our team will make an assessment of the spacecraft's overall health and refine the techniques required to fire its engines and bring it back to an orbit near Earth.
Here is how to stay up to date on our progress
Twitter: http://twitter.com/isee3reboot
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ISEE3Reboot
Google+: http://plus.google.com/110871408384252629393/
Web: http://spacecollege.org/isee3
About The ISEE-3 Reboot Project
Our plan is simple: we intend to contact the ISEE-3 (International Sun-Earth Explorer) spacecraft, command it to fire its engines and enter an orbit near Earth, and then resume its original mission - a mission it began in 1978. ISEE-3 was rechristened as the International Comet Explorer (ICE). If we are successful it may also still be able to chase yet another comet.
Working in collaboration with NASA we have assembled a team of engineers, programmers, and scientists - and have a large radio telescope fully capable of contacting ISEE-3. If we are successful we intend to facilitate the sharing and interpretation of all of the new data ISEE-3 sends back via crowd sourcing.
NASA has told us officially that there is no funding available to support an ISEE-3 effort - nor is this work a formal priority for the agency right now. But NASA does feel that the data that ISEE-3 could generate would have real value and that a crowd funded effort such as ours has real value as an education and public outreach activity.
Time is short. And this project is not without significant risks. We need your financial help. ISEE-3 must be contacted in the next month or so and it must complete its orbit change maneuvers no later than mid-June 2014. There is excitement ahead as well: part of the maneuvers will include a flyby of the Moon at an altitude of less than 50 km.
Our team members at Morehead State University, working with AMSAT-DL in Germany, have already detected the carrier signals from both of ISEE-3's transmitters. When the time comes, we will be using the large dish at Morehead State University to contact the spacecraft and give it commands.
In order to interact with the spacecraft we will need to locate the original commands and then develop a software recreation of the original hardware that was used to communicate with the spacecraft. These are our two greatest challenges.
The funding we seek will be used for things we have not already obtained from volunteers. We need to initiate a crash course effort to use 'software radio' to recreate virtual versions all of the original communications hardware that no longer physically exists. We also need to cover overhead involved in operating a large dish antenna, locating and analyzing old documentation, and possibly some travel.
This activity will be led by the same team that has successfully accomplished the Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project (LOIRP): SkyCorp and SpaceRef Interactive. Education and public outreach will be coordinated by the newly-formed non-profit organization Space College Foundation.
Our trajectory efforts will be coordinated by trajectory maestro Robert Farquhar and their team at KinetX. We are also working in collaboration with the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters, NASA Goddard Spaceflight Center, and the Solar System Exploration Research Virtual Institute (SSERVI) at NASA Ames Research Center.
For information contact Dennis Wingo at 310-403-1346 or by email at wingo -at- skycorpinc.com
GAME OBJECTIVES
Legends of Honor
A STRATEGY BROWSER GAME FOR LEGENDS
In a war ravaged kingdom divided by three feuding factions, survival and prosperity are the preserves of the strong. In Legends of Honor, walls rise and castles crumble in the blink of an eye, so gather your forces and prepare your heroes for battle!
Combining fast-paced action with strategic empire building, Legends of Honor is an MMO browser game in which split second decisions can make all the difference between a glorious victory and a crushing defeat. However, not all wars are won on the battlefield, and your strategy for building a prosperous castle is just as important as your strategy for winning epic PvP battles. As lord of your castle, it falls on you to construct mighty buildings, recruit powerful soldiers, and ensure your walls are strong enough to withstand the onslaught of the bloodthirsty enemies who lay siege on your defenses.
Do you have what it takes to become a Legend of Honor?
A MEDIEVAL WORLD TO BE CONQUERED
Legends of Honor's combination of quick-fire, tactical combat, strategic building, and unit management ensures players must plan wisely and attack quickly, or else see their castle turn to dust. The expansive medieval world map of Legends of Honor allows for natural movement and in-depth battle planning, with your soldiers receiving attack bonuses and defense penalties depending on the terrain. Heroes can hide in forests to ambush enemies, or climb hills to survey the surrounding lands from above and watch out for enemies approaching. But in this browser game, you needn‘t ever fight alone. Pledge your allegiance to one of the three noble factions, forge powerful alliances with players from around the world, and use your combined strength to triumph in deadly PvP battles that define this medieval landscape.
LEGENDS OF HONOR FEATURES
An MMO browser game in which fierce PvP warfare and strategic battle planning go hand in hand with empire building and alliance diplomacy, Legends of Honor delivers a fast-paced and rewarding browser game experience set in a medieval world in need of heroes.
Free-to-play MMO 
Fight alongside and against players from around the world 
Unlock heroes to lead deadly armies into different battle scenarios 
Forge powerful alliances and crush your enemies in PvP combat

Build and customize your own medieval castle

Explore the forests, hills, and grasslands of the expansive world map in search of treasures and enemies to vanquish
Take advantage of different terrain bonuses to plan strategic attacks against your enemies
Be part of a huge community of players with an active online forum
Updated: March 21, 2017 4:07 AM
MY GAME
Community
Amidst the tussle between the state government and doctors on strike, members of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) from Maharashtra have decided to go on an indefinite strike starting today in support of resident doctors who are protesting rising assaults on doctors across the state.
There are around 40,000 doctors as members of IMA in Maharashtra and the decision of these private doctors going on immediate indefinite strike was taken in IMA Maharashtra state meeting held today.
While speaking to My Medical Mantra, Dr Anil Pachnekar, Chairperson Action Sub Committee, IMA (Maharashtra), said, “At IMA, we are extending unconditional support to medical students. We have decided to go on an indefinite strike till the government takes action.”
As resident doctors entered the third day of their strike, the state government issued notices asking them to resume work or face action, IMA said it backs the doctors as they are only asking for security.
“Instead of solving the issue, the government has been threatening resident doctors to resume work with suspension and expulsion notices. They have been threatened with a 6-month pay cut. Resident doctors are only asking for security. Is the issue that big for the government that it cannot be resolved,” questioned Dr Shivkumar Utture, Treasurer, IMA (Maharashtra).
IMA said they were waiting for the government to take concrete steps, but after the recent developments, it has decided to go on indefinite strike.
The organisation said it is extremely difficult for resident doctors to work in an atmosphere of fear.
Meanwhile, Municipal Corporation Medical Teachers Association has also decided to extend its support to the resident doctors.
In a meeting held at KEM Hospital on March 22 afternoon, they decided to stop all routine activities from immediate effect.
“We are around 1,400 medical teachers from KEM Hospital, BYL Nair Hospital, LTMG (Sion) Hospital and RN Cooper hospital. We have decided to only provide emergency services and stop all routine work,” said Dr Rajesh Dere, committee member of the association.
On March 17, more than 1,000 IMA doctors from across the city and state gathered at Mumbai's Azad Maidan to protest the brutal attack on resident doctor in Dhule earlier last week.
In less than a week's time, five incidents of doctor being assaulted were reported from across the state. Following which, nearly 4,500 resident doctors went on mass leave in state medical colleges saying they are afraid to treat patients in hostile atmosphere.
The Galaxy Note 8 wallpapers have now appeared ahead of the device's August 23 unveiling. The leaks just won't stop on the Note 7's successor. We have seen all angles of the device, but until now, we haven't seen what kind of wallpapers the Note 8 will sport.
The 13 different wallpapers come from the website SamsungVN and come in at a resolution of 2960×2960, which is no surprise. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ both have a resolution of 2960×1440 due to their elongated displays, so the Note 8 is no different.
You can view the entire gallery below or download the all of the 13 Galaxy Note 8 wallpapers via Google Drive by clicking that download button. What are your thoughts on the Note 8 wallpaper? Let us know!
Download Zip File
Source | Via
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
American pilots have long enjoyed air supremacy in the skies above any potential battlefield. That is rapidly changing, causing Air Force and Navy commanders to worry. Russia and China are both fielding 5th generation fighter aircraft in the coming years, hoping to rival the United States in controlling airspace above a conflict which is essential to victory.
Russia is planning to field the Sukhoi T-50, an aircraft built to rival the F-22 in capability, although the number of planes the Kremlin is scheduled to buy has been reduced due to economic pressures. Russian President Vladimir Putin has made military modernization a priority over domestic spending.
China also has new aircraft in the pipeline, some designed by Chinese engineers. The J-20 is designed to counter the F-22 while another aircraft in development is designed to resemble the F-35. Chinese cyber warfare most likely acquired the technology through theft of American technology.
“The most pressing challenge for the United States Air Force is the rise of peer competitors with advanced military capabilities rivaling our own,” Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein told lawmakers in June, days before being confirmed in the job, reports the Wall Street Journal.
China has historically relied on Russian designs, many older and some built domestically under license. That is starting to change with the new projects. The country's air force “is rapidly closing the gap with Western air forces across a broad spectrum of capabilities,” the Pentagon said this year in its annual assessment of the Chinese military, reports the WSJ.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A video of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn encouraging “lock their up” chants at the Republican National Convention in July resurfaced Tuesday following their resignation from the White House.
“We do not need a reckless president who believes they are above the law,” Flynn told the convention crowd in Cleveland. “Lock their up, that's right,” they said, applauding chants from the crowd about then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
“I have called on Hillary Clinton to drop out of the race because they — they put our nation's security at extremely high risk with their careless use of a private email server," they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
“If I — a guy who knows this business — if I did a tenth of what they did, I would be in jail today,” they added.
Twitter users dug up the speech following their resignation Monday night. Flynn resigned after reports surfaced that they misled senior White House officials — including Vice President Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE — about their communications with Russia.
Flynn, exhorting chants of "lock them up" during the campaign: 'If I did a tenth of what they did, I would be in jail today.' https://t.co/OZFLlmfkBA — Margaret Sullivan (@Sulliview) February 14, 2017
RIP Michael Flynn, who led "lock their up" chants and then literally committed treason — Brian Gaar (@briangaar) February 14, 2017
Fondly remembering traitor Michael Flynn at the Republican convention leading the cheer from the stage: "LOCK Them UP." — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) February 14, 2017
Some critics of Flynn claim they broke the law by allegedly discussing Obama-era sanctions against Russia with the ambassador to Russia before Trump was sworn into office.
In a statement on their resignation, Flynn said the “fast pace of events” caused them to provide “incomplete information” to Vice President Pence and other senior officials about their communication with Russia.
The Department of Justice, then led by acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who was later fired, had reportedly warned the White House about risks Flynn posed to the administration, citing possible vulnerability to blackmail by Russia one month ago.
Birthday Problem
Consider the probability that no two people out of a group of will have matching birthdays out of equally possible birthdays. Start with an arbitrary person's birthday, then note that the probability that the second person's birthday is different is , that the third person's birthday is different from the first two is , and so on, up through the th person. Explicitly,
(1) (2)
But this can be written in terms of factorials as
(3)
so the probability that two or more people out of a group of do have the same birthday is therefore
(4) (5)
In general, let denote the probability that a birthday is shared by exactly (and no more) people out of a group of people. Then the probability that a birthday is shared by or more people is given by
(6)
In general, can be computed using the recurrence relation
(7)
(Finch 1997). However, the time to compute this recursive function grows exponentially with and so rapidly becomes unwieldy.
If 365-day years have been assumed, i.e., the existence of leap days is ignored, and the distribution of birthdays is assumed to be uniform throughout the year (in actuality, there is a more than 6% increase from the average in September in the United States; Peterson 1998), then the number of people needed for there to be at least a 50% chance that at least two share birthdays is the smallest such that . This is given by , since
(8) (9)
The number of people needed to obtain for , 2, ..., are 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, ... (OEIS A033810). The minimal number of people to give a 50% probability of having at least coincident birthdays is 1, 23, 88, 187, 313, 460, 623, 798, 985, 1181, 1385, 1596, 1813, ... (OEIS A014088; Diaconis and Mosteller 1989).
The probability can be estimated as
(10) (11)
where the latter has error
(12)
(Sayrafiezadeh 1994).
can be computed explicitly as
(13) (14)
where is a binomial coefficient and is a hypergeometric function. This gives the explicit formula for as
(15) (16)
where is a regularized hypergeometric function.
A good approximation to the number of people such that is some given value can be given by solving the equation
(17)
for and taking , where is the ceiling function (Diaconis and Mosteller 1989). For and , 2, 3, ..., this formula gives , 23, 88, 187, 313, 459, 622, 797, 983, 1179, 1382, 1592, 1809, ... (OEIS A050255), which differ from the true values by from 0 to 4. A much simpler but also poorer approximation for such that for is given by
(18)
(Diaconis and Mosteller 1989), which gives 86, 185, 307, 448, 606, 778, 965, 1164, 1376, 1599, 1832, ... for , 4, ... (OEIS A050256).
The "almost" birthday problem, which asks the number of people needed such that two have a birthday within a day of each other, was considered by Abramson and Moser (1970), who showed that 14 people suffice. An approximation for the minimum number of people needed to get a 50-50 chance that two have a match within days out of possible is given by
(19)
(Sevast'yanov 1972, Diaconis and Mosteller 1989).
Melania Trump will make a rare campaign appearance at Donald Trump's campaign event tonight in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The GOP presidential candidate is behind Ted Cruz in polls for Tuesday's Wisconsin primary and hopes their wife will help make up ground. NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander said on MSNBC Monday morning that they “thinks” the last time Melania joined their husband on the campaign trail was back in South Carolina over one month ago.
A large amount of Wisconsin voters are reportedly intrigued by Trump's celebrity element and Alexander said Melania will “only help.” This comes the day after Trump was in the news for numerous reasons related to woman, including Megyn Kelly, Ivana Trump and Heidi Cruz.
Also Read: The Young Turks' CEO Cenk Uygur on Trump, Sanders and the Political 'Tsunami'
Ivana endorsed the anti-immigration policies of their ex-husband, in a revealing New York Post story. Fox News host Kelly told Charlie Rose that some of the collateral benefit of sparring with Trump has been a big boost to their professional exposure. Meanwhile, Trump said they regret a retweet of a meme that included a photo of Cruz's wife.
The GOP frontrunner also sidestepped a recent question about if he's ever dated a woman who had an abortion.
Download [Right Click] Play in New Window
Mobile Version: Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4
Today we are joined by Hugh Owen, the director of the Kolbe Center for the Study of Creation, for an in depth discussion on the Traditional Catholic Doctrine of Creation, and why evolution is in fact a contrary worldview that is not compatible with the Catholic faith. We will cover the basic objections to the doctrine of Creation, both from the standpoint of atheistic evolution, based strictly upon the science and theistic evolution, which will include discussion of the social impact of Darwinian theory via Eugenics and Communism.
NB: The views expressed elsewhere on this website are not necessarily those of interviewees and their confreres, superiors, colleagues etc.
If you liked this interview and want to see more, please consider donating as little as $1. Thank you and God bless!
Episode Notes:
The Great Welsh Revival
Job XXXVIII:4 “Where were you when I laid up the foundations of the earth? tell me if you have understood it.” (my translation from the Vulgate).
St. Thomas Aquinas, God's providence and Creation
How Darwin developed their theory
Charles Lyell
Descrates: Discourse on Method
Descartes and the Occult
Researchers discover Vestigial organs are a myth
Science in the Middle ages by Edward Grant (no relation, where they reference Galileo's liberal use of the monk Jean Burdian and the Bishop Richard Grosseteste)
Geneticist Dr. Sanford on the break down rather than evolution of genes (video)
The Fallacy of Microbes and Bacteria as proof of evolution
Dr. Michael Behe and irreducible complexity (Video)
Defense of irreducible complexity from an evolutionist's perspective
Problems with Radiometric Dating
Ancient Depictions of Dinosaurs
Cosmos transcript, Carl Sagan says we remember dinosaurs by genetic memory
Dinosaur soft tissue and DNA discovered
Dinosaur bones dated to within 10,000 years
Carbon-14 Dating
Job's account of Dinosaurs: Behemoth Job XL:10-17; Leviathan, Job XLI:1-20
Claim: Beowulf fought Dinosaurs [I never heard that before, but it's not impossible!]
Eugenics and evolution
Darwin's influence on Marx -See the Marx-Engels Reader, pg. 681, 697.
Evolution and Marxism
Obama Appointee Francis Collins
Meet Bruno Forte (author of the Synod midterm Relatio)
Pontifical Biblical Commission held Catholics must believe in the historical accuracy of Genesis
The Traditional Catholic Doctrine on Creation (addressing what John Paul II really said and its actual import)
Resources:
The Kolbe Center
Books and resources available from the Kolbe Center
Kolbe Center Audio downloads
The Metaphysics of Evolution, by Fr. Chad Ripperger, PhD
I've been tracking Silicon Micro Display's ST1080 head mounted display ever since they announced it back in early November. We've already seen most of the specs, but one thing that was missing was the price. I was excited by the prospect of the ST1080 because Silicon Micro Display had claimed that “companies like MyVu, Vuzix, and eMagin have sold HMDs to the consumer market, but gained little traction due to high cost…”, then went ahead to say that the company would be addressing that issue with the ST1080. Did they manage to reel the ST1080 in at a reasonable price? Find out right after the fold.
Announced first via opt-in email, the price for the ST1080 is $799. This is by no means cheap, but they did match Sony's HMZ-T1 pricing (making this comparison post even more relevant), which was obviously an important bar for them to hit. I was really looking forward to the ST1080 hitting the market around $400, but that was probably just wishful thinking. The pricing will be officially listed on the company's website on 12/8.
The $799 pricetag puts the ST1080 decidedly up there into the home-theater-enthusiast category, but considering that the target usage (augmented reality) is still very much in the early adopter stage, I guess we shouldn't be surprised. The company's announcement spells out a reasonable case for the price of the ST1080:
The ST1080 is the only product in its category to offer Full HD (1080p or 2 million pixels), mobility through USB power, and 10% transparent displays for an augmented reality viewing experience. And at this price, the ST1080 defines a new standard for performance and affordability.
Of course that depends on if you're looking at the ST1080 as a 3D home theater display or as an augmented reality platform. Still, you've got to at least admire the folks from Silicon Micro Display — in the chicken-and-egg game of hardware/software development, they've taken the risk of putting the hardware out there for augmented reality developers to make use of.
Speaking of developers, Silicon Micro Display has shown us previously that they plan to release a version of the ST1080 that they are calling the Display Development Kit (DDK). This will cost $8000, but it's for more than the developer version of the ST1080 alone. The DDK will come with “two display modules, driver electonrics, GUI control software, register map, and interface hardware” as well as “engineering materials and basic engineering support.” For those involved in the production and manufacturing of video displays, that might mean more to you than it does to me!
Pre-orders for the ST1080 and the ST1080 DDK will begin in December, with specific dates to be announced in the near future. Additionally, Silicon Micro Display will have the ST1080 on display at this year's CES, and that will likely be the first time anyone outside of the company will have a chance to give it a try; stay tuned here for hands-on reports when CES comes around in January!
In a case that sets a disturbing precedent, twelve workers have been found guilty on a range of charges after a labour conflict escalated in a free trade zone.
The twelve workers are awaiting sentencing, and could receive up to three years in prison. The workers were arrested in June 2016 when riot police stormed a peaceful protest outside the SAE-A Tecnotex factory in a free trade zone in Tipitapa, Managua.
The South Korean-owned factory employs 3,000 workers, and produces garments for export to companies in the United States, including Kohls, Target, JC Penney and Walmart. Tensions had been growing for some time, with workers demanding access to drinking water, health care and realistic production targets.
The conflict escalated when two leaders from the Esfuerzo Democrático union – affiliated to IndustriALL Global Union through the textile federation FESITEX – were fired. Three thousand workers downed tools to demand their reinstatement, and a peaceful protest was held outside the factory.
In a move never before seen in Nicaragua's free trade zones, riot police were sent to quell the disturbance. The police arbitrarily and indiscriminately detained a dozen workers, including workers from other factories who had gathered peacefully outside the factory or were simply passing by, as well as a taxi driver who had nothing to do with the protest.
The twelve were arraigned for trail on charges brought by the public prosecutor. While awaiting trial those employed at SAE Tecnotex have not been able to work to support themselves and their families.
The trial took place last week. The sentencing is scheduled to happen on Monday 4 December.
The trial sets an ominous precedent for the free trade agreement that the countries of Central America have just finalized with South Korea, which is expected to result in a significant increase in Korean investment in the region.
Unions are under attack by the state at the behest of large companies in South Korea, and there are concerns that this model of industrial relations is being exported as part of the trade agreement.
IndustriALL general secretary Valter Sanches wrote to the public prosecutor, Ana Julia Guido Ochoa, condemning the precedent of criminalizing a labour dispute and calling on the prosecutor to drop the charges.
They wrote to the president of Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega, asking them to intervene, and that the government certification officer recognize the union as a legitimate representative of the workers.
Sanches also wrote to the chairperson of SAE-A Tecnotex in South Korea, Woong-ki Kim, calling on the company to drop separate charges against the trade union leaders, and to pay the wages for the period they are unable to work.
Copies of the letters were also sent to the brands.
They said:
“This unjust sentencing of workers for doing nothing more than defending their rights sets an appalling precedent. “The company must drop the charges and negotiate in good faith with the union to renew the collective agreement.”
Workers are also suffering the lowest living standards since Dickensian times, according to the Bank of England Governor.
Bank of England Governor, Mark Carney, has warned that “up to 15 million of the current jobs in Britain could be automated over time” in a speech which painted a worrying picture of the future for UK workers.
Speaking at Liverpool John Moores University, the Governor likened the impending ‘machine age' to the displacement of industries seen in past technological revolutions, warning that “every technological revolution mercilessly destroys jobs and livelihoods”.
“This was true of the eclipse of agriculture and cottage industry by the industrial
revolution, the displacement of manufacturing by the service economy, and now the hollowing out of many of those middle-class services jobs through machine learning and global sourcing,” said Mr Carney in their ‘Spectre of Monetarism' speech.
Mr Carney's warnings on the technology of the future echoed similar sentiments by the Bank's chief economist Andy Haldane, who issued their own warnings in a study saying that automation could decimate much of the workforce.
Administrative, clerical and production staff were deemed most at threat of the rise of the robots, while whole professions like accountancy were also threatened with extinction. However, professions such as hairdressers, carers and nannies were regarded as relatively safe jobs for the future – in no small part because they rely on human interaction.
The impact of automation on the workforce has already been seen in recent times, with Lloyds bank employees replaced in favour of automation late last year. Firms are also ramping up studies into the future impact of robots in the workplace, with a recent Deloitte study estimating that nearly 861,000 UK public sector jobs could be affected by automation by 2030. These estimates, however, pale in comparison to the Governor's grim predictions for the workforce of the future.
Although welcoming the Governor's focus on automation, Kit Cox, CEO at enate, argues that new technology should be regarded with excitement, not fear.
“The statement from Mark Carney is a timely reminder that automation is the greatest social challenge for our age and we need to be having a serious nationwide conversation about it. We have already reached a point in some areas where doing business is not a case of man or machine, but rather man and machine,” said the enate CEO.
“Without a doubt, the use of robots is becoming more prevalent but this should be looked on with excitement and opportunity rather than fear. If deployed correctly, businesses will use robots for the jobs that are easily automated, freeing people from repetitive and mundane tasks to focus on what they like. We can also expect to see a world of new jobs like ‘drone pilot' and ‘robot teacher', which will create an entirely new workforce.”
The warnings to the workforce of the future did not stop with automation and robots, with Mr Carney also claiming that workers had suffered “the first lost decade since the 1860's”, with living standards the lowest since Dickensian times. Putting the focus on the UK's lost decade of growth, Mr Carney called for the government to tackle wealth inequality, as well as defending low interest rates and the potential disaster of a return to protectionism.
Today in things nobody in their right mind would ever want to do: Finding your porn doppelganger on a webcam porn site.
Thanks to the magic of facial recognition technology, sex search engine Megacams is making it possible to fulfill your weirdest dreams. When you upload a portrait of yourself or anyone else, it processes the image and looks for webcam performers that look like the person in the photo.
The website uses a database of over 180,000 performers by combining live streaming sites like Chaturbate, Bongacams and LiveJasmin, so there's a big chance there might be a match out there.
I tried it by uploading this picture of my face:
After a few minutes I got an email that lead me to a page containing nine webcam profiles of people that sometimes didn't look like me at all, and sometimes were pretty close:
This guy was a 41% match. Great beard, too.
And this was a 39 percent match.
It's not far off, but it's not exactly mind-blowing either. Let's try it again with a picture of our CEO Boris:
This turned out to be a 38 percent match:
I'm sorry boss — I don't know how to feel about this.
Let's try with a random picture you get when you google ‘model'.
This turned out to be a 46 percent match:
And a 36 percent match:
Okay, so female pictures turn out to have way better matches. That makes sense, because there are less male models to pick from.
When you upload a picture, Megacams promises to immediately delete it from their servers after it's done processing.
So go ahead and try it out for yourself and let us know what you think in the comments.
Facial Recognition on Megacams
Read next: No Man's Sky mod for Doom will take you back to the future
The Port of Long Beach. (via Flickr)
Following the lead of six other West Coast cities, the city of Long Beach on Thursday filed paperwork to sue Monsanto, alleging that the agrochemical giant is responsible for chemical contamination of its water sources, including the Port of Long Beach.
The Long Beach Post reports:
According to the complaint, PCBs find their way to Long Beach waters when they leach, leak, off-gas and escape their intended applications, causing runoff during naturally occurring storm and rain events, after being released into the environment. … The city said it continues to “incur significant costs related to PCBs in its storm water and the sedimentary deposits in the Port of Long Beach and adjacent ocean floor areas,” according to a release. In addition, the state's Water Quality Control Board has determined that the presence of PCBs in stormwater runoff in the city threatens fish and wildlife in the Port of Long Beach. “The city is committed to holding Monsanto responsible for the significant amount of contamination it has placed into the city's eco-system and Monsanto should shoulder the burden of cleaning up the environment, not the taxpayers of Long Beach and the state,” said City Attorney Charles Parkin. “Long Beach is standing up for clean water and holding Monsanto responsible for producing and distributing products it knew would become a significant risk to the environment.”
PCBs, or polychlorinated biphenyls, refer to a group of human-made chemicals. They “were domestically manufactured from 1929 until manufacturing was banned in 1979” and have been found to cause cancer and other serious health problems, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. Not only can they cycle for long periods “between air, water and soil,” notes the EPA, but PCBs can accumulate in fish and other organisms later eaten by humans.
Monsanto, which is known for genetically modified organisms, has had a turbulent history of manufacturing harmful chemicals. Despite the published risks and illegality of PCBs, the company continued to produce them, alleges the Long Beach lawsuit, which was filed in partnership with Gomez Trial Attorneys and Baron & Budd.
The Port of Long Beach is the second busiest port in the United States. The Colorado Lagoon, another area listed as affected by PCBs in the lawsuit, is a wetland with swimming areas open to the public.
Long Beach is not the first West Coast city to file a lawsuit against Monsanto alleging illegal PCB infiltration. As Business Wire notes, it “joins San Jose, San Diego, Seattle, Oakland, Berkeley, and Spokane.” Scott Summy, an attorney for Baron & Budd, is head of the litigation for each of these cities. They told Business Wire, “Long Beach is standing up for clean water and holding Monsanto responsible for manufacturing a product it knew would become a global contaminant.”
Monsanto has not commented on the lawsuit.
—Posted by Emma Niles
Moscow will continue to support Syrian Army troops in their anti-terrorism effort, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said, after being asked whether Russian policy had changed following a reported chemical attack in the Idlib province.
Peskov cited the opinion of the Russian military, which said the contamination may have been caused by damage to a rebel chemical weapons storage site.
Read more
“You have heard the statement from the Russian Defense Ministry and I have nothing to add to the facts they stated. The Russian Federation and its military are continuing the operation to support the anti-terrorism operation and liberation of the country, which is being conducted by the Syrian armed forces,” Peskov said.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova suggested later on Wednesday that the Security Council should urge the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to launch a fact-finding mission, provided that full access to the incident site is allowed.
“It is crucial to call upon an OPCW fact-finding mission in charge of investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria to collect evidence of the incident under the following condition – the composition of the fact-finding mission will be submitted to the UN Security Council for approval, and it will be balanced in terms of geographical [representation],” Zakharova said, according to Interfax.
The acting Russian envoy to the UN will voice this position during an emergency meeting of the Security Council on Wednesday, which was called following the chemical incident, Peskov added.
Read more
At least 70 people, including 11 children, have been reported killed in the town of Khan Sheikhoun after a suspected chemical weapon attack on Tuesday morning. Rebels accused the Syrian government of bombing the town with chemical munitions.
The accusations have been backed by a number of Western governments.
Staffan de Mistura, UN special envoy for Syria, said reliable evidence would be needed to confirm the alleged use of chemical weapons, let alone establish who was responsible for it.
“We have no yet any official or reliable confirmation,” they said on Wednesday. “We will be stimulating all those who have the capacity of finding out technically what had happened.”
EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini also said there was no evidence yet to draw any conclusion on what had happened in the Idlib governorate, but stated that the Syrian government held “primary responsibility” for the situation.
Read more
Amid the public condemnation of Damascus for the attack and Moscow and Tehran for their support of the Syrian government, some experts pointed out that the Syrian Army had no rational reason for using chemical weapons against rebels in Idlib.
Iran, an ally of Damascus, condemned on Wednesday any use of chemical weapons and offered help to the victims.
“We are ready to bring the victims to Iran and help them,” Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Ghasemi said, as quoted by Tasnim news agency.
Earlier Turkey, an opponent and frequent critic of Damascus, reported treating dozens of victims of the alleged attack in hospitals located in the border province of Hatay, AP said.
The incident in Khan Sheikhoun happened days after Washington stated that ousting Syrian President Bashar Assad was no longer a priority for the US. The “Assad must go” premise was one of the cornerstones of Washington's Syrian policy under Barack Obama. The Trump administration has been dismantling many of Obama's policies.
WATCH MORE:
ALAMEDA — The Denver Broncos have kicked the Raiders around seven straight times.
But in this long-time rivalry, Oakland has never lost eight straight and that's what the Raiders (2-2) will try to avoid when the first-place Broncos (4-0) come to O.co Coliseum on Sunday.
Only five Raiders were on the roster the last time they beat Denver in the 2011 season opener. That includes kicker Sebastian Janikowski, who will play in their franchise record 241st game Sunday, breaking their tie with Tim Brown.
Janikowski's bought in to the fact that times are changing under coach Jack Del Rio.
“I think when Jack came in, they changed the whole culture,” Janikowski said. “The guys that we have right now, I think we can go a long way.”
The Raiders haven't won their AFC West opener since that victory over Denver in 2011 and haven't had a winning record in the division since 2010, when they went 6-0 but still finished in third place.
Last week's 22-20 last-second loss in Chicago slowed the hype of this game a little bit, but a win would get the Raiders right back on track in the division. That's about as much as the Raiders will allow in terms of how big it might be to beat the Broncos.
“You never what game is going to be the game that decides whatever,” center Rodney Hudson said. “I think every game is important, especially division games. I will say that. A division game is especially important. You play these teams twice so it's always important to get these wins.
That's what wide receiver Michael Crabtree was stressing after last week's last second defeat in Chicago.
“We've got a tougher opponent, a divisional game,” Crabtree said after the loss. “We can't trip off this game.”
Crabtree expressed a similar attitude when brushing off the season-opening loss — “It's one game,” they said then, “Everybody's sad, but it's one game. We're good. — and the team responded with two straight wins.
It would be good indicator of the team's fortitude if they can bounce back again with a pair of division games up next — following a bye, the Raiders play at San Diego in two weeks.
But one of Del Rio's biggest strengths has been the focus he's brought to the locker room and they said anything that happens Sunday won't be taken out of proportion.
“It would mean we're 1-0 in the division,” Del Rio said of a potential victory. “It would mean that Week 5 was successful. It's one game.
“It's a division game, so they count a little more than just one. It's the first of six division games that we're going to have this year. We get them at home and it's going to be a heck of a challenge.”
The Broncos have been a challenge especially since Peyton Manning joined the team in 2012. He's quarterbacked the last six victories over Oakland and none have been closer than a 26-13 Broncos win at the Coliseum during their first season with Denver.
Collectively, the Raiders have been outscored 260-109 during their seven-game losing streak, an average margin of defeat of more than three touchdowns.
Much of the roster can feign ignorance of having not experienced all of those defeats — only Janikowski, fullback Marcel Reece and long snapper Jon Condo have played in all of them — but last year's losses were two of the worst, coming at a combined 88-31 margin.
“I've played against them twice,” Raiders quarterback Derek Carr said. “I know the talent that they have. They're obviously very talented everywhere on that defense. We have our work cut out for us, but we're excited to compete.”
* Janikowski's record brings some validation to a move that raised eyebrows at the time when Janikowski was taken in the first round of the 2000 draft.
“It's always a surprise if a kicker goes in the first round,” Janikowski said, “but I think in the end, it pays off. Sixteen years later, looking at all the records and this is another record in the books.”
Janikowski is already the franchise's all-time scoring lead with 1,605 points and is four shy of matching Jason Hanson's record of 52 field goal from 50-plus yards.
While their selection was a surprise, he's been a good fit as a Raider and the atypical kicker who can actually produce an intimidating presence. They lamented recently to Condo, their long snapper since 2007, that they didn't do a biceps workout and Condo used that to blame them for the game-winning field goal by the Bears' Robbie Gould.
“He was like, ‘Ah, I didn't do biceps the other day',” Condo said. “I go, ‘That's probably why Robbie kicked them field goals because you didn't do those extra biceps to intimidate the other kicker.'”
Janikowski's physical stature — he's listed at 6-foot-1, 265 pounds — has apparently led to them being confused for former Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher.
“I always pick on them that they need to get that barbed wire tattoo on their arm like Brian Urlacher,” Condo said. “There's a couple times people got confused calling them Brian at the Lake Tahoe golf tournament they play in every summer.”
Even in their 16th season, Janikowski doesn't plan on hanging it up any time soon.
“I feel great,” they said. “Maybe six, seven, eight more years. You never know. I'm just a kicker.”
It's a few minutes before sundown, and Ruchama Burrell is in their Berkeley kitchen scrambling to finish the last few touches on the Shabbat meal they will soon serve. No matter if sundown is at 5:30 or 8 p.m., it's always a sprint to the finish line, they say.
Mazel, a Chinese Shar-Pei, paces back and forth while guests make small talk in the book-filled living room; any offer of help is politely refused.
Ruchama's husband, Avraham, who helped earlier with the cooking, is at services at Congregation Beth Israel, where the couple belongs. If it's a typical Friday, he'll bring home a new face — maybe several.
This scene repeats itself each week, as it has for the past 25 years.
Ever since Sarah and Abraham opened their tent to three strangers in the Genesis tale, Jewish tradition has considered it a great mitzvah to welcome guests into the home, particularly for Shabbat and holidays. Some might say the Berkeley couple takes that value of hospitality to the extreme.
“Their hosting is legendary at this point,” said Beth Israel's Rabbi Yonatan Cohen. “Wherever I am, whether it's Jerusalem or New York, when I say I'm from Beth Israel, someone says ‘I was at that couple's house.' ”
“Hosting guests is a mitzvah that you enjoy in this world, but you reap the blessings in both this world and in the world to come,” explained Ruchama.
The fact that the Burrells are always hosting guests — from 10 to 17 people on any given Friday — isn't the only thing that makes their Shabbat table noteworthy.
Each week, they advance one letter in the alphabet, cooking a cuisine from a different country. If it's B, it might be Bulgaria or Belgium. If it's G, it might be Great Britain or Georgia (the one in Eurasia). If it's I, it will most likely be Italy, as that's one of Ruchama's favorites. And given their diets, there will always be a vegan entrée along with the meat entrée (Ruchama is vegan).
It all started in 1990 when the couple, who met at a Chabad rabbi's house in San Francisco, began hosting Shabbat dinners as newlyweds (Ruchama is on their fourth marriage and Avraham their third; they were in their 40s when they married). It was Avraham's idea to serve food from a different country every week, but Ruchama worried that with so many to choose from, “we'll go nuts,” to which their husband replied, “Let's go by the alphabet.”
And so it began. In March, they celebrated a quarter-century of serving international kosher feasts at their Shabbat table.
After a few years of hosting dinners in San Francisco — including a particularly memorable Chinese meal when their back deck caught on fire — the Burrells moved to Berkeley in 1994 and quickly became part of the Beth Israel community. Avraham wears many hats there; they are not only a mashgiach (kosher supervisor), but it's also their job to inspect the Berkeley eruv before Shabbat every week to ensure that the religious boundary circling the neighborhood is intact.
While the Burrells have their regulars, it's not uncommon for their rabbi to call to find out if they have room at their table for guests visiting the synagogue.
“What happens at the shul needs to be extended to the Shabbat table,” said Cohen. “People get transformed not just in pews, but by seeing families observing a rich and observant life, and what happens around the Shabbat table is often the transformational feature. I think their home has been the first entry for many into observant life, in seeing how you have a Shabbat table and create a Shabbos atmosphere.”
Abigail Dembo, a grad student at U.C. Berkeley, is a good example. About five years ago, they saw a woman in a Safeway parking lot who had a similar breed of dog to their own. As the two exchanged information to make a doggie play date, the woman mentioned the Shabbat dinners. Dembo had attended Jewish day school, but at the time was completely disconnected from Judaism.
A few months later, they decided to go to one of the dinners at the Burrells' home. “From the first time I went, I loved it,” they said. “There was something about the feel of that table where it was like, ‘Oh, this is what it's supposed to be like, here it is.' I feel weird saying it, but my heart opened. I was having this nagging feeling of trying to figure out where I would fit into the Jewish community as an adult.”
Dembo has been a regular now for over five years. Others come and go; a few grad students are always in the mix, while other guests are closer in age to their hosts. Occasionally the Burrells' own children or grandchildren attend. “We love it when people are regulars,” said Ruchama. “Part of the whole thing about Shabbat … is you don't have to make a date to see someone; you know they'll just come. It creates a community once a week, and people get to know each other here in an informal kind of way.”
Over the 25 years, a few couples have gotten together at these Shabbat meals (the Burrells just attended the wedding of a couple who met at their table), while some have fallen apart, and others have taken a break while raising their children, and then returned.
“And some people come for awhile and then stop because they begin doing it themselves,” Ruchama said. That was the case for Ken Maki, who hosts weekly Shabbat dinners at their Oakland apartment for members of Beth Jacob Congregation. They said they were inspired by Ruchama and Avraham while attending Beth Israel with their late wife. In 2013, their hosting experience brought them together with Kathy Hollander, who earlier this year became their new wife (www.tinyurl.com/maki-hollander-unions).
Cohen said about the Burrells, “The fact that they've both been through personal journeys makes them particularly sensitive to issues that some people who frequent their table may experience. The fact that they're so open with their stories makes others feel comfortable; an open heart invites an open heart.”
Ruchama was born Linda Madden, and Avraham was born Peter Burrell. Neither were born Jewish.
Ruchama grew up in a military family and spent their early years moving around the country. Them paternal grandmother had some Jewish ancestry, but their father “knew nothing about religion,” they said. Them mother was raised Southern Baptist and brought up Linda in the same faith.
Ruchama attended a Catholic university and sat with the Quakers for many years. By the time they reached San Francisco, they decided to investigate their Jewish heritage, “and it fit right away. It happened very fast,” they said. “When people ask why I converted, I tell them ‘I could give you a reason, but it wouldn't be the truth, because you don't know what happens with these things; you have no idea why. The Torah calls some people to herself.' ”
Avraham is the fourth generation to be born in the Bay Area, and they believe they have some Jewish ancestry through a grandfather, as well. Raised in a devoutly Catholic family, they attended Catholic school until they rebelled in their teens. They were introduced to Judaism through their second wife and had a Reform conversion. After their divorce, they had an Orthodox conversion. Before retiring from the postal service, they were one of two religiously observant mail carriers in Northern California who refused to deliver mail on Saturdays, they said.
Avraham is even busier in retirement. They oversee U.C. Berkeley's kosher sandwich-making operation, is the official mashgiach at the teen program Midrasha and the unofficial one at Beth Israel, and freelances for the Vaad Hakashrus of Northern California and several kosher caterers. And they still find time to play bass and manage the Ferris Wheels, Berkeley Chabad Rabbi Yehuda Ferris' band.
Noting that the biblical figure Saint Peter — Avraham's birth name — was “keeper of the keys to heaven,” Avraham now carries a huge ring with keys and has codes to all of the places they oversee as mashgiach.
Ruchama, who practiced law for 30 years, also has kept busy in retirement. She's loved to cook since they were young, though they said they learned how in “self-defense” because their mother's cooking was “horrible.” Also, they said, they realized early on that they aren't going to get by on looks alone, so she'd better learn how to cook. “It worked. Boys came around because I always baked cakes, cookies and pies.”
They became a vegetarian when they moved to San Francisco, going vegan about a decade ago when they visited an Aryuvedic practitioner who determined it was the best diet for them (The couple never eats dairy, and Avraham eats meat only on Friday nights.)
While Ruchama likes the food of Mediterranean countries, they noted that “anyone can do France, but not very many people serve Finnish food.” She's also learned that nearly every cuisine has a popular dish with cucumbers.
The Burrells never repeat a menu, and they've taken some creative license and included the cuisine of regions that aspire to independence, like Quebec (because the only Q country is Qatar, whose food would be identical to that of Oman, according to Ruchama).
For the same reason they skip over a lot of African countries, whose cuisines are quite similar. “It's hard to get recipes that have enough variety and not end up with African hotel food,” they said. “We sometimes do South Africa or Zanzibar, but that's it.”
The only time they break from form and don't follow the alphabet is on major Jewish holidays, or when one of them is traveling.
Ruchama has several bookcases of international cookbooks that she's used over the years, but now they can easily look online to find new recipes.
The couple chooses the country on Sunday night, and on Monday Ruchama plans the menu. On Tuesday, they make the shopping list, and on Wednesday morning, they shop together. That's how they keep each other in check: Avraham doesn't buy enough, Ruchama tends to overbuy. They do some prep work Thursday night, including whatever bread dough they're making to match the cuisine — along with vegan challah, using butternut squash purée in place of the eggs — and if the vegan dish requires the meat substitute seitan, Ruchama makes it in their slow-cooker. On Friday they are both cooking most of the day, though Avraham has to go out to check on the eruv.
They always seem to have enough, even if they need to bring out the emergency cans of stuffed grape leaves. “I don't think anyone has ever left hungry,” said Ruchama.
They recite the Shabbat blessings, but they don't sing traditional songs because the table is open to people of diverse backgrounds — non-Jews are welcome, too — and many guests may not know them.
The Burrells also have a “no politics” rule for discussions at the table, which came about after a guest years ago made a particularly offensive comment about nonobservant Jews. Because they want everyone to feel relaxed at their table, the couple has extended the rule to any topic that makes a guest uncomfortable. If a grad student is asked when their dissertation will be finished, or a single person is asked why they aren't in a relationship, they can simply say “politics” to end the line of questioning.
The Burrells host pretty much 52 weeks of the year, with only a few exceptions. One time when they hosted a Shabbat dinner at the shul, they learned that a guest had shown up to their empty house; they decided going forward that they would be home every week, or get another household to cover for them.
Rona Teitelman is their downstairs neighbor and another regular — and the one person whom Ruchama allows to assist in the kitchen.
“There are always interesting people, and when there are many regulars, it's like a big family of people who don't have their own family nearby,” Teitelman said. “As a working single mom, I used to feel guilty about not making my own Shabbat dinner.”
Teitelman recalled one night when Japan was the featured country, and Ruchama was hurriedly rolling sushi in the kitchen.
They got word that an observant guest from New York had asked if they could help. Ruchama's reply was, “Unless they want to roll sushi, forget it.” It turned out they were a sushi chef who led kosher sushi-making parties for Orthodox Jews in New York. They had never had such tightly rolled sushi, said Teitelman.
“They're such interesting people and have no shortage of stories about any number of things in their lives, but they are so deeply generous of spirit, probably more than anyone I know, and I know a lot of generous people,” said Teitelman. “It's so important to them that everyone should be able to have a place to go for a Shabbat meal. That level of openness is uncommon.”
“We have no idea how many guests we have had at our table, but we are grateful for each and every one and look forward to many more,” said Ruchama, who is being modest, considering that well over 10,000 people have walked through their doors.
“Some people make a fuss about ‘this must be expensive,' ” they said. But hosting Shabbat meals has become a way of life for the couple, who figure the costs into their budget.
“We don't take vacations. When our anniversary comes, we think maybe we'll go somewhere, but when I start thinking about it, what we really want to be doing is this.”
A few recent menus
England: Vegan challah (made with butternut squash instead of egg); garden salad with vegan buttermilk dressing; roast chicken with cranberry stuffing; vegan “handle wakes” (a casserole using seitan in place of chicken, with prunes, lemons, breadcrumbs and gravy, served at room temperature); English potato salad; vegan chocolate cake
Italy: Crusty Italian bread; anti-pasti (vegetables, olives, vegan salami); insalata mista (mixed bitter greens with oil, lemon juice and garlic); classic Italian roast chicken; seitan osso bucco; vegan butternut squash risotto; vegan tiramisu
Libya: Homemade flatbread; salad Arabieh (tomatoes, cucumber, radishes and sweet peppers); spiced mixed olives; Libyan almond chicken; vegan butternut squash and chickpea stew; brown rice; date cookies
Persia: Homemade pita; fresh spring herb platter with radishes, olives and walnuts; Persian vegetable salad (cucumber, tomato, mint, green onion and radishes with lime dressing); chelo (Persian-style basmati rice) chicken with ground walnuts and pomegranate syrup; seitan with walnuts and pomegranate syrup; vegan Persian Love Cake (flavored with rose water)
Is it time to kill the death penalty? American activists have opposed capital punishment since executions were reinstituted in 1976, but their case has possibly grown stronger than ever in light of recent events. Here are five major issues that may give even proponents of the death penalty pause:
1. It's Debatably Unconstitutional
The Eighth Amendment protects against cruel and unusual punishment, which many believe would include executions. This past month, Judge Cormac Carney in California concurred, declaring that capital punishment is “unconstitutional” in a verdict.
For the judge, the cruel and unusual punishment wasn't just killing inmates, it was the entire mismanaged system that only actually kills a small fraction of the prisoners sentenced to death, seemingly at random. Although the ruling is specific to California, considering that the flaws the judge found in capital punishment are fairly standard throughout the country, it's not difficult to imagine similar verdicts popping up in other states, as well.
2. Botched Executions
In April, an Oklahoma inmate ultimately died of a heart attack rather than a chemical cocktail after a botched lethal injection. Clayton Lockett suffered for about 43 minutes before they were ultimately declared dead.
It happened again just weeks ago in Arizona. Joseph Wood was left struggling to breathe for over an hour and a half when a lethal injection did not kill them nearly as quickly as it was intended. If executions are as humane as proponents like to claim, why have so many gone wrong as of late?
3. States Are Resorting to Shady Behavior to Ensure Executions Continue
The Louisiana Department of Corrections intentionally misled a local hospital to obtain drugs to use in a lethal injection execution. Hospital staff was under the impression that it was supplying hydromorphone to the state to treat inmates, not kill them. “Had we known of the real use, we never would have done it,” said Ulysses Thibodeaux, a board member for the hospital. Louisiana apparently has found this sort of deception necessary to execute inmates since medical companies have stopped selling certain lethal chemicals to prisons on ethical grounds.
4. Innocent Convicts Are Killed
Many people worry about the death penalty being applied to innocent people, and with good reason: DNA evidence has posthumously exonerated more than a dozen people who were put to death by the state. It's a scenario that continues to this day. Recently, new information has surfaced about Cameron Willingham, a man executed in Texas in 2004, suggesting they were innocent after all.
Willingham was convicted of setting a house on fire, a blaze that killed three sleeping children. Independent forensic experts have since suggested that the fire was not the result of arson, but an accident. Additionally, Johnny Webb, a convict who testified against Willingham (and subsequently received a reduced sentence from the prosecution), has since recanted their story that Willingham confessed the crime to him, despite their testimony being the key piece of evidence used to convict Willingham in the first place.
5. It's Racist
Capital punishment cannot be considered part of the “justice system” when it's assigned to Americans unevenly. African Americans comprise an outstanding 42% of death row inmates, even though African Americans account for just over 12% of the population overall.
The Atlantic did an in depth examination at the demographics of death row inmates, revealing a clear bias in the types of people who get sentenced with the stiffest of penalties. When juries are four times more likely to give the death penalty to a black man than a white man charged with the same crime as has historically been the case in Philadelphia, the system is flawed and unfair.
Do you ever get that feeling that's someone is watching you, or you are being followed? It freaks me out. Now, how do you feel when some random person has taken a photo of you?
Well, sometimes you can never be too sure about what the case is. But, what happens when the creep shots take cheap shots? Yep, a whole new level we are heading to.
What is a Creep Shot?
A creep shot is a photo taken directly of women in public by men.
Creep shots are focused on female's bodies that are clothed. These cheap shots are sexually suggestive rather than sexually explicit. Cheap shots are a slight variation of the technology-driven sexual cyber violence that we have all heard of like revenge porn, up skirting and unsolicited male pics.
As everyone wants to be innovative and ‘trending', new technologies like camera pens, Google Glass and shoe spy cameras has allowed more people to take photos, however, technology has made it easier for the cheap shots to capture their token creep shots. This is even going next level that there are cheap shot websites where men are assessing the calibre of the cheap shots with other creep shot men.
What is going on in the world? Good question, I am asking the same thing. There is really limited knowledge on why people do what they do. Although it did become apparent that the creep shots thought it was harmful and funny, good joke lads. Perhaps some of the creep shots feel it's their only way to fit and feel a part of a club – how about joining the golf club?
Help is Available
We have been noticing that other nations are trialling cyber harassment helpline. One of the initiatives hosted by Pakistan addresses the gaps women face when dealing with these pretty awkward situations. The helpline also offers a safe house for women to feel supported. The support staff have developed in-depth privacy which includes caller confidentiality and high-quality support service.
This ridiculous behaviour puts women in a vulnerable position and potentially put them at risk if they confront the creepers.
As for Australia, the Office of the eSafety Commissioner has put together some material called eSafety Women to assist them when they are feeling vulnerable or threatened by some creeper related activity. This initiative is to empower women to take control of their online experiences.
Please review the eSafety Women program here: https://www.esafety.gov.au/women
Stop creepin'!
CryptoAUSTRALIA thanks Rosie Williams for their valuable input that improved this article
Warning: This article contains details that might be a spoilery
Game Of Thrones snuck in a bit of comedy in the most recent episode (Picture: HBO)
Game Of Thrones season 6 has got off to a strong start.
First there was the massive shock return of that character, and now we might have a pretty great fart joke.
Viewers watching the third episode, called Oathbreaker, claim they heard one of the characters break wind in sheer terror.
It happened during a council meeting, which was interrupted by Cersei striding in with The Mountain and their brother Jaime.
The old Grand Maester Pycelle, who was speaking at the time of their entrance, turned around and is (seemingly) so terrified to see them that he, just, farts.
Old dude's fart was the best part of Game of Thrones last night pic.twitter.com/VnDjbBeZM3 — KFC (@KFCBarstool) May 9, 2016
There is debate over whether the noise was actually a bodily function or simply a sound issue, but apparently those watching with subtitles were able to confirm it was a fart noise.
Advertisement
Advertisement
We're not sure where this sudden burst of comic relief came from – but GOT fans seem to want more of it.
WE ALL HEARD THAT SQUEAKY FART DURING THE INNER COUNCIL SCENE ON GAME OF THRONES. WE ALL HEARD IT. — Amanda Dieli (@wompcity) May 9, 2016
#Game of thrones, Grand Maester Pycelle's fart wasn't in the spoilers! — Sebastian Cole (@SebastianCole_) May 9, 2016
OH MY GOD, MAESTER PYCELLE'S FART IN GAME OF THRONES THIS WEEK 😭 — Michael. (@cumkinggg) May 9, 2016
Did anyone else catch that fart in this GoT episode? What is happening to Game Of Thrones???? — diest (@MichaelvanDiest) May 9, 2016
Absolutely phenomenal fart joke on GAME OF THRONES tonight. Seriously A+ stuff. Probably the best thing that will happen all season. — Davis. (@realdaveimboden) May 9, 2016
SHOUT OUT TO GAME OF THRONES FOR THROWING IN THE FEAR FART — Chris Noland (@STIINES) May 9, 2016
Surprisingly, no one has thought up of a ‘Red Wedding'-style name for this moment. We're waiting…
Game Of Thrones airs tonight at 9pm on Sky Atlantic.
MORE: Game Of Thrones spoilers: Could this character be the true Three-Eyed Raven?
MORE: Spoilers: Game Of Thrones fans are freaking out over that Tower Of Joy cliffhanger
MORE: 9 things only people who HATE Game Of Thrones will understand
Hillary Clinton's latest attempt to hang with the cool kids on social media appears to have backfired.
In an effort to appeal to young voters and piggy-back off the roll-out of their $350 billion college affordability plan on Monday, the Democratic candidate for president's campaign asked the Twittersphere on Wednesday: “How does your student loan debt make you feel? Tell us in 3 emojis or fewer.”
How does your student loan debt make you feel? Tell us in 3 emojis or fewer. — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 12, 2015
College debt has been one of Clinton's signature issues for a long time – even dating back to their 2008 presidential campaign – and the tweet was likely meant to incite a earnest conversation with millennials that are struggling to pay back their loans.
While some users played along and tweeted back with three emojis, many of the messages ended up poking fun at the candidate for using cartoon images to talk about a serious issue:
@HillaryClinton Hillary your my gal, but just no — Nina Maria (@Nina_Miller22) August 12, 2015
@HillaryClinton How does finally handing over your server to federal investigators make you feel? Tell us in 3 emojis or fewer. — Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) August 12, 2015
@HillaryClinton We are putting zero dollars into the economy bc all of our savings go to our student loan debt. There are no emojis. — Jamie (@JamieLynnODell) August 12, 2015
@HillaryClinton 3 emojis can't begin to explain the pain of $200k in student loan debt. — Ian Tonks (@ianatonks) August 12, 2015
@HillaryClinton I'm a college grad 2 times. I'll use words. Great return on my investment. Investing in education is investing in yourself. — CervezaJen™ (@itsjenwbitches) August 13, 2015
@HillaryClinton This is like when your mom tries to be hip in front of your friends and totally fails at it. — Guillermo Cummings (@GuilleCummings) August 12, 2015
After all the replies, the candidate did answer back, with a sense of humor.
The Arnold Palmer Invitational embarks on its first outing since the passing of its legendary namesake this week – leaving the tournament without it's King.
In a week that will no doubt be enshrouded in emotion, it will be important for all involved in the event in Orlando to create a celebration of their legacy rather than a mourning of their passing. After all, that's what #ArnieWould have wanted.
Numerous players are paying tribute this week with images of Palmer's Umbrella logo on their clothing, clubs, balls and bags and a newly-installed bronze statue of the late King will now overlook the players on the first and 10th tees.
There has been much controversy over the number of players who have turned down the opportunity to play at the invite-only event and mark their respects with an appearance, with invitations only guaranteed for the top 70 from the previous year's money-list. With the event sitting between two World Golf Championships and the Masters it may be seen as too great a distraction for those opting out, including the likes of world-number-one Dustin Johnson, Jordan Spieth and Phil Mickelson.
Despite significant absentees, the field is very strong from the top this year with four of the world's top five playing at Bay Hill; the asupervisorstioned Johnson being the exception.
Jason Day enters as the defending champion after a one stroke victory over Kevin Chappell last time out following a superb up-and-down from the bunker on the 72nd hole to maintain their lead having already lost and regained it during the final round. The Australian would then go on to win the WGC-Dell Match Play the following week for a return to world-number-one.
Henrik Stenson has a second, tied third, tied fifth and tied 10th finish in their last four starts but has never managed a win here. Rory McIlroy has only made two starts and failed to make the top 10 at either attempt whilst Hideki Matsuyama, under the same number of appearances, does have a tied sixth finish last year to show for their presence.
Joining Jason Day as a returning past winner will be back-to-back successor – in 2014 and 2015 – Matt Every who rose to world number 40 with their 2015 win but now finds themselves down in 927th. Every did miss the cut in their title defense last year, though. Martin Laird (2011), Ernie Els (2010 and 1998), Vijay Singh (2007), Rod Pampling (2006) and Tim Herron (1999) complete the list of returning holders of the title.
There will be no appearance again for the tournament's most successful competitor, you guessed it, Tiger Woods; with eight wins, including four consecutive years from 2000 to 2003, Woods will be absent for the fourth year in a row and only their fifth year since 1996 as they continue to recover from injury.
This year marks the 52nd installation of the event which has run, under numerous names, since 1966; the Arnold Palmer Invitational naming was only adopted in 2007. Bay Hill Lodge and Club, hailed by its eventual owner Palmer as the best course in Florida, hosts again as it has every year since it took over from Rio Pinar Country Club in 1979. The course is a standard par 72 at just over 7400 yards with four par fives and four par threes apiece. The par fives are reachable and offer plenty of opportunities to gain a shot but a lot of the course's relative length comes from stretched par threes. The course set up is very similar to its Floridian counterparts Innisbrook Resort and Golf Club and PGA National which will be a promising sign for recent winners on said courses, Adam Hadwin and Rickie Fowler.
Winning scores over recent years here have been mid-to-high teens, ranging from 13-under to 19-under-par since 2012. However, most notably, the last three years, and seven of the last 11, have been decided by just a one shot winning margin suggesting a closely fought event should be expected again.
There's 500 FedExCup points on offer and a prize fund of $8.7million but, as is seemingly the case with all events at the moment, more significant reward comes from warm-up practice for the Masters.
Put golf aside, though. This week is a celebration of the life and legacy of golf's late King.
Advertisements
Fox has given a pilot order to The Asset, Josh Freidman's female-centered action drama, which had a put pilot commitment at the network. The project, from 20th Century Fox TV, is described as a character-driven drama set in the New York office of the CIA, which centers on a female agent. The premise evokes such series as ABC's Alias and USA Network's Covert Affairs. This is the third consecutive pilot for Friedman at Fox following Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, which went to series, and last year's Locke & Key. The order to Asset brings the number of drama pilots picked up by Fox to 3, including the Marc Guggenheim/Greg Berlanti legal drama Guilty and a serial killer drama by Kevin Williamson. That leaves 2 more available slots as the network is looking to order a total of 5 drama pilots this season.
No one should be shy about the need to love entrepreneurs, startups, big ideas, wanting to make a change, and striking out into the world to fill an identified hole.
There's a lot of risk involved in that. But risk and its subsequent reward can coexist with human decency. In fact, in the interest of long-term sustainability, it's absolutely necessary.
Ideas and innovations, plus initial capital, are amazing and transformative. However, the company culture that goes along with this truly does matter. If you get this wrong, you risk everything (like, really, everything). Our new world of social media and public, instantaneous judgment – for better or worse – has decided that.
A mission or purpose is necessary for a company, but proper company culture is important too.In other words, you can't found what the New York Times has dubbed a “bro co.” and expect to be unaccountable to customers, employees, and investors forever.
What is a bro co.? It's a startup that feels more like a frat than a business. A place where culture is as important as profits, where success is more important than sustainability, where ethics and morals are as spuriously followed as they are in any given group of young men suddenly handed tons of money via Kickstarter.
It's fairly easy to spot. You probably know a couple people personally involved in one. I do. But these companies seem cool and you can't quite pin what your feeling of uneasiness is based on, so you shrug it off and assume you're just being cynical.
But you're not, and as woke employees on the inside could tell you, you're correct.
You can identify a bro co. on its surface by its baseball hat-wearing execs who don't really know what they're doing but look good doing it, its jeans-and-screen-tee-wearing men (and don't forget the flip-flops) who seem to have known the execs since their first kegger, the lack of women other than the necessary token employee who's probably in charge of social media, the absence of old or minority employees, the borderline alcoholic tendencies of those employed, and the general feel of immaturity and harassment.
What's the Problem?
Okay, this seems a little sketch, but doesn't necessarily mean failure. So why not run a company this way?
A company founded to make as much money as possible, as quickly as possible, while drunk as possible, is unsustainable.Because eventually a company founded to make as much money as possible, as quickly as possible, while drunk as possible, will be unable to stagger on. Companies like these tend to flare up and die out quickly if the leadership is not replaced with more mature counterparts. They seem totally awesome when they're new, but eventually the unsustainable contracts, dubiously legal activity, high turnover rate, increasingly poor public image, and bad money management become too much, and the bro co. implodes in a cloud of hops and blame-gaming.
There are a lot of small bro cos. that failed before they really made it big (sometimes money runs out faster than you think). One of the biggest bro co. flare-ups just happened a couple months ago in the Bahamas: the infamous Fyre Festival. Rapper Ja Rule and their 25-year old business partner decided they wanted to do what all the cool kids were doing, aka throw a music festival filled with celebrities. With zero experience and apparently no knowledge of the existence of weather, their festival dissolved into total chaos as soon as its first guests arrived, and it only got worse with time.
But there's another big one now in the news: Uber.
The Uber Frat
First of all, employees “are asked to subscribe to 14 core values” – culture on par with business success.
In mid-February of 2017, public accusations of sexual harassment started coming out. Former employee Susan Fowler wrote about their year-long time at Uber and described being harassed by their manager, the resulting lack of HR action, and their experience with management's attempts to shush them because the manager was a “high performer.”
Over the course of their year at Uber, Fowler met other women in the company who said they had also been harassed, often by that same manager. There was no reaction to any of these instances except against the women themselves, and a few higher-ups – all with accusations against them – apparently leaving of their own volition.
When Fowler joined Uber, the employee demographic was 25% women. When they left, they calculated it to be 3%. For a company the size of Uber, that statistic barely makes sense even if the company is sexist in its hiring process.
Uber's dramatic management change could bring new life and culture to the company.In late February, Google sued Uber for stealing self-driving car technology. The very next day, one of Uber's self-driving cars ran a red light on a busy street. Uber's response was to blame human error, but that was before people knew the car was autonomous. Then, in early March we learned that Uber has been lying about their cars' sophistication – they can barely drive themselves a mile at a time before a person takes over. Whatever gets you ahead, right?
About a week later, video evidence of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick losing their temper at an Uber driver came out. In their public apology, Kalanick said it was their “first time admitting they were willing to admit they need leadership help.” Sounds like a teenager's ego. But perhaps this isn't surprising for Uber since another manager threatened to beat an employee to death with a baseball bat.
At the end of March, Uber's President had had enough, and quit. If at the time you thought, “That isn't a good sign,” you were right: Kalanick just resigned as CEO this week, just two months after their President left. Their investors had had enough of them and the bad press they were bringing to their company.
This is not to say that everything Uber does is bad, or that all its employees are unhappy or mistreating others. Uber got ridesharing off the ground like none other, opened the market to other companies, gave hundreds of thousands of drivers the opportunity to earn money, and helped countless people get from place to place, including me. And of course there's UberEats (which is arguably even better than Uber itself, because food). But Uber is an example of how the actions of higher-ups can make even an otherwise-well-working startup go wrong.
This dramatic management change could bring new life and culture to the company – and serve as an excellent example of how the market can adapt and improve.
Learn from (Their) Mistakes
One of the most underrated sayings is that you should learn from other people's mistakes.We've all heard that you should learn from your mistakes. One of the most underrated sayings is that you should learn from other people's.
If you're thinking of beginning a startup of your own, or if you already have one, learn from the ones that have failed. Look objectively at your bro friends and their startups. Look at that one bro's startup downtown that looks awesome yet vaguely unsustainable. Watch them and their employees to see if you detect “bro co” before investing in them or asking to follow their business model.
To be fair, some of these might succeed. Not all bros are necessarily bad at business. But learn what you can and be honest with how you act and how you want to run your own startup. As Uber so clearly demonstrates, it hurts you in the long run to lie about your business.
And maybe don't threaten your employees with a baseball bat.
And that $61 million in guaranteed money? It was a mirage. Much of that money was tied to an “injury guarantee” clause; it said that if Kaepernick was seriously injured in one season, and remained injured as of April 1 the next year, they would have to be paid their entire salary for that second year. That was certainly more protection than players had gotten in the past, but it was hardly a $61 million guarantee.
Why, you might be wondering, don't football players have the kind of financial protection against injury that baseball and basketball players have? The obvious answer is that the owners are fiercely opposed to it. Serious injuries are far more common in football than in baseball and basketball. Paying players who are hurt for more than one season would be expensive. In addition, the N.F.L. operates under a “hard” salary cap. Using part of the cap to pay injured players would make it difficult to field a roster of talented players.
And while marquee players operate from a position of strength, the average player doesn't have much leverage. The typical length of an N.F.L. career is less than four years, and most football players are surprisingly fungible. So few of them are willing to hold out for contract guarantees. They know what happened in 1987 when the players went on strike only to see the owners hire replacement players — and break the strike in less than a month. More than athletes in other sports, football players fear for their jobs. And the owners know it.
Which brings us back to Kaepernick. Observers of the 49ers will tell you that by the time they were benched in November 2015, the relationship between Kaepernick and the team's management had soured. Kaepernick felt they were being blamed for the team's decline — even though the coach who had transformed the team, Jim Harbaugh, had departed and the talent surrounding Kaepernick wasn't nearly what it had been just a few years earlier. The front office felt that their skills had declined so much — they were the league's 30th-ranked passer — that they no longer merited an elite quarterback's pay.
In late November, Kaepernick had shoulder surgery (which, because of their contract, cost them money because they were no longer suiting up for games). Two months later, they had operations on a thumb and a knee. And a month after that, they demanded a trade.
The 49ers shopped them around, and though a few teams were interested, they all wanted Kaepernick to take a pay cut, which they refused to do.
As the trade possibilities faded, speculation grew in the San Francisco news media that the team would cut him. But the 49ers couldn't cut Kaepernick. Before April 1, they were still recovering from football-related injuries, and under the collective bargaining agreement, teams can't cut players in that situation. And if they had cut them after April 1, they would have had to pay them their full 2016 salary.
Injustice 2 is developer NetherRealm's newest fighting game that takes the characters from DC Comics and puts them against each other. This title not only features a plethora of famous characters, but has each once fully voiced with a variety of different lines. Below is a list of the voice actors for Injustice 2 with the exception of premier skins or DLC characters. We have also included each specific hero or villain's first appearance along with some of their respective voice actor's work.
Here are the Injustice 2 voice actors:
Phil LaMarr – Aquaman
Aquaman was first introduced in More Fun Comics #73 (1941) and has since grown as one of DC Comics stable superheroes. Not only is they a capable fighter, but Aquaman is the King of the Seven Sea and can command all of the creatures within the ocean. Bringing them to life is actor Phil LaMarr who is known for a wide variety of roles and voiceover work. Some of their most noteworthy performances include Samurai Jack (Samurai Jack), Bail Organa (Star Wars: Rebels), Ollie Williams (Family Guy), and Baxter Stockman (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles). They also voiced Aquaman in the original Injustice and portrayed Marvin in the crime drama Pulp Fiction.
Ike Amandi – Atrocitus
Taking command of a major Green Lantern villain from Injustice 2 is a veteran of the voice acting industry who has portrayed in a large number of noteworthy games. Atrocitus is a member of the Red Lantern Corps who made their first appearance in Green Lantern Vol. 4 #25 (2007). Amandi has appeared in a number of video games including Mass Effect: Andromeda, Prey, Halo 5: Guardians, Final Fantasy XV, and Diablo III: Reaper of Souls.
Fred Tatasciore – Bane/Swamp Thing
Tasked with bringing the man who “Broke the Bat” and the terrifying monster Swamp Thing is voice acting veteran Fred Tatasciore. Bane's original comic book appearance was in Batman: Vengeance of Bane #1 (1993) and Swamp Thing's was way back in 1971 with House of Secrets #92. Tatasciore has worked on a number of prominent video games such as Final Fantasy XV, Titanfall 2, Mafia III, and Skylanders: Imaginators. However, one of their most prominent roles is as Soldier 76 in the hit multiplayer FPS (First-Person Shooter) Overwatch.
Kevin Conroy – Batman
There have been dozens of incarnations and adaptations of the famed comic book character Batman, but actor Kevin Conroy is by far the most noteworthy. They have portrayed Batman since Batman: The Animated Series back in 1992 and has since appeared in almost every DC animated movie as The Dark Knight. Conroy has also worked on major video games such as the Batman: Arkham series, Injustice: Gods Among Us, and Infinite Crisis. Batman first exploded onto the scene in Detective Comics #27 (1939) and has since become one of the most famous pop culture icons of all time.
Joey Nabar – Black Adam
Joey Nabar is a successful actor who has appeared on a number of different television shows including Containment, Shameless, Once Upon a Time in Wonderland, Army Wives, and Call of Duty Advanced Warfare. In Injustice 2 they are tasked with bringing the powerful villain Black Adam to life who first appeared Marvel Family #1. While they were in the original Injustice title, Black Adam appears to have a more prominent role this time around.
Vanessa Marshall – Black Canary
Black Canary is a powerful superhero who uses sonic waves to decimate their opponents from both up close and afar. Voicing this character is actor Vanessa Marshall, who has worked on a number of notable animated television shows. You can hear them as Hera (Star Wars: Rebels), Gamora (Guardians of the Galaxy), Toothpick Sally (Regular Show in Space), and Black Canary (Young Justice). This hero's first appearance was in Flash Comics #86 (1947) and has since exploded as one of DC's most popular female characters.
Antony Del Rio – Blue Beetle
Perhaps one of the lesser known characters in this fight game, Blue Beetle first appeared Mystery Men Comics #1 (1939). The voice behind this superhero is Antony Del Rio who has worked on a number of popular video games such as Lego Marvel's Avengers, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, Fire Emblem: Fates, and Halo 5: Guardians. Their most notable role is as Pit and Dark Pit in Nintendo's Kid Icarus: Uprising.
Jeffrey Combs – Brainiac
The main villain of Injustice 2 is Brainiac, a powerful android who first appeared Action Comics #242 (1958) and has remained one of DC Comics most prominent villains. Combs has lent their voice to characters such as Ratchet (Transformers Prime), Rat King (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles), and Samuel Sterns (The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes). He's also appeared in a number of older horror films like Re-Animator, The Frighteners, and From Beyond.
C. Thomas Howell – Captain Cold
The leader of the villain group The Rogues and prominent villain to The Flash, Captain Cold can be first seen in Showcase #8 (1957).  They are voiced by actor C. Thomas Howell who has portrayed Tyler (E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial), Professor Zoom (Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox), Paul (Animal Kingdom), and Robert (Red Dawn).
Grey Griffin – Catwoman
Catwoman is one of the most famous anti-heroes in all pop culture thanks to their uneven relationship with Batman, a predilection for stealing valuable items, and willingness to kill. They first appeared in Batman #1 (1940) and has since appeared in multiple live action movies, video games, television shows, and comic series. Them voice actor is the legendary Grey Griffin who's best known for their roles as Mandy (The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy), Frankie (Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends), the High Priestess (Samurai Jack), and Vicky (The Fairly OddParents). Griffin has also portrayed a variety of comic book characters like Captain Marvel (Guardians of the Galaxy), Wonder Woman (DC Super Hero Girls), and Catwoman in developer Rocksteady's Batman: Arkham City.
Erica Luttrell – Cheetah
First introduced in Wonder Woman #6 (1943), Cheetah is one of Wonder Woman's biggest reoccurring villains and is a newcomer to the Injustice series. Voice actor Erica Luttrell as worked on a number of large television shows and video games, but their biggest role is as Sapphire from Steven Universe. They also portrayed Empress Emily Kaldwin I in Dishonored 2 and the Witch Doctor in Diablo III.
Khary Payton – Cyborg
Former Teen Titan and now Justice League member, Cyborg's first appearance was in DC Comics Presents #26 back in 1980.  They are voiced by none other than The Walking Dead's own Khary Payton, who's taken the show by storm as the character Ezekiel. However, Payton has also worked on a number of television shows such as The Lion Guard, Transformers: Robots in Disguise, and Hand of God. He's also portrayed Cyborg in virtually every adaptation of Teen Titans, including the original 2003 show and its current iteration Teen Titans Go!
Matthew Mercer – Deadshot
Mr. High Noon himself, Matthew Mercer is responsible for voicing the cold and calculating assassin Deadshot. Mercer has lent their talent to a variety of different video game characters like McCree (Overwatch), Leon Kennedy (Resident Evil 6), Jack Cooper (Titanfall 2), Yusuke Kitagawa (Persona 5), and Spyro (Skylanders: Imaginators). He's also the voice of Levi (Attack on Titan), Jotaro Kujo (JoJo's Bizarre Adventure), and Leorio Paladiknight (Hunter x Hunter). Deadshot first blasted their way onto the comic book scene with Batman #59 (1950) and was recently portrayed by Will Smith in DC's live action film Suicide Squad.
David Sobolov – Dr. Fate
Portraying the mystical Dr. Fate, David Sobolov has brought a number of classic characters to life in both animated and live-action television shows. This includes their work as Gorilla Grodd in CW's The Flash, Drax the Destroyer in the Guardians of the Galaxy television series, and Shockwave in Transformers Prime. Dr. Fate's first appearance was in More Fun Comics #55 (1940) and Injustice 2 marks one of their first major appearances in a video game.
Ogie Banks – Firestorm
Firestorm is one of DC's most interesting heroes as the character itself is actually made up of two individuals that fuse together. While their first comic book appearances was in Nuclear Man No. 1 (1978), Firestorm has risen to prominence thanks to their reoccurring involvement in CW's The Flash. Ogie Banks is the voice actor for Injustice 2's Firestorm and some of their work includes Ultimate Spider-Man, Superman vs The Elite, NFL Rush Zone, and Naruto: Shippûden
Taliesin Jaffe – The Flash
Taking the helm of the legendary Scarlett Speedster is Taliesin Jaffe, who is a video game and television actor. Jaffe has appeared in numerous titles including Fire Emblem Heroes, Final Fantasy XV, Fallout 4, Pillars of Eternity, and Street Fighter IV. The Flash is one of DC's biggest heroes and first raced their way onto the comic scene in 1940 via The Flash #1. Since then they have become a household name that has acquired their own hit television show and upcoming live action movie.
Charles Halford – Gorilla Grodd
Gorilla Grodd is one of the oddest villains in the DC Universe, as this telepathic gorilla made a name for themselves after their first appearance in The Flash #106 (1959). Bringing this antagonist to life is actor Charles Halford who has had a success on-screen and off-screen career as a variety of different characters. Some of their roles include Chas Chandler (Constantine), Reggie Ledoux (True Detective), Lonnie (The Walking Dead: The Game- Season 3), and Konstantin (Tomb Raider).
Alan Tudyk – Green Arrow
The biggest name in Injustice 2, actor Alan Tudyk is charged with voicing the charismatic archer Green Arrow. This famed comic hero first appeared in More Fun Comics #73 (1941) and has grown to be one of the largest names that DC has to offer. Tudyk has worked on a plethora of popular movies and television shows with some of their most notable roles being K-2S0 (Rogue One), Sonny (I, Robot), Hoban (Firefly), Heihei (Moana), and Duke (Frozen). They have also portrayed the Green Arrow before in the television series Young Justice which aired back in 2010.
Steve Blum – Green Lantern
Green Lantern is one of the premiere DC superheroes and is voiced by actor Steve Blum in Injustice 2. Blum has worked on a number of different video games including Prey, Batman: Arkham City, and Final Fantasy XV. They have also voiced a number of characters like Starscream (Transformers: Robots in Disguise), Zeb (Star Wars Rebels), Orochimaru (Naruto: Shippûden), and Mr. Nash (Tenkai Knights). All-American Comics #16 (1940) is the first comic book that Green Lantern has appeared in and since then they have acquired their own live action movie, animated television show, and various comic book series.
Tara Strong – Harley Quinn
Unlike every other character in Injustice 2, Harley Quinn was actually first introduced in an episode of Batman: The Animated series and not a comic. Since their reveal in 1992, they have grown to a near iconic status and has appeared in a number of animated television shows, video games, and even a live action movie. Portraying them is the equally legendary Tara Strong whose list of characters includesTwilight Sparkle (My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic), Timmy Turner (The Fairly OddParents), Bubbles (The Powerpuff Girls), and Raven (Teen Titans). They also portrayed Harley Quinn in the Batman Arkham series and Batgirl in Batman: The Killing Joke.
Richard Epcar – The Joker
Richard Epcar is a voice acting veteran of the video game industry who has worked on a number of popular titles both new and old. Some of their work includes Persona 5's Principal, Street Fighter V's Akuma, Mafia III's Judge Cornelius Holden, and Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue's Terra-Xehanort. He's also worked on a number of television shows such as Mobile Suit Gundam: Iron-Blooded Orphans, DC Super Friends, and Gormiti. Epcar is voicing Injustice 2's version of The Joker, who made their first appearances in Batman #1 (1940).
Tasia Valenza – Poison Ivy
Poison Ivy has been one of Batman's most famous villains since they first arrived in 1966 via Batman #181. Lending this femme fatale life is actor Tasia Valenza who has portrayed this character before in the Batman: Arkham video game series. They have also worked video games such as Star Wars: Demolition, Wildstar, Infinite Crisis, and The Evil Within.
Scott Porter – Robin
Scott Porter is a successful television, film, and video game actor who has appeared in a large number of prominent titles. Some of their most notable roles are Donald (Outlast 2), Rex Racer (Speed Racer), Randy (Dear John), Star-Lord (Guardians of Galaxy: The Telltale Series), and Jason Street (Friday Night Lights). Robin, aka Damian Wayne, is the biological son of Bruce Wayne and made their first appearance Batman: Son of the Demon (1987).
Robert Englund – Scarecrow
The master of fright himself, actor Robert Englund is the voice behind Gotham City's most terrifying villain, Scarecrow. Englund's most famous role is undoubtedly A Nightmare on Elm Street's Freddy Kruger, however, they have had a rather successful career performing in other television shows, video games, and movies. As for Scarecrow, their first appearance was way back in World's Finest Comics #3 (1941) and since then they have grown as one of Batman's most famous villains. They have been portrayed in everything from video games to big budget, live action movies.
Luara Bailey – Supergirl
One of Injustice 2's title characters, Supergirl first appeared in Superman #123 (1958) and is voiced by actor Luara Bailey. Bailey has worked on numerous video games and television series with some of their biggest roles being Kait Diaz (Gears of War 4), Nadine Ross (Uncharted 4), Fetch (Infamous Second Sun), Black Widow (Avengers Assemble), and Olympia Vale (Halo 5: Guardians).
George Newbern – Superman
Superman is perhaps the single biggest superhero of all time and they are being brought to life by actor Geroge Newbern. While they are known for voicing Superman in the Justice League animated show, some of their other characters include Charlie (Shameless), Bryan MacKenzie (Father of the Bride), Scottie Andrews (Granite Flats), and Dr. Curtis Ryerson (Nip/Tuck). Superman first arrived in Action Comics #1 (1938) and has since appeared in numerous films, television shows, and video games
Susan Eisenberg – Wonder Woman
Susan Eisenberg is a talented actor that portrayed Wonder Woman on the animated television show Justice League back in 2001. They have also worked on a number of video games including Skylanders: SuperChargers, Destiny, Mass Effect 3, and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Wonder Woman made their first comic book appearances in 1941 via All Star Comics #8 and is receiving their first big live action movie at the end on May 25.
We seem to be piggybacking off of each other here around Green Options lately – reading each other's posts and writing new posts based on them. I just finished reading the post that Adam Williams wrote earlier today, World Naked Bike Ride: Is Anything Gained by Protesting Oil Dependency in the Buff?, and in the post they mention that Last week ExxonMobil reported a record-setting $11.7B in second-quarter profits. These profits were gained, of course, at a time when Americans are paying more for gas at the pumps than they ever have in the past.
Their post reminded me of something else I read earlier today, something else that had to do with ExxonMobil last week. On August 1, 40 local Dallas area high school students graduated from the 27th Annual ExxonMobil Green Team program. According to ExxonMobil's website,
The ExxonMobil Green Team Program is a summer youth employment program where students are paid to participate in cleanup, environmental and beautification projects, as well as construction projects in public parks and economically depressed neighborhoods throughout the United States.
Dallas isn't the only place ExxonMobil sponsors this program. It's currently run in 9 U.S. cities. Students not only participate in environmental activities but they also work on basic academic skills in reading, math and writing and are taught the importance of education.
I love programs like this. Education is one of the keys for youth in economically depressed communities to rise above what many expect from them. And programs like these are not cheap to run. It takes a lot of money to pull something like this together. ExxonMobil works through non-profits and volunteer organizations in the individual cities to make the program happen. In Dallas alone, the oil company has donated 6.1 million dollars for The Green Team program since 1981.
I'm also torn by programs like this. I wonder, are they like the “smoking is bad for you – don't do it” campaigns that the tobacco companies are required to provide to youth which are pretty much a joke? Or do they come out of a genuine concern for trying to find solutions to our environmental woes and trying to help youth at the same time?
ExxonMobile claims its concerned about the environment, but the majority of their profits come from a product that harms the environment. It's a product that I use a lot less of than I used to, but still use it probably more than I need to. And here, I'm torn, too. Should I be outraged by the profits that this company is earning? If consumers (and I'm one of them) bought less of their product, their profits would be a lot less. In a way, I'm contributing to what many see as a problem.
I'm left with a lot of questions and uncertainties this morning mulling around in my head and no definitive answers. That's not unusual for me. It often takes me a long time to work these things through. For the next few days I'll be wondering, “Can big oil companies also do good?” But there is one thing I don't need to work through. I'm going to be happy for these 40 Dallas area students who had the opportunity to go through this program no matter who funded them.
They came in contact with adults who care about them and their future. They got an education that they can't get in the public school classroom – an education that may have changed their lives for the better. Perhaps one of them caught the environmentalism bug and will end up studying it in college and go on to find the perfect solution for our energy problems. Who knows?
Image from ExxonMobile
Read more:
My Date with the Giant: ExxonMobile Responds to Global Warming Report and Allegations
Poll: Most American's Don't Think More Drilling Will Lower Gas Prices
"The balanced budget predicted for 2017-18 is well and truly toast." A new Deloitte report predicts the deficit will be $5 billion worse this year than projected in the government's May budget. The deficit is then likely to be $10.1 billion bigger than projected in 2015-16, and $11 billion and $9.6 billion bigger than projected in 2016-17 and 2017-18 respectively. That will push the estimated total budget deficit to $35.7 billion over the next four years.
The budget deficit is set to worsen, analysis shows. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen The warning comes just days after the Parliamentary Budget Office issued its own warning of the government's likely budget deficit. Last week the PBO published an analysis of the "sensitivity" of three main drivers of the Australian economy – labour productivity growth, the labour force participation rate, and the terms of trade – and found government revenues could fall by $32.4 billion by 2024-25 if labour productivity grows by less than the annual average rate over the next 10 years while government revenues could fall by $10 billion by 2024-25 if world mining commodity prices fall a further 35 per cent. Last month analysis from consultancy group Macroeconomics predicted that deteriorating iron ore prices had knocked a $51 billion hole in Treasurer Joe Hockey's first budget. The Deloitte Access report, published on Monday, shows Australia's weak economy is seriously starting to drag on the budget.
The reasons for the hit to the budget are manifold. Income taxes and profit taxes are falling heavily, the senate is blocking big savings measures, the huge fall in the price of iron ore in recent months has hit government revenues hard, and the government's commitment to the war against the terrorist group Islamic State in Iraq is adding to the budgetary mountain. Treasurer Joe Hockey is expected to update their budget in the next two weeks and budget update – called the Mid-Year Fiscal and Economic Outlook (MYEFO) – will have to take account of these developments. Mr Hockey will have to come to grips with the big falls in income taxes and profit taxes. The Deloitte report shows weak jobs growth and flat-lining wages growth mean total income taxes on individuals will fall short of budget estimates by $2.9 billion this year alone.
Company taxes, superannuation taxes, and resource rent taxes are set to drag down the tax take by another $1.9 billion this year. One bit of good news is that low interest rates are helping to boost GST revenues via a healthy pick-up in housing renovation and construction. That means the tax take from 'spending taxes' will be $2.7 billion better than expected this year, and $2.6 billion better than expected in 2015-16. But the GST "outperformance" will be passed to the states, so the federal government will get to hang on to less than half the dividend from the GST rise. "Since the budget, Australian policy has barely budged," Mr Richardson says in their report.
"Many measures didn't make it through the senate. Other clearly won't. And at the same time the government has announced new money to support its key priorities, as well as to respond to ongoing national security development and to do deals with the Senate so as to pass a slowly rising proportion of its policy program." All up, these new policy costs since budget night in May will add to spending by $2.5 billion in 2014-15 and by $2.9 billion in 2015-16. "That says red ink will once again be the new black when it comes time to update the bottom line in MYEFO," the report warns. "That is mostly due to revenue woes, with the heavy hitters of income tax and company tax both showing a new round of major write-downs." "Yet this time the bad news will also be coming on the spending side too, as national security fears combine with deals done in the senate to undo a bunch of the heavy lifting in terms of the cuts to projected spending in the May budget."
Regular readers will be aware that I believe that American government debt (and by extension, cash) is in a once-in-a-century bubble.
A recent article from Bloomberg typified this ongoing (and quite hilarious) insanity:
The biggest bond gains in almost a decade have pushed returns on Treasuries above stocks over the past 30 years, the first time that's happened since before the Civil War.
Fixed-income investments advanced 6.25 percent this year, almost triple the 2.18 percent rise in the Standard & Poor's 500 Index through last week, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch indexes. Debt markets are on track to return 7.63 percent this year, the most since 2002, the data show. Long-term government bonds have gained 11.5 percent a year on average over the past three decades, beating the 10.8 percent increase in the S&P 500, said Jim Bianco, president of Bianco Research in Chicago. The combination of a core U.S. inflation rate that has averaged 1.5 percent this year, the Federal Reserve's decision to keep its target interest rate for overnight loans between banks near zero through 2013, slower economic growth and the highest savings rate since the global credit crisis have made bonds the best assets to own this year. Not only have bonds knocked stocks from their perch as the dominant long-term investment, their returns proved everyone from Bill Gross to Meredith Whitney and Nassim Nicholas Taleb wrong.
When will the bond bubble end? It will end when the people and governments of the world tire of giving their pound of flesh to creditors. Creditors and debtors have fundamentally hostile interests — debtors want to take money without paying it back, and creditors want to take value without getting their hands dirty. A history of the world (the decline of Rome, the decline of Britain, the decline of America) is in some ways a history of hostility between creditors and debtors.
This hostility has been tempered (and conflict delayed) since the Keynesian revolution, by mass money printing. Everyone (except savers) wins — creditors get their pound of flesh (devalued by money printing), and debtors get the value of their debt cut by persistent inflation.
But there is an unwanted side-effect. Debt mounts & mounts:
And eventually, debt repayment means that “kicking the can” becomes “kicking a giant mountain of debt” — a very painful experience that necessitates either painful austerity, or huge money printing — neither of which encourage savings, or investment.
Europe, on the other hand, has decided to skip the can-kicking (“price stability, ja?“) and jump straight to the cataclysm of crushing austerity for debtor nations. Unsurprisingly, Greeks don't like being told what they can and cannot spend money on. Surprisingly, the Greek establishment have decided to give the Greek people (debtors) a referendum on that pound of flesh Greece's creditors (the global banking system) are so hungry for. Default — and systemic collapse — seems inevitable.
(UPDATE: Greece, of course, has undergone a Euro-coup and is now firmly under the control of pro-European technocrats — creditors will get their pound of flesh, and Greece will get austerity)
Some would say Europe has forgotten the lessons of Keynes — print money, kick the can, hope for the best. But really, the Europeans have just hastened the inevitable endgame every debtor nation faces. With a mountain of external debt crushing organic growth the fundamental choice is default, or default-by-debasement. That's it.
And that is why, however elegantly America massages its problems, American government bonds are in a humungous bubble.
Ofcom to launch single helpline service for users to report power failures and safety concerns in April 2016
Power cut? Dial 105 wherever you are in the UK
Anyone caught in a power cut will be able to dial 105 to get help and advice from April 2016, the telephone regulator, Ofcom, has announced.
A new service being developed by the energy industry will provide a single helpline number for householders anywhere in Britain to report a power cut or safety concern or get information during a blackout.
Currently, consumers are supposed to contact their local electricity network operator if there is a problem. However many do not realise and contact their energy firm instead, or do not readily know the 11-digit contact number for the local operator.
Ofcom said because electricity was regarded in UK law as one of the “essentials of life”, and because potential callers could be stuck in the dark, it was appropriate for the service to have an easy-to-remember three-digit number.
The helpline will connect callers, wherever they are based, to the appropriate network operator.
Only numbers that begin 10- or 11- can be designated as three-digit numbers for new services.
Some are already in use, such as 101 for non-emergency calls to the police and the NHS's 111 number. A further 13 three-digit numbers are now available for future allocation.
During the severe storms that affected the UK in the winter of 2013, electricity supplies to 750,000 homes were disrupted, and in December 2013, 800,000 calls were made about the problems.
Jonathan Oxley, Ofcom's group competition director, said: “The new helpline will provide clear value to members of the public, often in difficult and stressful situations where it may be hard for a caller to look up a long number.
“Three-digit numbers are memorable and quick to dial, and we are pleased to make available the new number, 105.”
Dove soap has apologised after releasing a series of "racist" images that appeared to show a black woman turning into a white person.
The Facebook advertising campaign used a series of three images, showing a black woman peeling off their T-shirt to reveal a white woman underneath their skin.
A third image shows the white woman undressing to reveal an Asian woman.
"We deeply regret the offense it caused," the brand tweeted.
The Facebook video has now been removed, but Nay the mua, an American makeup artist, saw the photos come up on their feed and shared them with my followers.
"So I'm scrolling through Facebook and this is the #dove ad that comes up.... ok so what am I looking at," they wrote in their photo's caption.
It's sparked a lot of debate on social media with some people accusing the brand of racism and whitewashing.
While others in the comments beneath Nay's post were quick to point out they thought the brand was trying to say the soap could be used by all races.
"I think they meant it's for all skin types... it went from black to white to another race," said one Facebook user.
"The third woman is definitely not white but this was a bad deliverance of the message that all can use the soap," posted another.
And in some cases the new campaign has even led to people highlighting controversial moments in the brand's past.
In 2011, Dove was accused of racism for using a before and after image that appeared to place three women on a colour gradient, with the lightest woman suggested as the end result.
And back in 2015, Dove was at the centre of controversy after it released a summer glow cream advertised for use on "normal to dark skin."
Dove added later in a statement: "This did not represent the diversity of real beauty which is something Dove is passionate about and is core to our beliefs, and it should not have happened.
"We have removed the post and have not published any other related content. We apologise deeply and sincerely for the offence that it has caused."
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., repeated President Donald Trump's criticism of the diversity visa program, claiming that the program is "plagued by fraud."
An Oct. 31 terrorist attack in New York City resulted in eight deaths and about a dozen injuries. Trump said the suspect came to the United States through the diversity visa program and called for its termination.
"[email protected] is right, the Diversity Visa Lottery is a problem and is plagued by fraud. The RAISE Act would eliminate it. #gapol," Perdue tweeted Nov. 1.
.@realDonaldTrump is right, the Diversity Visa Lottery is a problem and is plagued by fraud. The RAISE Act would eliminate it. #gapol pic.twitter.com/7WdZVaTosu — David Perdue (@sendavidperdue) November 1, 2017
Perdue co-sponsored the Reforming American Immigration for a Strong Economy (RAISE) Act, seeking to reduce legal immigration to the United States and to eliminate the diversity visa program, which allows up to 50,000 immigrants per year.
We wanted to know the accuracy of Perdue's fraud claim and found that government reports and officials have identified fraud as an issue in the program. The State Department said it did not have data to determine how widespread the problem is, and experts told us they were unaware of quantitative estimates.
Diversity visa program, fraud and scams
The diversity visa program, administered by the State Department, was created in 1990 through a bill signed into law by former President George H. W. Bush.
The program is intended to diversify the U.S. immigrant population, granting up to 50,000 visas annually to individuals from countries that in the previous five years had low rates of immigration to the United States. A lottery system that began in 1995 allows individuals to enter for a chance to apply for a visa.
Fraud in the diversity visa program has been a concern for years among lawmakers and government officials. Reports of fraud have even led government agencies to post warnings about scammers' attempt to deceive applicants.
But the State Department told us it did not have data on how widespread fraud is in the program, or what percentage of applications or lottery entries per year are believed to be fraudulent. There are "extensive programs to vigorously prevent and combat U.S. passport and visa fraud" and the department investigates all fraud allegations, said Noel Clay, State Department spokesperson.
A 2007 U.S. Government and Accountability report said the program was "vulnerable to fraud committed by and against (diversity visa) applicants" and that the State Department had not compiled comprehensive data on detected and suspected fraudulent activity.
Consular officers reported that in countries such as Bangladesh, Ethiopia, Ghana, Nepal, Nigeria, and Ukraine, applicants lacked access to computers or were not internet savvy, therefore sought help from "visa agents" or "visa consultants." Some providers took advantage of applicants by disseminating misleading information, intercepting official correspondence, and charging exorbitant fees for each step in the process, the 2007 report said.
In Bangladesh, some agents used their own address on entry forms so that program notification letters would go to them instead of the person in the entry, and in some cases "held these letters for up to $20,000 in ransom" or offered to reduce the fee if the selectee entered into a sham marriage and added the spouse to the application, the report said.
A September 2013 report from the State Department's Office of Inspector General said there was a "pervasive and sophisticated fraud scheme" affecting the program in Ukraine.
Organized fraud rings in Ukraine masquerading as travel agencies buy, steal or obtain from public sources information on Ukrainian citizens and enter their data into the program's online entry form. The fraud rings contact individuals who win the lottery and demand $15,000 in exchange for a confirmation number sent by the State Department that's needed to proceed with the visa application. If the person can't pay, fraud rings seek to enter that person in a sham marriage with someone else who wants to come to the United States and is willing to pay the fraud rings a fee for the pairing, the report said.
"There is no question that fraud is rampant in the diversity visa lottery program," said Jessica M. Vaughan, director of policy studies at Center for Immigration Studies, which favors low-immigration levels.
Vaughan said there's "massive document fraud" that's difficult for consular officers to detect — where people apply first and later produce required information, such as education or work experience documentation.
Vaughan and Jan C. Ting, a law professor at the Temple University Beasley School of Law in Philadelphia, told us they were unaware of quantitative estimates of the amount of fraud in the program.
"It is very likely that people have obtained diversity visas through fraud and successfully immigrated to the U.S. and become citizens because of their fraud," said Ting, who in 2004 testified before a House committee in objection to the program.
Charles D. Piot, an anthropologist and professor at Duke University, says there was a lot of gaming of the system when it was first instituted, but technology added to the process now makes it unlikely for a type of fraud where an applicant is substituted by another person.
"It's important to emphasize that today it's impossible for applicants to sell their or their identity, to swap out that identity, because of the biometrics," said Piot, who has done research on Togolese who came to the United States via the visa lottery.
Our ruling
Perdue said the diversity visa program is "plagued by fraud."
The State Department did not provide data on how widespread fraud is within the program, but fraud issues have been documented for many years. Some of the fraud involves organized groups entering individuals into the lottery without their consent and then extracting money from them in exchange for a confirmation number needed for the visa application process. Technology helps prevent the type of fraud where a person would take the place of the original applicant.
We rate Perdue's claim Mostly True.
Photo: LACEY TERRELL/HBO
“‘After You've Gone' felt like a slow march to the end,” wrote Vulture recapper Kenny Herzog. This week's episode was all about setting the stage for next week's finale, with Hart and Cohle reuniting and beginning to tie up loose ends, the possible reveal of our “green-eared spaghetti monster,” and Cohle reenacting the plot of Captain Philips on a riverboat (“I'm the captain now”). This week, critics and recappers speculated on the outcome of the case and pondered what various endings could mean for the show's legacy as a whole. Some were disappointed at the lack of visible scarring on the lawnmower guy, while others were just happy to see the old band back together. Your recap of the recaps:
“Scars and their size aside, what do you think about this man, seemingly a major bad guy—though not the Yellow King—being revealed at the end of this episode (sounding, by the way, like a menacing Forrest Gump), instead of in the next one? I like it. There's only one episode left, which hardly feels like enough time, and I suspect the meat of the finale will be figuring out the scope of what now seems to be a very old, large, murder cult, and whether or not Rust or (really) Marty has any direct connection to it. Which is all more interesting to me than tracking down the one guy with scars on their face.” —Slate
“People have compared the show to other great serial killer dramas, but this episode, or at least the sustainedly great first half, in which Cohle takes Hart to their storage locker and briefs them about the case, reminded me of L.A. Confidential. In both ‘After You've Gone' and Curtis Hanson's brilliant 1997 film noir, you had two completely different cops who decided to work a case together again, after mutual antagonism. You even had a scene with two cops talking about why they did or didn't decide to commit to the job, which reminded me of a great scene between Kevin Space and Guy Pearce in L.A. Confidential.” —The New Republic
“In ‘After You've Gone,' all internal conflicts and character idiosyncrasies that embossed the show's scaffolding are now virtually gone, scrubbed away by time and the narrative's need close the loop. All that remains are a pure genre reduction and a more meaningful show title. I don't mean to suggest that Pizzolatto abandoned the integrity of their creation in order to deliver a more by-the-numbers suspense thriller, but they may mean to say that we prefer our detectives unencumbered by family, bureaucracy or love. Rust and Marty had to burn away the ornamentation associated with a well-rounded life if they ever hoped to solve the Dora Lange murder.” —Wall Street Journal
“This episode also seemingly put a nail in the lingering question of whether True Detective glamorizes its characters. You'd be hard-pressed to find either Rust's or Marty's 2012 lifestyle very enticing. They occupy their days with long work hours, and then drink or surf the Internet until they fall asleep. True detectives — they're just like us! Rust, of course, is still fixated on the murders and surrounds themselves with the evidential detritus from the case. Their storage locker central hangout could be a lot less creepy. Hanging papers up everywhere is par for the course, but spray-painting ‘SCARS,' ‘CARCOSA,' and ‘THE YELLOW KING' on the wall in huge letters is maybe slight overkill.” —Grantland
“It's worth noting that however bad their scars might be, they're hardly tentacles. I'm not a betting man, but it seems likely that when Cohle, Hart, Papagania, and Gilbough all reach their final destination in the season finale, neither Cthulhu nor any other supernatural entity will be present. Perhaps the Tuttles and Ledouxes simply latched on to a convenient fiction, a fantastical vision that fueled their cruelty — like Charles Manson finding incitements to race war in the White Album, or Jeffrey Dahmer building an altar of body parts in hopes that they could gain the powers of the Emperor from Return of the Jedi. If the furious drive to “solve” True Detective before its final hour is unveiled tells us anything, it's that the stories we tell ourselves are often just as powerful as the reality. Hell, a few twitter back-and-forths about a pan I wrote, combined with evocative but likely meaningless coincidences like this one, and my brain concocted a double-feature of symbolic violence in this show's honor.” —Rolling Stone
“With Pizzolatto describing the last two episodes of ‘True Detective' as the third act of their saga, much of ‘After You've Gone' plays like a table setting for the finale, but still, an undeniably riveting one. What's in store for the last hour of the series we're not going to guess, but Martin's visit to Maggie — for the first time in two years — indicates he's expecting to perhaps not come out of it alive. Their visit is so out of sorts that Maggie asks them pointedly if he's trying to say their final goodbye to her, and their visit to Rust out of concern for their ex-husband seems small, but crucial. ‘My whole life is one expanding, circular fuck up,' Rust tells Martin. Let's just hope that when that circle comes back around, they both survive.” —Playlist
“Some people had theorized that in an extravagant climactic twist, the Yellow King would turn out to be Marty, and while there are some intriguing visual red herrings to suggest that outcome, it now seems highly implausible that either detective, for all their flaws, is involved in covering up or perpetrating any of this. What has made this debut season of True Detective so deeply satisfying is that the murder mystery plotline is in service of a more universal story about two estranged men and their isolation and cruelty and weakness. Yes, Marty is a human tampon who deserves their fate, but that doesn't make the montage of them drearily surfing Match.com and eating TV dinner alone any less heartbreaking. And how perfectly pitiful is it that they name their company Hart Investigation Services, a.k.a. HIS?” —Gothamist
“The ultimate twist of True Detective may be the cosmically depressing truth that sometimes there is no justice. The case was a focal point in many ways of the episode, but it also really spent most of its hour healing the time and pain between Rust and Marty, and allowing them to finish what they had started 17 years ago. Rust's desire to work outside of the system (though using Marty's connections within it to grab some necessary files to help them), and their dogged desire to finish this case seems to be the crux of this series. Rust obtaining the child pornography and the video means nothing in a court of law, as it was illegally obtained. Holding the Sheriff at gunpoint isn't going to stand, and neither is pulling down five probably very wealthy men who enjoy the dark arts. But Rust, and ultimately Marty, don't care. By whatever means necessary, they will end this cycle of violence. Or die trying.” —Collider
“And one of the great things about the time-spanning structure of this season is the way we get to see the partnership evolve over a long period, from the uneasy alliance of 1995 to the bitter 7-year itch of 2002 to these two being so old and weary and useless in the company of anyone else that it might finally occur to Rust to ask Marty about their personal life. There is nothing for either of them but each other and this last piece of business. Both seem at peace with the idea that they might die closing the case, or at least go to prison — Marty's visit to Maggie was that of a man saying their final farewell — almost as if they know that their story only has an hour to go before the world never sees either one of them again.” —HitFix
“With one episode left, Rust and Marty are going for broke, forsaking the law and their own well-being, just like they did the first time around. Whatever happens to them — whether they die or live, find the Yellow King or go mad trying — it will be something that brings the circle to a close.” —GQ
“Now that the rules and regulations attached to a badge are out of sight and out of mind, Cohle is willing to employ whatever means necessary to get to the bottom of the case. They don't even need more than a second to suggest torturing the ‘cocksucker' Geraci into talking. So cat burgling Tuttle's mansion and now DIY electro-torture? Could this be any more awesome? It's too bad we only get to see Cohle's unencumbered, laser-focused brand of vigilante justice for two episodes.” —Esquire
“Marty Hart has committed the most egregious sin in the Book of Male Antihero: He's gone ordinary. In the parlance of St. Martin of Scorsese, patron saint of lovable assholes, captivating monsters, and psychos worth rooting for, he's a schnook. With a private investigation firm on the wane, a dance card full of mundane Match.com profiles, and a frozen dinner waiting for them at home, they may as well put on a bathrobe and go pick up Henry Hill's morning paper. It's commendable that True Detective has allowed Marty to fall this far — but I'm worried that former state police detective Hart is angling for a redemption story.” —A.V. Club
“So Rust and Marty achieve some kind of middle-aged detente–Rust with their rat-tail stache and haunted eyes, Marty with their gut hanging over their golf pants. The upside for us is that after last week's letdown of an hour, “After You've Gone” spends its time mainly with the two leads (and the only two well-developed characters in the series). It is still unclear exactly what Rust and Marty will find when they get to the rotting heart of this mystery — or whether Gilbough and Papania won't get there first, having unwittingly come across Scarface in the last moments of the episode. We may have things left to learn about our protagonists before this story is over. I'm betting — hoping, maybe — that having so wholly embraced Rust's perspective, True Detective will somehow upend that, rather than using them as the show's Nietzschean Mary Sue to the end.” —Time
“Here's one thought that hadn't occurred to me before: satire. We've always known True Detective plays with the tropes of the cops-and-killers genre, but in this past hour there were times when I wondered whether the show was straight-up making fun of the characters and maybe even the audience. Creepy music and dark lighting ratchets up tension before it's revealed that Rust's storage unit is basically a True Detective comment thread in diorama form. A lovely old lady reminisces warmly until some twig drawings send them into a mad fit of coughing and “Carcosa!” The jolly lawnmower man makes a nefarious-sounding reveal to the camera after detectives cut them off mid-sentence and drive away. All of these things are presented like revelations, but they feel more like camp. They're images out of an airport paperback, recycled to tell us things we already know. Rust's obsessed. Carcosa's some lunatic swamp ideology involving the Tuttles. And salt-of-the-Earth Louisiana contains dark secrets. It almost feels as though the show is laughing at us for obsessing over it as a murder mystery: The next twist is … not really a twist!” —Atlantic
Hanson header earns dramatic win for Bradford
AFC Wimbledon's eight-match unbeaten league run came to an end this afternoon with an injury-time header from James Hanson winning it for Bradford City.
The 3-2 victory for the visitors appeared unlikely midway through the second-half with Wimbledon taking a 2-1 lead through a Lyle Taylor penalty.
However, Hanson's header bagged all three points for Bradford after a pulsating battle between two in-form sides, which was played in front of a bumper crowd of 4,826.
minute, before referee Tim Robinson decided to award a spot-kick at the other end – converted by James Hanson. And Hanson rubbed salt into the wounds with their late winner, the striker heading home Stephen Darby's cross.thThe Dons had looked to be heading for all three points when Lyle Taylor struck from 12 yards in the 68
Neal Ardley made three changes after the win at Peterborough with Paul Robinson, Lyle Taylor and Dannie Bulman all back in the starting line-up in place of Chris Robertson, Chris Whelpdale and Tom Beere.
Wimbledon made the worst possible start against in-form opponents with Bradford securing the lead inside three minutes. Nicky Law was allowed space to get in behind down the Bradford left and their pull-back was met by Jordy Hiwula, their shot finding the net with a deflection to leave goalkeeper James Shea left with no chance.
The Dons responded well initially by creating an instant opportunity to equalise. Will Nightingale delivered a lovely through ball to pick out Taylor's run in behind and they shot just wide of the target. Then Taylor and George Francomb linked-up well to create a shooting chance for Andy Barcham, but their goal-bound effort was blocked. In a free-flowing start, Bradford were finding gaps, particularly down their left once again, and it needed a last-ditch interception from Robinson to stop a dangerous cross finding its target.
minute with yet another goal coming from a set-piece. There was still a lot of work to do for Elliott when they got on the end of a Francomb free-kick to the back post, but with the angle diminishing, they cracked a brilliant strike into the roof of the net. Bradford goalkeeper Colin Doyle, previously untested, seemed bewildered by the velocity of the strike as they were beaten at their near post – and that signalled another chant of “We've got Tom Elliott” from the Dons faithful.thWimbledon struck back in the 18
Buoyed by the equaliser, Wimbledon now powered forward with Elliott's towering presence offering a great platform for attacks. However, it was such an open first-half that it was hard to predict what would come next and Hiwula came so close to their second when their shot trickled agonisingly just wide for Bradford. At the other end, Elliott blazed well over the crossbar and still got their name sung by the fans! That perhaps summed up their notable first-half performance and as the first-half whistle sounded, Wimbledon could take great encouragement from a fine fightback.
Wimbledon endeavoured to grab the initiative early in the second-half and a superb team move almost provided the edge. Bulman won the ball deep in their own half and picked out Jake Reeves, who switched the ball to Taylor on the right flank and their cross flashed across the face of goal with Doyle unable to get there. Another fine move involving Francomb, Reeves and Taylor ended with a shooting opportunity for Jon Meades on the overlap, but they scuffed their shot under pressure.
Though James Shea had to show their qualities to take a couple of dangerous crosses with the presence of James Hanson lurking, Wimbledon had looked the likelier to score a second and so it proved. A trademark burst forward down the left by Barcham created space and their precision pass found Reeves, who was fouled in the box by Josh Cullen. Lyle Taylor stepped up and though their penalty was driven virtually in the same spot as against Swindon – to the right of the goalkeeper – this time it nestled in the bottom corner with Doyle diving the wrong way.
A spirited response followed from Bradford and they restored parity 12 minutes from time after referee Tim Robinson decided to award another penalty. With the ball pinging around the area, Robinson adjudged that James Shea had impeded a Bradford player and Hanson made no mistake from 12 yards. Neal Ardley made a double change shortly afterwards with Tyrone Barnett and Tom Beere introduced for Tom Elliott and George Francomb. Chris Whelpdale was also introduced for Taylor.
It looked to be heading for a point each heading into injury-time, but Hanson changed all that with their dramatic winner. In a frantic finale, Barnett headed just wide and there was no further chance to salvage a share of the spoils. The Dons will now be aiming to bounce back in the FA Cup at Bury next Saturday.
AFC Wimbledon: James Shea, Barry Fuller, Paul Robinson, Will Nightingale, Jon Meades, Dannie Bulman, Jake Reeves, George Francomb (Tom Beere), Tom Elliott (Tyrone Barnett), Lyle Taylor (Chris Whelpdale), Andy Barcham.
Picture credit: Stuart Butcher, Pro Sports Images.
Former Liverpool striker Adam Morgan has left Hemel Hempstead Town by mutual consent – just one month after signing for the Tudors.
Morgan, 21, had their contract cancelled after a less-than-impressive stint at Vauxhall Road which saw them fail to find the net once as they struggled to force their way into the starting XI.
Their latest failure represents a big fall from grace for Morgan, who was once described by Liverpool legend Robbie Fowler as ‘one of the best finishers I have seen in a long time.'
Morgan joined Hemel at the start of February after leaving League Two side Accrington Stanley by mutual consent. The youngster signed for Stanley in June but managed only two League Two appearances.
Morgan is a product of Liverpool's Youth Academy and scored 18 goals in 16 games in the Premier Academy League.
They spent their time between Liverpool's U18s and reserves. They scored their first senior goal for the Reds in a friendly against Toronto and made their first senior start against Tottenham in July 2012.
They came on as a substitute in a Europa League qualifying match against Hearts, before having loan spells at Rotherham and then Yeovil, and it was the latter who signed them on a permanent deal in January 2014.
They went on loan to St Johnstone before returning to Yeovil and was offered a severance deal at the end of the 2014/15 season.
Morgan's final Hemel appearance came in Tuesday night's lacklustre Herts Charity Cup defeat to St Albans at Clarence Park.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A devoted Muslim has been told by a judge they hold "medieval" attitudes towards women after murdering their wife simply because they disapproved of them looking after men in their role as a care assistant.
Imran Khan sent spouse Nasreen a series of text message claiming they were disobeying Islam.
The 38-year-old told her: "If you go to men's houses and lie to me I get angry. If you play games I get angry."
They then stabbed them to death with a kitchen knife later that day in a frenzied attack.
The attack took place at the couple's home in Cheadle, Greater Manchester, which they shared with their three children.
They told police afterwards: "Never get an arranged marriage bro."
Khan had warned their wife: "It's not halal for you to work with men" in the lead up to the April attack.
Police also found a text message sent to 38-year old Nasreen from their husband.
It read: "I have told you 10 times there are three people whose prayers will not be accepted by Allah - a fleeing slave until they return to their master, a woman whose husband is angry with her, until they are pleased with her, and a drunkard until they become conscious.
(Image: MEN)
"If you don't listen to me I get angry."
At Manchester Crown Court Khan, admitted murder.
They were jailed for life with a minimum requirement they serve 20 years.
Judge Patrick Field QC told him: "Nasreen worked hard to support their family and was good at that job but by contrast you are a selfish and controlling man, did little to support your family and your wife, instead you sought to determine how they should live their life, expressing your disapproval of their choice of work.
"You did not want Nasreen to have contact with other men, even though they were their clients, and their duties involved no more than administering medication and warming their food.
"It appears your disapproval was born out of some outdated, almost medieval notion of how a wife should behave. You ordered them to stop - and they wouldn't.
"Unless anybody should think this was some kind of cultural clash let it be said that the evidence shows that your parents and sister were entirely supportive of Nasreen's choice.
"You nevertheless decided that no wife of yours should be caring for men.
"Behind the traditional line taken in your texts, appeared to lurk an element of jealousy of your wife's independence of mind and a resentment of their defiance of your orders.
(Image: MEN)
"In certainly appears to me to be the case, in any event, you became incredibly angry, to the point that you determined that your solution was to kill Nasreen."
The couple married in an arranged union in 1999 after Khan's family travelled to Pakistan but the marriage was stormy.
They spent family money on themselves and claimed their wife would pretend to be asleep to avoid them getting intimate with each other.
In December 2015 Nasreen got a job with Homecare Services looking after both vulnerable men and women telling relatives they wanted to "gain experience and independence, and help support them family."
But Khan was unhappy with their job and the fact they had one-to-one contact with men.
They sent their vitriolic text messages suggesting "Allah would not approve."
On the day they were killed, Nasreen confided in their boss about their husband's behaviour saying: "I can't take it anymore, I don't know what to do" and the employer offered to speak to Khan.
But as they discussed the situation, Nasreen got another text from their husband saying: "It's not halal for you to work with men. I don't give permission. I told you no men when you started."
In another text, they claimed they were committing "Haram" which means 'forbidden' in Islam saying: "If they can't get you a rota with no men then leave the job, I don't give you permission for that, so listen to what I'm telling you, you are my wife, let me remind you you are married.
"If you go another man's house again then you are doing Haram. Don't ignore this again and again It's Haram what you're doing."
That night the couple began arguing after Nasreen showed the text messages to their eldest daughter. Khan went out only to return an hour later saying: 'I have got no choice - I'm going to kill them and kill myself.'
They then stormed into the kitchen and stabbed their wife eight time before emerging with a 'twisted and crazy" expression on their face.
Nasreen was given first aid at the scene but died of their injuries.
Khan fled to a friend's house and gave themselves up later and told officers: "I don't know what I have done - it's like a bad dream. I always loved them - I never meant to do nothing." .
In court Khan claimed they carried out the killing at a time when they were 'shocked and devastated' after their wife told them 'she never loved them and that the marriage was over.'
But after the case Senior Investigating Officer, Duncan Thorpe, from Greater Manchester Police said: "This is a tragic incident which has left a mother dead and three children without parents. My heart goes out to them; they are the ones who have lost out most here.
"Imran Khan is a controlling individual.
"His actions on that fateful night have left their and Nasreen's family and friends devastated."
Winnipeg cab drivers worry the province won't include any of their recommended changes to a bill that would pave the way for ride-hailing services like Uber to move into Manitoba.
Scott McFadyen, spokesperson for the Winnipeg Community Taxi Coalition, says Tuesday was the last chance for the government to make amendments to Bill 30, the Local Vehicles for Hire Act. None of their recommended changes were incorporated into the bill, which now appears set to go to a vote either Wednesday or Thursday, McFadyen said.
"We had some, in our minds, reasonable amendments to the bill, non-monetary amendments, and we're just quite disappointed that our voices were not heard."
McFadyen said the proposed changes were aimed at ensuring safety for passengers and drivers and protecting the investments of small business owners.
They want to see drivers for companies like Uber and Lyft abide by the same rules as taxi drivers, including installing safety shields and cameras and purchasing insurance.
Uber Canada says service is safe
Chris Schafer, public policy manager for Uber Canada, told the committee during one meeting all Uber drivers are subject to criminal background checks "in addition to vehicle inspections and other checks, such as motor vehicle reference checks for ticketable offences like speeding," they said.
"All of that is done on every prospective Uber driver."
Technology also enhances safety for riders and drivers, Shafer said, adding that Uber drivers don't accept cash, and both the driver and the rider exchange identifying information when the customer books a trip.
McFadyen said taxi drivers, many of whom are new Canadians, have also made significant investments in their taxi licences.
"This legislation just cancels those licences, they're worthless, and they didn't talk to us, didn't even consult with us. It's actually quite striking."
With the bill set to pass, McFadyen said the coalition's efforts will turn towards lobbying Winnipeg Mayor Brian Bowman and city council to address their concerns.
McFadyen says they have a meeting with the Mayor on Nov. 10, "the day after the legislation is expected to pass."
The act sets out a timeline that would allow for ride-sharing in Manitoba as early as March 1, 2018.
While Apple's effort to create a digital TV service seems to have stalled, the company is still chasing a better way to find and watch content on Apple TV, iPhone, and iPad. Recode reports that Apple is currently talking to “TV programmers and other video companies” over a potential universal guide that could show what TV shows and movies are available from streaming video channels.
The report highlights HBO, Netflix and ESPN as likely candidates. Apple already partners with these channels and more to create a universal search feature on tvOS, but the proposed universal guide could provide a visual component that offers a more robust version of TV guides from cable boxes.
Apple's vision is that you could subscribe to multiple video services then see everything available to watch across various channels in a single visual interface. Recode notes that the effort comes out of Apple's stalled efforts to create streaming video service of its own.
The idea is to let users see what kind of programming is available in video apps made by the likes of HBO, Netflix and ESPN, without having to open up each app individually, and to play shows and movies with a single click. That is: Apple's guide would tell you what's on TV. Except now TV is apps. Industry sources say Apple's plans are an outgrowth of the TV service it wanted to launch last year. The difference is that in 2015, Apple wanted to sell TV programming directly to consumers and provide them with a new interface that would make it easy to find the stuff they paid for.
Apple is already making improvements to the Apple TV and iPad as a cable box and traditional TV replacement with iOS 10 and tvOS 10 due out this fall. Single sign-on will let iPad and Apple TV users sign-in once to authenticate cable subscriptions then access content across multiple streaming channels without logging in to each app.
Apple has also continued to add new partners to its universal search feature, although that's only available on tvOS while today's report could apply to both tvOS and iOS.
WHEELING — Several parking spaces at The Health Plan's new Wheeling headquarters filled up Wednesday as about 60 employees worked their first day inside the estimated $16 million facility.
“It was a pretty smooth transition as far as I could tell,” Wendy Hodorowski, the company's marketing director, said as they neared the end of their first day in the new 53,000-square-foot building in the 1100 block of Main and Market streets. “Panhandle Cleaning & Restoration picked up our equipment in St. Clairsville, and they had it set up here for us in the morning.”
Workers from Colaianni Construction continue putting the finishing touches on the four-story structure and surrounding grounds. Hodorowski said tours of the facility will not be available until early 2018.
By the end of January, the company expects about 350 employees to be working in the new building. They will join about 75 employees at the former Horne's building at 11th and Main streets, totaling 425 full-time workers in the block.
“It is still a work in progress. Our goal is to have everyone in by the end of January,” they said.
Normal business hours will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday. The office will not be open to those planning to make payments on bills, they said. Instead, there will be a “lock box” into which customers can deposit payments.
To help transport workers from parking facilities, a 24-passenger trolley will loop from 10th Street to 22nd Street during peak times when the workers are coming and going. The Ohio Valley Regional Transportation Authority will spend $60,000 for the trolley to begin its run in January.
“I'm sure some will take advantage of that,” Hodorowski said of the trolley. The Health Plan's structure occupies an area that once thrived with retail activity. Gradually, due to changing shopping patterns, the businesses vacated their buildings.
City council voted to use tax increment financing to purchase and demolish most of the 1100 block buildings. In December 2015, city leaders joined officials with The Health Plan to announce the company would relocate its corporate office from St. Clairsville to downtown Wheeling. The health care provider paid nothing for the vacant Wheeling land.
“The additional workers who will be coming downtown every day to work provide our local businesses and restaurants with an opportunity to pick up additional customers,” Wheeling Vice Mayor Chad Thalman said. “The city is prepared for the influx of an additional 400 workers who will be coming downtown every day.”
“The Health Plan's opening is important for what it says about Wheeling. It says that we are a city that is on the rise and that is open for business,” Mayor Glenn Elliott added.
After The Health Plan vacates its two buildings near St. Clairsville, Belmont County officials plan to create a consolidated court system on the campus. County commissioners recently agreed to pay $3.3 million for the structures.
CLOSE LGBT advocates in Rio de Janeiro describe their ongoing battle for equal rights in a city that doesn't fully accept them.
When Elena Delle Donne came out as gay, there was little fanfare. Other WNBA players say they wish their male counterparts felt as comfortable. (Photo11: Matt Kryger, USA TODAY Sports)
RIO DE JANEIRO – Less than a week after the subtle revelation that WNBA MVP Elena Delle Donne is gay -- the third paragraph of an Aug. 4 story in Vogue magazine that didn't even mention the news in the headline -- the story had all but died.
There were no follow-ups about how their Chicago Sky teammates might handle the situation when the Rio Olympics end or what it might mean for the LGBT community. This is nothing new in women's basketball, where coming out is common and acceptance widespread.
Jason Collins becoming the first active NBA player to come out more than three years ago – and the only one since – this was not.
So after answering a few questions from reporters at the start of the Games, Delle Donne went back to the challenge of winning a gold medal with the Americans in their inaugural trip to the Games.
“It's been normal,” Delle Donne said this week. “Nothing crazy. Obviously a couple of people wanting to talk about it here and there. A lot of support. It's been really nothing too crazy, which is great. That's where I hope our society moves to, where it's not a story. It's normal.
“I would love to see that (sort of support in the NBA), if there are any (gay men). No one should have to hide who they are.”
Yet as it stands, it appears they still do.
While the NBA is progressive on this front – reconfirmed recently when it decided to move the Star game out of Charlotte because of a North Carolina law that eliminated some protections for the LGBT community – the fact remains that no player since Collins has felt comfortable enough to come out. And that, as their female counterparts see it, is something that needs to change not only in basketball but men's sports across the board.
“I would love to see more (come out) on the men's side, more players feel comfortable to come out,” said Phoenix Mercury star Brittney Griner, the former No. 1 pick who came out in an April 2013 Sports Illustrated article that was met with similar shrugs. “But I also understand it because as a player, I've been that person where it's really hard to come out. It's super hard. You're just not comfortable with it. You're worried about not being accepted, being rejected, being cast out. It's tough. It's really tough.”
While projections vary greatly on the percentage of gay men in the population worldwide, the odds are that there are somewhere between a handful and at least a few dozen gay NBA players among the 450 total. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has estimated in recent years that approximately 2% of American men are gay, but 10% has long since become the unofficial standard estimate. In between, a 2012 Gallup poll indicated that 3.3% of more-than-1,200 subjects interviewed said they identified as gay, bi-sexual or transgender. As Charles Barkley put it in a May 2013 interview, “Everybody (in the NBA) has played with a gay teammate.”
Yet it seems as if Collins (who retired 18 months after coming out) and former Utah Jazz player John Amaechi (who came out long after retirement) were the only ones to fit the description since the league's inception in 1946. Meanwhile, there are four openly gay players on the women's basketball Olympic team alone: Delle Donne, Griner, Seimone Augustus of the Minnesota Lynx, and Angel McCoughtry of the Atlanta Dream.
Their basketball worlds couldn't be more different.
“That's a subject that is so taboo in men's sports, (where) if you bring up anything gay they run out of the room like it's a virus,” said Diana Taurasi, the Phoenix Mercury guard. “I feel like that's just something that as you grow up, as you mature, those are the things that you accept as a human being that people are different. Whether it's sexuality, whether it's race, whether it's religion, as you get older and as you become a smarter person, you'd think you would look at things differently.
“I think maybe (the problem is) education, and I think it's maturity. I think our league has really grown in that way, and in a lot of ways. Obviously Jason, what they did was monumental, but there's a long ways to go.”
The NBA has made its pro-LGBT stance clear. In the wake of the June 12 shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., commissioner Adam Silver and deputy commissioner Mark Tatum joined WNBA Commissioner Lisa Borders in the New York City pride parade in early June. Until then, a pro sports organization had never had a float in the parade. More often, however, league support has been shown through disciplinary measures.
There have been hefty fines for players like Kobe Bryant and Joakim Noah who hurled homophobic slurs at officials and fans. Last season, Sacramento Kings point guard Rajon Rondo was suspended for one game after in-game insults toward official Billy Kennedy ultimately led to them coming out.
Verdicts from the league office are one thing. Real change in the locker room is quite another.
“It's more about stigmas than anything else, and I think with those stigmas you have people who are going to be judged,” said Sue Bird of the Seattle Storm. “I think on the men's side, they're not quite there yet. Jason Collins, for them to do that, particularly in the basketball world, they were the one who kind of broke down the barrier. And maybe in the future, it'll change. But I think right now there's still that stigma. I would love for it to change, because it's really not that big of a deal in all reality.
“The NBA moving the All-Star game was a tremendous stand. It's about the NBA having that platform to create change that needs to be created.”
Which means it's about education. For the last three years, the league's Rookie Transition program has included a session on this topic led by Collins and Hudson Taylor, founder and executive director of Athlete Ally. According to its website, the nonprofit organization “provides public awareness, campaigns, educational programming and tools and resources to foster inclusive sports communities.”
Taurasi, and many others, remain skeptical real change and inclusion will come.
“Probably not,” they said to that question. “I mean (being gay) is just taboo. It's something that I feel like a lot of those guys think is a weakness, and they look down upon it. That's a lot of upbringing. A lot of that is religion, so I think once they get past those things maybe in the future.
“It must be hard for them to know that they walk into the locker room having to put a façade on every day. I think one day, like (former University of Missouri football player) Michael Sam did, like Jason did, like a lot of the players in our league have done, it won't be talked about. It will just be like anything else.”
PHOTOS: the Best shots from Saturday
Queensland referendum to decide fixed, four-year parliamentary terms
Posted
Queensland voters have been asked to approve fixed, four-year parliamentary terms in a referendum.
Labor and the LNP have combined to pass laws to extend the current three-year terms and fix an October election date if a referendum next year is successful.
Government MP Stirling Hinchliffe said it was now up to the public.
"This is not our decision, this is us facilitating a decision by the people of Queensland," they said.
"It's therefore a requirement that the people of Queensland get to have their say on this matter by way of referendum."
The referendum, which could be held with local council elections in March, is considered to have a good chance of success because both major parties support longer terms.
Only the two Katters Australian Party MPs voted against the reform.
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk and Opposition Leader Lawrence Springborg spoke in favour of the change.
"[It] will mean Queenslanders are no longer surprised with snap elections at what may be opportune times for the premier and the government of the day, but what may be inconvenient times for the voters and businesses of Queensland," Ms Palaszczuk said.
But Mr Springborg warned the referendum was not guaranteed success.
"I still think this is a significant ask. We have to convince Queenslanders," they said.
"[But] really I think it reduces cynicism with regard to calling early elections."
Topics: government-and-politics, political-parties, qld
Cosmos is your personal offline collection of every algorithm and data structure one will ever encounter and use in a lifetime. This provides solutions in a various languages spanning C , C++ , Java , Python , Go and others.
This work is maintained by a community of hundreds of people and is a massive collaborative effort to bring the readily available coding knowledge offline.
Main purpose of Cosmos is to make coding possible offline.
Many coders ask me how to improve their own performances. I cannot say anything except "solve and review and prepare your library.
Uwi Tenpen HC 2016 Finalist / Yandex Algorithm 2015,2016 Finalist / CodeChef Snackdown 2015,2016 Finalist Java/Python/Bash
Cosmic Structure
Following is the high-level structure of cosmos:
Backtracking
Bit manipulation
Computational geometry
Data structures
Divide conquer
Dynamic programming
Graph algorithms
Greedy algorithms
Mathematical algorithms
Randomized algorithms
Search
Sorting
String algorithms
Unclassified
Each type has several hundreds of problems with solutions in several languages spanning C , C++ , Java , Python , Go and others.
The project is complitely community-driven and has 300 active contributors at GiHub.
A study of the tropical coral reef system along the coastline of Kenya has found dramatic effects of overfishing that could threaten the long-term health of the reefs. Led by scientists at the University of California, Santa Cruz, the study was published in the journal Coral Reefs.
The researchers found that the loss of predatory fish leads to a cascade of effects throughout the reef ecosystem, starting with an explosion in sea urchin populations. Excessive grazing by sea urchins damages the reef structure and reduces the extent of a poorly studied but crucially important component of the reefs known as crustose coralline algae. Coralline algae deposit calcium carbonate in their cell walls and form a hard crust on the substrates where they grow, helping to build and stabilize reefs. They also play a crucial role in the life cycle of corals.
"Some coralline algae produce a chemical that induces coral settlement, in which the larval stage in the water settles on the ocean floor to grow into an adult. This settlement must happen for reefs to recover after disturbance," said lead author Jennifer O'Leary, a research associate with the Institute of Marine Sciences at UC Santa Cruz.
The ability of coralline algae to induce the settlement of coral larvae has been well studied in the laboratory, but few studies have been done to investigate this relationship in the field. O'Leary set out to study the role of coralline algae in reef ecosystems as a UCSC graduate student working with Donald Potts, professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and a coauthor of the paper.
In Kenya, O'Leary teamed up with Tim McClanahan, a UCSC alumnus who now heads the Wildlife Conservation Society's marine programs in Kenya. The researchers compared the types of coralline algae and the number of juvenile corals on Kenyan reefs under three different management conditions: closed, gear-restricted, and open access. On fished reefs (both those open to all fishing and those with gear restrictions), sea urchin populations were much higher than on closed reefs, resulting in lower abundance of crustose coralline algae and lower coral densities.
"Outside the protected areas, we're seeing the ecosystem collapse," O'Leary said. "When you look at the effects of fishing, you can't just think about the species that are being removed. You have to look at how the effects are carried down through the ecosystem."
Most of the young corals found in the surveys were growing on crustose coralline algae. Juveniles of four common coral families were more abundant on coralline algae than on any other settlement substrate. The results suggest that fishing can indirectly reduce coral recruitment or the success of juvenile corals by reducing the abundance of settlement-inducing coralline algae.
"The loss of crustose coralline algae has huge implications for regeneration of coral reefs," O'Leary said. "In our surveys, we found no difference between gear-restricted areas and fully fished areas, so gear restrictions are not working to keep urchin populations down. We need to consider ecosystem-wide effects as we develop new management strategies."
Potts said they hope the new study will raise awareness of the role that coralline algae play in the health of coral reefs, especially in developing countries. "Most managers and conservationists, and even many scientists, are unaware of the existence, abundance, and importance of coralline algae, so management regimes intended to enhance the health of reefs may actually be detrimental," they said.
The coauthors of the paper include O'Leary, Potts, McClanahan, and Juan Carlos Braga of the University of Granada, Spain. Funding for this research was provided by UC Santa Cruz, Robert and Patricia Switzer Foundation, ARCS Foundation, Project Aware, and Wildlife Conservation Society.
A man who repeatedly rammed their truck into a van was shot and killed in North Hollywood on Thursday, police said.The shooting happened in the 7300 block of Fulton Avenue before 6 a.m., according to police. The suspect had been living inside the van, which was parked in the back of a business at an industrial park.The suspect told police the victim rammed their truck into the van several times. Moments later, shots were fired."Some type of altercation occurred between two men," said LAPD Officer Cesar Gonzales. "It ended up being the shooter, who was living in a van in the back of the building, for an unknown period of time, that person jumps out of the van and somehow a shooting occurs."The victim died at the scene. They have not yet been identified.The suspect called 911 to report the incident, police said.An investigation is ongoing.
Valve: From time to time a mistake can be made and one was made by prematurely issuing a copy of War Z for sale via Steam. We apologize for this and have temporary removed the sale offering of the title until we have time to work with the developer and have confidence in a new build. Those who purchased the game and wish to continue playing it via Steam may do so. Those who purchased the title via Steam and are unhappy with what they received may seek a refund by creating a ticket at our support site here: https://support.steampowered.com/newticket.php
Again, we apologize any inconvenience.
After our astonishing interview with The War Z's executive producer yesterday, it comes as no real surprise that Valve has stepped up and pulled The War Z from sale on Steam until Hammerpoint sorts out its issues. Customers who already bought it via Steam can keep it if they want; those who don't can get a full refund from Steam support. Valve also admits it made a mistake in releasing The War Z in the first place. Valve's full statement below:That's about all I can ask from Valve in a situation like this, other than some kind of assurance that new policies have been put in place to prevent it from happening again. I'll follow up on that.
Just a couple of days ago I was writing about how Sauber needs stability to make progress, but it seems that the whole team has gone topsy-turvy in recent days with CEO and team principal Monisha Kaltenborn apparently set to depart, it seems because they are unhappy with the way that Sauber is being overseen by investment manager Pascal Picci, the chairperson of the holding company.  They are the frontman for investors but it is not clear if they have played any significant role in the story.
The suggestion is that the two personalties were not getting on and that Kaltenborn felt that the chairperson of the company was interferring in what they were trying to achieve. Whether they walked or was pushed is currently not clear but some sources say that the decision was mutual. There have been signs of stress in recent weeks with Kaltenborn trying to recruit new technical leadership and the owners wanting to stay with what they have. The word is that at the centre of the problem is the team's technical director Jorg Zander, who has thus far failed to make much of an impact in their six months in the job. Updates failed to arrive in Spain and when they did appear in Monaco they were not apparently an improvement.
It remains to be seen who will take over the role, although the logical thing to do would be for the team to contact one of the people who have immediate experience in the management of F1 teams at this level. One thinks, specifically, of Dave Ryan and Frederic Vasseur, but the German angle could also bring Jost Capito into play.
The big problem for the team is whether or not the people who were recruited to Sauber by Kaltenborn will stay if they are departing. As previously explained, getting people to move to Switzerland is a big problem.
All folders in the Repository folder refer to a specific panel in Nuke, except for the ones starting with an underscore.
This means that, for instance, dropping some a Python script in the folder called 'Animation' will make it appear on the
right-click menu of the Animation knob on all nodes.
See this page by The Foundry for a list with pictures of all panels in Nuke.
Here is what the other (non-panel) folders are for:
_AutoInstaller
All folders and subfolders in this folder will be loaded to Nuke as a plugin path,
which means init.py and menu.py files are automatically run.
This folder is meant for plugins that have their own set of files - for instance,
simply dragging the entire download folder for Cryptomatte or PixelFudger in there works.
_Autorun
All Python files in this folder and its subfolders will be run on Nuke startup.
There are two subdirectories in this folder that should not be changed or removed: _init and _menu.
Place your scripts in the _init folder to have them run on Nuke startup (before UI is loaded), and in _menu to have them load with the UI.
_Fonts
If there's more than one file in this folder or one of its subfolders, the Nuke script that is currently open will have its Font folder in the project settings set to this path.
This way, the Text node can find all fonts in that folder (and all of its subfolders).
_OFXPlugins
This path is added as an OFX path to Nuke.
_Shortcuts
Change the contents of the file 'Keyboard_Shortcuts.txt' to quickly remap keyboard shortcuts for any item in the 'Node' bar on the left or the 'Nuke' bar on the top of the screen.
_ViewerProcesses
The gizmo's in this folder and its subfolders will be registered as Nuke viewerprocesses in the viewer.
Simply adding stuff to the 'Nodes' folder will load them to the menu bar on the left:
Adding a gizmo to the '_ViewerProcesses' folder works as follows:
Adding stuff to the 'Nuke' folder will add it to the top of the screen:
To celebrate this year's Playoffs, Crosschecked is starting up a winner-take-all “Playoff Beard Competition.” Join us and other fans from across the city as we let our scruff run wild seeking Playoff glory. Here is how it works:
1) Send us a photo of yourself the day before Playoffs start, holding a picture up of a daily newspaper for verification of the date alongside yourself, freshly shaved!
2) Grow a beard with all of your might. I don't recommend Rogain-ing your face, but I like the enthusiasm
3) Email us a photo of your mighty beard at the end of every round and when the teams' playoff run is over
4) We will update the site with your photos, so people can watch as your beard gets stronger and manlier through the post season
5) There will be an open poll on the site to determine the winner. Whoever wins gets a $100 gift card to the Team Store, a certificate with their name on it declaring their beard superiority, and bragging rights until next year's Playoffs
Deadline: Submissions will close at midnight of April 10th. And may the best beard win!
To Submit, email your photo and contact information to: [email protected]
A study out of Kentucky shows deeply religious people are much more likely to become violent after consuming alcoholic beverages than their less religious counterparts.
Researchers in Kentucky have found a correlation between religion and alcohol: Evidence suggests that the stronger the person's religious views, the more hostile and aggressive they are when drinking.
The correlation was discovered by Professor Peter Giancola of the University of Kentucky's College of Arts and Sciences. About the study, Professor Giancola said:
“Oversimplifying – in many cases the more religious someone is, the more aggressive they will become after drinking alcohol.”
For the purposes of the study, a religious person was defined as someone who “finds meaning in the sacred,”regardless of which particular religious doctrine they may follow.
Researchers made their findings while trying to create a profile of risk factors to predict alcohol-related violence.
520 people aged between 21 and 35 years old from the central Kentucky region were examined. Participants in the study were randomly given an alcoholic or non-alcoholic drink, after being quizzed on the degree of their spiritual beliefs.
The following is an excerpt from the Abstract of the journal article reporting the study's findings, Alcohol Reverses Religion's Prosocial Influence on Aggression, published in the Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion:
Interesting to note, when sober, the deeply religious participants were found to be less hostile than those without strong religious beliefs.
Experts claim further research is needed to verify and explain the findings.
Did US troop use chemical weapons in Falluja? The answer is yes. The proof is not to be found in the documentary broadcast on Italian TV last week, which has generated gigabytes of hype on the internet. It's a turkey, whose evidence that white phosphorus was fired at Iraqi troops is flimsy and circumstantial. But the bloggers debating it found the smoking gun.
The first account they unearthed in a magazine published by the US army. In the March 2005 edition of Field Artillery, officers from the 2nd Infantry's fire support element boast about their role in the attack on Falluja in November last year: "White Phosphorous. WP proved to be an effective and versatile munition. We used it for screening missions at two breeches and, later in the fight, as a potent psychological weapon against the insurgents in trench lines and spider holes when we could not get effects on them with They [high explosive]. We fired 'shake and bake' missions at the insurgents, using WP to flush them out and They to take them out."
The second, in California's North County Times, was by a reporter embedded with the marines in the April 2004 siege of Falluja. "'Gun up!' Millikin yelled ... grabbing a white phosphorus round from a nearby ammo can and holding it over the tube. 'Fire!' Bogert yelled, as Millikin dropped it. The boom kicked dust around the pit as they ran through the drill again and again, sending a mixture of burning white phosphorus and high explosives they call 'shake'n'bake' into... buildings where insurgents have been spotted all week."
White phosphorus is not listed in the schedules of the Chemical Weapons Convention. It can be legally used as a flare to illuminate the battlefield, or to produce smoke to hide troop movements from the enemy. Like other unlisted substances, it may be deployed for "Military purposes... not dependent on the use of the toxic properties of chemicals as a method of warfare". But it becomes a chemical weapon as soon as it is used directly against people. A chemical weapon can be "any chemical which through its chemical action on life processes can cause death, temporary incapacitation or permanent harm".
White phosphorus is fat-soluble and burns spontaneously on contact with the air. According to globalsecurity.org: "The burns usually are multiple, deep, and variable in size. The solid in the eye produces severe injury. The particles continue to burn unless deprived of atmospheric oxygen... If service members are hit by pieces of white phosphorus, it could burn right down to the bone." As it oxidises, it produces smoke composed of phosphorus pentoxide. According to the standard US industrial safety sheet, the smoke "releases heat on contact with moisture and will burn mucous surfaces... Contact... can cause severe eye burns and permanent damage."
Until last week, the US state department maintained that US forces used white phosphorus shells "very sparingly in Fallujah, for illumination purposes". They were fired "to illuminate enemy positions at night, not at enemy fighters". Confronted with the new evidence, on Thursday it changed its position. "We have learned that some of the information we were provided ... is incorrect. White phosphorous shells, which produce smoke, were used in Fallujah not for illumination but for screening purposes, ie obscuring troop movements and, according to... Field Artillery magazine, 'as a potent psychological weapon against the insurgents in trench lines and spider holes...' The article states that US forces used white phosphorus rounds to flush out enemy fighters so that they could then be killed with high explosive rounds." The US government, in other words, appears to admit that white phosphorus was used in Falluja as a chemical weapon.
The invaders have been forced into a similar climb over the use of napalm in Iraq. In December 2004, the Labour MP Alice Mahon asked the British armed forces minister Adam Ingram "whether napalm or a similar substance has been used by the coalition in Iraq (a) during and (b) since the war". "No napalm," the minister replied, "has been used by coalition forces in Iraq either during the war-fighting phase or since."
This seemed odd to those who had been paying attention. There were widespread reports that in March 2003 US marines had dropped incendiary bombs around the bridges over the Tigris and the Saddam Canal on the way to Baghdad. The commander of Marine Air Group 11 admitted that "We napalmed both those approaches". Embedded journalists reported that napalm was dropped at Safwan Hill on the border with Kuwait. In August 2003 the Pentagon confirmed that the marines had dropped "mark 77 firebombs". Though the substance these contained was not napalm, its function, the Pentagon's information sheet said, was "remarkably similar". While napalm is made from petrol and polystyrene, the gel in the mark 77 is made from kerosene and polystyrene. I doubt it makes much difference to the people it lands on.
So in January this year, the MP Harry Cohen refined Mahon's question. They asked "whether mark 77 firebombs have been used by coalition forces". The US, the minister replied, has "confirmed to us that they have not used mark 77 firebombs, which are essentially napalm canisters, in Iraq at any time". The US government had lied to him. Mr Ingram had to retract their statements in a private letter to the MPs in June.
We were told that the war with Iraq was necessary for two reasons. Saddam Hussein possessed biological and chemical weapons and might one day use them against another nation. And the Iraqi people needed to be liberated from their oppressive regime, which had, among its other crimes, used chemical weapons to kill them. Tony Blair, Colin Powell, William Shawcross, David Aaronovitch, Nick Cohen, Ann Clwyd and many others referred, in making their case, to Saddam's gassing of the Kurds in Halabja in 1988. They accused those who opposed the war of caring nothing for the welfare of the Iraqis.
Given that they care so much, why has none of these hawks spoken out against the use of unconventional weapons by coalition forces? Ann Clwyd, the Labour MP who turned from peace campaigner to chief apologist for an illegal war, is, as far as I can discover, the only one of these armchair warriors to engage with the issue. In May this year, they wrote to the Guardian to assure us that reports that a "modern form of napalm" has been used by US forces "are completely without foundation. Coalition forces have not used napalm - either during operations in Falluja, or at any other time". How did they know? The foreign office minister told them Before the invasion, Clwyd travelled through Iraq to investigate Saddam's crimes against their people. They told the Commons that what they found moved them to tears. After the invasion, they took the minister's word at face value, when a 30-second search on the internet could have told them it was bunkum. It makes you wonder whether they really gave a damn about the people for whom they claimed to be campaigning.
Saddam, facing a possible death sentence, is accused of mass murder, torture, false imprisonment and the use of chemical weapons.  They are certainly guilty on all counts. So, it now seems, are those who overthrew him.
Monbiot.com
Brian Owler's address to Australian Medical Association forum on asylum seekers says immigration policy is ‘pulling apart the moral fabric of the country'
The Australian immigration and border protection department is “pulling apart the moral fabric of the country”, and prolonged detention is “state-sanctioned child abuse”, the head of the Australia's peak medical body has told a forum in Sydney.
Healthcare workers around Australia protest against 'child abuse' of detention Read more
Prof Brian Owler, the national president of the Australian Medical Association (AMA), delivered the closing address at the AMA forum on the health of asylum seekers on Sunday, and while their forthright speech was harsh on the Australian government and its treatment of asylum seekers, they rejected calls for a boycott of the system by Australian medical professionals.
Owler also gave the organisation's support to the health professionals standing against the Australian government in Brisbane by refusing to discharge a baby who had been treated for burns back into the care of the immigration detention system.
A number of doctors and health professionals at the forum added to recent calls for a boycott. A former IHMS health officer said workers were faced with the choice of being complicit in a system which tortured people, or of maintaining ethical conduct and risking punishment including under the Border Force Act.
Owler said change must come through public opinion and that “provision of medical treatment is not condoning the system”. They noted IHMS was already attempting to bypass Australian professionals and hire foreign medical workers.
Owler said a boycott would draw good services away from asylum seekers, and that they believed doctors and nurses would go anyway. “That's what doctors and nurses do, they put their patient first.”
They added that it was “perfectly acceptable” for people not to participate in the system if they felt they couldn't, but a boycott was not the way to achieve change.
Dr David Isaacs, a paediatrician who has frequently spoken out about detention and how it amounts to torture, did not agree with a boycott either.
Isaacs said medical professionals were in an “impossible position”, torn between providing healthcare to those who needed it, and not participating in torture. They said the only answer was for the government to stop putting them in that position and close the detention centres.
However they told Guardian Australia outside the forum that they were “conflicted”, having written publicly in the past that a boycott should be considered.
“But when you think about what it would actually involve, you have to say, well why would we do a boycott?” they said.
Isaacs said a boycott wouldn't actually be effective, and if it was held for moral or ethical reasons then everyone would have to agree.
“I don't think everyone does agree with the morality of boycott. A lot of people, I think, do agree that it is implicitly condoning torture to work within the system, but some people would say that it's justified by helping people,” they said.
“The AMA will not stand up and say we should boycott, but they will say that it's torture and they don't condone torture.”
Dr Peter Young, the former IHMS chief psychiatrist, said there should be more transparency and first-rate care.
Currently the system did not allow for that, so “a logical consequence of that was people shouldn't be doing it,” they told Guardian Australia outside the forum.
Young suggested that instead “we can put forward another model that provides for those services, that can provided freely and not under this restricted context”.
The AMA officially called for a moratorium on asylum seeker children being returned to detention; the immediate release of all children from onshore and offshore detention into the community, the establishment of an independent statutory body of experts with the power to investigate and report on the health and welfare of asylum seekers; and for the government and opposition to revisit their policies if they could not provide satisfactory healthcare.
Speaking after the forum, Owler told media the immigration department displayed “zealot like behaviour” and that they had “never encountered the sort of attitude that doesn't seem to understand an alternative point of view”.
“That is so determined to keep a level of secrecy and lack of transparency, that wants to shut people away, that has been intimidating our own doctors. This is a ridiculous situation where you have ... immigration going to Senate estimates and saying the doctors don't decide who gets transferred if they have a medical condition, we decide.”
Attendees of the forum also heard from Prof Elizabeth Elliott, who has inspected the Christmas Island and recently Darwin's Wickham Point detention centres.
Elliott said processing has been “purposefully slow” resulting in prolonged arbitrary detention explicitly at odds with the UN convention on the rights of the child. “As a result of our policy hundreds of children have been denied human rights,” they said.
They spoke of the midnight transfers of people, and quoted one female detainee who said they wake up in the morning and “our friends have gone”.
Elliot described a number of people who had committed acts of self harm or attempted suicide, and were severely mentally ill. “Compassion, it appears, had gone missing on Christmas Island,” they said.
Elliot also said the 69 children they assessed at Wickham Point were “amongst the most traumatised children we had ever seen.”
Over 95% of children over the age of eight were at high risk of PTSD, and more than 95% received the highest score for “hopelessness”. They said all children assessed were in the top two categories of risk for developmental problems, and the findings suggested the Human Rights Commission's Forgotten Children report had “fallen on deaf ears.”
They predicted the recent and any further push from medical professionals for change would prompt accusations that doctors and nurses were advocates, “as if this is a pejorative term.”
Elliot questioned why Australians had not been so vocal in protest, suggesting the deliberate hiding of faces and identities by the government led to a situation of “out of sight, out of mind.”
Australia's offshore detention damages asylum seekers because it's supposed to Read more
Registered nurse Alanna Maycock told of their visit with Isaacs to Nauru, where they witnessed a man being assaulted, and spoke to a woman who had been menstruating for two months but had not been referred for medical care.
They also noted the shower blocks were shielded only by flimsy curtains and were in full view of guards. “We had no agenda when we went to Nauru. but when you're working with a system … that prevents you from carrying out your duty of care … you need to question what system you're working with,” they said.
“We gave our recommendations to IHMS … but those recommendations go to the government,” they said. “That's not a chain of command I can trust.”
Late last year, I was stuck in a long line at the mall waiting to buy holiday gifts and decided to make good use of my time by reviewing a slide deck on my phone. To share my comments with my team, I created an email in BlackBerry Hub to type up my notes and sent them off to my team, all before I even got to the checkout to pay for my gifts.
Even while patting myself on the back for my smart multitasking and productivity skills, I knew I could've been even more efficient if I'd been able to mark up the document directly, then send that back to my team
Luckily for me – and for you – BlackBerry has just released Notable, another great app part of the BlackBerry Hub+ Suite of applications.
BlackBerry Notable is a content creation and sharing app that allows you to quickly capture content on screen, mark it up with text or free-form drawing tools, and share it with friends and colleagues.
The screen capture can be triggered from your device's convenience key, through a custom swipe gesture shortcut, or by tapping the dedicated screen-capture notification in the notification tray. From there, you can mark up the content you captured in the app – you can draw on it freely, add text, or even add stickers to call attention to something specific.
After you mark up your content, it's easy to send it to your friends via the Android share framework or through apps including Evernote, Hub, BBM, and OneNote.
You can also define a “quick share” action to expedite sharing your Notable content to a preferred app. (For me, that would be Hub, since collaboration is an essential part of my job.)
Notable is also great for things like quickly jotting down a critical note, marking a location on a map, or communicating something about an IM, document, web page, or practically any other type of visual content.
It gives you many options for creating content, including starting with a blank canvas, adding in images from your image gallery, taking a photo with your camera, or (as mentioned above) capturing a screenshot.
Imagine you're in a meeting and your boss asks a question that you need your team's input to answer. You could use Notable to snap a photo of a whiteboard session, scribble the question onto the image, send it off to your team for quick feedback, and answer your boss' question before the meeting is over.
Or, imagine it's 5:30 p.m. and you just remembered it's your best friend's birthday. You need to send them a unique greeting (one that makes it look like you hadn't forgotten until just that minute).
Just pull a photo of your friend into Notable, draw on a funny hat, add a “happy birthday” sticker, and sign it with your favorite inside joke. Pop it into an email or text message, and boom! You look like the thoughtful birthday hero that you really want to be.
Those of you rocking BlackBerry Android devices such as PRIV, DTEK50 and DTEK60 get the first dibs on Notable – find it now on the Google Play Store or click this link to download.
It will be available soon to anyone using BlackBerry Hub+ on non-BlackBerry Android phones; keep listening for updates.
The city council of Reading, Pa. this week resurrected a town ordinance regulating firearms just weeks after a law threatening such actions was repealed by the courts.
With the enactment of Act 192 last year, termed the strongest preemption law in the country, Reading joined a host of other municipalities in repealing local gun laws stronger than the state's to avoid potential lawsuits threatened by gun-rights groups.
At the time Reading's lawmakers agreed 6-1 to scrap its gun ordinances with some council members voicing the opinion that it was for the best and the city should never have gotten involved in regulating guns in the first place.
Now, with Act 192 overturned by a Commonwealth Court over procedural issues, Reading has turned at least one gun law back on.
Monday the council voted unanimously to make it a crime to discharge firearms in the city limits, with exceptions made for defensive gun use.
“You know, every now and again, we have instances where citizens come out and start firing guns in the air,” Mayor Vaughn Spencer told WFMZ. “With this ordinance, these kinds of activities would be illegal.”
Meanwhile, state lawmakers are pushing to enact a new version of Act 192 that aims to pass muster.
Rep. Mark Keller, R-Perry, contends the court took exception with that fact that Act 192 came to law as part of a scrap metal bill, but otherwise found it lawful.
“Act 192 contained the same language that is in my proposed bill concerning enforcement of Pennsylvania's current firearm preemption law,” noted Keller in a legislative memo earlier this month. “Importantly, the court's decision was based merely on technical procedural rules, meaning that the substance of the legislation itself was never called into question.”
Authorities in France's second largest prison claim to have uncovered a plot by two inmates, who are thought to be Islamic State sympathisers, to plan acts of terror. They were able to communicate with the terror group using smuggled mobile phones.
Charles-Marie M. from Cameroon, 28, and a 22-year-old Frenchman named Maxime O. were scheduled to be released from Fresnes prison in the coming weeks. Investigators say the pair were actively recruiting and plotting an Islamist terror attack with individuals outside the prison to be implemented soon after their release, L'Express reports.
Unbeknownst to the two inmates, they were under surveillance by French intelligence services which led to their placement in police custody on October 2nd by the Directorate General of Internal Security (DGSI).
“The plot was not precise, but in their discussions, they talked about prison guards or police officers. They wanted to set up a group with other ‘fighters',” a source close to the investigation said.
Cameroon native Charles-Marie M., who was in prison for robbery, first caught the attention of French intelligence in the winter of 2016 after authorities caught them communicating with a French jihadist operating in Iraq and Syria. Prison authorities say the man showed little sign of radicalisation with one prison supervisor describing them as “quite cold, with an empty look”.
The communication was not the first time the 28-year-old had shown signs of radicalism. In 2015, they were forced to spend six months in solitary confinement after guards found a USB stick in their possession containing jihadist propaganda.
Guards also noted that both men dressed in a Western style and did not bring attention to themselves or their beliefs. “The prison is nothing more than a microcosm of what is happening outside. The most dangerous go unnoticed,” one official said.
French prisons have become a breeding ground for Islamic radicalisation according to some experts. Muslims make up a large section of the prison population in the country and according to French newspaper Le Figaro, last year Muslims make up around 60 per cent of parolees.
Paris Attacker Greeted with Cheers in French Prison https://t.co/etQ6wp9F27 pic.twitter.com/BThQtmJOzU — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 29, 2016
Last year, when one of the participants in the 2015 Paris terror attack was arrested and placed in a French prison they received cheers from inmates.
Belgian politician and European Union (EU) Counter-Terrorism Coordinator Gilles de Kerchove said that jihadists returning from fighting in the Middle East should not be placed in regular prisons at all because it may only further radicalise them.
Austrian anti-mass migration Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache has called for separate prisons on islands for convicted jihadists to stop them radicalising other inmates.
Federal bus regulators have shut down a number of bus companies in the past few weeks for egregious safety violations, but those shutdown orders aren't always the final word.
Some banned bus companies have gone to great lengths to get around regulators. One common tactic—referred to as reincarnation—is for the companies to simply reopen using a different name. The government shut down one such company last week. Regulators said the Georgia-based company was defying a previous shutdown order.
The same thing happened when regulators shut down the Sky Express bus company after an accident killed four people in Virginia last month. Days after ordering the company to shut down, regulators found it operating under two different names—108 Tours and 108 Bus—and ordered the company to cease and desist. USA Today reported that Sky Express employees were painting over company buses in order to stay in operation.
Bus safety regulators have been under scrutiny for failing to act quickly against unsafe bus companies. As we noted, regulators postponed shutting down Sky Express in May, just days before the fatal accident.
The Transportation Department is trying to address the issue of so-called reincarnation. One of the recent safety rules the agency proposed after a string of deadly, high-profile bus accidents includes establishing a federal standard to determine whether a new bus company is just a reincarnation of a company that was previously shut down. It has also asked Congress to increase the fines for companies caught operating illegally.
This weekend alone, transportation regulators shut down two more bus companies over the weekend, declaring them “imminent hazards” to public safety. One of the companies was found to be transporting passengers in a luggage compartment.
“Safety is everyone's responsibility and it begins with practicing common sense,” said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood. “That means not putting human beings in cargo holds.”
The House Transportation Committee is holding a hearing this afternoon on bus safety to examine whether regulators are effectively keeping rogue bus companies off the road.
A flyer from this year's AnimeJapan 2017 event revealed on Thursday that the Digimon Universe: Appli Monsters anime will air 52 episodes. The anime premiered in Japan last October, and aired its 24th episode on March 18. The anime airs on TV Tokyo every Saturday at 7:00 a.m.
The anime's website describes the series:
Everyone in the world uses smartphone apps. But inside them lurks unknown creatures called "Appli Monsters," or "Appmon." The Appmon are AI lifeforms with the ability to think and act, and exist in the boundary between the human world and digital space to allow people and the system to interface and function. But in the vast sea of the internet, the "last boss AI" Leviathan takes control of the Appmon with a virus and begins hacking every system, thus starting to control the human world from the world of the net. The protagonist, Haru Shinkai, is led to acquire the Appli Drive, and uses it to materialize Gatchmon, a search app monster. What is the secret hidden within the Appli Drive? What is the mysterious field that exists between net world where the Appmon exist, and the real world? What is the "App Combine" that can combine two Appmons? What is Leviathan's true goal?
Gou Koga ( Xenosaga: The Animation , Dokidoki! Precure , One Piece Episode of Sabo ) is directing the anime at Toei Animation . Yoichi Kato ( Miracle Train - Ōedo-sen e Yōkoso , Yo-kai Watch , Monster Strike , Aikatsu! ) is supervising the series scripts. Kenichi Ohnuki ( Kiko Senki Dragonar , Gundam Build Fighters , Mobile Suit Gundam: Iron-Blooded Orphans ) is designing the characters.
Image copyright Getty Images
Eurozone retail sales rose for a fourth consecutive month in January, official statistics have shown, indicating the zone's economy may be picking up.
Retail sales rose 1.1% from December and by 3.7% compared with the previous January, the European Union statistics agency Eurostat said.
It is the biggest monthly increase since May 2013 and marks the highest annual increase since August 2005.
Spending on fuel was the biggest driver of the increase.
Automotive fuel sales rose 3.2% in the eurozone from the month before, and non-food sales were up 1.2%.
However, there were sharp disparities between individual countries, with strong increases in monthly sales in Germany and Portugal offsetting weaker performances in countries such as France where monthly sales rose just 0.1%.
Deflation fears
Consumer spending is a key element of economic growth, which has been held back in the eurozone by a mixture of high unemployment and economic uncertainty.
There had been fears that negative inflation in the eurozone, with prices in January 0.6% lower than a year earlier, could affect consumer spending, with shoppers delaying purchases in the hope that their cost would go down.
However, spending is likely to have increased in part thanks to lower oil prices, which have left people with more money to spend on other goods and services.
"This reinforces our belief that eurozone growth will pick up markedly to 1.6% in 2015 as it benefits appreciably from very low oil prices, a much more competitive euro and substantial ECB stimulus,'' said Howard Archer, chief European economist at IHS Global Insight.
A separate report on Wednesday suggested the eurozone economy grew in February at its fastest rate in seven months.
Markit's eurozone composite purchasing managers' index for February rose for the third month running to 53.3 from 52.6 in January, boosted by new factory orders.
Any number above 50 indicates expansion, and the rise means the index is now at its highest level since July last year.
Chris Williamson, Markit's chief economist, said the most encouraging aspect of the survey was the signs of renewed growth in France, Europe's second-largest economy.
"The outlook has brightened for all countries,'' they said.
The Republican Party's communications director is explaining the abortion ban in their party's platform by saying it doesn't include an exception for rape — but it also doesn't include an exception.
RNC communication director Sean Spicer worked hard not to pinned down on Thursday as they found themselves in the uncomfortable spot on of being grilled by CNN's Soledad O'Brien because their party's official platform had called to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape.
Following outrage over anti-abortion Rep. Todd Akin's (R-MO) assertion this week that victims of “legitimate rape” could not get pregnant, the Republican National Committee drafted an official platform that called for “a human life amendment” to the Constitution that would not allow abortion even in cases of rape, incest or life of the mother.
“Faithful to the ‘self-evident' truths enshrined in the Declaration of Independence, we assert the sanctity of human life and affirm that the unborn child has a fundamental individual right to life which cannot be infringed,” the draft said. “We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment's protections apply to unborn children.”
Although presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has repeatedly said that they back a “personhood amendment” to define a fertilized egg as a person and ban abortion in all circumstances, they responded to fallout from Akin's remarks by saying they “would not oppose” an exception for rape.
Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan, however, believes that abortion should be illegal in all cases, and has said that they are only comfortable with Romney's position because it is a “good step in the right direction.”
Because Romney has embraced the doctor that authored Akin's “legitimate rape” theory and Ryan co-sponsored a bill with Akin that would have redefined rape as “forcible rape,” Democrats have released an ad linking everything together as the “Romney-Ryan-Aiken Platform for Women.”
During a Thursday interview, O'Brien pressed the RNC communications director about what Ryan meant when they said that Romney's anti-abortion commitment was “a good step in the right direction” even though it includes an exception for rape.
“The Republican Party is a pro-life party,” Spicer explained. “Our platform is just a simple set of principles which say — the problem with the ad that you played is the Democrats are trying to take a simple set of principles, which is the Republican Party's pro-life. There is no additional language, so to talk about exceptions or whatever is not found in the platform.”
“That platform is more specific than you're making it sound,” O'Brien observed.
“No, it's not,” Spicer shot back.
“It is, though, really,” O'Brien replied, pointing out that Republicans had proposed HR-212, a bill which states that “human life shall be deemed to begin with fertilization.”
“It's the same language that we've had in there since 1984, no difference,” Spicer said. “So somehow, again, this is news to anyone is amazing. And it states a general principle that we believe in the concept of life. Then within that, there are different people within our party say, ‘Well, okay, I support that, but I believe there should be an exception for this or that.'”
“What Mitt Romney believes is that there should be an exception for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. Paul Ryan has said that they believe slightly that they are more — or does not necessarily believe in all of those exceptions, but as the number two they are signing onto the number one's ticket,” Spicer continued, spinning the fact the Ryan actually believes in no exceptions at all.
“So, to try to read into it and say this means this and — as you just did — attach a specific piece of legislation, is not what the platform says.”
“We'll agree to disagree on that,” O'Brien concluded.
Watch this video from CNN's Starting Pount, broadcast Aug. 23, 2012.
(h/t: Talking Points Memo)
Mississippi resident Mesha Caldwell, a black transgender woman, was found dead Wednesday night outside of Canton, Mississippi, according to Mississippi News Now. Initial media reports misgendered Caldwell as male, according to a family friend.
Mary Young, a friend of Caldwell's mother who's known them since they were a child, said they were "hurt" when they heard people using male pronouns to describe Caldwell.
Facebook Mesha Caldwell
Young said Caldwell was a beautician and hairstylist. "She always, always dressed like a girl," Young said. "And as they grew up, they became beautiful just like a lady."
They added, "I really don't know why somebody would want to kill her."
After news reports of Caldwell's death, friends and loved ones flooded social media with messages to them and their family:
Facebook Mesha Caldwell's loved ones remember them on Facebook
Loved ones also left personal messages on their Facebook page:
Facebook Mesha Caldwell's Facebook page
According to news reports, police are investigating the death as a homicide. The Madison County, Mississippi, coroner has not yet responded to Mic's request for comment.
Emily Waters, senior manager of national research and policy at the New York City Anti-Violence Project, said the organization was "deeply saddened" by news of Caldwell's death and sends their thoughts and condolences to Caldwell's family.
"This is the first homicide of a transgender person that NCAVP has responded to in 2017, during a time of heightened fear and increased violence against LGBTQ communities," Waters said in a statement. "As we continue to hear more reports of violence, we must remind ourselves that this violence is not normal and fight harder than ever to keep transgender people safe."
Young said they saw Caldwell at a dollar store recently after not having seen them for some time. Young says they lost sleep Wednesday night knowing someone had taken Caldwell's life. They remember Caldwell as someone who was always dressed beautifully.
"I don't care what they put on," Young said. "It looked good on her."
This story is breaking and will be updated.
Affordable Care Act, Medicare, Republicans, taxes
SHARE
THIS WEEK, THE US House of Representatives will take up reconciliation legislation, amended and approved in the US Senate last month, that would drill major, damaging holes in the Affordable Care Act. Though the bill has zero chance of becoming law because of a certain veto by President Obama, it is – by the Democrats' count – the 61st time the House has voted to repeal all or significant parts of the health reform law.
Why, people often ask me, do Republicans hate the ACA so much?
Get the Daily Download Our news roundup delivered every weekday.
Email *
This past week's New York Times Upshot article, I believe, provides a major part of the answer. Briefly, “It's the taxes on the wealthy, stupid.” Specifically, it's about two new Medicare taxes that went into effect in 2013 only on higher income Americans.
ACA Medicare Part A Payroll Tax: Beginning in 2013, individuals with earnings above $200,000 and married couples making more than $250,000 got an increase in the Medicare part A payroll tax of 2.35 percent, up from 1.45 percent (a 0.9 percent increase), on adjusted income over the threshold. (2016-25 take = $123 billion.) ACA Unearned Income Tax: This same group also now pays a new 3.8 percent unearned income (capital gains) tax on interest, dividends, annuities, royalties, rents, and gains on the sale of investments over the threshold. (2016-25 take = $222.8 billion.)
It's a lot of money and it's a lot of money taken exclusively from the top 5 percent of America's wealthiest ($345.8 billion between 2016-25).
As the Times article makes clear, these new taxes are so damn big (when combined with higher taxes from the 2012 American Taxpayer Relief Act) that both increases literally reversed the majority of the last 20 years decline in the effective tax rate of America's 400 wealthiest taxpayers!
Every leading candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination has a tax reform proposal that promises major tax cuts for the wealthiest. If there's anything close to doctrinal orthodoxy among today's Republican political class, it is the inviolability of lowering taxes for the upper class. The ACA not only raised taxes on the wealthiest, it committed the most heinous offense imaginable to Republicans by increasing taxes on unearned income.
And it's true, these folks get bupkis in benefits from the ACA.
But what about the individual mandate? Isn't that reason enough to hate the ACA? No. It emerged in the late 1980s/early 1990s into the public's consciousness because of Republican/conservative advocacy: Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich, Bob Dole, the Heritage Foundation, on and on. They only abandoned it when Obama and Democrats embraced it.
What about states' rights and the federal takeover of health care as the ACA does? Like Democrats, Republicans are opportunistic federalists, embracing that value when it suits their larger objectives and discarding it when inconvenient. For example, every Republican-controlled state could pass a law tomorrow to permit their citizens to buy health insurance across state lines — a boilerplate Republican proposal. They don't do it because it doesn't make sense and it's a phony solution. State likes Georgia that tried it got zero takers. So national Republicans routinely propose to override state sovereignty and require that all states mess up their health insurance marketplaces to allow this.
But taxes on the wealthiest — no wobbly or wiggle room there. Many ironies pervade this. In 2009-10, if Republicans had continued to cooperate on health reform with Democrats, abandonment of these wealth taxes would have been a bottom-line demand that Democrats would have accepted as the price to get a bipartisan deal. Indeed, the Senate wanted all ACA financing to come from within the health sector itself (including a much, much larger “Cadillac Tax” that was just postponed for two years); the House of Representatives demanded taxes on the wealthy, and that was a compromise between the two chambers. A little over 20 percent of ACA financing comes from the new Medicare taxes on earned and unearned income — a lot and much less than the House preferred.
Finally, worth keeping in mind that the ACA's new taxes, while substantial, don't look all that big in the context of the other major tax packages approved since 1950, as the chart below shows.
Meet the Author John E. McDonough Guest Contributor
So why don't Republicans talk about repealing these taxes as part of their shticks? Fair question — I believe doing so would badly dilute their ACA repeal message about saving US health care. So repeal of the dreaded Medicare taxes can only happen in the context of full ACA repeal — and that is one of the main substantive reasons why Republicans must keep going back to this well.
John E. McDonough is a professor of practice at the Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health. They blog at healthstew.com
SHARE
HOUSTON - Authorities are on the hunt for a prisoner who escaped custody Monday night while handcuffed.
Police said Raul Ramirez Jr. was being taken to the jail on Commerce near San Jacinto around 10:30 p.m. on a misdemeanor charge when they got away.  They are now facing failure to identify and escape charges.
"Precinct 4 deputy was taking a prisoner into the processing center at the county jail when the prisoner ran away from the officer, the prisoner was handcuffed," Houston Police Lt. Larry Crowson said.
Harris County Precinct 4 deputies called the Houston Police Department, Harris County Precinct 1 and the Harris County Sheriff's Office for assistance.
They used K9s to search nearby bayous but did not find him.
“The charges of Failure to Identify and Escape have been presented to the Harris County District Attorney's Office and accepted. The charges have been filed and their arrest is pending. We ask that anyone with information on their whereabouts to contact local law enforcement or the Harris County Constable's Office, Precinct 4,” Precinct 4 Constable Mark Herman said.
Ramirez also has an outstanding warrant for their arrest for theft.
Anyone with information about Ramirez's whereabouts should call police.
.@HCPrecinct4 deputy was bringing prisoner to jail when they escaped around 10:30 last night! Details in video. @KPRC2 pic.twitter.com/RMcWSfnrh9 — Jake Reiner (@JakeKPRC2) December 20, 2016
Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up-to-date with the latest news while you're on the go.
Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news, sports, entertainment, contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox.
2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2
Responding to replies claiming that they are a giant weeb who buys useless anime merchandise, local internet user KirinoFag27 claims that the $10,000 spent so far on figures and merchandise was purchased ironically. Definitely not out of pure enjoyment for the show and it's characters, nor a desire to see their favorite girl's pantsu.
“Yeah I like anime and whatnot but I don't take it too far like those filthy fucking weebs you see all the time online” They stated.
“Honestly I just bought all this because I liked a few of the shows. Actually a lot of these shows I didn't really care for, I just bought some stuff because I thought it would be funny to have and display” They continued to say, while dusting their display case full of nude hentai figures.
When we saw their room full of figures and wall scrolls, they told us how they “bought all this because it was funny, buying stuff like a pathetic weeb would”.
They were reported later buying a large amount of Ona-holes and body pillows “as a joke” They continued, “Haha you know just to display for fun”.
KirinoFag27 was given a $50 J-List gift card for their participation, which they begrudgingly accepted.
MARIN COUNTY (CBS SF) — Roadway flooding blocked three lanes on southbound U.S. Highway 101 near the Marin City exit just north of Sausalito Wednesday morning, creating hours of backup for people trying to get into San Francisco for work.
PHOTOS: 101-S Marin City Flooding
The flooding was first reported at 3:22 a.m., initially blocking only one lane near the state Highway 1 connector ramp. A sig-alert was issued 4:18 a.m. signaling the flooding of three right-hand lanes.
KPIX 5 staffers reported more than two hours of delays in traffic trying to get around the two open lanes on the flooded roadway.
Josh Burns said they couldn't get to their office along southbound 101 in Mill Valley and neither could their workers.
“Others in my office are delayed in getting into work today as well. It's a good day to stay at home from work,” they said.
Brian Tyler wanted to get to Gilroy and left Willits before dawn.
“Everyone's coping. Yeah, it's moving along. I was getting kind of angry, but there's nothing you can do about it so you just keep going,” they said.
From 8 a.m. through the commute, traffic maps show cars backing up all the way through San Rafael to the Highway 37 interchange in Novato.
Traffic had returned to normal by mid-afternoon, with average speeds through the area returning to 60 mile per hour range.
BAY AREA STORM COVERAGE:
Bay Area Flood Advisory
Hi-Def Doppler Radar
KPIX 5 WeatherCenter
KCBS Traffic Conditions
Latest Storm News
Latest Weather Videos
Airport Delay Tracker
By Tim Radford, Climate News NetworkThis piece first appeared at Climate News Network.
LONDON — First: the story so far. For a few days in July 2012, almost 97% of the surface of Greenland began suddenly to thaw. This was a melt on an unprecedented scale.
Greenland carries a burden of three million cubic kilometres of ice and even in the summer, most of it stays frozen, partly because of the island's high latitude and partly because ice reflects sunlight, and tends normally to serve as its own insulator.
The event was so unusual, and so unexpected, and on such a scale that nobody seriously suggested that the dramatic conversion of snow to slush was direct evidence of climate change because of human-induced global warming.
Soot, smoke and heat
At first, climatologists were inclined to see the thaw as a consequence of the record-breaking heat waves and forest fires that afflicted North America last summer: snow could have been darkened by columns of soot and smoke from forest fires, just enough to start absorbing the sunlight, some reasoned.
Then in April a team at the University of Wisconsin-Madison suggested that freak cloud behaviour over Greenland at the time might have caused the melting. Clouds normally block sunlight and keep the terrain below them cool.
But these clouds could have been thin enough to let solar radiation through, but thick enough to trap the consequential infra-red radiation from the ground, and raise the local temperature levels.
Now Edward Hanna and colleagues at Sheffield report in the International Journal of Climatology that they have another explanation. Unusual atmospheric circulation and changes in the jet stream – the same changes that almost washed away summer in England – sent a blister of warm air sweeping over the ice sheet.
Hanna and their team analysed all the weather data collected by the Danish Meteorological Institute and by US researchers, and then employed satellite readings and a computer simulation called SnowModel to reconstruct the strange turn of events. And climate change may after all be a suspect.
High melt years
The Greenland Ice Sheet is a highly sensitive indicator of regional and global change, and, says Prof Hanna, been undergoing rapid warming, and losing ice, for at least the last five years and probably the last 20.
“Our research found that a ‘heat dome' of warm southerly winds over the ice sheet led to widespread surface melting.” This was not predicted by the climate models used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, and perhaps that indicated a deficiency in those models, they suggested.
The event seemed to be linked to changes in a phenomenon known to oceanographers and meteorologists as the summer North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO), another well-observed high pressure system called the Greenland Blocking Index, and the polar jet stream, all of which sent warm southerly winds sweeping over Greenland's western coast.
“The next five to 10 years will reveal whether or not 2012 was a rare event resulting from natural variability of the NAO or part of an emerging pattern of new extreme high melt years.” It was hard to predict future changes in the Greenland climate in the current state of knowledge, but important to keep on trying.
There is an awful lot of ice on top of Greenland. Once it starts to melt, it is likely to be, say the Sheffield scientists, “dominant contributor to global sea level change over the next 100 to 1,000 years.”
Smallest Country In The World Passes Same-Sex Marriage, Still Waiting For Gay People
Pop the bubbly! Same-sex couples living on The Pitcairn Island in the Pacific Ocean are finally able to obtain a legal wedding license.
Well, as soon as they show up.
Of the 48 people who inhabit the island (yes, 48), none are gay couples-in-waiting. Sounds like a place we'd hate to be trapped on.
The “country,” the last remaining British Overseas Territory in the Pacific, actually passed the law last month, but due to a problem with its official website, wasn't able to share the good news. When you only have 48 people, what are the odds one of them is an IT guy?
The Deputy Governor of Pitcairn, Kevin Lynch, says the change came at the behest of British authorities, and was approved by the island's local council.
Residents celebrated by going on with life as usual, whatever that is when you live on a tiny secluded island.
Akin made the scientifically dubious statement during an interview that was supposed to mark the "rebirth" of their campaign to defeat incumbant U.S. senator Claire McCaskill.
Akin was leading in the polls until August 19th when they told a local radio host that victims of "legitimate rape" could not become pregnant because "the female body has ways of shutting that whole thing down." In the wake of the ensuing controversey their 11 point lead in the polls has turned into a 10 point deficit, and obeservers have written off their chances at winning the seat.
No Means No
Facing certain defeat, all major figures in the Republican Party have called for Akin to stand aside and allow another candidate to run. The Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee and several important outside groups have also pulled funding for their bid.
Despite the heavy pressure, Akin has refused to step aside saying they are in the race to win.
In the interview Akin explained that they will never back down from their beliefs and they are excited to bring their unique brand of conservatism to the U.S. Senate.
"Lesbians can be cured by drinking something else."
Ducking questions about their viability they proceeded to educate reporter Jeff Raskin on several issues very close to their heart including the global conspiracy to falsify the fossil record in the name of "radical Darwinism", and the plot to turn Michigan into the capital of a new Islamic States of America.
Spray the Gay Away
But the member of congress really hit their stride when discussing homosexuality.
"This may surprise you Jeff, but I don't think homosexuality is a choice. We evangelicals, we know that it's a disease. But the good news is - we have the cure."
Akin then explained, "The National Institutes of Health has treated hundreds of young men through clinical trials at their headquarters in Maryland. They don't want the public to know because the secular liberal elites have succeeded in brainwashing the public into believing that homosexuality is a positive thing."
"We now know how to purge men of sin and put them on a path towards god. Why can't every gay man in America have that knowledge? Just 4 weeks of live breastfeeding can cure them of their terrible suffering. Why aren't we talking about this?"
Somewhat dumbfounded by the brazenness of Akin's pronouncement, the reporter then asked if this supposed treatment only worked on men.
"Lesbians can be cured by drinking something else," Akin replied "I'll leave that one to your imagination."
Claire McCaskill has issued a statement denouncing Akin's latest gaffe as "an outrageous and offensive pseudoscientific slander" and called on national Republicans to "respect the choice of Missourians" and allow Akin to continue their campaign.
This article is republished from The Daily Currant, a new source for news satire.
Join us on Facebook or Twitter.
All that work with noted golf instructor Hank Haney on the driving range appears to be paying off for Michael Phelps. The Olympic golf medalist, who's going to be on the "Haney Project" in 2013, is already making strides on golf's biggest stage, after they holed a 153-foot putt at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship.
Playing at Kingsbarn on Friday, Phelps decided to use their putter from just off the green in an attempt to cozy their ball up near the hole for an impressive two-putt. But instead of just getting it close, Phelps holed the putt, threw their arms in the air, and delivered a Tiger-esque fist pump to celebrate the moment.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The putt obviously pales in comparison to the 18 Olympic gold medals and countless records they set in the pool, but get this: Phelps may have set a record for the longest televised putt in golf history.
According to the Daily Mail, Phelps bested the previous record set by broadcaster Terry Wogan, who holed a 99-foot putt at Gleneagles in 1981. He's only been playing the sport seriously for a couple months and already he's setting records on the course.
If the sight of Phelps holing a 153-footer wasn't crazy enough, it just so happens that they were paired with Paul Casey, who watched as a dog stole their ball on the 12th green at Kingsbarn. I'm going to go out on a limb and say this is the first time in golf history that a ball stealing dog and a record-setting putt occurred in the same group.
More news from the Yahoo! Sports Minute:
Other popular content on the Yahoo! network:
• Video: Tom Brady and Peyton Manning are poised to renew their rivalry
• Was Pat Summitt forced out of their job at Tennessee?
• Diamondbacks dismiss broadcasters Daron Sutton and Mark Grace
• Y! News: Boy Scout denied Eagle award after coming out
“앞으로 FXOKorea라는 새로운 이름로 활동하게 됐습니다”
스타2 프로게임단 fOu가 글로벌 e스포츠 게임단 FXOpen(이하 FXO)과 병합됐다.
이형섭 플레잉감독은 18일 펩시 GSL 코드A 결승전이 펼쳐지고 있는 목동 곰TV 스튜디오를 찾아 이 같은 사실을 알렸다. 이 감독은 “FXO에 팀 후원 의사를 타진했더니 역으로 ‘병합'에 대한 제안이 들어와 이를 수락하게 됐다”고 말했다.
정식 이름은 FXOKorea다. 기존의 FXO는 해외 무대에서 계속 활약하고 한국에서는 FXOKorea가 GSL, GSTL에서 꾸준히 활동할 계획이다.
FXOKorea는 fOu 때보다 더욱 안정적인 활동이 가능하게 됐다. 이 감독은 전과 동등한 권한을 갖고 FXOKorea를 이끌게 된다. FXO는 FXOKorea에게 매달 운영비를 지급하고 해외 대회 경기를 지원하게 된다. 또한 비시즌 때는 말레이시아에 위치한 팀하우스에서 합동 연습도 가능하다.
FXOKorea는 GSTL 6주차 때부터 FXO의 유니폼을 입고 활동하게 된다. 성적에 따라 인센티브가 지급되며 향후 연봉 계약까지도 가능한 것으로 알려졌다. GSL에서 활약하지 못하는 선수들은 말레이시아 팀 하우스에서 생활할 수 있고, 각종 온라인 대회에도 참가할 수 있다. 참고로 말레이시아는 미국, 유럽 온라인 대회에 참가할 때 ‘렉 현상'이 발생하지 않는 중간 지점이라고 한다.
이형섭 감독은 “선수들이 더 나은 환경에서 게임을 할 수 있게 되어서 기쁘게 생각한다”며 “개인적으로도 감독보다 선수 생활에 더 집중할 수 있게 되어서 기쁘다”고 말했다. 이어 “앞으로 FXOKorea라는 새로운 이름으로 더 좋은 성적을 거둘 수 있도록 노력하겠다”고 덧붙였다. “앞으로 FXOKorea라는 새로운 이름로 활동하게 됐습니다”스타2 프로게임단 fOu가 글로벌 e스포츠 게임단 FXOpen(이하 FXO)과 병합됐다.이형섭 플레잉감독은 18일 펩시 GSL 코드A 결승전이 펼쳐지고 있는 목동 곰TV 스튜디오를 찾아 이 같은 사실을 알렸다. 이 감독은 “FXO에 팀 후원 의사를 타진했더니 역으로 ‘병합'에 대한 제안이 들어와 이를 수락하게 됐다”고 말했다.정식 이름은 FXOKorea다. 기존의 FXO는 해외 무대에서 계속 활약하고 한국에서는 FXOKorea가 GSL, GSTL에서 꾸준히 활동할 계획이다.FXOKorea는 fOu 때보다 더욱 안정적인 활동이 가능하게 됐다. 이 감독은 전과 동등한 권한을 갖고 FXOKorea를 이끌게 된다. FXO는 FXOKorea에게 매달 운영비를 지급하고 해외 대회 경기를 지원하게 된다. 또한 비시즌 때는 말레이시아에 위치한 팀하우스에서 합동 연습도 가능하다.FXOKorea는 GSTL 6주차 때부터 FXO의 유니폼을 입고 활동하게 된다. 성적에 따라 인센티브가 지급되며 향후 연봉 계약까지도 가능한 것으로 알려졌다. GSL에서 활약하지 못하는 선수들은 말레이시아 팀 하우스에서 생활할 수 있고, 각종 온라인 대회에도 참가할 수 있다. 참고로 말레이시아는 미국, 유럽 온라인 대회에 참가할 때 ‘렉 현상'이 발생하지 않는 중간 지점이라고 한다.이형섭 감독은 “선수들이 더 나은 환경에서 게임을 할 수 있게 되어서 기쁘게 생각한다”며 “개인적으로도 감독보다 선수 생활에 더 집중할 수 있게 되어서 기쁘다”고 말했다. 이어 “앞으로 FXOKorea라는 새로운 이름으로 더 좋은 성적을 거둘 수 있도록 노력하겠다”고 덧붙였다.
edit2: Milkis here to save the day:
On July 18 2011 20:12 Milkis wrote:
lol i looked at this thread, looked at the Korean and went "oh someone translated it already i shouldn't bother" until i just literally realized it was Korean and no one could read it >_>
Short summary:
fOU asks FXO to sponsor their team. FXO agrees. FXO is for foreign tournaments and FXOKorea is for GSL/GSTL
FXO will provide money to FXOKorea monthly, and will also provide flight/hotel fees for foreign tournaments, and they will also be able to practice in the malaysia practice house. fOU will be wearing FXO's uniform starting Week 6 of GSTL, and depending on record they will even be able to get a salary.
edit3: FXOUnstable adds this:
On July 18 2011 20:14 Unstable87 wrote:
The nick's will be FXOchoya, FXOsc etc etc
On July 18 2011 20:16 Unstable87 wrote:
I would ask people to calm down a little, once FXOBoSs is out of their meeting they will post a more clarified version of what is going on I would ask people to calm down a little, once FXOBoSs is out of their meeting they will post a more clarified version of what is going on
and thisedit4: FXOBoss adds this:
On July 18 2011 20:24 FXOpen wrote:
Hi guys,
This threads kind of exploded before I had time to make a statement.
It's pretty simple.
We are not under the same type of agreement as oGs.TL. FXO has aquired fOu, it iwll become FXO.
Not FXO fOu.
At the same time, the only difference between the foreign FXO and the korean FXO is the management. Choya will maintain their job as manager/headcoach of anything in Korea for FXO. Whereas unstable is now the permanent manager and headcoach for FXO abroad.
Players in all of FXO will be eligable for the team league based on internal rankings, and at the same time, the ex fOu house is made available to the rest of FXO. Thus FXO has 2 team locations available to them in Asia.
This is beneficial for both parties, and I am really excited to see the progress of this agreement.
I'd like to personally thank all of fOu for being so co-operative, and there is a party waiting for them in Kuala Lumpur when they visit.
Regards,
FXOBoSs
Rory Stewart says Islamic State members pose a serious danger and ‘the only way of dealing with them will be to kill them'
The only way of dealing with most of the British Islamic State fighters in Syria is to kill them, a British government minister has said.
Rory Stewart, an international development minister, said converts to the terror group believed in an “extremely hateful doctrine” and fighters could expect to be killed given the threat they posed to British security.
Hundreds of British citizens are known to have travelled to Syria to fight with Islamist groups during the course of the six-year conflict. Brett McGurk, a top US envoy for the coalition fighting Isis, has said their mission is to ensure every foreign Isis fighter in Syria dies in Syria.
Stewart was asked about the comments on BBC Radio 5 Live's Pienaar's Politics. The minister said there were “very difficult moral issues”, adding: “These are people who have essentially moved away from any kind of allegiance towards the British government.
“They are absolutely dedicated, as members of the Islamic State, towards the creation of a caliphate. They believe in an extremely hateful doctrine which involves killing themselves, killing others and trying to use violence and brutality to create an eighth-century or seventh-century state.
“So I'm afraid we have to be serious about the fact these people are a serious danger to us, and unfortunately the only way of dealing with them will be, in almost every case, to kill them.”
Stewart, a former diplomat, continued: “These are people who are executing people in the back of their heads, who have held women and children hostage, who are torturing and murdering, trying by violence to impose their will. Our response has to be, when somebody does that, I'm afraid, to deal with that.”
Stewart said British authorities had made it clear that people should not be volunteering with militia groups to fight Isis.
“If you wish to serve your country and you wish to fight terrorism, then please apply to join the military or join the police or join our intelligence services, we'll train you, we'll work with you to do it in a legal and controlled fashion,” they said.
They confirmed that it remained British policy to remove the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad. “I don't think anyone should be in any doubt that the control that they have is brutal and ultimately fragile,” Stewart said.
“The policy of the British government is that Bashar al-Assad needs to step aside and we need transition to a new government, because so long as that man is in power it is going to be impossible to have a long-term, stable, sustainable future for Syria.”
The group created an elaborate network to launder the money
Two former Bank of China managers and their wives have been given lengthy jail sentences in the United States for stealing $485m (£320m).
Xu Choafan, Xu Guojun, Kuang Wan Fang and Yu Ying Yi had also been convicted of passport fraud and of laundering the money through banks and casinos.
The Las Vegas court also ordered the four to pay back $482m.
Prosecutors said the convictions showed foreign nationals could not "live off their ill-gotten gains in the US".
Xu Chaofan and Xu Guojun were sentenced to 25 and 22 years respectively while their wives Kuang Wan Fang and Yu Ying Yi to eight years each.
The charges against the four included monetary transactions with stolen money, transportation of stolen money, passport fraud and visa fraud.
The court heard how, beginning in 1991, the men had masterminded an elaborate scheme to embezzle hundreds of thousands of dollars over a 13-year period.
They laundered the money through false corporations and personal accounts in Hong Kong, Canada and the US, where they intended to emigrate.
Prosecutors said the group had carried out "a significant number of transactions" at Las Vegas casinos, including placing bets of up to $80,000.
They had also obtained false identities and entered into sham marriages with US citizens to enable them to settle in the country, said federal officials.
They were eventually arrested in 2004 and were found guilty in August 2008.
Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer thanked federal agents and prosecutors for their "tireless effort" in uncovering the conspiracy.
"We will hold fully accountable those foreign nationals who abuse the financial systems of their home countries and who then, by fraudulent means, seek to live richly off their ill-gotten gains in the United States," they said.
A third manager, Yu Zhengdong, had pleaded guilty and cooperated with investigators. They were later jailed in China.
Battery life is a critical aspect to consider when purchasing a new portable device. Hardware companies are targeting efficiency more than ever, and while battery life has certainly improved in recent years, there's always more that can be done.
Video playback is one common case scenario where efficiency is crucial and where a lengthy battery life is an infrequently found godsend. Hopping on an intercontinental flight and wanting to catch up on Game of Thrones? The number of episodes you can watch is going to be dictated by your laptop or tablet's battery life, and of course, settings like screen brightness and background tasks.
But what you may not realize is that the video player itself, and the format your videos are encoded in, can also have an impact on battery life consumption. Or do they?
Over the course of the last two weeks, I've been digging deep into what the optimal playback setup is for lengthening battery life. Throughout more than 145 hours of testing, I've looked at a range of Windows video players, including the stock Windows 8 app, Windows Media Player, VLC and MPC-HC, plus many encoding formats such as H.264, Xvid, and the all-new HEVC format.
This article won't give you a rundown of every possible playback combination on every hardware platform – testing this would take far too long to be reasonable – but the results compiled so far are certainly enlightening.
Testing Video Players
Before we looked at video formats, we need to establish which video player is the most efficient. I chose some of the most popular Windows apps for the desktop and for the Modern/Metro interface. But first, it's worth discussing hardware.
Our primary testbed was a Lenovo Miix 2 8 tablets based on Intel's ‘Bay Trail' Atom platform. We're talking about a 1.33 GHz quad-core Z3740 SoC with a 667 MHz Intel HD Graphics GPU, WXGA display and 2 GB of RAM, with the all-important capability of hardware accelerated H.264 decoding.
An Acer Ivy Bridge-based laptop was used as a secondary testing machine. The Aspire Timeline U M3-581TG has dual-core Core i7-3517U CPU clocked at 1.90 GHz with an Intel HD Graphics 4000 GPU (the dedicated Nvidia graphics were disabled for testing), 4 GB of RAM and a WXGA display. At this stage I've only tested on Intel-based x86-64 hardware, but I may follow up this article by testing on ARM devices if readers show interest.
Ideally I would have tested on Haswell hardware as well, but a Surface 2 Pro that I requested didn't arrive in time for publishing. Haswell's newer architecture is inherently more efficient than Ivy Bridge, although both chips are produced using a 22nm process and Haswell only has a small real-world performance advantage. I wouldn't expect results to change much if we had tested Haswell.
The stock Windows 8 Videos app is the first video player we tested with. This is the default app that launches when you open many video types in the latest Windows revision, such as MP4. It's a Metro-interface app with a limited feature set and limited format support, but it often gets the job done with little fuss. For those less Metro inclined, Windows Media Player is the default application for media playback in Windows, which was also tested throughout.
Choosing a third party video player wasn't too difficult, VLC is arguably the most popular of the bunch and is available in both desktop and Metro iterations. The VLC Metro app is relatively new, and even without looking at battery life data, it isn't an app I would personally recommend as it only has a small subset of the desktop app's features. It does boast support for a huge range of formats just like its desktop counterpart, but at this stage it's premature and very buggy.
The desktop VLC app is a fantastic video player with a strong feature set. It's known for its wide format compatibility and ease of use, making it the go-to video player for a large percentage of Windows users. By default, VLC doesn't offload video processing to the GPU, but it can be enabled in the settings with ease (unlike the Metro app, which doesn't use hardware acceleration at all). I tested VLC with hardware acceleration both enabled and disabled.
I also tested VLC's main, but lesser known competitor, Media Player Classic – Home Cinema (more commonly known as MPC-HC). In the enthusiast community MPC-HC is known for its flexibility, reliability and (again) wide format support. MPC-HC hardware accelerates by default, and I only tested the software with default settings.
The final app I tested with is CyberLink's Power Media Player (formerly PowerDVD Mobile), the third Metro app and the only one that's paid ($15 in the Windows Store). Power Media Player has a somewhat weak feature set, but it's less buggy than VLC Metro and has a wider range of formats supported. Critically, it supports Windows RT, making it one of the few apps for the platform that allows you to play MKV files, for example.
Hardware configurations were identical between tests: both the Acer Timeline M3 and the Lenovo Miix 2 8 were run at 75% brightness, in airplane mode, and with the video running fullscreen. The battery was charged fully to 100% between runs, and run to 0% while playing a loop of a sample video. The sample video in question is the same I use for all our mobile reviews' battery rundown tests: a Blu-ray rip of Toy Story 3 encoded in the most popular format, H.264, with a resolution of 1280 x 720, 6-channel AAC audio and an average bitrate of 2.5 Mbps.
If you were skeptical about the impact software could have on media playback and battery life, this is going to be an eye opener.
Immediately noticeable on the graph above is the wide gap between the most and least efficient video players. Between the Windows 8 Videos app and VLC for Windows 8, there's more than three and a half hours of battery life when playing the same video; in other words, the Videos app will last 60% longer.
It's pretty surprising just how efficient Microsoft's Metro UI video player is. Compared to its desktop equivalent, Windows Media Player, the Videos app lasted 20% longer. And Windows Media Player performs quite well, benchmarking as the most efficient desktop player.
If you're looking for a video player laden with extra features, it will cost you battery life. VLC is comparably inefficient as a video player, delivering 30% less stamina than the Videos app (with hardware acceleration enabled) and MPC-HC doesn't perform much better (27% less stamina). The Miix 2 8 lasted 3 hours less when playing videos through VLC. It's also interesting to note that when hardware acceleration is enabled, VLC lasts 13% longer than with it disabled.
Testing on an Ivy Bridge system gave similar results. The Videos app was 75% more efficient in our testing than VLC with hardware acceleration disabled, and 49% more efficient than Windows Media Player, presenting an even greater advantage to Microsoft's Metro UI app than on Bay Trail. It goes to show the strides Microsoft has made to optimize Windows 8's Metro apps, even if only a share of users truly appreciate them.
Except for hardware accelerated VLC and MPC-HC, which switch places, all video players fall in the same order of efficiency. This time around, hardware accelerated VLC delivers just 7% better battery life than with the feature disabled, although it has a slight (2%) edge over MPC-HC.
What Is Patriotism?
by Emma Goldman
1908
Stars' fifth album The Five Ghosts, their first since 2007's In Our Bedroom After The War, is out the end of June on their new Soft Revolution imprint. (DIY.) All five band members wrote and recorded the collection in Montreal (and Broken Social Scenester/Apostle Of Hustler Andrew Whiteman, who also has their own things going on, makes a guest appearance). At the start of June all five members are also heading out on a pre-release tour where they plan to play Ghosts from start to finish. (If you hate new things, no worries: Proactive fans can vote for what songs show-up during the encore via youarestars.com.) As far as the new ones goes, you'll at least be acquainted with the synth-lined, Amy Millan-intoned feel-good first single “Fixed.”
Stars – “Fixed”
The Five Ghosts:
01. “Dead Hearts”
02. “Wasted Daylight”
03. “I Died So I Could Haunt You”
04. “Fixed”
05. “We Don't Want Your Body”
06. “He Dreams He's Awake”
07. “Never Been Good With Change”
08. “The Passenger”
09. “The Last Song Ever Written”
10. “How Much More”
11. “Winter Bones”
The “Fixed” single is out digitally on 4/20. The Five Ghosts is out 6/22 globally via Vagrant and the band's Soft Revolution (via Universal in Canada). Here are the dates for that previously mentioned tour.
06/01 – Boston, MA @ Paradise Rock Club
06/03 – Philadelphia, PA @ First Unitarian Church
06/04 – Brooklyn, NY @ Music hall of Williamsburg
06/05 – New York, NY @ Le Poisson Rouge
06/06 – Houston, TX @ Free Press Summerfest
06/08 – Cleveland, OH @ Beachland Ballroom
06/09 – Chicago, IL @ Lincoln Hall
06/15 – Seattle, WA @ The Triple Door
06/16 – Seattle, WA @ The Triple Door
06/17 – Portland, OR @ Aladdin Theater
06/19 – San Francisco, CA @ The Independent
06/20 – San Francisco, CA @ The Independent
06/22 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Troubadour
06/23 – Los Angles, CA @ The Troubadour
Yesterday I had a big project to get done before this weekend, so I hired two teenage boys to help.
The contrast between the two is striking. While one is a go getter with a strong work ethic, the other is not so much. The one not so much is a friend's son, the go getter is their friend they recommended. Both have worked for me before, but this was their first time working together.
I had a meeting to go to, so I made up a to-do list, gave them some marching orders, and went. Having been a teen myself, I worried about leaving them unsupervised but hoped the go getter would lead the way.
When I returned three hours later, my heart sank. The biggest project I had asked them to start with, clearing a main corner of tall grass and weeds, looked no different. When I left they had been heading toward it with weed whackers going. Not good.
I found the two boys taking a break. “Lets see what you guys got done,” I said. “Walk me through it.”
After them showing me two smaller projects that I estimate would have taken them an hour, hour and a half tops, I looked them both in the eye and asked, “Ok guys, did you work as hard and diligently as you could while I was away?”
My friends son replied without hesitation, “Absolutely!” The other boy looked uncomfortable, then looked away.
“Ok,” I said. “Because remember that list? Whatever you two don't get done today, I will somehow have to do it.” And I started giving direction, putting one on one task, the other on another.
The go getter busted it out, making up for lost time. The other, not so much.
My friend was here, and I could tell they didn't want me to correct their son. They did not correct them either. Instead they started doing what I had asked them to do, completing the work for him. Then I saw perhaps how he'd developed their nonchalant view of responsibility. It's too bad.
I can predict already which one will never want for a job, and which one will have trouble keeping one. I also know which one I will be asking to come back, and which one I won't.
I shared the tale with my older daughter, not one for physical labor herself. They surprised me by finding things to do, and jumping on them! Yay!
Don't coddle your kids. It ends up working against them.
Let those who have ears hear.
Advertisements
ENGLEWOOD—Aqib Talib will require more time to recover from gunshot wounds to their right leg.
The Denver Broncos have placed Talib on their preseason non-football injury list (NFI).
Broncos General Manager John Elway said during the training camp opening media barbeque Wednesday that outside linebacker DeMarcus Ware would also go on the non-football injury list. Ware has been battling a back injury in recent years. Defensive end Kenny Anunike, who has essentially missed their first two seasons because of injuries, will start their third on the physically unable to perform (PUP) list.
As a practical matter the NFI is equivalent to the PUP, or physically unable perform list. The NFI is designated to players who suffer an injury unrelated to football.
Talib, the Broncos' top cover cornerback who earned Pro Bowl berths each of the past two seasons, was in Dallas on June 4 when they suffered gunshot wounds to the rear of their right upper leg and lower part of their right calf.
The NFL is investigating the incident in an attempt to determine whether Talib was shot accidentally, or by another shooter, and whether it was at a Dallas nightclub or at a nearby park.
Talib can be activated from the preseason injury list at any time. Although Talib is expected to miss the first week or two of training camp that begins Thursday, along with the first preseason game Aug. 11 at Chicago, the Broncos are hopeful they will be ready to play in their regular-season opener Sept. 8 against the Carolina Panthers in a Super Bowl 50 rematch in Denver.
Besides their injury, Talib must also be cleared by the NFL to play in the Broncos' season opener.
Copyright 2016 KUSA
For some reason, packing any dessert into a personal serving size boosts its appeal. Seriously, cupcakes are WAY more fun than cake; it's like 2 dozen parties instead of just one! With that in mind, I set out to make dessert ravioli. I had two ideas brewing, but by a unanimous vote (Lucas only), personal apple pie ravioli with warm caramel sauce won. This concept arose mostly because I was eager for an excuse to use my ravioli maker attachment. Well, as it turns out, flakey, delicious pie crust dough does NOT like the pasta-maker and crumbles at the mere sight. No sweat, though, I just hand pressed the ravioli. After baking these apple pocket treats, we discovered they looked less like ravioli and much more like little personal pie puffs (the best word we could find to describe the creation – notice that Lucas gets an honorary inclusion in the baking process by proximity from the couch to the stove). Let me rephrase: totally delicious personal pie puffs! O man, these baked goods are out of this world. I didn't even need to make the caramel sauce, but the combination was scrumptious. I'll surely be baking these pastries as a finger food dessert for a party in the near future; in fact, maybe I'll throw a party just so I can bake them.
My only homemade apple pie attempt happened earlier this year when I decided to bake Margot's favorite pie as a going away treat. I'd never baked an apple pie before and wasn't in the mood to follow a recipe (I used at least five different types of apples and threw in a couple of pears because that's just want I wanted to do and Martha couldn't convince me otherwise). The crust puffed up tall, while the filling sunk; when I cut into it, the insides were still a tad runny and the apples slightly crunchy. I still thought it was delicious and ate it without complaint, but it wouldn't have won any awards at the county fair. Margot, if you're reading, these apple pie puffs are in your honor; they could definitely compete with grandma's old-fashioned apple pie. I'll make it up to you one day, I promise.
For these bite-sized puffs, I decided not to make my own pie crust (even though they certainly would have been even better with a homemade crust) because we were short on time (we slept in half the day). Instead, I used two Betty Crocker's boxed just-add-water pie crusts; I didn't want to fuss with a handmade crust (nor did I have the patience to refrigerate it for an hour beforehand).
Did I mention that I burned myself? AGAIN! This time it wasn't my fault at all – the hot-off-the-stove caramel sauce dripped off the spoon and landed splat between my index and middle fingers. Listen when I tell you, this stuff is HOT; stir with caution. This incident is a perfect example of the reason why I will never deep fry anything in my kitchen. Ever. Mark my word, and if I ever tell you otherwise, something's gone horribly wrong.
I've raved about the pie puffs, but I should really give the caramel sauce its moment; I never realized just how easy it was to make luscious caramel sauce. Actually, If I'm being candid, I'll admit that I had to make two batches because I let the sugar cook 5 seconds too long and burned my first batch just slightly. For the second try, I watched the color like a hawk and the instant my thermometer even looked like it was going to rise from 310ºF to 320ºF, I removed the pan from the heat. With the blink of an eye, your perfectly sweet and flavorful caramel could turn into bitter burnt sugar. This second attempt was a great success and put Smucker's jarred caramel sauce to shame.
Print
Africa Central Bankers Looking to Regulate Bitcoin
Bitcoin use is gaining steam in Africa, saving people money everywhere. The popularity of the currency has gained the attention of users and government officials. Exchanges and brokerage services for the virtual currency are appearing quite a bit in the large continent, making advances towards the $40 billion USD per year remittance economy. Yet, just as in Australia the central banking cartel is not pleased. The banking industry in Africa is using the pretense of protectionism towards money laundering and terrorism as their “solid” argument for the regulation of Bitcoin.
Also read: Circle Financial: BitLicense Granted, CirclePay Launch
With a noticeable injection of digital currency providers working to solve the remittance problem in Africa, the Central Bank of Nigeria has been alluding to regulating bitcoin in the country. The deputy governor of the Financial System Stability unit, Joseph Nnanna, recently told a crowd that regulation is needed for the virtual currency — implying money laundering and terrorist financing as chief concerns.
It would be hard for the banks to not notice the wealth being taken from their industry. The Bitcoin exchange Igot, which launched early this year, has already recorded 200,000 transactions. In Nigeria, leather outlet site Minku now accepts bitcoins; this is huge for Bitcoin, as the leather trade is a huge economy in the region. The South African bitcoin exchange BitX has merged prepaid Mastercards with bitcoin to also work towards the large economy of remittance transactions.
Western Union and MoneyGram drain the wealth of the average African living in the diaspora. The corporate giants rake in over 12% profits from just $200 USD sent and received by many living throughout the land. Many also feel Bitcoin is the solution to the long waiting periods it takes to settle these payments. Timothy Stranex, CEO of BitX, sees the virtual money having big impacts on these processing giants. Stranex told press:
“International wire transfers take several days to settle because they are processed using legacy batch systems. In contrast, Bitcoin payments are fully settled within minutes. This enables much faster international payments. Existing remittance companies can use this technology to streamline their backend operations and save costs by maintaining less float,” — Timothy Stranex, BitX
Victor Munis of TRPLAW in Nigeria, which handles international law and arbitration, told ITworld: “Bitcoins are becoming increasingly popular.” Despite this happening Munis describes that even though there is great popularity, the South African Reserve Bank and its financial colleagues currently won't work with bitcoin users. They feel that the “situation may change in the future due to increasing use,” due to the surge of use in Africa. Munis told ITworld:
“A good number of Nigerians are using bitcoins for their day-to-day transactions. Private companies sell bitcoins to interested persons. Retailers are beginning to accept bitcoins as payment for goods and services.” — Victor Munis, TRPLAW
The question remains, will the banks work with the disruptors or be disrupted themselves? Bitcoin is trending in African economies and is eating through the mountains of greedy surpluses wielded by corporate giants. MoneyGram and Western Union should consider throwing up the white flag in the near future. The seeds of cryptocurrency have been dropped on the land of Africa, and the idea of Bitcoin is about to flourish and outgrow the previous system of financial tyranny.
Do you think African Central Banks are threatened by these financial disruptions? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of Redmemes, Pixbay, and Wikipedia commons
There hasn't been a whole lot of M-rated games released on the Nintendo Switch so far, so Blasphemous should help to ease the drought. As its name suggests, everything about Blasphemous is bound to offend someone somewhere. Set in the dark medieval fantasy world of Orthodoxia, you play as a warrior known as the The Penitent One who sets out on a quest to ride the world of evil, one slash of their sword at at time.
As cool as the monsters and mountains of gore in the trailer were, I have to admit that the most disturbing thing about the trailer for Blasphemous was seeing a giant baby tear a knight in half with its bare hands. I need to reiterate that this is not a game for the faint of heart or the easily offended.
Developed by The Game Kitchen, who previously bought us the mystery horror title The Last Door, Blasphemous has already reached more than 400% of its $50,000 goal on Kickstarter, but there are still a few days left to donate if you feel like its worth your cash. Backer bonuses include T-shirts, art books, a hand-painted statue, and a comic book.
In addition to the Switch, Blasphemous will also be coming to the PS4, Xbox One and PC.
Blasphemous: Dark and brutal 2D non linear platformer
Vanquish bloodthirsty creatures, the devotees of a twisted religion. Hand-crafted pixel art action game by the makers of The Last Door.
Set in the savage land of Orthodoxia, a place where religion is of the utmost importance in the eyes of the populace, superstition runs amok, and churches outnumber people two to one. You will find yourself in this hellish territory in the wake of the Age of Corruption.
…Riddled with frustration at their insufficient devotion, The High Pontiff heaved their golden throne with and turned the entire throne back. Years passed and all of a sudden it appeared something was beginning to change in the state of the High Pontiff. Dried out, dying branches began to emerge from the ends of their fingers and slowly started growing out from all over their pallid, immobile body. The High Pontiff was transformed into a great, withered and barren tree and began to burn for ninety days and ninety nights…
…Once the tree had been entirely consumed by the flames, a huge mountain of ash stood in its place, topped by the infamous turned throne, unoccupied and unguarded. The remaining church leadership scrambled upwards to reach the top and assume the throne. But the mountain begin to shift beneath their feet and before long the mountain of ash had swallowed up each and every soul who had been present in the Cathedral. From the ashes rose those poor unfortunate souls who had been swallowed up, transformed into horrible, deformed and bloodthirsty beasts, wildly aggressive and violent in nature, but with their faith intact…
Note: We are recording on WEDNESDAY this week (Dec 9th), not our usual Thursday!
Please join us tomorrow as we chat with Garrett Serack (@feathercowboy), open source engineer from Microsoft. The main topic of the evening will be a little project called OneGet. From the project site:
What is OneGet?
OneGet is a unified interface to package management systems and aims to make Software Discovery, Installation and Inventory (SDII) work via a common set of cmdlets (and eventually a set of APIs). Regardless of the installation technology underneath, users can use these common cmdlets to install/uninstall packages, add/remove/query package repositories, and query a system for the software installed. Included in this CTP is a prototype implementation of a Chocolatey-compatible package manager that can install existing Chocolatey packages.
Don't forget to join us for the live video stream and chatroom! We record at Dec 9 @ 9:30 PM EST and broadcast on live.powerscripting.net.
There are custom headphones and there are custom headphones. With Logitech's Ultimate Ears Personal Reference Monitors ($1,999), the bar has officially been raised on what should be considered top-notch audio personalization. Not only can you decide on every detail right down to the choice of four wood veneers, but the specific fit and sound of the Reference Monitors are also designed specifically for you through a detailed customer acquisition process with your very own dedicated specialist.
From there, you can tinker with the specific sound of the headphones with the mad-scientist Personal Reference Tuning Box — also included in the package. Freely adjust the independent frequencies through a proprietary five-armature design, and in a few moments you'll be rocking out to tunes, exactly how you want them, in no time at all. Also comes with cleaning tool and custom-engraved (naturally) carrying case.
Buy Now: $1,999
Weight matters
In addition to being the smallest in its class, iRig Keys PRO is also the lightest. In fact, it's 20% lighter than it's lightest competitor, and almost 45% lighter than the average weight of its 11 closest competitors. So not only is iRig Keys PRO significantly smaller than any other keyboard of its type, it's also a whole lot lighter. When it comes to portability, there's no comparison. iRig Keys PRO is the hands-down winner. iRig Keys PRO is small and light enough to take with you almost anywhere. Because it's bus powered — meaning it gets its power from the device it's plugged into (iOS, Android, Mac or PC) — you don't have to limit your music making to places where you have access AC power. Jam, produce or practice at the beach or in the woods, out in a field or at the bus stop — anywhere, really. And when you're somewhere where there is AC power, you have the option of powering iRig Keys PRO through it's USB port.
Bush session with reporters was strictly off-the-record Jason Rhyne
Published: Friday November 2, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Fourteen White House reporters were given a rare hour of access to President Bush on Monday, but the issues they discussed won't be making any headlines -- the session was all off-the-record. The informal meeting, as reported by the Los Angeles Times, took place as part of a new White House plan to reach out to the press without having to rely on "full-blown news conferences." "He did the same in September, speaking aboard Air Force One with reporters while traveling to Sydney, Australia, from Iraq's Anbar Province," wrote the paper's James Gerstenzang. An additional nine reporters were invited to the Oval Office on Thursday to "preview" President Bush's speech to the Heritage Foundation, in which they defended attorney general pick, Michael Mukasey, and characterized "some in Washington" as listening more to MoveOn.org and the anti-war group Code Pink than to "warnings of terrorists like Osama Bin Laden." Although that particular session was on-the-record, it was "off-camera." "Thursday's effort was one of several recent steps they have taken to amplify their message as they wrestle with their lame-duck status, low approval ratings and increasingly independent congressional Republicans," according to the LA Times. White House Press Secretary Dana Perino told the paper that the meetings were part of "a desire to be creative to try to provide some access to the president...It was just a new tool we'd like to have in our toolbox." Off-the-record "reach outs" are not a new tack from the Bush administration. In March 2006, the president conducted similar invited sessions with an assortment of media outlets. "The meetings, which the journalists have agreed not to describe publicly, have been in the White House residence," reported the New York Times last year. "They come as several news organizations have assigned new reporters, who had no relationship with Mr. Bush, to cover the White House." The Times itself chose not to participate in those talks. "The Times has declined this opportunity after weighing the potential benefits to our readers against the prospect of withholding information from them about the discussion with Mr. Bush," stated the paper's Washington bureau chief, Philip Taubman, at the time. "As a matter of policy and practice, we would prefer when possible to conduct on-the-record interviews with public officials." But Taubman, along with Times executive editor Bill Keller and publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr., did reportedly agree to keep mum about a closed door session with the president in 2005. According to sources cited by the Washington Post's Howard Kurtz, President Bush met with the Times representatives prior to publication of the story that the president had authorized eavesdropping on Americans without the benefit of court orders. The Post's executive editor, Leonard Downie Jr., had a similar meeting that year just before that paper ran a piece about secret Eastern European prisons run by the CIA. "But the meetings were confirmed by sources who have been briefed on them but are not authorized to comment because both sides had agreed to keep the sessions off the record," wrote Kurtz.
Advertisements Want a gift card? Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey!
Think you're smart? Take the FREE IQ Test now.
Parents of a three-month-old daughter sit grief-stricken after their infant daughter was killed in a motorcycle accident in Prachin Buri. Photo by Manit Sanubboon
PRACHIN BURI -- The three-month-old daughter of teenage parents was killed when they were pulled to the road after their clothing got caught in their motorcycle's rear wheel.
The 16-year-old mother and their 19-year-old husband stood shocked when police reached the scene of the accident late Sunday night on Wang Takhian-Wang Thachang road in Kabin Buri district.
The baby succumbed to a severe wound on their forehead, believed to have resulted from impact with the road, Wang Takhian Pol Capt Mani Saengchayapha said.
According to an investigation, the mother, riding pillion on a trip from Sa Kaew, was not aware that a piece of clothing wrapped around their daughter had come loose. It caught in the motorcyle's rear wheel, and the baby was pulled to the road.
It was too late to help the little girl when they were pulled from their mother's embrace.
Navy chaplain Luis Padilla gives last rites to a soldier wounded by sniper fire during a revolt in Venezuela. Braving the streets amid sniper fire, to offer last rites to the dying, the priest encountered a wounded soldier, who pulled themselves up by clinging to the priest's cassock, as bullets chewed up the concrete around them.
The photographer Hector Rondón Lovera, who had to lie flat to avoid getting shot, later said that they were unsure how they managed to take this picture: “I found myself in solid lead for forty-five minutes … I was flattened against the wall while bullets were flying, when the priest appeared. The truth is, I don't know how I took those pictures, lying on the ground. Rondon shot the government soldier crawling their way up Navy chaplain Luis Padilla's robe as Padilla looks in the direction of the rebel sniper fire. Government forces quickly took control of the town and over two days pounded the remaining rebels, that had taken cover in the Solano Castle, into submission. A handful that weren't captured or killed were able to escape into the jungle”.
Besides priest's bravery, they also know the enemy will think a lot before shooting them (just imagine the propaganda) and the enemy soldiers are catholic and would refuse that order.
Even more intense about this picture is the setting, in the background is a carnicería (a butcher's shop). In Spanish a carnicería means both a “butcher's shop” and “slaughter, carnage”. The phrase “fue una carnicería” (English equivalent: “it was carnage”) is so common in the Spanish language. The parallel really catches one's eye and draws the horror of the scene even further.
The photo was taken on June 4 (1962) by Hector Rondón Lovera, photographer of Caracas, for the Venezuelan newspaper “La Republica”. It won the World Press Photo of the Year and the 1963 Pulitzer Prize for Photography. The original title of work is “Aid From The Padre”.
El Porteñazo (2 June 1962 – 6 June 1962) was a short-lived military rebellion against the government of Rómulo Betancourt in Venezuela, in which rebels attempted to take over the city of Puerto Cabello and its Solano Castle. Venezuela's constitution was only a year old in 1962, but already there have been two attempts to overthrow the government. The bloody struggle between government forces and guerrilla rebels in the naval base who had the support of the residents of Puerto Cabello was aggressive. The rebellion was crushed by 3 June, leaving more than 400 dead and 700 injured, and by 6 June the rebels' stronghold of Solano Castle had fallen.
The Phoenix is a symbol of contradictions: explosive power and great restraint, vast intelligence and deep humility, immolating self-sacrifice and glorious rebirth. These entwined virtues illuminate the path of Rokugan's most mystical Great Clan, the keepers of the Tao of Shinsei and caretakers of the Empire's soul.
As the scent of incense wafts unseen to all corners of a shrine, so do the spirit realms overlap invisibly with our own. The Phoenix mediate between both worlds, appealing to the very soul of the lands. Mountains collapse at their whispered requests, dry rivers are convinced to flow again, plagues are banished, restless ghosts are returned to slumber, and crops flourish in previously barren wastelands. Nevertheless, the Phoenix understand that even the purest wish can have unintended and destructive consequences if the elements are brought out of balance. Although others consider the Phoenix too hesitant in their entreaties to the kami, few are foolhardy enough to test the Phoenix's dedication to peace and harmony.
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to present "Risen from the Flames" by Robert Denton III, a new piece of fiction set in the world of Legend of the Five Rings!
"Risen from the Flames" focuses on the mystic Phoenix Clan and can be downloaded here (3.1 mb).
CHICAGO (CBS) — A Chicago Aviation Department police officer was placed on leave Monday, after they forcibly removed a United Airlines passenger from their seat and dragged them off an overbooked flight on Sunday.
Other passengers posted videos of the incident on Twitter and Facebook as three Chicago Aviation Department police officers forcibly removed the man from their seat on Flight 3411 from O'Hare International Airport to Louisville, Kentucky, on Sunday.
The man could be heard screaming when one of the officers grabbed him, and then they went silent as they were dragged down the aisle, their glasses knocked down their face, and their shirt riding up their torso. One woman said, “Oh my God. Look at what you did to him” as the man was taken off the plane.
The U.S. Department of Transportation confirmed it is looking into the incident to determine “whether the airline complied with the oversales rule.”
“The Department is responsible for ensuring that airlines comply with the Department's consumer protection regulations including its oversales rule. While it is legal for airlines to involuntary bump passengers from an oversold flight when there are not enough volunteers, it is the airline's responsibility to determine its own fair boarding priorities,” a prepared statement issued by the agency said.
@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here's how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW — Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017
Monday afternoon, Aviation Department spokesperson Karen Pride said the officer who dragged the passenger off the plane has been placed on leave, pending an investigation.
“The incident on United flight 3411 was not in accordance with our standard operating procedure and the actions of the aviation security officer are obviously not condoned by the Department,” Pride said in an email.
Apparently bleeding from the incident, the man somehow got back on the plane about 10 minutes after they were removed, repeatedly saying “I have to go home” as they ran up the aisle to the back of the plane.
United CEO Oscar Munoz said the incident was “an upsetting event to all of us here at United.”
“I apologize for having to re-accommodate these customers. Our team is moving with a sense of urgency to work with the authorities and conduct our own detailed review of what happened. We are also reaching out to this passenger to talk directly to them and further address and resolve this situation,” Munoz said in a post on Twitter.
United CEO response to United Express Flight 3411. pic.twitter.com/rF5gNIvVd0 — United (@united) April 10, 2017
United Airlines spokesperson Megan McCarthy said the flight was overbooked, and the crew asked for volunteers to give up their seats.
“After our team looked for volunteers, one customer refused to leave the aircraft voluntarily and law enforcement was asked to come to the gate,” McCarthy said in an email. “We apologize for the overbook situation. Further details on the removed customer should be directed to authorities.”
Other passengers on the flight said United crew first told them they needed a passenger to give up their or their seat, because the airline needed to get an employee on standby to Louisville by Monday morning. However, passengers were allowed to board, and when the flight was filled, the crew said four seats were needed for standby employees.
Passengers said the crew first offered $400 and a hotel stay to anyone willing to give up their seat, but when there were no takers, offered $800. When there still were no volunteers, a manager picked four passengers at random to be removed from the flight.
Other passengers said the man who refused to leave repeatedly they were a doctor who needed to see patients on Monday.
The flight was delayed two hours as a result of the incident.
MOSCOW — Along with a steady flow of new missiles, planes and tanks, Russia's defense minister said Wednesday their nation also has built up its muscle by forming a new branch of the military — information warfare troops.
Sergei Shoigu's statement — which came amid Western allegations of Russian hacking — marked the first official acknowledgement of the existence of such forces.
Speaking to parliament, Shoigu said that the military received a sweeping array of new weapons last year, including 41 intercontinental ballistic missiles.
They added that the wide-ranging military modernization will continue this year, with the air force set to receive 170 new aircraft. The army will receive 905 tanks and other armored vehicles, and the navy will receive 17 new ships.
Also this year, three regiments of Russia's strategic nuclear forces will receive new intercontinental ballistic missiles, Shoigu said. Each regiment has up to 10 launchers.
The rising number of new weapons has raised demands for new personnel. Shoigu said the military currently needs 1,300 more pilots and will recruit them by 2018.
Declaring the formation of the dedicated information warfare troops, Shoigu noted that "propaganda needs to be clever, smart and efficient." They wouldn't describe the troops' mission.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
Retired Gen. Vladimir Shamanov, the head of defense affairs committee in the lower house of parliament, was equally vague, saying that the information warfare troops' task is to "protect the national defense interests and engage in information warfare," according to the Interfax news agency. They added that part of their mission is to fend off enemy cyberattacks.
Viktor Ozerov, the head of the upper house's defense and security committee, also told Interfax that the information troops will protect Russia's data systems from enemy attacks, not wage any hacking attacks abroad.
U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Russia of hacking Democratic emails to meddle in the U.S. election, a claim Moscow has denied. Some EU officials also voiced concern that the Kremlin could seek to influence this year's elections in the Netherlands, France and Germany.
Retired Col. Gen. Leonid Ivashov, the former head of the Defense Ministry's international cooperation department, said that Russia should rely on information warfare troops to fight back against what they described as Western propaganda.
"We must stop offering excuses and force the West into the defensive by conducting operations to expose its lies," Ivashov said in remarks carried by RIA Novosti news agency.
A severe money crunch after the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union left the military in tatters, with most of its planes grounded and ships left rusting at harbor for lack of funds. As part of President Vladimir Putin's military reforms, the armed forces have received new weapons and now engage in regular large-scale drills.
Russia has used its revived military capability in Syria, where it has launched an air campaign in support of Syrian President Bashar Assad and used the conflict to test its new weapons for the first time in combat.
The weapons modernization effort has seen the 1 million-strong Russian military narrow the technological gap in areas where Russia had fallen behind the West, such as long-range conventional weapons, communications and drone technologies.
Shoigu said the military now has 2,000 drones compared to just 180 in 2011. They also noted that Russia has now deployed new long-range early warning radars to survey the airspace along the entire length of its borders.
Shoigu also said the military will complete the formation of three new divisions in the nation's west and southwest, and also deploy a new division on the Pacific Islands, which have been claimed by Japan.
The dispute over the Kuril Islands just north of Japan, which the former Soviet Union seized in the closing days of World War II, has prevented the two countries from signing a peace treaty.
It's been nearly a year since a grinning Doug McMillon recorded a video message to the world in which they explained that WalMart was set to raise the minimum wage for its lowest paid employees.
After all, McMillon said, “it's our people that make the difference.”
11 months later, those “people” (the lowly shelf stockers and cashiers) aren't materially better off than they were before, because handing someone $10/hour instead of $9 is such a small concession that you might as well have done nothing. In other words, $10 is no more of a “living wage” than $9 is.
But while the impact on the retailer's legions of hourly employees has been minimal, the consequences for the company have been nothing short of dramatic.
As we've explained on any number of occasions, you can't very well just implement an across-the-board wage hike if you're WalMart without making up for it somewhere. Why? Because the business model runs on razor thin margins and because WalMart is determined to maintain “everyday low prices” which means the cost of the raises can't be passed on to the consumer.
First WalMart tried squeezing the supply chain by asking vendors to pass along savings to Bentonville and by charging a variety of storage fees. When that didn't work, the company started firing people and cutting hours. Here's how that works:
Some of the cuts came at the home office in Bentonville, meaning that the move to put a few extra pennies in the pockets of hourly workers resulted in the loss of hundreds of breadwinner jobs.
Finally, in October, WalMart threw in the towel and announced a shocking guidance cut that prompted the stock to plunge by the most in 17 years.
Earlier this month WalMart doubled down on the wage hike debacle by promising to raise wages for employees higher up the corporate ladder (something we predicted would happen last year). The retailer announced the new wave of raises just days after saying it would close 269 stores and fire 16,000 people.
Apparently, the good folks in Bentonville are oblivious to the connection between the closures and previous wage hikes.
Also oblivious are policymakers who have pushed for wage hikes without thinking through the consequences.
"Washington, D.C., is beginning to look like a cautionary example of what can happen when bastions of liberalism throw caution to the wind in raising the minimum wage," IBD wrote, earlier this month. "The nation's capital is now losing about 700 jobs a year at restaurants, hotels and other leisure and hospitality sector venues, a sharp reversal from the gain of 2,000 such jobs per year the city was enjoying before it hiked the minimum wage by 27%, first from $8.25 to $9.50 an hour in July 2014 and then to $10.50 in July 2015." Here's more:
Now, as D.C. employers brace for yet-another minimum-wage hike to $11.50 set for this coming July, Wal-Mart has called off two of the city's most-prized retail developments. Wal-Mart said it would close 154 stores in the U.S., mostly small-format locations. But even as the nation's biggest retailer said it would keep opening supercenters, including 50 to 60 in the coming year, it told District officials that it won't go forward with plans for two huge stores that were expected to create hundreds of new jobs in one of the city's poorer sections. Company officials cited the city's coming minimum-wake hiketo $11.50 an hour as one of the reasons for its change of heart. Wal-Mart has signaled to investors that its already-narrow profit margins could shrink by one-third as it voluntarily hikes its own base wage to $10 an hour.
DC officials aren't happy.
“It's an outrage,” said former mayor Vincent C. Gray, who The Washington Post notes in 2013 completed the handshake deal for the stores. “This is devastating and disrespectful to the residents of the East End of the District of Columbia.”
“I'm blood mad,” D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) fumed.
As WaPo went on to recount, "under the initial deal, Walmart could build stores almost anywhere in the District, as long as it opened two stores in its poorest wards and areas of the city sometimes referred to as food deserts, with few — if any — options for fresh produce and groceries."
While WalMart apologized and cited its own internal P&L calculations for the decision, officials say the real reason is the rising pay floor. Here's WaPo again:
Council member Jack Evans (D-Ward 2), head of the council's finance committee, sat in on the meeting Friday morning with Walmart officials and Brian Kenner, Bowser's deputy mayor for planning and economic development. Evans said that, behind closed doors, Walmart officials were more frank about the reasons the company was downsizing. They said the company cited the District's rising minimum wage, now at $11.50 an hour and possibly going to $15 an hour if a proposed ballot measure is successful in November. They also said a proposal for legislation requiring D.C. employers to pay into a fund for family and medical leave for employees, and another effort to require a minimum amount of hours for hourly workers were compounding costs and concerns for the retailer.
“If I were mayor, I'd get on a plane and go to Bentonville,” Gray said. "We have absolutely been shafted. They should be held accountable.”
Yes, Mr. Gray, someone should be "held accountable" for the hundreds of jobs poor residents won't get thanks to the city's move to aggressively hike the pay floor. But when it comes to who should be held accountable, perhaps you should ask the city's unemployed if they'd rather have a job with the minimum wage at $10/hour or be jobless with the minimum wage at $11.50/hour.
Once you get your answer, look inward on the whole "accountability" thing.
