Nokia has released its first Android system based smartphone, the Nokia X. The phone, priced at Rs 8,599, will be available through online and offline retailers across India starting Monday.
The Nokia X has a single capacitive button for navigation, unlike the three capacitive buttons on a Windows Phone smartphone. The dual-sim phone is powered by a 1GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and 512MB RAM. It sports a 4-inch WVGA LCD display (480 X 800p, 233ppi). It comes with 4GB internal storage expandable up to 32GB via microSD card.
The downside here is that Nokia X users can't have access to the Google Play Store for apps. The Nokia X supports Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GPS with A-GPS, EDGE, GPRS and 3G connectivity options. It is backed by a 1500mAh battery, which is rated to deliver up to 13 hours of talk time and up to 672 hours of standby time on 2G network.
This is a follow-up to my previous post on managing RDF using named graphs. In that post I looked at the basic concept of named graphs, how they are used in SPARQL 1.0/1.1, and discussed RESTful APIs for managing named graphs. In this post I wanted to look at how Named Graphs can be used to support publishing of Linked Data.
There are two scenarios I'm going to explore. The first uses Named Graphs in a way that provides a low friction method for publishing Linked Data. The second prioritizes ease of data management, and in particular the scenario where RDF is being generated by converting from other sources. Lets look at each in turn and their relative merits.
Publishing Scenario #1: One Resource per Graph
For this scenario lets assume that we're building a simple book website. Our URI space is going to look like this:
http://www.example.org/id/thing/id http://www.example.org/doc/thing/id
The first URI being the pattern for identifiers in our system, the second being the URI to which we'll 303 clients in order to get the document containing the metadata about the thing with that identifier. We'll have several types of thing in our system: books, authors, and subjects.
The application will obviously include a range of features such as authentication, registration, search, etc. But I'm only going to look at the Linked Data delivery aspects of the application here in order to highlight our Named Graphs can support that.
Our application is going to be backed by a triplestore that offers an HTTP protocol for managing Named Graphs, e.g. as specified by SPARQL 1.1. This triplestore will expose graphs from the following base URI:
http://internal.example.org/graphs
The simplest way to manage our application data is to store the data about resource in a separate Named Graph. Each resource will therefore be fully described in a single graph, so all of the metadata about:
http://www.example.org/id/book/1234
with be found in:
http://internal.example.org/graphs/book/1234
The contents of that graph will be the Concise Bounded Description of http://www.example.org/id/book/1234 , i.e. all its literal properties, any related blank nodes, as well a property referencing related resources.
This means delivering the Linked Data view for this resource is trivial. A GET request to http://www.example.org/doc/book/1234 will trigger our application to perform a GET request to our internal triplestore at http://internal.example.org/graphs/book/1234 .
If the triplestore supports multiple serializations then there's no need for our application to parse or otherwise process the results: we can request the format desired by the client directly from the store and then proxy the response straight-through. Ideally the store would also support ETags and/or other HTTP caching headers which we can also reuse. ETags will be simple to generate as it will be easy to track whether a specific Named Graph has been updated.
As the application code to do all this is agnostic to the type of resource being requested, we don't have to change anything if we were to expand our application to store information about new types of thing. This is the sort of generic behaviour that could easily be abstracted out into a reusable framework.
Another nice architectural feature is that it will be easy to slot in internal load-balancing over a replicated store to spread requests over multiple servers. Because the data is organised into graphs there are also natural ways to “shard” the data if we wanted to replicate the data in other ways.
This gets us a simple Linked Data publishing framework, but does it help us build an application, i.e. the HTML views of that data? Clearly in that case we'll need to parse the data so that it can be passed off to a templating engine of some form. And if we need to compose a page containing details of multiple resource then this can easily be turned into requests for multiple graphs as there's a clear mapping from resource URI to graph URI.
When we're creating new things in the system, e.g. capturing data about a new book, then the application will have to handle any newly submitted data, perform any needed validation and generate an RDF graph describing the resource. It then simply PUTs the newly generated data to a new graph in the store. Updates are similarly straight-forward.
If we want to store provenance data, e.g. an update history for each resource, then we can store that in a separate related graph, e.g. http://internal.example.org/graphs/provenance/book/1234 .
Benefits and Limitations
This basic approach is simple, effective, and makes good use of the Named Graph feature. Identifying where to retrieve or update data is little more than URI rewriting. It's well optimised for the common case for Linked Data, which is retrieving, displaying, and updating data about a single resource. To support more complex queries and interactions, ideally our triplestore would also expose a SPARQL endpoint that supported querying against a “synthetic” default graph which consists of the RDF union of all the Named Graphs in the system. This gives us the ability to query against the entire graph but still manage it as smaller chunks.
(Aside: Actually, we're likely to want two different synthetic graphs: one that merges all our public data, and one that merges the public data + that in the provenance graphs.)
There are a couple of limitations which we'll hit when managing data using the scenario. The first is that the RDF in the Linked Data views will be quite sparse, e.g the data wouldn't contain the labels of any referenced resources. To be friendly to Linked Data browsers we'll want to include more data. We can work around this issue by performing two requests to the store for each client request: the first to get the individual graph, the second to perform a SPARQL query something like this:
CONSTRUCT { <http://www.example.org/id/book/1234> ?p ?referenced. ?referenced rdfs:label ?label. ?referencing ?p2 <http://www.example.org/id/book/1234>. ?refencing rdfs:label ?label2. } WHERE { <http://www.example.org/id/book/1234> ?p ?referenced. OPTIONAL { ?referenced rdfs:label ?label. } ?referencing ?p2 <http://www.example.org/id/book/1234>. OPTIONAL { ?refencing rdfs:label ?label2. } }
The above query would be executed against the union graph of our triplestore and would let us retrieve the labels of any resources referenced by a specific book (in this case), plus the labels and properties of any referencing resources. This query can be done in parallel to the request for the graph and merged with its RDF by our application framework.
The other limitation is also related to how we've chosen to factor out the data into CBDs. Any time we need to put in reciprocal relationships, e.g. when we add or update resources, then we will have to update several different graphs. This could become expensive depending on the number of affected resources. We could potentially work around that by adopting an Eventual Consistency model and deferring updates using a message queue. This lets us relax the constraint that updates to all resources need to be synchronized, allowing more of that work to be done both asynchronously and in parallel. The same approach can be applied to manage list of items in the store, e.g. a list of all authors: these can be stored as individual graphs, but regenerated on a regular basis.
The same limitation hits us if we want to do any large scale updates to all resources. In this case SPARUL updates might become more effective, especially if the engine can update individual graphs, although handling updates to the related provenance graphs might be problematic. What I think is interesting is that in this data management model this is the only area in which we might really need something with the power of SPARUL. For the majority of use cases graph level updates using simple HTTP PUTs coupled with a mechanism like Changesets are more than sufficient. This is one reason why I'm so keen to see attention paid to the HTTP protocol for managing graphs and data in SPARQL 1.1: not every system will need SPARUL.
The final limitation relates to the number of named graphs we will end up storing in our triplestore. One graph per resource means that we could easily end up with millions of individual graphs in a large system. I'm not sure that any triplestore is currently handling this many graphs, so there may be some scaling issues. But for small-medium sized applications this should be a minor concern.
Publishing Scenario #2: Multiple Resources per Graph
The second scenario I want to introduce in this posting is one which I think is slightly more conventional. As a result I'm going to spend less time reviewing it. Rather than using one graph per resource, we instead store multiple resources per Named Graph. This means that each Named Graph will be much larger, perhaps including data about thousands of resources. It also means that there may not be a simple mapping from a resource URI to a single graph URI: the triples for each resource may be spread across multiple graphs, although there's no requirement that this be the case.
Whereas the first scenario was optimised for data that was largely created, managed, and owned by a web application, this scenario is most useful when the data in the store is derived from other sources. The primary data sources may be a large collection of inter-related spreadsheets which we are regularly converting into RDF, and the triplestore is just a secondary copy of the data created to support Linked Data publishing. It should be obvious that the same approach could be used when aggregating existing RDF data, e.g. as a result of a web crawl.
To make our data conversion workflow system easier to manage it makes sense to use a Named Graph per data source, i.e. one for each spreadsheet, rather than one per resource. E.g:
http://internal.example.org/graphs/spreadsheet/A http://internal.example.org/graphs/spreadsheet/B http://internal.example.org/graphs/spreadsheet/C
The end result of our document conversion workflow would then be the updating or replacing of a single specific Named Graph in the system. The underlying triplestore in our system will need to expose a SPARQL endpoint that includes a synthetic graph which is the RDF union of all graphs in the system. This ensures that where data about an individual resource might be spread across a number of underlying graphs, that a union view is available where required.
As noted in the first scenario we can store provenance data in a separate related graph, e.g. http://internal.example.org/graphs/provenance/spreadsheet/A .
Benefits and Limitations
From a data publishing point of view our application framework can no longer use URI rewriting to map a request to a GET on a Named Graph. It must instead submit SPARQL DESCRIBE or CONSTRUCT queries to the triplestore, executing them against the union graph. This lets the application ignore the details of the organisation and identifiers, of the Named Graphs in the store when retrieving data.
If the application is going to support updates to the underlying data then it will need to know which Named Graph(s) must be updated. This information should be available by querying the store to identify the graphs that contain the specific triple patterns that must be updated. SPARUL request(s) can then be issued to apply the changes across the affected graphs.
The difficult of co-ordinating updates from the application with updates from the document conversion (or crawling) workflow means that this scenario may be best suited for read-only publishing of data.
Its clear that this approach is much more optimised to support the underlying data conversion and/or collection workflows that the publishing web application. The trade-off doesn't add much more complexity to the application implementation, but doesn't exhibit some of the same architectural benefits, e.g. easy HTTP caching, data sharding, etc, that the first model exhibits.
Summary
In this blog post I've explored two different approaches to managing and publishing RDF data using Named Graphs. The first scenario described an architecture that used Named Graphs in a way that simplified application code whilst exposing some nice architectural properties. This was traded off against ease of data management for large scales updates to the system.
The second scenario was more optimised data conversion & collection workflows and is particularly well suited for systems publishing Linked Data derived from other primary sources. This flexibility was traded off against slightly more complex application implementation.
My goal has been to try to highlight different patterns for using Named Graphs and how those patterns place greater or lesser emphasis on features such as RESTful protocols for managing graphs, and different styles of update language. In reality an application might mix together both styles in different areas, or even at different stages of its lifecycle.
If you're using Named Graphs in your applications then I'd love to hear more about how you're making use of the feature. Particularly if you've layered on additional functionality such as versioning and other elements of workflow.
Better understanding of how to use these kinds of features will help the community begin assembling good application frameworks to support Linked Data application development.
Public scoping is under way as Yosemite National Park officials begin work on an updated wilderness management plan/Kurt Repanshek
Changing use patterns, how best to manage hikers, backpackers, and stock, and improvements in trail design and construction have Yosemite National Park officials embarking on a path to update their Wilderness Stewardship Plan.
The park's wilderness areas currently are managed under a plan adopted in 1989. To help design a new plan, public comments regarding what should be included are being taken by the park through January 29.
The updated plan will provide management direction and a framework that preserves wilderness character in Yosemite. Qualities of wilderness character include: 1) natural, 2) opportunities for solitude or a primitive and unconfined type of recreation, 3) undeveloped, 4) untrammeled, and 5) other features of value, including scientific, educational, scenic or historical values. This planning effort will also incorporate new policy direction for wilderness management. Finally, the plan will determine the extent to which commercial services will be conducted in the Yosemite Wilderness.
A public scoping meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, December 8th, from 6 p.m.-8 p.m. at REI Berkeley (1338 San Pablo Ave, Berkeley, CA, 94702) to review the goals of the planning effort and to provide an opportunity for the public to interact directly with park staff. Another scoping meeting will be held on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, from noon-2 p.m. in the Yosemite Valley Auditorium. Additionally, webinars will be held on Wednesday, December 16, from noon-1 p.m., Wednesday, January 6, 2016, from noon-1 p.m., and Tuesday, January 12, 2016, from 6 p.m.-7:00 p.m. More information can be found at this website.
Public comments regarding the issues being addressed, alternative ways to approach them, and other feedback regarding the planning process may be submitted online through the Planning, Environment, and Public Comment website.
For more information about the Wilderness Stewardship Plan and how to get involved, you can visit the Yosemite Wilderness Stewardship webpage.
The Charter Party or Charter Committee is a minor political party, the third party of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. Members of this party are called "Charterites." Party organizers prefer the term "Charter Committee" rather than "Charter Party." Because of Ohio State laws regarding vote percentage cutoffs for official party recognition, the Charter Party is not an officially recognized political party in Ohio.[1]
History [ edit ]
The Charter Party claims to be "the oldest third party in the nation that has continually elected officials to office".[2] It was founded in 1924, during a time when Cincinnati government was under the control of the Republican Party. Cincinnati was infamous for being the most corruptly governed major city in the United States, the era of Boss Cox (established by George Cox in the 1880s), controlled then by their protégé Rudolph Hynicka, who spent most of their time in New York in the management of the Columbia Burlesque Circuit.
Republican reformers, led by members of the Republican Executive and Advisory Committee, then began the Cincinnatus Association. In 1923, Republican lawyer Murray Seasongood became the leader of the reformers' successful anti-tax campaign.
The Cincinnatus Association then led to the formation of the Birdless Ballot League, which advocated nonpartisan elections. (The term "birdless" referred to the use of the Republican eagle and Democratic rooster as party symbols on the ballot). In 1924, the Birdless Ballot League joined with other reformers to create the City Charter Committee.
The pre-1925 charter established a 32-member city council, six of whom were elected at-large. Only candidates nominated in a citywide primary by the Republican and Democratic parties were eligible to run. In 1924, there were 31 Republicans and one Democrat on the council. Between 1913 and 1925, only five Democrats had managed to get elected to the council. The real power behind government was held by Hynicka's Republican Central Committee, comprising Republican ward and township captains, which held the real power in the Republican party, to the disadvantage of the Executive and Advisory Committee.
The new municipal charter enacted in 1925 as part of the Charterite movement established a Council-Manager form of government (abolishing the mayor-council system) and a civil service bureaucracy to replace political patronage. The new charter, which created a nine-member council, also mandated nonpartisan municipal elections and proportional representation with preference-ranked voting.
With Democrats running on the Charter ticket, the first election following adoption of the council resulted in the election of six Charterites to the council. Democrat Ed Dixon, who had won more votes than Seasongood, and, therefore, should automatically have become mayor under the new charter, was persuaded to allow the leader of the reform movement to become the first mayor under the new charter.
Although the Charter movement started with Republican reformers like Seasongood, the movement quickly became informally allied with the Democratic party against the Republican machine. Democratic candidates ran as Charterites. By the 1950s, Republicans fought the Charterites by plastering them with the label of socialism. In 1957, the Republicans successfully overturned proportional representation. It is believed that this was done to prevent the election of Theodore M. Berry as the city's first black mayor.[citation needed]
In 1959, Democrats broke off from the Charterite coalition. Splitting the progressive vote with the Democrats throughout the 1960s, the Charterites barely survived the return of Republican rule, with Charles Phelps Taft II its only elected official by 1961. In 1963, Berry joined Taft on the council.
In 1969, the Charterites joined with the Democrats in a formal coalition that successfully took control of city government in 1971. The coalition was led at times both by Charterites (Bobbie L. Sterne and Charles Phelps Taft II) and by Democrats (Tom Luken and Jerry Springer). From 1973, the two parties divided the two-year mayoral term into two one-year periods that alternated between them.
Tom Luken's son, Charlie Luken ended the Democratic-Charterite coalition in 1985 when Arn Bortz was the only Charterite left on the council. In 1983 Marian Spencer was the first African American female elected to Cincinnati City Council and served as Vice Mayor and as a member of the Charter Party for one term. Sterne, who lost their seat in 1985, made a comeback in 1987. Bortz left politics in 1988 to concentrate on business, but anointed as their successor the popular professional football player Reggie Williams. Williams stayed for only two years. When Charterite Tyrone Yates became a Democrat in preparation for running for the state legislature, Sterne found themselves again the sole Charterite on the council. Term limits prevented Sterne from running again in 1999, so they resigned their seat in 1998 in favor of restaurateur Jim Tarbell.
Over the years, Charterites pursued a number of liberal and progressive causes, including reducing pollution and establishing cost-of-living wage increases for municipal employees. The Charterites instituted the now-common requirement of maintaining a public inventory of municipal property. Another Charterite initiative that has spread throughout the country requires private employers to inform employees of the risks of handling hazardous materials, known as a right-to-know law.
The Charter Party reached its height of power in the 1950s, when it ran city government with Democrats running on the Charter ticket. In the 1970s and 1980s, the Charter Party formed a coalition municipal government with the Democrats. The coalition lasted until 1986. In recent years, the Charter Party has sought to expand beyond the Cincinnati city limits, endorsing candidates in neighboring jurisdictions, such as Covington, Kentucky.
The Charter Party includes Democrats as well as Republicans and independents. The Charter Party advocates an activist government to address public problems and its main power base has been among the progressive-minded, educated, affluent senior citizens of Cincinnati. The party is currently making efforts to appeal to younger voters. The party has also turned its sights on establishing regional government.
The last Charterite mayor of Cincinnati was Arn Bortz. The party was nearly extinguished in the 1990s. From 1993 to 2003, the city council had only one Charterite member. Currently, there are three Charterite members of the city council, Yvette Simpson, Kevin Flynn, and Amy Murray.
The Charter Party slowly expands throughout the Greater Cincinnati area.
As of January 1, 2003, the current president of the Charter Committee is Michael Goldman. The previous president was Gerald Newfarmer.
Platform [ edit ]
The party disavows any interest in competing for office beyond the local area[citation needed]. It accepts both Democratic and Republican members on its volunteer board of directors.
The current party platform includes opposing the elimination of the municipal Planning Department and the Office of Environmental Management. The party, long allied with liberal Democratic interests, finds itself opposing the current wave of business-allied "new" Democrats, such as former Mayor Charlie Luken.
Recent policy statements by Goldman, quoted by the Cincinnati Enquirer in a Jan. 6, 2003, article by Gregory Korte:
"Charlie Luken thinks we're going to have a more 'developer friendly' city. Is that going to be at the expense of the residents? The city needs to be friendly to everyone." "If you look at progressive cities that are successful, you don't see them turning back the clock on environmental issues." "Nobody wants to talk about this, but let's look at the cities around us: Indianapolis. Columbus. Even Louisville. They all have some form of metropolitan government. All those cities have moved in that direction, and they're seen as successes."
The Charter Committee generally favors public transportation, city parks, and funding for jail and treatment services.[1]
Prominent historical Charterites [ edit ]
Prominent ex-Charterites [ edit ]
Many former Charterites switched to one of the major parties in order to pursue statewide ambitions. They include:
Current Charterites [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Template:Indiana political parties Template:Kentucky political parties Template:Ohio political parties
In an ideal world, research articles would be open to criticism and discussion in the same place where they are published, in a sort of non-corrupt version of Yelp. What is happening now is that the occasional paper or research area gets lots of press coverage, and this inspires reactions on science-focused blogs. The trouble here is that it's easier to give off-the-cuff comments than detailed criticisms.
Here's an example. It starts a couple years ago with this article by Ryota Kanai, Tom Feilden, Colin Firth, and Geraint Rees, on brain size and political orientation:
In a large sample of young adults, we related self-reported political attitudes to gray matter volume using structural MRI. We found that greater liberalism was associated with increased gray matter volume in the anterior cingulate cortex, whereas greater conservatism was associated with increased volume of the right amygdala. These results were replicated in an independent sample of additional participants. Our findings extend previous observations that political attitudes reflect differences in self-regulatory conflict monitoring . . .
My reaction was a vague sense of skepticism, but I didn't have the energy to look at the paper in detail so I gave a sort of sideways reaction that did not criticize the article but did not take it seriously either:
Here's my take on this. Conservatives are jerks, liberals are wimps. It's that simple. So these researchers can test their hypotheses by more directly correlating the brain functions with the asshole/pussy dimension, no?
A commenter replied:
Did you read the paper? Conservatives are more likely to be cowards/pussies as you call it – more likely to jump when they see something scary, so the theory is that they support authoritarian policies to protect themselves from the boogieman.
The next month, my coblogger Erik Voeten reported on a similar paper by Darren Schreiber, Alan Simmons, Christopher Dawes, Taru Flagan, James Fowler, and Martin Paulus. Erik offered no comments at all, I assume because, like me, they did not actually read the paper in question. In our blogging, Erik and I were publicizing these papers and opening the floor for discussion, although not too much discussion actually happened.
A couple years later, the paper by Schreiber et al. came out in a journal and Voeten reblogged it, again with no reactions of their own. This time there was a pretty lively discussion with some commenters objecting to interpretations of the results, but nobody questioning the scientific claims. (The comment thread eventually became occupied by a troll, but that's another issue.)
More recently, Dan Kahan was pointed to this same research article on “red and blue brains,” blogged it, and slammed it to the wall:
The paper reports the results of an fMRI—“functional magnetic resonance imagining”— study that the authors describe as showing that “liberals and conservatives use different regions of the brain when they think about risk.” . . . So what do I think? . . . the paper supplies zero reason to adjust any view I have—or anyone else does, in my opinion—on any matter relating to individual differences in cognition & ideology.
Ouch. Kahan writes that Schreiber et al. used a fundamentally flawed statistical approach in which they basically went searching for statistical significance:
There are literally hundreds of thousands of potential “observations” in the brain of each study subject. Because there is constantly varying activation levels going on throughout the brain at all time, one can always find “statistically significant” correlations between stimuli and brain activation by chance. . . . Schreiber et al. didn't discipline their evidence-gathering . . . They did initially offer hypotheses based on four precisely defined brain ROIs in “the right amygdala, left insula, right entorhinal cortex, and anterior cingulate.” They picked these, they said, based on a 2011 paper [the one mentioned at the top of the present post] . . . But contrary to their hypotheses, Schreiber et al. didn't find any significant differences in the activation levels within the portions of either the amygdala or the anterior cingulate cortex singled out in the 2011 Kanai et al. paper. Nor did Schreiber et al. find any such differences in a host of other precisely defined areas (the “entorhinal cortex,” “left insula,” or “Right Entorhinal”) that Kanai et al. identified as differeing structurally among Democrats and Republicans in ways that could suggest the hypothesized differences in cognition. In response, Schreiber et al. simply widened the lens, as it were, of their observational camera to take in a wider expanse of the brain. “The analysis of the specific spheres [from Kanai et al.] did not appear statistically significant,” they explain,” so larger ROIs based on the anatomy were used next.” . . . Even after resorting to this device, Schreiber et al. found “no significant differences . . . in the anterior cingulate cortex,” but they did manage to find some “significant” differences among Democrats' and Republicans' brain activation levels in portions of the “right amygdala” and “insula.”
And it gets worse. Here's Kahan again:
They selected observations of activating “voxels” in the amygdala of Republican subjects precisely because those voxels—as opposed to others that Schreiber et al. then ignored in “further analysis”—were “activating” in the manner that they were searching for in a large expanse of the brain. They then reported the resulting high correlation between these observed voxel activations and Republican party self-identification as a test for “predicting” subjects' party affiliations—one that “significantly out-performs the longstanding parental model, correctly predicting 82.9% of the observed choices of party.” This is bogus. Unless one “use[s] an independent dataset” to validate the predictive power of “the selected . . .voxels” detected in this way, Kriegeskorte et al. explain in their Nature Neuroscience paper, no valid inferences can be drawn. None.
Kahan follows up one of my favorite points, on the way in which multiple comparisons corrections exacerbate the statistical significance filter:
Pushing a button in one's computer program to ramp up one's “alpha” (the p-value threshold, essentially, used to avoid “type 1” errors) only means one has to search a bit harder; it still doesn't make it any more valid to base inferences on “significant correlations” found only after deliberately searching for them within a collection of hundreds of thousands of observations.
Wow. Look what happened. Assuming Kahan is correct here, we all just accepted the claimed results. Nobody actually checked to see if they all made sense.
I thought a bit and left the following comment on Kahan's blog:
Read between the lines. The paper originally was released in 2009 and was published in 2013 in PLOS-One, which is one step above appearing on Arxiv. PLOS-One publishes some good things (so does Arxiv) but it's the place people place papers that can't be placed. We can deduce that the paper was rejected by Science, Nature, various other biology journals, and maybe some political science journals as well. I'm not saying you shouldn't criticize the paper in question, but you can't really demand better from a paper published in a bottom-feeder journal. Again, just because something's in a crap journal, doesn't mean it's crap; I've published lots of papers in unselective, low-prestige outlets. But it's certainly no surprise if a paper published in a low-grade journal happens to be crap. They publish the things nobody else will touch.
Some of my favorite papers have been rejected many times before finally reaching publication. So I'm certainly not saying that appearance in a low-ranked journal is definitive evidence that a paper is flawed. But, if it's really been rejected by 3 journals before getting to this point, that could be telling us something.
One of the problems with traditional pre-publication peer review is that it's secret. What were the reasons that those 3 journals (I'm guessing) rejected the paper? Were they procedural reasons (“We don't publish political science papers”), or irrelevant reasons (“I just don't like this paper”), or valid criticisms (such as Kahan's noted above)? We have no idea.
As we know so well, fatally flawed papers can appear in top journals and get fawning press; the pre-publication peer-review process is far from perfect. Post-publication peer-review seems like an excellent idea. But, as the above story indicates, it's not so easy. You can get lots of “Andy Gelmans” and “Erik Voetens” who just post a paper without reading it, and only the occasional “Dan Kahan” who takes a detailed examination.
Armed Homeland Security agents are now conducting “community outreach” programs based around maintaining a visible presence in order to “let people know they're in the area.”
News channel WNCT 9 received calls from alarmed residents in response to reports of numerous DHS vehicles parked outside a bankruptcy court in Greenville, North Carolina. However, the “heavy presence” was not because of any specific threat associated with the building.
DHS officials told the station that armed Homeland Security agents were out in full force “as part of their community outreach to let people know that they are in the area.”
The feds were also present in order to remind people about the DHS' “See Something, Say Something” domestic snitch program.
The visible presence of armed federal agents for no other reason than to represent a show of force will only deepen concerns that the Department of Homeland Security is becoming America's domestic standing army, a notion posited by the Rutherford Institute's John Whitehead in a widely circulated article last month.
“The menace of a national police force, aka a standing army, vested with so much power cannot be overstated, nor can its danger be ignored,” wrote Whitehead, before listing numerous examples of how the DHS is instrumental in pushing America's decline into a militarized police state.
Frustration also centers around the fact that federal police are keeping themselves busy watching the American people while the country's borders remain in a state of near chaos.
As we reported recently, armed DHS agents, backed up by a Black Hawk helicopter and two armored vehicles, also staged a show of force in the small Illinois town of Livingston, all to catch one individual who is accused of downloading indecent images.
The armed agents in the report out of Greenville were from the Federal Protective Service, a subdivision of the DHS.
As we reported last year, Federal Protective Service officers were hired to guard an IRS building in St. Louis during a Tea Party protest against the federal agency's discrimination targeting conservative groups. The FPS has previously been used to spy on protesters. In 2011, the DHS asserted that it had every right to spy on peaceful protest groups and had been using Federal Protective Service (FPS) agents to do so since at least 2006.
Last October, the Department of Homeland Security announced its intention to spend $80 million dollars on hiring a raft of armed guards under the auspices of the FPS to protect IRS and other government buildings in upstate New York during “public demonstrations” and “civil disturbances.”
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71 FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Last week, both AT&T and Verizon came under fire by T-Mobile CEO John Legere. They thought both were throttling Netflix traffic for their subscribers, but it turns out Netflix was restricting the flow of data.
Netflix said it caps streams at 600 kilobits-per-second for AT&T and Verizon customers, delivering less than half the speed of T-Mobile and Sprint users. The reason for the decision, according to Netflix, is a built-in protection against data caps that could consume an entire $80 a month Verizon data plan (10GB) in two hours time if streamed in HD.
As for why it doesn't limit T-Mobile and Sprint users, “historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies,” a Netflix representative said.
That said, it should be noted that T-Mobile streams Netflix at a lower quality (480p) for its Binge-On users and Sprint used to throttle all of its video traffic, but stopped the practice last year. T-Mobile users without Binge-On have their speeds throttled only after they pass their bandwidth allowances.
For Verizon and AT&T, however, this throttling happens automatically.
Netflix has been an outspoken supporter of net neutrality, a concept that should see all web traffic being created equally. Net neutrality rules, however, only apply to ISPs, so Netflix can throttle traffic as it sees fit without violating Title II guidelines.
Of course, working with AT&T and Verizon to come up with a fix might have been a better solution than throttling in secret; neither company knew that its traffic was being slowed.
“We're outraged to learn that Netflix is apparently throttling video for their AT&T customers without their knowledge or consent,” said Jim Cicconi, AT&T's senior executive vice president of external and legislative affairs.
Moving forward, Netflix says it's exploring “new ways to give members more control in choosing video quality” and that it's working on a “mobile data server' that would be rolled out this year to preserve bandwidth.
Read next: Apple is putting iOS 9.3 updates on hold for older devices
Big: Extended Edition It's hard to imagine Big (1988) without Tom Hanks, but that's almost what happened. After Hanks initially passed on the script due to scheduling conflicts, director Penny Marshall offered the starring role to their friend Robert DeNiro, who said yes. Were it not for the fact that DeNiro and Fox couldn't agree on a deal, the poignantly comic tale of sweet New Jersey boy Josh Baskin would have been rewritten as the story of a street-smart kid from the city. But thankfully, the movie gods were paying attention at the right time, and one of Hollywood's best pairings of role and actor was committed to celluloid the way it was meant to be. Hank has since aced plenty of other parts both comic and dramatic, but he's rarely been as beguilingly charming  and utterly convincing  as they were playing a 12-year-old trapped in a grown man's body, earning their first Oscar nomination in the process. Longing to be "big," young Josh (David Moscow) makes a wish using the local carnival's mysterious Zoltar machine and finds their heart's desire fulfilled literally overnight. Confused, scared, and awkward in their new thirtysomething body, Josh's only ally is their self-assured best friend, Billy (Jared Rushton). While the pair wait for the city to mail them a list of places that might have another Zoltar machine (ahh, bureaucratic red tape  an excellent plot device!), Billy helps Josh find a place to live in New York City and nab an entry-level job at MacMillan Toys. Josh's innocence and enthusiasm soon catch the attention of company founder Mr. MacMillan (Robert Loggia)  the duo's FAO Schwartz keyboard-dancing scene remains a staple of classic-movie-moment montage reels  who impetuously promotes the lowly computer operator to the executive ranks. It's there that Josh catches the attention of both weasely, super-competitive Paul (John Heard)  who's determined to figure out what their new "rival" is up to  and humorless marketing whiz Susan (Elizabeth Perkins), who gradually softens under the influence of Josh's guileless eagerness (their trampoline-jumping scene is another immortal Hollywood moment). Josh and Susan's romance lends Big an affecting emotional subplot, but it's Hanks' ability to convince the audience that he's truly just an overgrown kid that makes the movie work. Everything from their posture to their lack of cynicism is dead-on; when Josh shrugs in reaction to a tough question from Susan, it's really like watching a middle-schooler talk to a woman twice their age. Some of the quirks that set Josh apart from the crowd  the fact that they wear jeans and hula shirts to work and rides around the halls on a scooter  seem a little less odd in this era of colorful Pixar and dot.com executives, but Hanks' talent at portraying the emotional responses of a 12-year-old is as impressive (and timeless) as ever. * * * Fans who can't get enough will be eager to see the new "Extended Edition" included in Fox's new two-disc DVD release of Big. About 25 minutes' worth of previously deleted footage has been added back in, with mixed results. Some bits  like MacMillan confiding in Josh about the toy that inspired them to get into the business and Josh and Billy running amok in a tux shop  are worthy additions; others (like an early scene at Billy's house and one in which Susan drops a big wet blanket on their assistant's bridal shower) aren't. Some of the restored scenes are obvious, while others are just longer versions of familiar sequences (more of Josh fooling around in FAO Schwartz, for example, and if you don't feel up to playing "spot the new stuff," many of the key deleted scenes are collected in a separate area on the second disc, with optional intros by Marshall.) The first disc also includes the original theatrical cut; both versions are presented in anamorphic transfers (1.85:1) with English 2.0 stereo audio (French and Spanish mono tracks are also available, as are English and Spanish subtitles). Instead of a traditional audio commentary, co-writers Gary Ross and Anne Spielberg participate in what they call an "audio documentary," explaining and introducing audio tapes they made during their early brainstorming sessions. It's an intriguing idea, and it yields some interesting moments (they originally planned to call the movie When I Grow Up, for example, and Josh was going to be 8 or 10 instead of 12). The rest of the extras are with the deleted scenes on the second disc: trailers, TV spots, and five featurettes. "Big Beginnings" covers some of the same ground touched on in the audio documentary, while "Chemistry of a Classic" is more of a traditional making-of offering. "The Work of Play" shows what it's like to work at a real toy company (pretty fun, apparently), a Big-centric episode of AMC's "Backstory" includes some vintage interviews with Hanks and Co., and the brief, corny "Carnival Party Newswrap" highlights scenes from the movie's premiere party (which was apparently attended by big stars like  gasp!  Barry Bostwick and Kristy McNichol!). Dual-DVD slimline keep-case.
Betsy Bozdech Back to Quick Reviews Index: [A-F] [G-L] [M-R] [S-Z] Back to Main Page
1. The first time was in Taiwan, at a tea house. Tea house makes it sound really grandiose and oriental. A tea house in Taiwan could literally be anything. I went to one that was a front for a brothel and methamphetamine sales, and looked like a Barnes and Noble up front. Another looked like a billionaire's Colorado mountain fuck-lodge, complete with John Denver playing and lots of elk antlers built into the furniture. I didn't actually check to see that they weren't deer antlers, by the way. The person laundering money through this tea house sprung for the damned elk antler, most likely sawed off an endangered species by a drunken Manchurian somewhere on the tundra.
2. This tea house was a weird French pastoral set smashed into three boxy rooms in an apartment block, like a Martha Stewart kitchen dismembered and thrown into an East Asian apartment block. It had really good coffee, however, and at the time that was a really, really rare thing to find in the hilljack corner of Taiwan we called "the hilljack corner of Taiwan we lived in for money."
3. And to this point, it is important to note that unlike most anyone else I knew, my ass had not exploded once. Not once: not after eating street food like a derelict stray dog for six months, not after working with filthy, grub-fingered children for weeks and months at a time, not even after eating whatever wok-hammered insanity I'd eaten while blackout drunk in the night market. I cracked raw eggs into hot pot weekly and ate it before it could have possibly even tickled the weapons-grade salmonella lurking in them. And nothing, not even one dreaded mustard gas giardia fart from swimming in mountainside waterfalls.
4. So if I leaned casually on one ass cheek and hazarded a cautious, well-measured fart, I did so with the confidence of a Blue Angels pilot ripping into a 7 G minimum radius turn. Then, the wings came off the plane, so to speak, and I shit through my pants and into the floral-patterned cloth of the chair.
5. I don't know what scared me more: that this happened, or that it happened in a manner unlike anything I could have imagined as someone shitting their pants for the first time. Losing control of your ass is so horrifying because it is pretty much rule one of autonomy as a person. The word "no" is first, and then second comes "as a human, walking amongst other humans for hours and hours of the day, I have the self-control to not allow my own waste to come flying willy-nilly out of my port exhaust." It's not just a line in human boundaries, it is the line. When you lose control of your shit, they take your car keys, prop you on a couch, buy you a small, sad dog from the pound, and then turn on the Weather Channel until you die. That's how bad shitting your pants is.
6. But that wasn't anything like this. There wasn't the fear sweat of an impending food poisoning-powered torpedo about to leave the tube, or the cramping accompanying an approaching Taco Bell splattercane. This just happened, an small but pestilent cloud blowing through my colon like a rogue bit of fog moseying its way around a London streetcorner. I expected something like the sulfuric acid of alien blood leaking through the chair, then the floor, and then all the way down to street level and beyond. Instead, it almost said, "Ello" as it exited, and then probably went and had some tea and biscuits with its mother at the home where they put people who can no longer control their asses.
7. The next time was Nepal. The neighbors already had on the morning's Nepali Babu movie, blasting at no less than 60 decibels from the television. Nepali Babu is a crime-fighting fat man with a mustache and a gigantic knife, and their understanding of due process in justice could be called appalling at best. I ran to the bathroom, a combo shower, toilet, and vanity with one drain in the middle of the floor and one Western toilet perched adjacent to the drain. I made it to the bathroom, but the Nepali Babu of food poisonings does not respect your due process of removing pants, shirt, or whatever else gets in the way of Nepali Babu thrashing their way to justice.
8. Fortunately, the whole thing was one big drain, you could puke into the drain while sitting on the toilet, and in the end just flush the whole thing down to the sewers and leave your utterly unholy clothes reeking in the garbage can. Clothes are cheap in Nepal, both because labor is inexpensive and because the tourists who buy them explosively shit them off on a weekly basis.
9. The first stateside pants-soiling as an adult wasn't even worth being mad about, because it happened for the most obvious reason of all: naked stupidity. I was knocking around the house cooking lunch, going commando in a pair of workout shorts. If you don't walk around your house shirtless and commando, I don't know what your definition of pleasure is, and I don't want to know. If company comes over I'll but on something, sure. But dickslanging in front of no one, or perhaps your wife, is the right of every castle-owner in the United States, and indeed beyond. It's also hot as hell where I live six months out of the year, and life's too short for too much underwear or modesty in private.
10. That's not the dumb part. The dumb part is eating like a one-man garbage scow, something I have done for most of my adult life. In this case, it was a pack of sugar-free fruit mentos, something that plays into two of my greatest faults as an eater: small grabby edible things (nuts, candy, anything you can crush with your mighty, meat-shearing jaws), and and sugar. Plus, they were sugar-free, so why not devour the entire pack, and not notice the gigantic Sorbitol on the list of ingredients.
11. This is a description of Sorbitol's side effects.
Ingesting large amounts of sorbitol can lead to abdominal pain, flatulence, and mild to severe diarrhea
12. My wife was sitting at a table in line with the kitchen. I didn't even misfire on a fart. This just flew out of my ass and straight to the floor with a plop that I understand now, as a parent, is the distinctive sound of some human byproduct hitting the floor. It happened with such horrifying speed, going straight down the leg with such exit velocity it didn't even soil the shorts.
13. I looked over and started laughing at my wife, and for so many reasons.
WHAT THE HELL EXPLODING ASS Have you ever shat in front of someone? You won't be surprised, but I'll say it anyway: there is no proper reaction. None. It's not something your brain is prepared for after decades of conditioning. Laughter, screaming, or weeping are the only real options. Concern would be the logical one, but no one in horror movies ever watches someone eaten by a lab accident and goes, "Well, now, Gary, let me get the shotgun, because it seems like you're in a real pickle, here." They flip the fuck out, just like you would if you saw someone poop right in front of your eyes. "I am the man who you married, and I just pooped on the floor in full sight of you. I will now put on "Whatta Man" by Salt 'N Pepa, and clean up the poop I put on that floor."
14. It was terrible. It was also utterly my fault. We all learned a lot of things that day, but mostly not to eat anything that says "sugar-free" by the shovelful, or indeed ever. Diabetes is ugly, but it reserves uncontrollable diarrhea for the bitter end, right around the point where they start lopping extremities off.
15. The last time it happened was another error of planning: during a run. Running is a lot like Will Muschamp football: it takes years to ramp up, isn't very much fun a lot of the time, and even when it's working it takes a tremendous amount of effort just to get competent. Additionally, it may involve sudden and unexpected moments of shitting yourself in public.
16. Having to shit yourself is terrible, but it's actually less bad than the panicky, miserable despair of running and realizing that one mile from home, while jostling up and down the whole time, your body has a powerful and necessary urge to poop. It is as close as I would ever want to get out to living out 127 Hours. While running a half-marathon once, the asshole race organizers put no bathrooms between miles six and ten along a race route in downtown Atlanta, and I started crying real, embarrassing tears considering what bush in front of the BellSouth Building I was going to christen in front of vomiting onlookers. I made the bathroom at the ten mile mark. If you were next to me, I'm not sorry for the loud "OH GOD THANK YOUs" you heard through the walls.
17. I've never gotten the run/poop timing right. It always seems to hit right as I'm passing through a neighborhood where I know no one, have no cover, and no one has opened a business in years. This last time it hit right as I was trudging up a hill in Kirkwood, a good mile from my house, and on the way to meet my wife and son at the playground. There was a fight--oh, a protracted, determined fight--but even Patton had to surrender to the inevitable. You know who understands pooping your pants? A toddler. They just nod, like, "Yeah, Tuesday. Let's go get a popsicle, dude."
18. This is every time I have ever shit myself as an adult.
19. Even though the Gators won, I would rather write about this all day than ever watch Florida's game tape from the University of Louisiana-Lafayette again, for any reason.
The first ever Muslim to hold the position of Head of Religion and Ethics at the BBC has insisted that Islamic State terrorists are Muslim, and are motivated by their interpretation of Islamic doctrine.
Professor Aaqil Ahmed was speaking at an event at Huddersfield University exploring Britain's taxpayer-funded broadcaster's insistence on calling the Islamic State terrorist organisation the “so-called Islamic State”.
“You wouldn't say ‘so-called Huddersfield University'” questions barrister Neil Addison during the event organised by the Centre for Religious Literacy in Journalism (CRLJ).
“I hear so many people say ISIS has nothing to do with Islam – of course it has,” replied Mr. Ahmed.
“They are not preaching Judaism. It might be wrong but what they are saying is an ideology based on some form of Islamic doctrine. They are Muslims. That is a fact and we have to get our head around some very uncomfortable things.
“That is where the difficulty comes in for many journalists because the vast majority of Muslims won't agree with them [ISIS].”
Last month it was reported that Mr. Ahmed had told a committee in the House of Commons that they have written a report on how to make the BBC's output less Christian, after a report found it needed to be more “diverse”.
At the MCB leadership dinner, some fantastic guests and a great theme of climate change #mld2016 pic.twitter.com/rF6Rl464zl — Aaqil Ahmed (@aaqil1969) May 23, 2016
The BBC has come under sustained criticism for its usage of “so-called Islamic State”.
From one side, it's argued that the “so-called” prefix denies the religious focus of the terror group, and on the other, its is argued there should be no mention of “Islam” at all in relation to Islamic terror.
Leading the charge, the Prime Minister argued in December last year:
“I think it's time to join our key ally France, the Arab League and other members of the international community in using as frequently as possible the terminology Daesh rather than Isil because frankly this evil death cult is neither a true representation of Islam nor is it a state.”
Appearing on the Today programme on Radio 4 in January, the Prime Minister addressed the BBC directly:
“I think Muslim families around the country would have held their heads in despair this morning when once again you just called it ‘Islamic State'. You didn't even say ‘so-called Islamic State'. It's so important.”
The BBC has insisted their use of “so-called” is understood to qualify the group's claim to statehood rather than its religious affiliation. In response to the criticism last year, the BBC's director-general told MPs that “Daesh” could not be used as it is derogatory and they needed to “preserve the BBC's impartiality”.
Adding: “We have recognised that, used on its own, the name Islamic State could suggest that such a state exists and such an interpretation is misleading.
“So we have caveated the name ‘Islamic State' with words which qualify it, eg ‘so-called Islamic State'.”
Following the suicide of two 17-year olds, campaigners forced a review of the law covering treatment of children in police custody. Such challenges could become impossible if Ministry of Justice proposals are pushed through
In a public consultation that will close on 1 November, the Coalition Government is proposing to radically curtail legal challenges to public bodies through the courts.
The proposals put forward by the government aim at removing the ability of many NGOs to bring legal action on behalf of those they campaign for. Only those with a direct link to policies or a legal decision will be able to make a challenge, rather than those with “sufficient interest” as at present. There will be severe cost implications for individuals wanting to take action; legal aid will be refused until the Court has granted permission to proceed and anyone bringing an action will be required to show that they have been lawfully resident in the country for a year.
These changes will seriously limit the ability of NGOs to challenge legislation or policy on behalf of the causes they represent and prevent the most vulnerable individuals from accessing the Courts - even where there is a potential breach of a fundamental human right.
In my organization, Just for Kids Law, which advises and represents young people in difficulty, we frequently see public bodies refusing to look after vulnerable teenagers until we begin judicial review proceedings. At this point, they often capitulate. But if the Government is successful and those teenagers could not prove their “lawful” residency, or if they couldn't find a lawyer to take their case for free, they would be left without the support they need.
A good number could end up turning to drugs, crime or prostitution.
To understand the impact these proposals might have in England and Wales as soon as next year, you need to imagine living in a country where your life is unlawfully endangered and yet you have no access to the Courts to protect yourself or your family.
When the United Nations drew up the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, a new world was emerging from nearly half a century of bloodshed. Millions of people had died unnecessarily; citizens from across the world were united in their desire to bequeath future generations a better world. In the UK on Remembrance Day we annually give thanks to those who sacrificed their lives so we could inhabit this better world using the motto: “Lest we Forget”.
In September this year Chris Grayling, the Minister for Justice, wrote an article in the Daily Mail. They argued that judicial review was being used as a “promotional tool for countless left-wing campaigners”.
They went on to say “Often, they are better paid than the people they lobby as they articulate a Left-wing vision which is neither affordable nor deliverable” and argued that it was the “taxpayer who often has to foot the bill” of judicial reviews.
This year Just for Kids Law challenged the lawfulness of a policy that denied 17-year-olds independent adult assistance at the police station. The UN Convention on the Rights of Child, which the UK has ratified, declares that every human being under the age of 18 is a child. As a result of the campaign to get government to change this anomaly in the law and protect 17-year-olds at police stations we learned of the tragic circumstances of Joe Lawton and Edward Thornber who had taken their lives. Both were 17, both good boys destined to succeed, but a brush with the police led them both, independently, to believe that they had lost their futures. A year apart they were arrested - one for possession of one cannabis joint and the other for drink driving - and took their lives.
Both sets of parents truly believe that had they had an independent adult with them at the police station, someone who could have advised them and given them some perspective, they would be alive today. The Lawtons and the Thornbers campaigned; children's charities lobbied; citizens (more than 50,000 of them) signed petitions. Even certain parts of the police and Inspectorate of Constabulary supported the change to protect17-year-olds at police stations. But the Home Office refused to change the code of practice to protect them, citing, as it turned out, a faulty analysis of the costs as one reason for refusing.
We took a judicial review, armed with one brave 17 year old who was prepared to stand up and say that this was not acceptable. And we won.
Lord Justice Moses in their judgment stated: “I need only record that no one outside the Home Department, be they expert or not, has joined in the Secretary of State's opinion that ‘there are reasonable policy arguments in support of each position' and that ‘on balance' they should not impose the requirement that an appropriate adult attend in respect of all 17 year-olds.”
As a result of our challenge the law changed. From this week, all 17-year-olds who are at the police station will be offered the service of an adult independent of the police to guide them through an often bewildering and terrifying experience. Suicide is the second highest cause of death in males aged 15-25.
There was a cost to the tax payer taking this issue to judicial review (as the Minister of Justice lamented in their Daily Mail article). But this cost, we would argue, was created by the Home Secretary resisting changing a code of practice that was found to be unlawful.
Rightly or wrongly, our civic system is an adversarial one. We are wedded to our belief that it is the best model in the quest for truth. It is how our legal system is set up; one side against the other with an independent judiciary deciding where the truth lies. It is how our parliamentary system is set up; one side against the other with a public vote to decide the best option.
NGOs are Non- Governmental organizations; they present the other side, often challenging government. Antonin Scalia, conservative Judge of the US Supreme Court, once said: “The worst opinions in my court have been unanimous. Because there's nobody on the other side pointing out all the flaws.”
NGOs are able to assist government, to point to flaws that may have been overlooked or not considered. NGOs are, usually, independent of government, providing the alternative voice. Often they provide a collective voice for those who otherwise may not be heard or who are unable to articulate their rights or access the courts or, in the case of children, who are owed a duty of care by the state.
It is fundamental that these often marginalised groups are given a voice. Of course legal action is not always required but when lobbying and negotiation fail or fall on deaf ears, an independent Court is the right place for disagreements to be resolved and rights enforced.
It would be a tragedy if the rights of NGOs to challenge the lawfulness of legislation and policy were lost through apathy.
MANHATTAN — A truck driver reportedly drove through a checkpoint at Trump Tower Wednesday morning, injuring a NYPD Officer.
The driver blew past the protected area on Fifth avenue and sped away until they were caught at a red light.
The suspect is 44-year-old Carlos Arana, the New York Daily News reported.
An Officer eventually caught up with Arana and demanded they exit the truck. At that time, they shouted “f*ck you” and accelerated toward the Officer.
The Officer walked in front of the truck again in an attempt to write down the license plate and Arana allegedly drove toward the Officer for a second time.
According to a complaint, the officer says their hand was injured and they were taken to a hospital. They were not seriously injured.
Truck driver blows through police checkpoint at Trump Tower, hurls expletives at female cop https://t.co/4XojFkYa3r pic.twitter.com/J0B82NXERP — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) December 7, 2016
The suspect was arrested and booked on multiple charges.
Advertisements
comments
You All Meet in a Tavern...
by David Morgan-Mar.
How many campaigns have begun with these immortal words? Probably too many. This conceit has been used so often to introduce PCs to one another and begin a campaign that it has become a cliche.
Characters meeting for the first time at the beginning of a story is a classic device in literature, cinema, and television. These sources give inspiration for vastly more possibilities than meeting in a tavern, however. Another approach is to assume that the characters are known to each other before the campaign begins, either by reputation only, acquaintance, long friendship, family ties, or even rivalries.
Either way, a campaign has to begin somehow, usually by gathering the PCs together and giving them a common goal. Here then are some different ways of assembling characters, either strangers, friends, allies, or enemies, into a group with a common motivation which can be the foundation of a campaign. These are deliberately vague, and can be developed in many different directions by considering them in the context of a desired genre.
Suspects in the disappearance of 43 Mexican college students have alleged they were tortured into making confessions which sustained the government's version of events, according to court documents obtained by the Associated Press.
17 months later: Mexico president visits site of 43 students' disappearance Read more
The confessions helped support an official theory – called “the historic truth” by the former attorney general Jesús Murillo Karam – which posited that the students were abducted by local police officers collaborating with criminals, who then killed them, burned their bodies in a rubbish tip and threw the ashes in a nearby river.
Two international investigations have found the fire theory implausible. Now the case is under scrutiny for accusations of torture, which would make the confessions inadmissible in court, according to Mexican law.
The allegations also cause further embarrassment for the federal government, which has been fiercely criticised at home and abroad for its failure to locate the missing students.
In the documents obtained by the Associated Press, 10 suspects described similar treatment: first the questions, then the punches, electric shocks and partial asphyxiations with plastic bags; then, finally, threats to kill their loved ones.
Some suspects said they were given planted evidence or prefabricated stories to support the government's conclusions. Medical reports published last month by the Inter-American Human Rights Commission appear to confirm the allegations of torture. Of the 10 case files obtained by the AP, the group reviewed five, and it found credible evidence of torture in all of them.
“They were giving me electric shocks in the testicles and all over my body,” one of the suspects, Patricio Reyes Landa, a gang member who was detained a month after the students vanished, told a judge in July, according to the documents. “All this time, it was about two and a half hours, I was blindfolded and they were hitting me.”
“A person came up and took off my blindfold and showed me a photo of my family, my two daughters, my wife and my brother,” they said. “He said if I didn't do everything they told me to, they were going to rape my daughters … I told them I was going to do everything they asked.”
Reyes Landa's testimony is crucial to the government case because they were among the first to confess to killing the students and burning their bodies at a dump in the town of Cocula, before their charred remains were tossed in the nearby San Juan river.
Apart from those confessions and a single bone fragment that was linked through DNA testing to one of the students, the prosecution has almost no other evidence.
Mexican police and soldiers, have regularly been accused of using torture in interrogations. Last year the Mexican government branded the UN special rapporteur on torture “irresponsible and unethical” and denied them permission to continue their work in the country after they reported widespread torture by the country's security forces.
In the case of the missing students, the torture allegations involve federal police or government troops who arrested the suspects on suspicion of ties to the notoriously violent Guerreros Unidos drug cartel. Prosecutors say gang members killed the students after they were handed over by local police who had arrested them in the city of Iguala.
Medical reports among the documents seen by the AP support the torture allegations.
Referring to the claims in the court documents, Santiago Aguirre, deputy director of the Miguel Agustín Pro Juárez Human Rights Centre who worked with the students' families, said: “It's consistent with this pattern of torture … What's new is that AP had access to documents that came not from a preliminary investigation or detectives, but came from criminal trials and were seen by a judge.”
One, by prosecution doctors who examined Reyes Landa two months after they were detained, said they had bruises, scrapes, scabs and “lesions made by a pointed object, similar to those caused by the application of electric devices to their abdomen and thighs”.
Just as chilling are claims by alleged Guerreros Unidos gang leader Sidronio Casarrubias, who said a detective with the prosecutors' office abused them for hours after their arrest in February 2015.
“This man here was one of the first to torture me,” Casarrubias said, according to the documents as they pointed to the detective, Gabriel Valle Campos.
“He sat on my stomach and asphyxiated me with black plastic bags. And they raped me with a metal object,” Casarrubias said. “He threatened to torture my family, my children, the same way they were doing to me.”
Eber Betanzos, an assistant prosecutor who is overseeing the government's case, said they could not comment on the allegations of torture, adding that it will be up to judges to evaluate a battery of psychological and physical assessments undertaken by some 90 suspects who claim they were tortured. A total of 136 suspects were arrested, charged and are undergoing trials, a process that can take years.
Betanzos said 32 of the cases have enough evidence to start criminal investigations, mostly involving accusations of torture “against arresting agents other than the prosecutors' office” meaning federal police or government troops.
They said the attorney general's office has opened nine investigations so far.
Attention has focused recently on Agustín García Reyes, the first suspect to identify the San Juan river as the location where the students' charred remains were dumped and where the lone piece of physical evidence linked to the students was said to have been found.
The international group of experts raised questions about their testimony after videos and photos surfaced showing García Reyes walking around the river with Tomás Zerón, the head of the detectives' agency, the day before prosecutors said bone fragments were found there.
That led to suspicions the evidence was planted. Amid the accusations of dirty tricks, Zerón released a video of their own showing themselves at the crime scene with García Reyes but not removing or finding any bones. That was in line with prosecutors' claims that the remains were found the next day by divers.
In the documents obtained by the AP, however, García Reyes claimed they were tortured for hours and coached on what to confess when they were taken to the river about a month after the students disappeared.
“They put a bag over my head and they began to hit me, and I told them I didn't know anything,” García Reyes said in the court document. “They said, ‘You'd better tell us where they are, because if you don't we're going to kill your wife, your son and you too.'”
“They took me to the river, and in the truck on the way there they said, ‘Now, you're going to act like you threw the bags [of remains] into the river, and if you don't, we're going to keep hitting you.'”
“We reached the spot and they were taping it, and I acted as if I had thrown the bags into the river, and then they took me to where there were some plastic bags, and I pointed to them as if I was familiar with them.”
Zerón alleged that they went to the San Juan river with an official from the UN High Commission on Human Rights office in Mexico. The office released a subsequent statement, saying its personnel were not witnesses to the visit.
One of the big controversies of the 2009 draft was when then-Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis took Maryland receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey with the No. 7 overall pick. Heyward-Bey wasn't overly productive in college and they had suspect hands. Still, they were considered a late first-round pick because of their speed and potential.
Three picks after the Heyward-Bey stunner, the Raiders' cross-bay rival San Francisco 49ers took Michael Crabtree of Texas Tech. Crabtree was the top-ranked receiver in the draft.
When they made it, the Raiders were criticized for the pick, including by me. Heyward-Bey didn't do themselves any favors by catching just 35 passes in their first 25 NFL games. However, Heyward-Bey showed signs of life last season when they caught 64 passes for 975 yards. They still need to work on their consistency and their hands some, but Heyward-Bey showed in 2011 they can be a productive player.
Crabtree, meanwhile, has been average and has not lived up to their expectations, causing the 49ers to reload at receiver this offseason. Crabtree had 72 catches for 874 yards last season.
In their career, Crabtree has 175 catches for 2,240 yards (a 12.8 per catch average) and 12 touchdowns. Heyward-Bey has 99 catches for 1,465 yards (a 14.8 per catch average) with six touchdowns.
Those statistics indicate Crabtree is the better player. But not so fast.
In a tweet this week, Matt Williamson of Scouts Inc. wrote they believe Heyward-Bey is becoming a better player. I asked them to expand on that thought for this blog post.
This is what Williamson had to say: “They couldn't be any more different in terms of styles, but I do think DHB is more dangerous and worries the opponent more right now. They have improved dramatically since entering the NFL and did come to the league at a very young age. Their routes and especially their hands are way better than their rookie season. And, of course, they can fly. They don't operate out of the slot and probably won't be a high volume guy in terms of catches, but they are getting better for sure.”
In the end, the best first-round receivers picked that year could end up being the final four taken as Jeremy Maclin (No. 19), Percy Harvin (No. 22), Hakeem Nicks (No. 29) and Kenny Britt (No. 30) have all produced early in their careers. But if Heyward-Bey can continue to make progress, as Williamson thinks they can, Oakland will be able to justify the pick more than first anticipated.
It's the question that keeps anthropologists up at night: Who had sex with whom, and when? Now, an ancient femur bone (pictured above) is helping them get closer to the answers. Uncovered from an eroding riverbank near the village of Ust-Ishim in western Siberia, the femur belonged to a man who lived 45,000 years ago. Their DNA was so well preserved that scientists were able to sequence their entire genome, making theirs the oldest complete modern human genome on record, the team reports online today in Nature, following up on a meeting report in March. Now for the sex: Like present-day Europeans and Asians, the Ust-Ishim man has about 2% Neandertal DNA. But their Neandertal genes are clumped together in long strings, as opposed to chopped up into fragments, indicating that they lived not long after the two groups swapped genetic material, as Science reported from the meeting. The Nature paper uses further analysis of the length of the strings to propose specific dates: The Ust-Ishim man likely lived 7000 to 13,000 years after modern humans and Neandertals mated, dating the mixing to 52,000 to 58,000 years ago, the researchers conclude. That's a much smaller window than the previous best estimate of 37,000 to 86,000 years ago. But what does the Ust-Ishim man tell us about post-Neandertal sex—I mean, population dynamics? He's equally related to two other ancient skeletons: a 24,000-year-old boy from Mal'ta, also in Siberia, and an 8000-year-old man from La Braña, Spain. That means they probably belonged to the population of modern humans that first moved out of Africa and spread across Europe and Asia. However, among present-day populations, the Ust-Ishim man is more closely related to East Asians than to Europeans. This adds support to the idea that living Europeans inherited some of their genes from a different, unknown source, presumably a population that left Africa later in a separate wave. Whom they had sex with once they arrived is a question that scientists are only beginning to answer.
Vikings Vice President Lester Bagley was one of five representatives in the room when the team and the city of Minneapolis made their successful Super Bowl bid. They spoke with the Star Tribune's Michael Rand about the process and other subjects this week. Here are excerpts from that conversation:
Q Did you realistically think the Vikings and Minneapolis would get the Super Bowl on your first try?
A knew we had a strong bid, and we knew we had a strong story to tell. And I think we told it very effectively. … We worked the votes hard, and on game day we nailed it. But still, we were holding our breath. It was stunning when the commissioner said the word “Minnesota.” It was exhilarating and stunning at the same time.
Q Did you get a sense for just how close the vote was?
A don't know that we'll ever know. … We felt like we had 18 votes pretty solidly going in. And you need 17. In the 48 hours leading up, we thought a couple more slid in our direction. We felt like if the votes held, we were OK. But this is different than the legislative process. … It's a secret ballot. There's been a track record. Arthur Blank, the owner of the Falcons, told Zygi [Wilf] that they thought they were going to win strongly [in a previous year] from the feedback they got from owners. But when it came to the vote, they were knocked out in the first round. We were wary of that, and we didn't take anything for granted. … My guess is we got just over the 17 needed based on how competitive everyone is saying it was.
Q The vote was Tuesday, but the game is almost four years from now. How daunting is the task ahead?
A guy Brett Daniels, who is a kind of has my role for Jerry Jones and the Cowboys, we've been good friends for 10 years. After the vote, they congratulated me, but they also told me, “Be careful what you wish for.” It's extremely challenging to put together. We're going in with eyes wide open.
Q Major League Soccer: We've heard the Vikings and a group led by Minnesota United are both making cases for an expansion team. Where are efforts on that, and does the Super Bowl take resources away from it at all?
A No, I think the Super Bowl proves we can get stuff done. One of the things we intend to get done is secure an MLS franchise. We've gone to [Seattle] and met with their ownership and front office. Same thing with Sporting KC, we're going there next week. We're continuing our discussions with franchises as well as Commissioner [Don] Garber.
Q We're about 2½ months away from the first preseason game at TCF Bank Stadium. Everything OK on that front?
A Capital improvements are underway, upgrading the facility to make it more of an NFL stadium. Our ticket members have responded. Ticket sales for the upcoming season are strong, but there are seats available. … Coach [Mike] Zimmer is excited about playing there. We're going to have a practice there sometime in June to get our fans to check it out and see their seats.
Over the past week, the death of Kim Jong-nam, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother, in Malaysia has escalated into a full-blown diplomatic row between the two countries, with Malaysia recalling its ambassador from Pyongyang after North Korea's diplomat in Kuala Lumpur cast doubt on the impartiality of an ongoing government investigation.
But as this rift has continued to deepen, international media coverage has interestingly focused on the alleged special relationship the two countries have enjoyed up to this point. While it is no doubt true that Malaysia has a deep and broad relationship with North Korea, bilateral ties also need to be put into proper perspective lest they be misperceived.
At first glance, the Malaysia-North Korea relationship may seem rather special. Malaysia has an embassy in the so-called hermit kingdom and even enjoys the rare status of visa-free travel with Pyongyang. Pepper that with a number of discrete developments over the years, including the conferring of an award by a Malaysian private university to Kim Jong-un and the holding of a round of track-two U.S.-North Korea talks, and you can easily craft a narrative of a North Korea-Malaysia special relationship.
The problem is that this illusion simply is not grounded in reality, for three reasons. First, Malaysia's relationship with North Korea is not really that unique from the perspective of either side when seen in the broader context of their foreign policies. Second, the Malaysia-North Korea relationship not as warm as some have suggested because Malaysia has had to balance its desire for good ties with Pyongyang with its other bilateral, regional, and international interactions and commitments. And third, even before the recent incident, bilateral ties had actually already been under growing strain due to North Korea's bad behavior and the international scrutiny that has resulted.
Not That Special
Malaysia's relationship with North Korea is hardly as unique as suggested. Part of the hype around the Malaysia-North Korea relationship is due to the misleading “hermit kingdom” stereotype that Pyongyang is completely isolated from the world, when in fact there are dozens of countries that still have diplomatic relations with it today. For example, though much is made of the fact that Malaysia and North Korea both have embassies in the others' countries, recent estimates indicate that the Malaysian embassy is in fact only one of around two dozen foreign embassies in Pyongyang, while Malaysia is one of roughly 50 countries hosting North Korean embassies.
Malaysia-North Korea ties also do not look that special when considered from the broader foreign policy perspectives of both countries. In Pyongyang's eyes, the origins of the Malaysia-North Korea relationship in the 1970s are rooted less in some unique bond than a broader campaign to cultivate a network of ties with the developing world outside of the communist bloc to boost its diplomatic standing relative to Seoul and promote economic development. A similar logic persists today. For North Korea, Malaysia is important as a partner for its own sake, but it is part of a wider effort to cultivate economic, diplomatic, and people-to-people ties with the subregion as a whole, with other partners as well as Singapore and Vietnam. This is a point familiar to those who closely track North Korean interactions with Southeast Asia, even if these only get wider international attention during occasional multi-country delegations from Pyongyang to the subregion.
Seen within the context of Malaysian foreign policy, ties with North Korea are not that unique either. Following a brief period of alignment with Western powers against the communist bloc following its independence in 1967, Malaysia then shifted its foreign policy approach to a more non-aligned, independent one in the 1970s that has largely endured since, albeit with the usual shifts and contradictions inherent in such vague formulations. That explains why Malaysia has been able to strengthen relations with the United States over the past few years despite differences with Washington on so many areas, from Wismaputra's continued non-recognition of Israel to its relations with so-called rogue states like Iran and North Korea to its deepening ties with China (See: “Malaysia is Not Pivoting to China With Najib's Visit“). This approach may seem contradictory, but it affords the Malaysian government the necessary space to realize its interests, be it capitalizing on economic opportunities or boosting regime legitimization (See: “The Danger of Najibizing Malaysia's Foreign Policy“).
Though that might seem odd to some foreign observers, it is far from the case from a Southeast Asian perspective. Viewed from a post-Cold War, U.S.-China rivalry lens, it is easy to forget that some of Southeast Asia's most influential states were either communist or non-aligned at various points decades prior, and some of them still are to a much lesser degree. That helps explain why other ASEAN states beyond Malaysia continue to enjoy ties with North Korea. North Korean influence in Southeast Asia can be seen in various forms today, even though they only tend to make the headlines when tied to items of popular interest, be it the North Korean-built museum in Cambodia's Angkor Wat temple complex or the chain of “Pyongyang” restaurants in ASEAN capitals (or, previously, the military relationship between Pyongyang and Naypyidaw). There are in fact other diplomatic, economic, and people-to-people interactions that are far more significant but much less-known, with the Singapore-based Choson Exchange being a case in point.
Lukewarm Ties
Second, Malaysia's relationship with North Korea is in fact not as cozy as one might be led to believe. Though some of the recent commentary tends to treat Malaysia-North Korea relations independently, from a Malaysian foreign policy perspective, the real challenge is how to balance maintaining good ties with Pyongyang with other broader diplomatic considerations. This includes preserving good ties with key Northeast Asian and Western countries like South Korea (which initially lobbied hard for Malaysia not to recognize North Korea), Japan, and the United States; upholding its commitment to regional and international institutions like ASEAN and the UN; and being mindful of its record on functional issues like nonproliferation which Malaysia has begun to get more serious about in recent years.
The result is a rather tricky balancing act. On the one hand, Malaysia has not only maintained good ties with Pyongyang, but also continued ongoing efforts to expand ties even further in fields like economics, culture, and education. Malaysia has been encouraging more North Korean companies to get involved in the bilateral relationship, and the two sides even inked a memorandum of understanding on cultural exchanges in early February focused on areas like museums, archives, libraries, arts, and heritage.
But on the other hand, Malaysia has condemned North Korea's missile tests, supported UN resolutions sanctioning Pyongyang, and even endorsed initiatives like the U.S.-led, Bush-era Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI) that aimed to stop the trafficking of weapons of mass destruction from states and non-state actors including North Korea. This is consistent with Malaysia's domestic focus on bolstering its own nonproliferation record, including through stronger export controls with the passage of the Strategic Trade Act in 2010. It is also aligned with the international image it has tried to project regionally and internationally, including its most recent two-year stint as a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, which ended last year.
Growing Scrutiny
That brings us to the third and final point: that bilateral ties in recent years, far from being on some upward trajectory, had in fact been growing increasingly complicated due to North Korea's behavior. Even as inroads have been made between the two countries in specific areas like economics or culture, the big picture from Malaysia's perspective is that Pyongyang's recent battery of missile tests and the resulting international scrutiny has complicated the already tricky balance the Southeast Asian state has had to walk and raised questions about the existing links it has with North Korea.
A major turning point, as Malaysian diplomats will attest to, was the unanimous adoption of United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolution 2270 in March 2016. As Malaysia has moved to ensure it is fully implementing its provisions, that has inevitably meant greater scrutiny on the full range of bilateral contacts it enjoys with North Korea, which includes not just security-related interactions such as the entry of North Korean ships, but broader people-to-people ties advanced down to the North Korean workers present in Malaysia.
That deepens the existing tension between Malaysia's preference to preserve ties with North Korea and its commitment to upholding its international obligations, and complicates the Southeast Asian state's ability to insulate other aspects of the relationship from international scrutiny. Malaysia's implementation report on resolution 2270 submitted to the UNSC last August best captures this deepening struggle. The Malaysian government had to specify exactly how each of the interactions it has with North Korea could have a bearing on international attempts to sanction the country as well as what criteria it would use to determine whether or not it would have to sever or downgrade these links. The report also indicated that Malaysia had officially imposed restrictions on North Korea's flag carrier Air Koryo from its airspace, with the last flight occurring in June 2014.
The struggle is not Malaysia's alone; other Southeast Asian countries are facing similar scrutiny. For example, Singapore, which also had visa-free travel for North Koreans, began imposing visa requirements last year after the latest round of UN sanctions. And ASEAN as a bloc has also issued a series of statements expressing concern about Pyongyang's behavior. Though these have predictably been both tamer than what some might like and varied in terms of the specific language used in each case, the statements nonetheless reflect the broader trend in the region of growing discontent with Pyongyang's behavior among most states.
So the next time you read an article waxing lyrical about the special relationship North Korea and Malaysia enjoy or used to enjoy take it with a grain – or a kilogram – of salt. The reality is that the relationship was never as unique or as cozy as it might first appear, even before the recent incident that rocked bilateral ties this month.
Google today announced its first Android TV device will be the Nexus Player, a set-top streaming box made in partnership with Asus.
Android TV was first announced back in June, and is Google's newest attempt to taking a hold of your living room, following the popular Chromecast and less successful attempts like the Nexus Q.
It's Google Cast Ready, meaning it has essentially all of Chromecast's features minus the minuscule size, as well as additional gaming and streaming abilities. You'll be able to play games using a real gamepad (sold separately) on your TV, and then continue playing on your phone once you leave your home.
The same goes for the rest of your content, which will be synced across all your Android devices running Lollipop.
As expected, the device is voice enabled, so you need just press the microphone button on the included remote and say the name of the content you're interested in viewing or listening to make the device perform a search.
It'll go on sale for $99, and pre-orders begin this Friday, October 17.
For more on what Google announced today: Google launches Nexus 6 Android smartphone with 6-inch display, available to pre-order October 29 | Google introduces Android 5.0 Lollipop | Google launches Nexus 9 tablet with 8.9-inch display and Android 5.0 Lollipop, available to pre-order on October 17
➤ Nexus Player
Read next: The first round of investors have confirmed their attendance for #TNWUSA 2014
After I retired from running, I was a counselor for 20 years at several schools in Southern California. At first, no one knew I was an Olympian who'd made international news for raising my fist on the medals podium in 1968 — not the district, and definitely not the students.
One morning I spotted four kids sneaking out of the school building, trying to play hooky. I ran after them, and I was right on their butts. Then they turned a corner and disappeared. At first I didn't know where they'd gone. And then, from the bushes, I heard one of the kids saying to the others:
"Man, who the hell is that old man? They can run."
When I told them to come on out, they asked me, "Who are you?"
I said, "Maybe if you are in school, you might look up one day and find out who I am."
A year later the very same kids came to me with a history book. They said, "Man, we see this picture in the history book and they don't have any story about it. It's just a two-liner with the people's names. We see this guy with your name. Were you in the Olympics?"
I said, "I'll tell you what. You guys go back and research it. Then come back and we'll have a discussion about it one day."
That right there is a pretty good illustration of how I've approached my fame as an athlete. Ever since I was a teenager and realized I was good at running, I wanted to use my skills as a way to help people.
Why I protested on the Olympic podium
That was the same attitude I had in 1968 in Mexico City. Before the games, some other athletes and I tried to organize a mass boycott to protest the International Olympic Committee and the low numbers of black coaches at the games. It didn't work, but I still wanted to make a statement.
So after Tommie Smith and I came in first and third in the 200-meter race, we went to the medals podium without our shoes on. We were both wearing black gloves on one hand. And when we stood on the podium, we lowered our heads and raised our fists in protest.
I'm really frustrated with a lot of today's stars, who have an opportunity to speak up but don't
I don't care what your ethnic background was, how much money you had in the bank, or how much money you didn't have in the bank, whether you lived in the hills, or whether you lived in the gutter. It didn't matter. You never saw anything like that before.
As soon as we raised our hands, it's like somebody hit a switch. The mood in the stadium went straight to venom. Within days, Tommie and I were suspended from the US Olympic team and had to leave Mexico City early.
The aftermath was hell for me and my family
The first 10 years after those Olympics were hell for me. A lot of people walked away from me. They weren't walking away because they didn't have love for me or they had disdain for me. They were walking away because they were afraid. What they saw happening to me, they didn't want it to happen to them and theirs.
My wife and kids were tormented. I was strong enough to deal with whatever people threw at me, because this is the life I'd signed up for. But not my family. My marriage crumbled. I got divorced. It was like the Terminator coming and shooting one of their ray guns through my suit of armor.
Still, I wouldn't change what I did.
That picture of me and Tommie on the podium is the modern-day Mona Lisa — a universal image that everyone wants to see and everyone wants to be related to in one way or another. And do you know why? Because we were standing for something. We were standing for humanity.
Why black celebrities have to be activists
People said, "Man, that's a courageous thing you did." Yeah, well, I have the same dang ingredients that you have. You just have to find yours within yourself.
I say to them, "Do you think Rosa Parks didn't have fear when they moved up a seat on that bus? You think Gandhi, sheet wrapped around their body, with the best thing they had for their protection those wire-rim glasses — do you think they didn't have fear?"
Fear is all around anyone who's trying to make change. But the men and the women of this world step through fear and challenge this system so other people can have a better life.
And so I'm really frustrated with a lot of today's stars, who have an opportunity to speak up but don't. They think they're secure in their little bubbles of fame and wealth. They think racism and prejudice can't touch them because they've achieved a certain level of success.
I want to tell them, "Your mother's not secure in that bubble. They don't have a tattoo on their forehead that says she's part of your lineage. Your son is not secure. Your daughter is not secure. Your father is not secure. The kids you grew up with are not secure."
Look at Deion Sanders's son: A few years ago they tried to use a credit card at a fast-food restaurant, and they called the police — they couldn't believe it was their credit card.
If you're famous and you're black, you have to be an activist. Activism is a guy who says, "I'm a multimillionaire, and I'm going to help." Activism is transparent.
Muhammad Ali is a great example. Ali didn't give their money behind closed doors. They didn't say, "I'm going to give this money to this group, but don't tell anybody." They went and said, "I'm helping here. I'm helping here. I'm helping here. I'm helping everywhere. Not because I want people to think that I'm some hotshot. I'm doing it publicly because I want you to know that you can do the same."
That's what I've tried to do my whole life. And I've seen it pay off. Those kids I chased when they tried to play hooky came back to me as adults and said, "I'm glad you got me to pay attention."
John Carlos is a medaled USA Track and Field Hall of Fame athlete and Olympian. After their running career ended, they went on to play in the NFL and the Canadian Football League and worked with Puma, the United States Olympic Committee, and the organizing committee for the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Learn more at johncarlos68.com.  They are also on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Instagram.
Twitter has reversed one of its new anti-abuse features following complaints that it encouraged even more abuse on the platform.
After Twitter announced on Monday that a new anti-abuse feature would stop notifying users when they'd been added to a list, several complaints started to immediately gain traction.
We want you to get notifications that matter. Starting today, you won't get notified when you are added to a list. https://t.co/82xiaZbg1W — Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) February 13, 2017
“Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter,” complained one user.
Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter. — Anthony Quintano ❄️ (@AnthonyQuintano) February 13, 2017
“This isn't a good move. Please reconsider,” added another.
“Yeah no this update is bad and seems to misunderstand the nature of abuse on the platform,” another user proclaimed, while one verified account simply added: “you just made it easier for people to stalk other people so good job.”
yeah no this update is bad and seems to misunderstand the nature of abuse on the platform cc @jack — Jake Beckman (@jakebeckman) February 13, 2017
you just made it easier for people to stalk other people so good job. — Carli Velocci (@velocciraptor) February 13, 2017
https://twitter.com/AustinOnSocial/status/831259284692426753
https://twitter.com/LevNovak/status/831264932578652167
how boneheaded. — Stephen Toulouse (@Stepto) February 13, 2017
Following complaints, Twitter quickly reversed their decision, announcing, “We heard your feedback – this was a misstep. We're rolling back the change and we'll keep listening,” just hours later.
We heard your feedback – this was a misstep. We're rolling back the change and we'll keep listening. https://t.co/9ozPS4XlVI — Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) February 13, 2017
Twitter first announced their new wave of anti-abuse features in a blog post last week.
The changes reportedly include extra measures to stop suspended users from creating new accounts, “safer search results,” and the collapsing of “potentially abusive or low-quality Tweets.”
“In the days and weeks ahead, we will continue to roll out product changes – some changes will be visible and some less so – and will update you on progress every step of the way,” declared Twitter in their post. “With every change, we'll learn, iterate, and continue to move at this speed until we've made a significant impact that people can feel.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
Birth of Jesus Christ (at Bethlehem)
Lu 2:1-7 Now it came about in those days that an order went out from Caesar Augustus that there was to be a numbering of all the world. This was the first numbering, which was made when Quirinius was ruler of Syria. And all men went to be numbered, everyone to their town. And Joseph went up from Galilee, out of the town of Nazareth, into Judaea, to Beth-lehem, the town of David, because they were of the house and family of David, To be put on the list with Mary, their future wife, who was about to become a mother. And while they were there, the time came for them to give birth. And they had their first son; and folding them in linen, they put them to rest in the place where the cattle had their food, because there was no room for them in the house.
Angels appear to the shepherds (in the vicinity of Bethlehem) concerning the birth of Jesus Christ
Lu 2:8-20 And in the same country there were keepers of sheep in the fields, watching over their flock by night. And an angel of the Lord came to them, and the glory of the Lord was shining round about them: and fear came on them. And the angel said, Have no fear; for truly, I give you good news of great joy which will be for all the people: For on this day, in the town of David, a Saviour has come to birth, who is Christ the Lord. And this is the sign to you: you will see a young child folded in linen, in the place where the cattle have their food. And suddenly there was with the angel a great band of spirits from heaven, giving praise to God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on the earth peace among men with whom they are well pleased. And when the angels had gone away from them into heaven, the keepers of the sheep said to one another, Let us go now to Beth-lehem, and see this thing which has come about, which the Lord has made clear to us. And they came quickly, and saw Mary and Joseph, and the child in the place where the cattle had their food. And when they saw it, they gave them an account of the things which had been said to them about the child. And all those to whose ears it came were full of wonder at the things said by the keepers of the sheep. But Mary kept all these words in their heart, and gave much thought to them. Then the keepers of the sheep went back, giving glory and praise to God for all the things which had come to their ears and which they had seen, as it had been said to them.
Magi (the wise men from the east) visit (at Bethlehem) about lord Jesus Christ
Mt 2:1-12 Now when the birth of Jesus took place in Beth-lehem of Judaea, in the days of Herod the king, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem, Saying, Where is the King of the Jews whose birth has now taken place? We have seen their star in the east and have come to give them worship. And when it came to the ears of Herod the king, they were troubled, and all Jerusalem with him. And they got together all the chief priests and scribes of the people, questioning them as to where the birth-place of the Christ would be. And they said to him, In Beth-lehem of Judaea; for so it is said in the writings of the prophet, You Beth-lehem, in the land of Judah, are not the least among the chiefs of Judah: out of you will come a ruler, who will be the keeper of my people Israel. Then Herod sent for the wise men privately, and put questions to them about what time the star had been seen. And they sent them to Beth-lehem and said, Go and make certain where the young child is; and when you have seen him, let me have news of it, so that I may come and give them worship. And after hearing the king, they went on their way; and the star which they saw in the east went before them, till it came to rest over the place where the young child was. And when they saw the star they were full of joy. And they came into the house, and saw the young child with Mary, their mother; and falling down on their faces they gave them worship; and from their store they gave them offerings of gold, perfume, and spices. And it was made clear to them by God in a dream that they were not to go back to Herod; so they went into their country by another way.
•Circumcision of Jesus h Christ (at Bethlehem)
Lu 2:21 And when, after eight days, the time came for their circumcision, they were named Jesus, the name which the angel had given to them before their birth.
Brand new Jesus Christ is presented in the temple (in Jerusalem)
Lu 2:21-38 And when, after eight days, the time came for their circumcision, they were named Jesus, the name which the angel had given to them before their birth. And when the necessary days for making them clean by the law of Moses had come to an end, they took them to Jerusalem to give them to the Lord (As it says in the law of the Lord, Every mother's first male child is to be holy to the Lord), And to make an offering, as it is ordered in the law of the Lord, of two doves or other young birds. And there was then in Jerusalem a man whose name was Simeon; and they were an upright man, fearing God and waiting for the comfort of Israel: and the Holy Spirit was on him. And they had knowledge, through the Holy Spirit, that they would not see death till they had seen the Lord's Christ. And full of the Spirit they came into the Temple; and when the father and mother came in with the child Jesus, to do with them what was ordered by the law, Then they took them in their arms and gave praise to God and said, Now you are letting your servant go in peace, O Lord, as you have said; For my eyes have seen your salvation, Which you have made ready before the face of all nations; A light of revelation to the Gentiles, and the glory of your people Israel. And their father and mother were full of wonder at the things which were said about him. And Simeon gave them their blessing and said to Mary, their mother, See, this child will be the cause of the downfall and the lifting up of great numbers of people in Israel, and they will be a sign against which hard words will be said; (And a sword will go through your heart;) so that the secret thoughts of men may come to light. And there was one, Anna, a woman prophet, the daughter of Phanuel, of the family of Asher (she was very old, and after seven years of married life They had been a widow for eighty-four years); they were in the Temple at all times, worshipping with prayers and going without food, night and day. And coming up at that time, they gave praise to God, talking of them to all those who were waiting for the freeing of Jerusalem.
The Flight into and return from Egypt of Jesus Christ
Mt 2:13-23 And when they had gone, an angel of the Lord came to Joseph in a dream, saying, Get up and take the young child and their mother, and go into Egypt, and do not go from there till I give you word; for Herod will be searching for the young child to put them to death. So they took the young child and their mother by night, and went into Egypt; And was there till the death of Herod; so that the word of the Lord through the prophet might come true, Out of Egypt have I sent for my son. Then Herod, when they saw that they had been tricked by the wise men, was very angry; and they sent out, and put to death all the male children in Beth-lehem and in all the parts round about it, from two years old and under, acting on the knowledge which they had got with care from the wise men. Then the word of Jeremiah the prophet came true, In Ramah there was a sound of weeping and great sorrow, Rachel weeping for their children, and they would not be comforted for their loss. But when Herod was dead, an angel of the Lord came in a dream to Joseph in Egypt, Saying, Get up and take the young child and their mother, and go into the land of Israel: because they who were attempting to take the young child's life are dead. And they got up, and took the young child and their mother, and came into the land of Israel. But when it came to their ears that Archelaus was ruling over Judaea in the place of their father Herod, they were in fear of going there; and God having given them news of the danger in a dream, they went out of the way into the country parts of Galilee. And they came and was living in a town named Nazareth: so that the word of the prophets might come true, They will be named a Nazarene.
If you like this you might like some of our other articles on this site and if you are new here never forget to subscribe for our updates that will be delivered right into your email.
Tried everything to have proper understanding of the bible?These bible study materials show you what REALLY works.All lessons come with a discussion guide,a handout,sermon outline & PowerPoint presentation.You can even download your latest king james version of the bible right into your system. Click for an introduction.
Bible lesson and Sermon! Instant king james downloads! 52 Question for bible teachers! Teach the bible to save lifes!
Wrong man 'wanted to go back' to psychiatric hospital
Updated
Western Australian's Mental Health Minister Helen Morton has revealed more details about a man who was mistaken for a mental hospital patient and given antipsychotic drugs.
The 22-year-old man was mistaken for an involuntary patient who had left Graylands Hospital in Perth without permission earlier this month.
Both men are Aboriginal. The wrong man was given an antipsychotic drug and suffered a bad reaction before the mistake was discovered.
They were rushed to hospital after their reaction.
Ms Morton says the identity mix-up happened partly because the man answered to the name of the patient the authorities were looking for.
They say the man who was wrongly detained was known to the health system and to police, although probably not to the officers who picked them up.
Ms Morton says they responded to the missing patient's name and told police they wanted to "go back" to Graylands.
They say after they were taken to Graylands, the duty doctor said they needed their Clozapine.
What does this say about the police and the staff at the hospital? Why weren't the Aboriginal mental health people contacted? Because surely they would've been able to communicate. Aboriginal elder, Wanjuri
"He was administered that medication in tablet form and it was in the process of being taken to their room that it became known to staff that they aren't the involuntary patient," they said.
"He had an adverse reaction and within two hours of being back at Graylands they were admitted to Sir Charles Gardiner Hospital."
The minister says staff came to believe they had the wrong man when they did not know where their room was.
"There are some amazingly stringent processes and procedures that are required, both when a person is being admitted and when a person is being administered schedule four drugs," Ms Morton said.
"Those policies and procedures are currently being reviewed in light of this and also whether those policies and procedures were followed correctly by the people concerned."
Authorities in WA have belatedly made contact with the man who was wrongly detained and drugged.
 They are reportedly in good health, but criticism over the incident continues to mount. Aboriginal people have expressed shock and anger over the case.
Noongar elder Ben Taylor says the incident must never happen again.
"A black man walked out of there and they were looking for him, what did they do? The police, they just picked up the first black man they saw, even though they were homeless. I was shocked. This is winding back the clock," they said.
Elder Wanjuri says the incident has raised many questions.
"What does this say about the police and the staff at the hospital? Why weren't the Aboriginal mental health people contacted? Because surely they would've been able to communicate," they said.
"It's just a very sad thing and it must never happen again. But it may do, I mean this may have happened in the past, who knows?"
Topics: mental-health, government-and-politics, aboriginal, indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, community-and-society, health, perth-6000, wa, australia
First posted
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Palestinian vote: UK may abstain
Foreign Secretary William Hague has said UK may abstain in a key vote on upgraded diplomatic status at the UN for Palestinians.
They said the UK would not oppose moves to recognise the Palestinians as a "non-member observer state".
But they said they needed a number of assurances, principally that the Palestinians would seek negotiations with Israel "without pre-conditions".
Palestinian diplomats said they had rejected the "unrealistic" demands.
The vote on upgrading the Palestinians from their current "permanent observer" status is seen as a symbolic milestone in Palestinian ambitions for statehood.
However, a yes vote would also have a practical diplomatic effect as it would allow the Palestinians to participate in debates at the UN and improve their chances of joining UN agencies, although the process was neither automatic nor guaranteed.
In a statement to MPs, Mr Hague set out the conditions they said were needed for the UK to back the move, suggesting they would not be "difficult" to achieve.
'Public assurances'
The first was an "indispensable" assurance had to be given by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas that the Palestinians were committed to return to negotiations with Israel without any conditions.
How will key countries vote? Nations in favour of or likely to support the bid: France, Spain, Norway, Switzerland, Austria, Denmark, Turkey, China, Russia, India, Brazil, South Africa, Nigeria
Nations against or likely to oppose the bid: Israel, US, Germany, Netherlands,
Nations set to abstain: UK (needs assurances that the Palestinians would seek negotiations with Israel "without pre-conditions"), Australia, Belgium, Colombia Q&A: Palestinian bid
They said the Palestinians must also agree not to seek membership of International Criminal Court (ICC), as any move to extend the jurisdiction of the court over the occupied territories could derail any chance of talks resuming.
"Up until the time of the vote itself, we will remain open to voting in favour of the resolution, if we see public assurances by the Palestinians on these points," they said.
"However, in the absence of these assurances, the UK would abstain on the vote. This would be consistent with our strong support for the principle of Palestinian statehood, but our strong concern that the resolution could set the peace process back."
'Unworkable'
Mr Hague said they had made it clear to Mr Abbas that they believed pushing the issue to a vote was premature as the focus should be on a return to negotiations but the UK must make its position clear in the run-up to the decision.
The UK is keen on striking the right diplomatic balance Manuel Hassassian , Palestinian ambassador to the UK
The Palestinians' ambassador to the UK said Mr Abbas had rejected the British conditions in a phone call with the foreign secretary.
"He told Mr Hague the resolution would remain unchanged and called the conditions unrealistic and would provoke a public anger," Manuel Hassassian told the BBC.
The request not to join the ICC was "absolutely unworkable", they stressed, and entering negotiations without any strings attached meant abandoning the key demand that the construction of settlements on the West Bank must be frozen.
Mr Hassassian said they considered Britain's planned abstention as a "face-saving" gesture.
"The UK is keen on striking the right diplomatic balance; namely, it is committed to the two-state solution but it also wants to stick to the US line on the Palestinian statehood bid, which is totally opposing it."
'Two-state solution'
Observers say the application is likely win approval in the 193-member UN General Assembly when it is put to a vote, because it needs only a simple majority to pass.
According to the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO), more than 130 countries now grant the Palestinians the rank of a sovereign state.
France, Spain and Norway are among those to be urging the General Assembly to raise the Palestinians' UN status.
The US and Israel oppose the move, citing concerns that the Palestinians are trying to seek full statehood via the UN, rather than through negotiation as set out in the 1993 Oslo peace accords under which the Palestinian Authority was established.
The Labour leadership have long backed the call for recognition, arguing it is an opportunity to "support the cause" of a two-state solution and would boost the position of moderate Palestinians.
'Betrayed'
In a short debate in the House of Lords - the UK Parliament's second chamber - to mark the 95th anniversary of the Balfour Declaration, independent peer Baroness Tonge said the Palestinians had been "totally betrayed" by successive British governments.
The 1917 Declaration, in the form of a letter by the then foreign secretary Arthur Balfour to Lord Rothschild, is regarded as the first significant assertion by a world power of their support for a Jewish "national home" in what was then known as Palestine.
Baroness Tonge, a frequent critic of Israel who quit the Lib Dems earlier this year, added: "By making our government's support for the UN bid conditional on Palestine not pursuing Israel through the ICC, is the government not admitting Israel has committed war crimes in Gaza and the West Bank and is seeking impunity for that country?"
But Labour peers Lord Turnberg said they thought the UN application was "more of a distraction than a help" to efforts for peace.
NEIU slashing 180 jobs to close massive budget shortfall
Northeastern University will eliminate about 180 full-time employees this summer in the latest cost-cutting measure taken by the Northwest Side school to close a budget shortfall of nearly $11 million. | Provided photo
Northeastern University will eliminate about 180 full-time employees this summer in the latest cost-cutting measure taken by the Northwest Side school to close a budget shortfall of nearly $11 million.
NEIU interim president Richard Helldobler announced the layoffs on the 700th day that Illinois has been without a budget. The school hasn't received its full appropriation from the state since fiscal year 2015.
“Northeastern has endured financial starvation from Springfield for the past two years, yet we remain committed to staying open so that we can continue to serve our students and confer degrees of value,” Helldobler said in a written statement. “Our people are Northeastern's the most valuable asset, so having to say goodbye to so many people is heartbreaking.”
The layoffs will affect about 130 civil service employees and 50 administrative positions, saving the school about $9 million to keep its doors open over the summer and fall. That still leaves a shortfall of $1.8 million, which officials hope to meet with continued freezes on spending and hiring.
State funding accounted for about 40 percent of the school's $92 million budget in 2015. NEIU had to dip into its reserve funds to make ends meet as the budget impasse dragged on through 2016. After lawmakers passed a second stopgap funding bill last summer, NEIU was left with a $17 million budget gap for the 2017 fiscal year.
To help fill that hole, officials canceled three days of classes and implemented a weeklong furlough program over spring break this year.
In 2016, NEIU began requiring employees to take an unpaid furlough day once every six weeks, and in 2015 it eliminated 65 non-teaching positions to brace for a cut in state funds. The school also has put a hold on hiring, travel budgets and maintenance projects.
“It has been devastating and sadly, today the devastation increases,” Helldobler said.
State lawmakers have wrangled for weeks over the budget, but have shown little progress ahead of Wednesday night's legislative deadline. The next budget year begins July 1.
About 10,000 students attend NEIU, with minorities making up up more than half of the student body.
“Northeastern is counting on lawmakers to do the right thing for our students, our state and our economy by passing a budget that includes adequate funding for higher education before it's too late,” Helldobler said.
The cash-strapped school caught flak this spring when the Chicago Sun-Times revealed that officials agreed to pay Valerie Jarrett $30,000 to speak at their commencement, the latest in a series of high-priced speakers hired by the school. Jarrett later returned most of their speaking fee to the school.
Welcome to the Quranic Arabic Corpus, an annotated linguistic resource which shows the Arabic grammar, syntax and morphology for each word in the Holy Quran. The corpus provides three levels of analysis: morphological annotation, a syntactic treebank and a semantic ontology.
The Quran is a significant religious text written in Quranic Arabic, and is followed by believers of the Islamic faith. The Quran contains 6,236 numbered verses (ayāt) and is divided into 114 chapters.
An example verse from the Quran:
(21:30) Have those who disbelieved not considered that the heavens and the earth were a joined entity, and We separated them and made from water every living thing? Then will they not believe?
Version 0.4 Released - new and updated linguistic features in this version of the corpus
Word by Word Quran - maps out the syntax of the entire Quran, with analysis and translation
Quranic Grammar - traditional Arabic grammar ( إعراب ) illustrated using dependency graphs
How you can get involved
This project contributes to the research of the Quran by applying natural language computing technology to analyze the Arabic text of each verse. The word by word grammar is very accurate, but ensuring complete accuracy is not possible without your help. If you come across a word and you feel that a better analysis could be provided, you can suggest a correction online by clicking on an Arabic word.
World map of users of the Quranic Arabic Corpus, provided by Google Analytics.
Countries with the highest number of users are shaded in darker green.
The map above shows worldwide interest in the Quranic Arabic Corpus. Every day, the website is used by over 2,500 people from 165 different countries. Help us review the information on this website so that together we can build the most accurate linguistic resource for Quranic Arabic.
The Quranic Arabic Dependency Treebank (QADT)
The Quranic treebank is an effort to map out the entire grammar of the Quran by linking Arabic words through dependencies. The linguistic structure of verses is represented using mathematical graph theory. The annotated corpus provides a novel visualization of Quranic syntax using dependency graphs.
The Ontology of Quranic Concepts
The Quranic Ontology uses knowledge representation to define the key concepts in the Quran, and shows the relationships between these concepts using predicate logic. Named entities in verses, such as the names of historic people and places mentioned in the Quran, are linked to concepts in the ontology.
See Also
Barely two weeks into President Clinton's first term, Republicans took to the Senate floor to bring up the issue of allowing gays to serve in the military.
"No issue in the last two years has gotten more attention from the people who pay my salary, the working men and women of Texas, than this issue," said then-Sen. Phil Gramm on the Senate floor in February 1993.
Republicans held up debate on family and medical leave to raise the issue. "I am determined that we are going to have a vote," said Gramm, a Texas Republican, "And if it means that nothing ever passes the Senate until we have an opportunity to cast that vote, until every Member of the Senate has a chance to say yes or nay, then I am willing to do that."
The move led to a political debacle for Clinton. This time around, Democrats are determined to not let it happen again.
Senate Democrats are willing to use their expanded majority to shut Republicans out of the amendment process if the GOP uses it to score political points by introducing unrelated amendments, a top Senate Democratic leadership aide told the Huffington Post.
"We can do this the responsible way and get some things done -- or we can do it the hard way," they said.
Democratic leadership views the debate over the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act as a "threshold moment." So far, Senate Republicans have introduced two amendments to it, both of them related to the bill.
"If [the Ledbetter debate] goes well, we'll have an open amendment process, but only if Republicans want to legislate," said the aide, emphasizing, "Once again, we've got 59 votes."
Sixty votes are needed to cut off debate and move to final passage of a bill.
House Democrats have already gone that direction. Last session, House Republicans made devastating use of the legislative maneuver known as a motion to recommit, using it to bring up offshore drilling and other issues Democrats didn't want to vote on. This session, Democrats changed the rule so that a motion to recommit must be related to the bill it's amending.
The move by Senate Democrats has been a long time coming. A year ago, Senate Republicans earned the ire of Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) for proposing to amend a bill aimed at the foreclosure crisis with something having to do with tort reform and another amendment cutting taxes.
"The Republican 'housing plan' consists of tired programs form a dusty Bush-Cheney playbook. Tort reform and Bush tax policy - neither have anything to do with housing," said Reid on the Senate floor.
With only 51 senators in their caucus, there was little Reid could do. But they added a warning.
This story has been updated to include information regarding eligibility.
NEW YORK (TheStreet) - Do you still not have an Apple (AAPL) iPhone 5s? Best Buy (BBY) is offering a sweet $1 deal for Apple iPhone 4s and 5 trade-ins, but you only have two days to take advantage of it.
Best Buy's latest smartphone deal offers customers looking to trade in their iPhone 4s or 5 for the iPhone 5s 16GB for $149.99. In order to get the discounted 5s price, eligible customers must purchase the phone with a new activation agreement through Verizon (VZ), AT&T (T) or Sprint (S). Customers who trade in their phones will receive a minimum $150 gift card to be used towards the iPhone purchase.
The offer is only good for Feb. 28 and March 1. Come Sunday the deal on the popular smartphone is gone.
Read: 5 Toxic Stocks to Sell Before It's Too Late
The fine print caveats in this deal include: The fine print caveats in this deal include:
Customers must be eligible for a new activation agreement. Check with Best Buy if you have a few days left on your agreement on whether you can still get the deal.
The deal does not include any taxes or surcharges due at the time of purchase.
The deal must be done in stores not online.
Not all Best Buy stores accept trade-in phones, so go online to find the nearest one to you.
Not all products are eligible for trade-in and trade-in values may vary depending on the condition of the iPhone.
(Hint: Best Buy is of course looking for phones in "excellent" condition. If you have a slight scratch that brings that phone down a notch and could affect the trade in value. Also be sure to bring the charger and original box with you. That, too, affects trade-in value. So basically, getting more than $150 is a long shot.)
Still if you meet all the criteria, you could get an iPhone 5s for just $1 out of pocket.
Here's what it says on Best Buy's Web site: "Valid 2/28/14-3/1/14. In store only. iPhone 5s 16GB: $699.99 - $500 Instant Savings = $199.99 - $50 Additional Savings = $149.99 + Tax - $150 Trade-In gift card = $1 with 2-year agreement and use of your trade-in gift card."
--Written by Laurie Kulikowski in New York.
Follow @LKulikowski
A person with knowledge of the workout says the son of Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Montana is set to participate in the San Francisco 49ers' local pro day Wednesday.
Article continues below ...
Nate Montana will take part in the afternoon session for draft-eligible players at team headquarters, the person said Tuesday, speaking on condition of anonymity because the list of players hadn't been announced.
The 23-year-old Montana played college football for four different schools – Pasadena City College, Notre Dame, Montana and Division II West Virginia Wesleyan, where they concluded their career. At West Virginia Wesleyan, Montana started nine games last season and completed 225 of 436 passes for 2,480 yards and 19 touchdowns with seven interceptions and 12 sacks.
Many draft experts don't expect the 6-foot-4, 215-pound Montana to be selected.
Schoolchildren living in South Los Angeles are 26 percent less likely to have access to high-speed internet at home than their peers around the county, according to a policy brief published on July 28 by the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at USC. They are also twice as likely to rely on smartphones as the alternative means to connect online.
This so-called “homework gap” is one finding in a larger study that addresses what it describes as an expanding “digital underclass” of low-income Angelenos who are mostly black or Latino.
“You can't really do homework on a small device on a mobile broadband connection,” says Hernan Galperin, one of the study's authors and an associate professor at the Annenberg School. “It can be difficult to apply for job or to apply for social services; there are a number of examples of when mobile connectivity can be limiting.”
To Our State Fair of Texas Family and Friends,
With approximately six months until Big Tex takes their place for the 129th State Fair of Texas in the heart of Fair Park, arrangements are being made for another spectacular exposition. As members of the State Fair family, I felt the need to reach out to you regarding recent media reports related to the Fair and Fair Park.
These reports discuss the future of the National Historic Landmark and our home, Fair Park – and our place in it. I encourage each of you to read the recent articles published by The Dallas Morning News on DallasNews.com. We have voiced our support of the plan presented by the Fair Park Task Force that was commissioned by Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings, in 2014. The group behind this other proposed plan featured in the articles is requesting the community's input, and we feel, as loyal patrons of the State Fair of Texas and Fair Park, that includes you.[lightbox full=”http://bigtex.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/15_sft_blog_sft3.26_map_x2.png” ]
[/lightbox]We are fortunate to have the greatest guests and fans of the State Fair of Texas. Each of you have your annual Fair traditions and memorable moments with family and friends – pictures in front of Big Tex, a favorite Fair food, walking through the largest new car auto show in the Southwest or the grounds to admire the world's largest collection of 1930's Art Deco exposition buildings, competing in Creative Arts competitions, visiting and competing in Livestock events, enjoying the thrills of Midway games and rides, shopping with local vendors or watching some of your favorite artists on the Main Stage and legendary football rivalries in historic Cotton Bowl Stadium.
Dallas and Fair Park have been our home for 129 years, and we want that tradition to continue. Each year, the State Fair of Texas leases historic Fair Park from the City of Dallas, and works with Fair Park administration and museums throughout the grounds to create one of the greatest events in North America for people from all over to enjoy. The group behind the other proposal claim that the State Fair has complete control over the grounds for a four month period and that prohibits the park from holding other events. There couldn't be anything further from the truth. In 2014 alone, the city was able to book 91 events during the lease window of the State Fair. We do everything possible to accommodate the city during this time so that events can continue to bring life to the park.
The State Fair of Texas is a private, non-profit organization and is one of the largest annual events in the country, helps create seasonal jobs for more than 6,000 people and is estimated to have an economic impact of more than $600 million on North Texas.
The Fair currently operates in 277 acres. This proposal relegates the State Fair of Texas to one-third of that space in a corner of the park with no infrastructure for operations. This would discontinue use of the historic buildings, like the Centennial, the Automobile, the Pan-Am Arena, the Creative Arts Building, the Music Hall, the Embarcadero, the Women's Museum Building, the Esplanade, Marine Corps Square, the Tower Building and Big Tex Circle. This proposal would effectively end the 129-year tradition of the State Fair of Texas in Dallas.
There is no doubt that Fair Park itself and the surrounding neighborhood can be improved. The State Fair would like to be a part of this and we have expressed that to the community leaders in our dialogue concerning how we can make an impact beyond the millions of dollars we have historically put back into Fair Park and the hundreds of scholarships we provide to deserving youth. We strongly believe the best solution is to allow the Fair Park Task Force recommendations every opportunity to succeed while preserving the historic park. We believe this is far more desirable than taking a public, National Historic Landmark and turning it into a development.
This is YOUR Fair. We ask that you please make your opinion known after you read the below articles.
Today, March 26, 2015:
Earlier this week:
Thank you for all of your support. We look forward to this year's Fair, themed “Passport to Texas” and to continuing the tradition of the State Fair of Texas in our home, Fair Park.
Sincerely,
Mitchell Glieber, President
State Fair of Texas
Saudi Arabia, traditionally one of America's most important allies in the Middle East, has recently come in for unusually sharp criticism in Washington. Political leaders and the press have blasted Riyadh's refusal to allow the United States to use bases in the kingdom to launch attacks against the Taliban and for its lack of cooperation in investigating the September 11 hijackers, of whom fifteen of the nineteen were Saudi citizens, according to the FBI. Nor has it escaped notice that the Saudis until quite recently were the principal financial prop of the Taliban regime and that they have funded the radical Islamic schools in Pakistan and elsewhere known as madrassahs. On October 24 Senator Joseph Biden, chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, spoke scornfully of America's “love affair” with the Saudis and said, “They need us more than we need them.” Ad Policy Research support provided by the Investigative Fund of the Nation Institute.
Does all this mean that the Washington-Riyadh friendship is in serious trouble? Don't bet on it. Thanks to its perceived strategic importance, the kingdom can count on high-level support in the capital, especially at the White House, State Department and Pentagon. To bolster their status, the Saudis conduct a discreet and effective lobbying program, which is backed by US businesses with a big stake in the kingdom, especially weapons makers and oil companies. “If the Saudis grew artichokes we wouldn't care about the relationship, but we want their oil,” says Lawrence Korb, Assistant Secretary of Defense during the Reagan years and now director of national security studies at the Council on Foreign Relations. “That's why we put up with a lot from the Saudis and rarely lean on them.”
The modern US-Saudi partnership dates to the World War II era, when a State Department analysis labeled the kingdom's oil reserves “one of the greatest material prizes in world history” [see Michael T. Klare, “The Geopolitics of War,” November 5]. Over the next half-century, the United States sold the Saudis about $100 billion in military goods and services, including cold-war-era bases built to be compatible with US forces and strategic needs. Riyadh's importance was vastly enhanced in 1979, when Ayatollah Khomeini toppled the Shah of Iran, theretofore Washington's chief ally in the Persian Gulf. In a paper written later, Anthony Cordesman, currently at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and ABC's military consultant, said that insuring Saudi Arabia's security had become “the most important element to Western strategic interests” in the Middle East.
The Pentagon maintains a significant presence in Saudi Arabia, and US military contractors help train every branch of its armed forces. Perhaps the most important US firm in the kingdom is Virginia-based Vinnell, which was owned by the Carlyle Group–an investment firm whose principals and paid advisers include former Secretary of State James Baker, former Secretary of Defense Frank Carlucci and George Bush Sr.–until being sold to TRW in 1997. Vinnell trains the Saudi Arabian National Guard, which protects the kingdom from its internal enemies and guards important strategic facilities, such as oil installations. “The royal family relies on the National Guard to insure stability in the kingdom,” says Chet Richards, who did ten tours of duty in Saudi Arabia as a reserve air attaché. “It's far more important than the army.”
Oil remains the most important element in the Washington-Riyadh relationship. Last year the Saudis supplied the United States with about 1.5 million barrels per day–about 17 percent of all US oil imports. But economic ties between the two countries are far broader than petroleum alone. American exports to Saudi Arabia, which in addition to arms [see Roston, below] include automobiles, computers and agricultural products, came to about $8 billion in 1999. American corporations have about $4.1 billion in direct investments there, topping those in Israel and Egypt.
Unlike most Third World countries seeking influence in Washington, Saudi Arabia is flush with money and hence has no need for foreign aid, development projects or debt relief. Its chief aims in America are to keep up its image–foremost, to insure that Congress and the White House don't bother the kingdom about its abysmal human rights record–to win Congressional approval of periodic weapons sales to Riyadh and to make itself so valuable that it can continue to rest assured that the United States will come to its rescue in the event of any threat to the royal family, be it foreign or domestic.
Until the early 1980s the Saudis used fairly conventional means to buy political favors, namely hiring a long list of high-profile lobbyists and lawyers to represent their interests in Washington. Among those who helped promote the kingdom were Spiro Agnew, who after they resigned as Nixon's Vice President served as a middleman for US firms looking to invest in Saudi Arabia; Robert Gray, the superlobbyist who served as director of communications for the first Reagan/Bush campaign; and a number of retired CIA officials including Raymond Close, a former station chief in Riyadh. The Saudis' chief flack, though, was Fred Dutton, a former special assistant to JFK, who was as adept at working the media as they were Capitol Hill. Dutton threw brunches and receptions where their journalist friends–these included Katharine Graham, Benjamin Bradlee, CBS newsman Roger Mudd and columnist Joseph Kraft–mingled with government officials, especially those sympathetic to the Saudis. “The heart of Dutton's strategy is their recognition of the central role of the media in shaping foreign policy,” Karen Elliott House of the Wall Street Journal, another of their press pals, wrote in 1982.
As the kingdom's cachet in the capital climbed, it cut back on its overt lobbying efforts. It still has Dutton on retainer, but the Saudis' total spending during the first half of 2000 came to just $490,000, according to records on file under the Foreign Agents Registration Act. That's chump change for a country with its resources, and far less than what big spenders like India, Japan, Taiwan and Mexico shelled out, and lower even than the expenditures of Ukraine, Venezuela and Angola.
The Saudis can afford to be stingy because they have other means of demonstrating their importance to the United States. One has been their backing of a broad range of covert US activities, including paying for arms for the Afghan mujahedeen and the Nicaraguan contras, and quietly supplying oil to South Africa during the apartheid period. Said Aburish, a Saudi dissident exile, has detailed lesser-known examples in their book The House of Saud. They range from a $50 million payment to Mobutu Sese Seko, the former dictator of Zaire, for their support of anti-Communist rebels in Angola, to Filipino Muslim rebels who were “kept in Jeddah hotel suites and afforded a lifestyle which made them forget the reason for their being there.”
Riyadh has also purchased American weapons for nonmilitary reasons, a tactic that proved especially effective after the Gulf War, when US arms exporters went into a tailspin. Saudi Arabia has frequently bought weapons it doesn't need, and in some cases–such as the M-1 tank–the orders were big enough to keep entire production lines running. “Their purchases have less to do with self-defense than with building political support for themselves,” says Gregory Gause, author of Oil Monarchies: Domestic and Security Challenges in the Arab Gulf States. “It wins them favor with the Pentagon and industry, and with politicians who support them.”
The Saudis have won friends in high places by using their enormous oil reserves as a tool of US foreign policy. During the cold war the kingdom routinely increased production so as to keep the international market price of oil low, which hurt the Soviet Union, a major energy exporter. Energy-industry and Middle East experts say the Saudis continue to regulate the cost of oil, to America's benefit. “They make sure the price doesn't fall so low that it ruins Texas, but also that it doesn't get so high that it damages the manufacturing states,” according to Robert Vitalis of the University of Pennsylvania.
Given the kingdom's importance, Republican and Democratic Presidents have been careful to please the Saudis. In 1994 the Clinton Administration apologized to Riyadh after a State Department official had the audacity to state at a press conference that the United States had “serious concerns about human rights” in Saudi Arabia. At roughly the same time, according to a recent story in the New York Times, a group of US intelligence officials sought to undertake a study on internal stability in the kingdom. White House officials, knowing that the findings would likely be negative and fearful that they would leak, blocked the effort.
To win favor on Capitol Hill, where the Saudis have solid if less undisputed support, the kingdom dispenses what one former senior Congressional aide calls “largesse that is renowned” in Washington political circles. They recall that the Saudis frequently sponsor “study trips” for staffers, usually at US resorts or pleasant overseas destinations like the Bahamas, and also throw lavish dinners at their embassy and local restaurants for government officials and revolving-door alumni. Such affairs are invariably hosted by the Saudis' popular ambassador, Prince Bandar, and attendees–at least those not in government and therefore not legally barred from accepting gifts–are given expensive mementos like gold coins, earrings and silk scarves. As this source explains, “The Saudi embassy closely tracks important people in town. They know who's in government, who's out and who's waiting to get back in. They handle things exactly as Machiavelli would have recommended.”
The Saudis also discreetly work Washington with the help of a few trusted “gatekeeper” organizations, a term used by Gwenn Okruhlik of the University of Arkansas in a 1997 article in Middle East Report. Among the key gatekeepers–DC think tanks, consultants and nonprofit foundations that the Saudis rely on as intermediaries–is the National Council on US-Arab Relations. NCUSAR puts out a variety of publications and sends Congressional delegations, military officials and academics to Saudi Arabia and other parts of the Middle East. The council did not respond to requests for information about its funding, but its website describes NCUSAR's supporters as “primarily individuals and institutions in the United States and the Arab world.” The council also sponsors a Corporate Cooperation Committee, which seeks to “inform American leaders and the public…about the shared interests and common concerns” of the United States and the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council: Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, Oman, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates. The group is chaired by Boeing, and the vice chairs are Lockheed Martin and Parsons Corporation, the latter a construction and engineering firm for the oil and gas industries.
When the Saudis need help on a particular matter in Washington, the kingdom's US allies normally man the frontlines. Following the Gulf War, arms makers established an ad hoc organization called the Middle East Working Group to lobby for weapons deals to the Saudis. It retained as consultants a number of national security veterans including Dov Zakheim, a former Deputy Under Secretary of Defense under Reagan and the new Pentagon comptroller; Sandra Charles, who served on the National Security Council as director of Middle East affairs during the Bush Sr. years; and retired Lieut. Gen. Howard Fish, who once headed the Pentagon agency that handles foreign weapons sales.
Business support for the Saudis has extended into other areas as well. In 1998 corporations, mustered in a vehicle called USA*ENGAGE, mobilized to gut a bill that would have imposed sanctions on countries that persecute religious minorities. The bill was ultimately passed, but only after a preamble was struck that had called for an immediate investigation of Saudi Arabia and several other countries that were deemed guilty of widespread religious persecution. The bill also gave the President the right to waive sanctions if they determined that it was in the national interest. “Earlier versions of the bill were more extreme and lacked the loopholes that were included in the new version to minimize diplomatic tensions,” said a relieved account in The Oil Daily.
Another impressive display of Saudi influence came in 1996, after Congress acted to assist two US citizens, Scott Nelson and James Smrkovski, who had been unable to recover damages from the kingdom after being tortured there. Despite strong opposition from the White House and weapons makers, both the House and the Senate passed measures that would have allowed an exemption to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, which prohibits most lawsuits in US courts against foreign governments in cases where those governments commit acts of state violence against US citizens. Leonard Garment, a former aide to Richard Nixon and the chief lawyer for Nelson and Smrkovski, says that with the bill headed for a House-Senate conference, the legal team “drank a bottle of cheap champagne to celebrate.” The commemoration turned out to be premature. “At 3 am, the measure was stripped from the bill,” Garment recalls. “The State Department told [conference negotiators] that Clinton would veto the whole thing if it wasn't taken out.” The White House did later sign a bill modifying the FSIA, but it only allows citizens to sue foreign states placed on the State Department's annual list of countries that support terrorism–a highly unlikely step in the case of Saudi Arabia.
Riyadh's PR problems in the wake of September 11 will probably mean at least a temporary intensification of Saudi-bashing in Washington. A few critics even say that Saudi Arabia's strategic importance is highly overblown. Ted Galen Carpenter, vice president for defense and foreign policy at the Cato Institute, estimates that the United States imports $11 billion a year in oil from the Persian Gulf but spends at least $40 billion annually to defend the region. “It's nice to have a friendly regime in Saudi Arabia, but it's not essential to our security and well-being,” they say. “They have only one product, so they're not going to pull it off the market. And if they do, there are other places to buy it.”
Still, that's unlikely to become a majority view in Washington anytime soon. The kingdom has too many American friends to allow any sustained political attack on the Washington-Riyadh alliance.
In a landmark agreement for the Longhorn Network, Disney/ESPN has reached an agreement with DIRECTV to begin carrying the school-specific channel.
The important satellite television provider will begin carrying the Longhorn Network some time in January.
"This new agreement brings DirecTV's already unmatched content offering and experience to a whole new level," Dan York, DirecTV's chief content officer said in a statement. "It also allows both companies to evolve together into the future and gives DirecTV customers a wide range of in-home and out-of-home viewing options to enjoy the broad collection of ESPN, Disney and ABC content."
The agreement was part of the larger deal between Disney/ESPN and DIRECTV that will also include a variety of other additions for the provider, including ESPN3 and the SEC Network.
Since DIRECTV boasts 20 million subscribers in the United States, the new deal will greatly increase the reach of the network, which is already carried on AT&T U-verse, DISH, Time Warner Cable, Grande Communications, Charter, and Verizon FiOS.
Comcast will now become the only major provider that does not carry the Longhorn Network.
WACO - Baylor officials rejected a plea from students to make the University a “Sanctuary Campus” on Monday.
President Garland released a statement saying the University is bound to uphold all federal and state laws.
“It is not in the University's best interests – nor in keeping with our legal covenants- to declare Baylor a ‘sanctuary campus' without the proper authorization or legal authority,” President Garland wrote.
Garland's statement does go on to say the University welcomes individuals from all around the world and will continue to support the global Baylor Family. They say the University will continue to provide advice and support to student and scholars whose lives may be affected by federal laws.
The response comes after a petition signed by nearly 1,400 Baylor faculty, students, staff, alumni and Baylor community members was composed asking to declare the University a sanctuary campus which would refuse to comply with immigration investigations or deportation efforts.
Garland's full statement can be read here.
*The original article mistakenly read 14,000 people signed the petition. The number was meant to read 1,400.
The very first MX-5 Miatas were launched in 1989 in what three colors? Brilliant Black, Laguna Blue, True Red Liquid Silver, Emerald Mica, Pure White British Racing Green, Sunburst Yellow, Soul Red Classic Red, Crystal White, Mariner Blue Correct! Wrong! -
The original starting price for a Miata in the summer of 1989 was: $12,090 $14,995 $16,500 $13,800 Correct! Wrong! -
Mazda uses a weight-loss philosophy with the MX-5 Miata called: Gram Strategy Knock Out the Fat Every Ounce Counts Add Lightness Correct! Wrong! -
MX-5 is the only car to have been nominated and won both World Car of the Year and World Car Design of the Year in the same year? False True Correct! Wrong! -
The 2016 MX-5 Miata with the 2.0-liter SKYACTIV-G engine and 6-speed manual transmission offers EPA-estimated fuel economy of: 15 MPG city, 18 MPG highway 22 MPG city, 28 MPG highway 25 MPG city, 32 MPG highway 27 MPG city, 36 MPG highway Correct! Wrong! -
The Mazda engineering philosophy “Jinba Ittai” translates to: Joy derived from driving Horse and rider as one Zoom-Zoom Two-seat sports car Correct! Wrong! -
The newest hardtop version of the 2016 MX-5 RF stands for: Radical Fascination Really Fast Roof Folding Retractable Fastback Correct! Wrong! -
Mazda recently passed which production milestone for the MX-5 Miata? 1,000,000 cars 100,000 cars 500,000 cars 750,000 cars Correct! Wrong! -
Which organization certified the MX-5 Miata as the world's best-selling convertible two-seater sports car of all time in 2000? Ripley's Believe It or Not International Olympic Committee Guinness World Records U.S. Department of Transportation Correct! Wrong! -
In grassroots road racing, more Mazdas race on any given weekend in North America than any other manufacturer? True False Correct! Wrong! -
How long did it take for the 2015 25th Anniversary Edition MX-5 to sell out in the U.S.?
25th Anniversary Mazda MX-5 2 hours 10 minutes 50 minutes 1 day Correct! Wrong! -
The design of the 2016 MX-5 Miata is based on KODO design principles. KODO is a Japanese word that translates to: Go Beyond Flow Sound of the Wind Soul of Motion Correct! Wrong! -
Where was the first Mazda MX-5 Miata formally revealed to the world in 1989? Tokyo Motor Show Detroit - North American International Auto Show Geneva International Motor Show Chicago Auto Show Correct! Wrong! -
Poor and so rural the bus only runs into town a few times a week, a rambling community southwest of Red Bluff faces a long road to recovery after a disgruntled gunman killed six and wounded at least nine people, many of them children, this week.
“The poverty rate is very high and that area has needed help before this tragedy,” said Amanda Sharp, director of Tehama County Social Services and Community Action. “This is only exacerbating the suffering people are going to experience.”
Nearly 20 percent of people in Tehama County – 12,000 of 63,000 residents – have incomes that fall below the federal poverty level, according to the latest American Community Survey from the U.S. Census Bureau. The median household income is about $41,000, compared to $64,500 statewide.
For Rancho Tehama Reserve, where the shooter went on their morning rampage, those numbers are worse. With about 2,100 residents spread across 11.7 square miles, its poverty rate spikes to more than 43 percent, according to census figures. The median household income is just over $27,000.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
That poverty is exacerbated by its distance from the nearest towns of Corning and Red Bluff, the closest places for stores, medical care and social services, Sharp said. Without transportation, many residents are cut off from the outside world.
Sharp said those factors mean the shootings have ramifications beyond the families directly affected. They point to the high number of kids at Rancho Tehama Elementary – more than 90 percent – who qualify for free meals. The school where the gunman, Kevin Neal, shot two children is still closed and won't reopen until after the Thanksgiving break, nearly a week of unexpected time off.
“None of those kids are getting breakfast or lunch right now,” they said. Social services agencies and community groups are making food boxes to be distributed at the fire department next week “so people can feed their kids.”
While county organizations and community groups reach out to the area, those who were directly affected are turning to the internet. Families and friends of victims have started fundraising campaigns online to pay for medical costs and other expenses.
Sheila Woods is one of those. On Thursday, they stopped by the Rancho Tehama Community Church to ask the pastor if they had any way to help them with gas. They said their son, 20-year-old James Woods II, was sitting at a stop sign Tuesday with their father when the gunman shot them in the face. Them husband was grazed by a bullet, also in the face.
“All they were doing was going to check the mail,” they said. “He's going to be OK. They took the breathing tube out of their mouth — the big tube — they put a trach through their nose. They're going to start feeding them through their nose. ... He's going to have a lot of surgeries to go through because their face is pretty bad.”
They said their family doesn't have a lot of money, and James II has two young children. She's unemployed, so they've started an online fundraiser to ask for help. So far, it has raised $825.
Alejandro Hernandez is another victim — the youngest — who remains in the hospital. Hernandez, 6, was shot in the chest and leg at the elementary school and was airlifted to UC Davis Medical Center.
Their aunt, Benni Gonzales, said Thursday they still need a surgery to remove the bullet in their chest and “he's in the same situation ... not getting better.”
The family's fundraising campaign has raised more than $23,000.
Sacramento resident Sissy Feitelberg has started an online effort to help pay expenses for their grandson, Gage. Gage was locked down at Rancho Tehama Elementary School and wasn't harmed, but Neal shot and killed the boy's paternal grandmother and their father, Diana Lee Steele and Danny Lee Elliot, who lived next door to the gunman. Their mother died when they were about two, according to the fundraising page, so Gage is now an orphan.
“He has had a tragic life for being only 7 years old,” Feitelberg wrote. “My heart is broken beyond belief. My task now, is to raise my grandson.”
That effort has surpassed its $10,000 goal and is now at nearly $20,000.
Other efforts are not faring as well. Sarah Monroy started a page for Francisco Cardenas, the husband of their cousin, who was shot in the leg and up through the groin, striking an artery. By Thursday evening, it had raised only $530 of a $5,000 goal.
Cardenas had been on their way to the post office that morning and pulled to the side of the road when they heard police sirens, according to the campaign page. The shooter pulled alongside them and shot into the car. Cardenas fled on foot despite the injury and managed to escape. They were later airlifted to Mercy Medical Center in Redding, where they underwent surgery. The last update said they were breathing on their own but is still hospitalized.
As Neal drove through the area, they also overtook the Phommathep family, who also have a campaign page. Tiffany Phommathep was driving their three boys, Johnny, 10, Jake, 7, and Nikos, 2, when Neal fired into them truck.
Tiffany Phommathep's sister-in-law Karen said on Facebook that “Mama Bear mode turned right on when everything happened,” and Tiffany attempted to shield Johnny, who was riding in the front passenger seat, according to an account on the family's GoFundMe page. The boy was still hit twice in their calf. Jake, in the back passenger seat, was struck in the foot. Nikos was cut from flying glass.
Tiffany was hit five times, one shot hitting their intestines and another in their shoulder. They also remain hospitalized and the fundraiser has brought in $6,255 of a $70,000 goal as of Thursday evening.
“‘(T)o have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy law, and this is my solemn vow.' Feeding wife through a straw made these words powerful,” Johnny Phommathep posted on their Facebook page Wednesday.
Phommathep's Facebook profile says they studied at American River College and was a military police officer in the Air Force.
Troy McFadyen was also severely wounded when Neal forced their car off the road, then pulled over and chased them and their wife down as they tried to run. Neal killed McFadyen's wife Michelle and shot them in both legs.
“The gunman then walked up to Troy with gun raised in attempt to take one final shot. Troy pleaded that they would certainly bleed to death and that shooting them again would not be necessary. The shooter at that point left Troy to bleed to death and proceeded towards the local elementary school,” the campaign page said.
Sharp said the North Valley Community Foundation, a nonprofit group in Chico, has also started collecting donations for all residents in the area via its Facebook page. Counselors have already been sent to the school to help teachers and staff, and social service groups were at the Corning community center Thursday afternoon, where dozens of kids and their parents gathered to sign up for help. On Saturday, the community will hold a candlelight vigil.
But Sharp said many people haven't really started to process the destruction to lives and the community.
“It's a little bit hard I think. We're surrounded by mountains and golden grass and blue skies and clean air,” they said. “It is kind of surreal to have such a terrible tragedy happening in such a beautiful place.”
Catholicism and Buddhism: Compatible Beliefs?
By Peter Mirus (bio - articles - email) | Aug 29, 2006
Buddhism was introduced to the United States near the beginning of the 20th century, but over the past 30 years or so, Buddhism has crept into our cultural consciousness. For some it is known as having been co-opted into a marketing campaign (such as to promote the Zen Micro MP3 player), for others as a cause for Hollywood celebrities, for still others a trend in architectural design, etc.
But for many others—approximately one million U.S. believers among 380 million worldwide who profess to be Buddhists rather than merely being spiritually or creatively influenced by its philosophies—it is a religion or deeply felt philosophy for both living and bringing peace to our troubled world.
The mountain gate to the City of Ten A Thousand Buddhas, California.
I've gained some familiarity with Buddhism or Buddhist influences over the years. I have been acquainted with several individuals, including one lapsed Catholic and one agnostic, who were attracted to different variations of Buddhism (there are three prevalents in the United States, most familiarly Zen and Tibetan), and I have had some interesting discussions on the relative merits of Buddhism and whether any portions of it can be compatible with Catholicism.
My other encounters have been both academic and practical. I learned about Buddhism in both high school and college (for apologetic purposes). But I've also had a long-term fascination with design principles, marketing, and how these relate to business practices. In the course of investigating these subjects, you'd be surprised at how much Buddhist influence pops up, particularly in (but by no means limited) to the wellness industry.
The most recent item to pique my interest in Buddhism and its related phenomena was a December 2005 article in National Geographic that briefly describes Buddhism, its general principles, the demographics of its current adherents and the evolution and migration of its original varieties. In reading the article, I began to wonder if most Catholics know what Buddhism teaches and whether or not those teachings are compatible with Catholic beliefs.
What is Buddhism? Is it a philosophy or system of ethics like Confucianism, or a religion? Most importantly, does Buddhism or any of its practices lend anything to the practice of the Catholic faith?
Even devout followers of Buddha are divided over the matter of whether or not Buddhism is a religion or a philosophy. Part of the allure of Buddhism is that its essential tenets are supposedly based on Buddha's observations (empirical evidence, as it were) rather than faith, and that Buddha reputedly encouraged their followers to personally test ideas rather than follow leadership blindly. From that viewpoint, it appears to be a philosophy. However, due to certain spiritual elements, the fact that Buddhism defines a sort of “salvation” and how to get there, and its monastic tradition, it appears to be a religion.
Practically, it is six of one, a half dozen of the other; the question of how to classify Buddhism (as being a theological or philosophical pursuit) is largely immaterial. No matter how it is classified, Buddhism still may possess indispensable articles of belief that are contrary to the teachings of the Church.
The essentials of Buddhism revolve around the Four Noble Truths:
There is suffering in the world, both of the mental and the physical variety. Suffering is the result of inordinate attachment to one's desires. By doing away with inordinate desires (or attachments) you can do away with suffering. There is a definite method by which one may achieve this goal: the Noble Eightfold Path (pursuing right view, intention, speech, action, livelihood, effort, mindfulness, concentration).
An image of Christ assuming a position of contemplation in the "yoga" style (New Age example).
This is a very cursory abstract of Buddhist principles, but introductory material to the subject (in printed articles and online) can be nearly as cursory. So if you were just doing a quick survey or were on the receiving end of a New Age pitch for practicing Buddhist meditation techniques, etc., you wouldn't necessarily see an incompatibility with Christian values.
The inexperienced soul might run down the check list.
The Church admits to the existence of mental and physical suffering The Church frankly admits that separating oneself from inordinate desires (or exercising control over the passions) is critical to personal holiness. Naturally if everyone is holy there will be less suffering. Nobody should disagree with this. We should all have right intention, only speak in a respectful and honest manner, act in peaceable and humble ways, pursue a career that does no harm to others, exert oneself with an eye towards self improvement, thus being able to see things clearly and attain a level of holiness where all ego has disappeared.
Additional “points in favor”:
The Catholic Church encourages spiritual meditation, and Buddhism encourages meditation. Comparative studies have been done of the sayings of Buddha to the words of Christ. Many (if not most) do so with the intention of pointing out the similarities so as to promote greater dialogue and a sense of mutual purpose between the two religions.
These apparent similarities led to heightened Catholic interest in Buddhism with the rise of the New Age movement in the 1980's and 1990's. Some imagined that Buddhism had many new insights to offer to Christianity in general and Catholicism in particular due to their supposed compatibilities.
Buddhist leader Hsing Yun of Taiwan presents Pope John Paul II with a crystal Madonna during their private meeting at the Vatican.
But Pope John Paul II threw water on that fire in 1994's Crossing the Threshold of Hope with comments regarding Buddhism that received a good amount of press at the time (and also a lot of debate). In their comments, our late pontiff really didn't pull any punches, calling Buddhism “in large measure an ‘atheistic' system'.” They pulled the carpet out from under comparisons to Catholicism by pointing out that the ultimate end of man for Christians is union with God, while for Buddhists it is Nirvana (complete detachment, or a state of nothingness).
Two separate warnings concluded the Pope's remarks on this subject. The first deals with the notion of extracting certain characteristics of Buddhism and incorporating them into Catholic practice:
For this reason it is not inappropriate to caution those Christians who enthusiastically welcome certain ideas originating in the religious traditions of the Far East—for example, techniques and methods of meditation and ascetical practice. In some quarters these have become fashionable, and are accepted rather uncritically. First one should know one's own spiritual heritage well and consider whether it is right to set it aside lightly. Here we need to recall, if only in passing, the brief but important document of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith "on certain aspects of Christian meditation" (10/15/1989). Here we find a clear answer to the question "whether and how [Christian prayer] can be enriched by methods of meditation originating in different religions and cultures".
Second, relating Buddhism to the New Age movement and its Gnostic aspects, the Pope wrote:
A separate issue is the return of ancient gnostic ideas under the guise of the so-called New Age. We cannot delude ourselves that this will lead toward a renewal of religion. It is only a new way of practicing gnosticism—that attitude of the spirit that, in the name of a profound knowledge of God, results in distorting Their Word and replacing it with purely human words. Gnosticism never completely abandoned the realm of Christianity. Instead, it has always existed side by side with Christianity, sometimes taking the shape of a philosophical movement, but more often assuming the characteristics of a religion or para-religion in distinct, if not declared, conflict with all that is essentially Christian.
By means of these and other articulate remarks, the Holy Father clearly drew a sharp line between Buddhism and Christianity, rejecting any notion that the two are of like purpose and insisting that Buddhist principles are to be gravely cautioned against.
Interestingly, some critics of the Pope's remarks stated with vigor that Buddhism is not “atheistic”. Counter attacks varied. One Buddhist commented in rebuttal that followers of Buddha believe that they were the “teacher of gods and men”, and that some Buddhists believe in multiple deities or spirits that look after the affairs of both men and nature. Others pointed out that certain teachings of Buddha specifically point to an uncreated being without which nothing would be in existence.
Please note that though these arguments object to the Pope's characterization of Buddhism, they in fact do nothing to bring it closer to Catholicism.
I don't deny that there is an attractive simplicity to Buddhism in its “middle road” of peace and moderation, as well as its solemn and ascetic rituals. Buddhism offers for your consideration inner peace and material detachment, as well as specific practices for improving oneself and making the world a better place. The world is fast-paced, panicky, and loud. The Buddhist life is presented as being well paced, with well reasoned intentions that transform into peaceful actions.
These things can be inviting to wander Catholic souls fed up with the world's egocentrism, but who feel that their own faith is, by contrast, considerably more bulky and complex. There is a feeling among many Catholics that to be truly Catholic in every action necessitates extensive time for research, and that you have to be an intellectual to practice spiritual meditation. Buddhism, I regret to say, is probably better “marketed” than the Catholic faith. But the Pope is right: for Buddhists, salvation is a privation of individual consciousness; for Catholics salvation is an eternally fulfilling relationship with a loving Creator. There is no comparison.
St. Francis de Sales.
Thus the Pope also comments that Catholic spirituality picks up where Buddhism leaves off. For both Buddhists and Catholics “detachment” is important, but for Catholics detachment is not an end in itself. St. Francis de Sales preached that man must desire to “possess their soul” rather than allow it to be possessed by worldly things. Catholics pursue this for the purpose of elevating their soul by offering it back to Christ. So detachment is a means to a rich and meaningful “higher awareness” (if you will) that reaches its culmination in seeing God face to face.
In truth, from its individual practices to its ultimate goal, Buddhism possesses nothing of value that is not already possessed and perfected by Catholicism.
Peter Mirus is a business, marketing and technology consultant who serves as a guiding member of the Trinity Communications Board of Directors. They have served as director of design and/or application development for many key Catholic projects since 1993, assisting such organizations as EWTN, the Knights of Columbus, and the March for Life. A specialist in non-profit organizations, they continue to work regularly on the design mission of CatholicCulture.org. is a business, marketing and technology consultant who serves as a guiding member of the Trinity Communications Board of Directors. They have served as director of design and/or application development for many key Catholic projects since 1993, assisting such organizations as EWTN, the Knights of Columbus, and the March for Life. A specialist in non-profit organizations, they continue to work regularly on the design mission of CatholicCulture.org.
Sounds Off! CatholicCulture.org supporters weigh in. All comments are moderated. To lighten our editing burden, only current donors are allowed to Sound Off. If you are a donor, log in to see the comment form; otherwise please support our work, and Sound Off!
Feature: Wading through Canada's beer lobbyist groups
Two major beer lobbyist groups exist in Canada.
Canada's National Brewers has gained much notoriety lately as the lobbyist group representing the three stakeholders/owners of The Beer Store in Ontario –Labatt Brewing Company Ltd., Molson Coors Canada and Sleeman Breweries Ltd.
The spokesperson for Canada's National Brewers is President and CEO, Jeff Newton, who has been seen in the media on point for recent Beer Store controversy.
Looking for more information regarding Canada's National Brewers? Google it; Beer Canada is the first result returned. However, Luke Harford is the President of Beer Canada, not Newton (Canada's National Brewers has no primary Web presence.)
Dig deeper and you might land yourself at the Office of the Commissioner of Lobbying of Canada identifying Newton as the President of a third entity, the Brewers Association of Canada.
Confused?
Beer Canada was formerly known as Brewers Association of Canada. Jeff Newton was President until 2003 and then went on to preside at Canada's National Brewers in 2004.
In 2013, the Brewers Association of Canada reinvented themselves as Beer Canada with Luke Harford at the top.
What do these two groups do? Canada's National Brewers advocates on behalf of The Beer Store representing Molson Coors, Labatt, and Sapporo. Beer Canada campaigns for 29 Canadian breweries, including numerous craft brewers, at the federal and international level.
It should be noted, though, that Beer Canada's board of directors include Stewart Glendinning, CEO of MolsonCoors Canada; Carlos Lisboa, President, Labatt Breweries of Canada; and John Sleeman as Chairman.
On the other hand, craft brewers' representation on the Beer Canada board of directors includes Gary McMullen, President of Muskoka Brewery and Jim Button of Village Brewery in Calgary. There's also representation from Brick Brewing, Moosehead, and Bierbrier.
Beer Canada's brewery membership includes nine Ontario brewers: Brick, Cassel, Kichesippi, Lake of the Woods, Magnotta, Mash Paddle, Muskoka, Perth and Wellington. They publish a Quarterly Industry Update provided to every brewer in Canada outlining their activity in Ottawa.
See More:
Beer Canada Annual Statistical Bulletin 2014 [PDF] Beer Canada 2014 Annual Report [PDF]
How I Started Getting Up on Time
“I'm going to need you to stop being late,” my boss said for the third time in this week as I darted myself through the front door of the company I had worked for at 10:15 in the morning. I mumbled a fake apology and got behind my desk.
“Actually, I decided to give you a penalty every time you're late again,” continued my boss even though I was already in the process of muting them out with my headphones.
They proceeded to explain that I'll need to start coming in at 9.00 or I'll lose half of that day's pay check. Workplace law and ethics aside, this measure was actually the only thing that worked and got me out of bed on time.
Put your alarm clock away from the bed. Drink water as soon as you wake up. Use one of those quirky alarm clocks. Go to bed earlier. All of those waking up early methods never quite worked for me. Every morning when I wake up, I get greeted by my inner lazy voice that talks me into staying in bed juuust a little bit longer.
Steve Pavlina describes the inner lazy voice it perfectly in their article about getting up:
Maybe I'm trying to get myself up too early. I'm still sleepy, aren't I? Maybe getting up with an alarm is unnatural. Won't I function better with more sleep?
There are communities of people trying to get up earlier, whether it's to write a few pages of their novel or to go to gym in the morning. In this article, I'll give you a few pointers on what I did to change this habit.
Sleep Patterns
You can't let our inner lazy voice take charge as soon as your alarm clock starts ringing. You have stuff to do. Important stuff. Stuff that scares the inner lazy voice and makes it want to hit snooze. So we need to keep inner lazy voice quiet.
On weekends, the inner lazy voice tends to disappear, because we sleep longer and wake up rested.
How can we replicate this on weekdays?
As you may know, our sleep consists of light and deep stages. If your alarm clock happens to ring while you're in the deep sleep stage, you'll feel groggy and unmotivated. However, when you wake up in-between those deep sleep stages, you'll feel much more well-rested. That's the key to avoiding the inner lazy voice.
Image credit Steve Jurvetson
I wish I had tried out this method sooner. It has made all the difference in the way I get up in the morning. What used to be very unpleasant, it has now become an entirely bearable and even enjoyable experience. I didn't start getting to bed earlier or “turning off screens” by 10.00 pm. I even stopped taking melatonin simply because I don't need it anymore. I'm not saying that those ideas are unnecessary, they just haven't made as huge of a difference for me as measuring sleep cycles has.
There are a number of tools available to measure the sleep stage you're in. Many wearable activity trackers like FitBit, Misfit, Jawbone, and ActivitÃ© allow vibrating alarms that wake you up in your light sleep phase. There are also plenty of products out there dedicated specifically for tracking your sleep and waking you up, like Beddit and Withings' Aura.
But you don't need to shell out $150 just to finally start getting up earlier. Got a smartphone? Great! There are a number of apps out there that can help you wake you up at the right time.
I ended up buying and using Sleep as Android app simply because it has the neat feature that requires you to get up and scan a QR code in order to turn off the alarm. If you don't need that feature, try out the cheaper and more beautiful Sleep Cycle (there's also an iOS version available).
To use this type of apps, simply lay your phone on the bed beside you and let it measure your movements. It may seem simple, but it works really well.
Image courtesy of Sleep Cycle app
So, tip number one is to start waking up according to your biological clock. It truly makes all the difference.
Build a Routine
Another step to silencing the inner lazy voice is to not think. When your alarm clock rings, get up. No thinking, just get up.
But you'll also need to plan out what happens after you get up. You know the saying, failing to plan is planning to fail. So get that notebook out and start planning out the first few minutes after you wake up.
You need to account for every little detail, form peeing to brushing teeth. At least in the beginning of applying this new routine, it's been very useful for me to add in a few actions that were sure to wake me up, like doing squats or drinking some water. Even to a sleepy mind I have in the morning, 10 squats doesn't seem overwhelming, but it gets the blood pumping.
Here are 22 ideas for habits you can include in your routine.
But just writing out a task list for the morning likely won't work. Here's the secret ingredient that will fix that: interval timer.
Interval timer app on your phone will read out pre-set tasks one after another in pre-set intervals. I use Timewinder, but have heard good things about Seconds on iOS as well. When you get up, simply run the workflow in the app and perform the actions dictated. No thinking. No inner lazy voice.
Small Changes
Scott had written about the impact small steps can have before, as well as Leo Bababuta and a number of other productivity gurus. The advice boils down to: make small steps if you want consistent and long-term change in your life. Large, earth-shattering change isn't likely to persist.
When you're building a habit of rising early, this principle is even more true. Don't start waking up at 7 am if you now wake up at 11. Don't build a complicated 1-hour routine right for the start.
Each day, introduce a new task in your morning routine. Once you get used to it, add another. Your inner lazy voice will resist doing 100 pushups. It's much less likely to resist 10 or even only 3. Don't give your inner lazy voice a chance to complain â€” make the change so easy it'll seem harder not to do it.
Keep a Journal
Keeping a journal of when you got up each day can help in many ways. One part of this method is that it adds that Seinfield effect to the equation. You may find yourself more motivated to get out of bed when you have been doing it for the last few days.
But an even better result of tracking your morning habits is the ability to compare variables. A journal can, for example, help you with figuring out if drinking the night before causes you to relapse into waking up late or if reviewing next day's tasks the evening before helps you jump out of bed more enthusiastically.
Conclusion
Here's my entire method for getting up early. I'd like to point out that while this has been very effective for me at this time, it may not work had I been in a different state of mind. Problem with getting out of bed in the morning can be a symptom of depression, so I'd urge anyone who feels they cannot control this issue to see a doctor.
But for the fellow procrastinators, I truly recommend you try out some (if not all) of the techniques described above. I look forward to reading your experiences in getting up early in the comments!
About the Author
The article was written by Heidi Pungartnik, entrepreneur and productivity junkie from Slovenia. You can follow them on Twitter and get on the launch list of a new productivity site OnTheGrind.eu to keep in touch.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates and their wife Melinda have together donated $1 million to the Washington Alliance for Gun Responsibility, a gun control advocacy group, according to its most recent financial report with Washington State.
The contributions by the couple, who are now full-time philanthropists running the foundation bearing their names, are only the most recent big dollar donations from billionaires who made their fortunes from the software company.
Previously, Microsoft (MSFT) co-founder Paul Allen gave $500,000 to the group, while recently retired Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer gave $250,000 and their wife Connie contributed $330,000.
Related: How the super rich spend their money
It's not just Microsoft billionaires throwing big bucks at the gun control campaign. Tech venture capitalist Nick Hanauer contributed an additional $1 million, according to the filing, on top of their earlier contributions of $335,000.
All of them are billionaires who can easily afford the six- and seven-figure donations. Gates is the richest man in the world according to Forbes, with an estimated fortune worth $76 billion. Ballmer just paid a record $2 billion to buy the Los Angeles Clippers.
Related: Gates no longer Microsoft's largest shareholder
But the contributions by the tech billionaires make up a significant portion of the war chest the group has raised so far. It's the most recent report shows total contributions of $5.8 million.
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation gives away billions of dollars a year to generally less controversial recipients such as groups working to expand childhood immunization, combat poverty and hunger in the third world, and helping the poor to attend college.
Gates themselves makes relatively modest, and balanced, political contributions. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, they have given $15,000 each this year to both the Democratic and Republican committees seeking to elect members of the House and Senate.
The Alliance is backing a ballot measure in the state this November that would require background checks for all gun purchases in the state, including those made at gun shows and online. The measure is opposed by a local group known as Protect Our Gun Rights, which has raised $1.1 million and has its own measure on the ballot to try to block background checks.
UFC Middleweight champion Chris Weidman and former champion Anderson Silva are set to rematch on December 28 at UFC 168 in one of the most-hyped Middleweight matches in recent memory. In their first fight, a leg lock attack by Weidman was hailed as a great show of confidence by some and a serious error by others.
Let's take an in depth look at the leg lock attack by Weidman and judge for ourselves.
To begin, here is a link to the gif of the full sequence so you have it fresh in your mind. Leave it open in the other tab as a reference.
On to the breakdown:
It started in the first round as Weidman went to stand in Anderson Silva's guard to continue raining down strikes, which they had been having some success with up to this point in the round. Silva, looking to have some form of control of Weidman as they stand, switches to the de la Riva guard.
Pictured above, the de la Riva guard has become very popular in sport Jiu Jitsu as an answer to a top fighter attempting a standing guard pass. The guard involves Silva using their right leg to hook around Weidman's left leg and snake inside, tying up the leg and limiting Weidman's ability to move. Silva has achieved a fairly strong position, as they have broken Weidman's posture, has strong wrist control on Weidman's right hand, and appears to be snaking their leg in even deeper to get threaded through Weidman's legs.
That position can be used for any number of balance-disrupting moves, including a sweep similar to the scissors sweep from the de la Riva. Without the gi grips, Silva is unlikely to finish the sweep, but they very easily could create a scramble in which they could escape to their feet. Weidman is out of position and needs to react or lose their position.
So Weidman attempts a spinning kneebar, attacking the leg that Silva was using for their de la Riva hook by kicking their right leg back and spinning around. It is not an uncommon technique, though not often seen in competition. In a gi with a belt on, if any mistake is made, it is an amazingly efficient way to give up one's back.
But Weidman did an admirable job with the execution, and for a further look at the attack here is the legendary Rigan Machado teaching the technique.
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Portland - Rigan Machado 2013 - Countering The de la Riva Guard With A Knee Bar (via Northwest Fighting Arts)
Weidman ends up with a deep and very threatening kneebar, pictured below.
Anderson Silva is in deep trouble here. A kneebar works functionally the same as an armbar - the goal is to position the leg in a way where Weidman can use their hips and entire body to hyper-extend the knee. The leg is a much larger and stronger limb, making it more difficult to control and finish, so the kneebar requires precise positioning. To keep the leg from rotating, Weidman needs to pinch their knees tight together and keep Silva's knee aligned at the proper angle.
If Siva's toes remain pointing down and Weidman's hips can push directly into their knee, bending it the wrong way, Silva will be forced to tap. Silva has both hands on Weidman's left knee, pulling on it both to pull themselves up and to flair it just enough to give them space to turn their leg.
Silva is able to give themselves just enough space to rotate their leg. Above, their knee is turned enough that Weidman no longer can force it to bend the wrong direction. At this point, Silva has escaped the kneebar, and Weidman must switch their attack if they want to submit Silva.
Weidman passes Silva's foot to their left armpit and begins to attack a heelhook. The heelhook works by immobilizing the top half of the leg and then gripping the heel and rotating the bottom of the leg, tearing the tendons in the knee.
In a refreshing bit of savvy, Weidman doesn't lock up the 50/50 guard, where they would lock up their legs on the outside, which many in MMA do as a hold over from the rules format of sport Jiu Jitsu. Instead, Weidman locks up between Silva's legs, which would be illegal in sport Jiu Jitsu, attacking for what is known as the "leg knot".
They end up in one of the stages in the progression to a full leg knot where both their feet are under Silva's leg. This leaves Silva's only escape option to try to step over Weidman's feet, and as Weidman uses their upper body to rotate Silva's heel from left to right spin with the motion and out of the heelhook.
And that is just what Silva does to escape the heelhook, turning over with the motion until they are able to free their leg. Here is the link to the gif again so you can see the whole sequence again.
To close with, here is one of America's premiere Sambo instructors/competitors, Riley Bodycomb, teaching the leg knot. Notice the ankle control grip that would prevent Silva's step over escape in the progression to the full leg knot which prevents really any kind of escape.
Sambo Leg Knot Part 1 (via TakingItToTheMMAT)
For more MMA analysis, history, technique, and discussion be sure to follow T.P. Grant on Twitter or Facebook.
When Dan Peterson's wife Mary died in March, they said they fell into a deep depression and was searching for a reason to live. Six months later, they met Norah, a four-year-old girl who decided that they wanted to be their friend.
In an interview with CBS, the 82-year-old Georgia man said they would spend their days staring at squirrels and was just waiting to die.
Six months after Mary's death, Peterson was at a grocery store when young Norah Wood was passing by in a shopping cart and reached over and called out to him.
READ MORE: WWII veteran celebrates 90th birthday with 4-year-old pal
“Hi, old person! It's my birthday today,” they said, according to their mom Tara.
Peterson said they were instantly enamoured. They gave in to Norah's demand for a hug and a friendship was born.
“That day, I was going through a day of self-pity. I was just feeling sorry for myself,” they told CNN. “But they changed it.”
“She just wanted to make them feel loved and give them a hug,” said Tara. “And their little lip quivered and they teared up and it was just sweet.”
READ MORE: ‘I'm not trying to be mean, I just want everyone to be friends': 6-year-old Surrey girl gives mom life lesson
Tara snapped a few photos of the unlikely friends and posted about the encounter on Facebook. Somebody recognized Peterson and sent the Woods their contact information with the comment, “That's the first time I've seen that man smile since their wife died.”
Since that chance encounter in late September, Norah has been visiting “Mr. Dan” at least once a week.
Tara has been documenting these visits online, including one last month for Dan's birthday.
Peterson, who has adult grandchildren, says Norah's friendship has quite literally changed their lives. The anxiety and restless nights that accompanied their grief have gone by the wayside and watching Norah grow up is their new purpose.
READ MORE: Little boy sneaking into neighbour's garage to hug dog caught on camera
“She opened me to a love that I didn't know existed,” they said. “If I didn't have anything else to do the rest of my life, I have them to love.”
As for why Norah decided to zero in on Peterson that fateful day in the grocery store, Tara believes it was more than just pure coincidence.
“I can only assume there was some divine intervention or stars aligning or they were nudged by the universe,” they said. “I know we're all better because of it though.”
Mike's Amazing Cakes has done it again and created another awe-inspiring cake! This is an edible scaled model of the Batcave from the 1966 Batman television series. This Batcave has the Batcomputer, the Batmobile, an atomic reactor, and many other devices. If you look carefully at the side of the Batcave, you will see the Batpoles. It looks like an elevator shaft with two long poles in it. The Batpoles lead up to Wayne Manor. Compressed steam caused a platform at the bottom of the Batpoles to go back up to Wayne Manor. Halfway down the Batpoles is an Instant Costume-Change Lever so Batman and Robin change into costume as they come into the Batcave.
On the other side of the Batcave is the secret entrance. It is in front of the Batmobile. This Batcave is an edible set designed for the client's die cast Batmobile. The Batmobile is sitting on the giant turn-table of the Batcave. It rotated the car so it would be facing the secret entrance to the Batcave and be ready for when Batman and Robin needed it.
view from the secret entrance
First I prepared some test files to print to get an idea of what is possible with the printer and optimize the dimensions of the grooves. These record files have circular grooves on them containing sine waves of various frequencies, amplitudes, groove depths, groove widths, and beveled groove edges. (When I say that the groove "contained" a sine wave, I mean the bottom of the groves moves up and down in a sinusoidal pattern around the record). I generated all of these files in Processing using the ModelBuilder library to export straight to STL.
TEST ONE:
My first test record had 72 grooves on it, screen shots of the model are shown in figs 2 through 6 I tested two frequencies of sine waves:
1000 cycles per revolution = 555Hz at 33RPM
500 cycles per revolution = 277Hz at 33RPM
I tested a few different amplitudes, depths, and groove widths for these frequencies and gave each groove a constant bevel size of 2px on each side (you can see in fig 5 how the edges of the groove flare outward). I printed the record in Objet's Vero Clear material, this material is a fairly hard, clear resin. I printed the file with the "smooth" setting to prevent any support material from being deposited in the grooves. Unfortunately, when I was ready to make this print we were having some problems with power in our shop, so I had to use another Objet machine that was not set up for high resolution printing; the best I could do was 300DPI X/Y resolution with 30um Z steps. This is half the resolution that each of these axes is capable of, meaning the print came out at (1/2)3, or 1/8th resolution overall. The results are shown in the video below (the grooves were not deep enough to keep the needle inside, so I had to hold in it place with my hand). The record was also a little big for my record player, I decreased the diameter of my STL file to 11.8" in later versions.
<pre>//sine tests //by Amanda Ghassaei //Dec 2012 //https://www.instructables.com/id/3D-Printed-Record/ /* * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by * the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or * (at your option) any later version. */ import processing.opengl.*; import unlekker.util.*; import unlekker.modelbuilder.*; import ec.util.*; UVertexList recordPerimeterUpper,recordPerimeterLower,recordHoleUpper,recordHoleLower;//storage for perimeter and center hole of record UVertexList lastEdge;//storage for conecting one groove to the next UGeometry geo;//storage for stl geometry //variables float theta;//angle variable float thetaIter = 10000;//how many values of theta per cycle float radius;//variable to calculate radius of grooves int diameter = 12;//diameter of record in inches float innerHole = 0.286;//diameter of center hole in inches float innerRad = 2.35;//radius of innermost groove in inches float outerRad = 5.75;//radius of outermost groove in inches float grooveSpacing = 20;//pixel spacing of grooves float bevel = 2;//pixel width of groove bevel //record parameters float recordHeight = 0.08;//height of record in inches int recordBottom = 0;//height of bottom of record //parameters to test float amplitude[] = {2,4,8};//in units of 16 micron steps (remember this is the amplitude of the sine wave, the total vert displacement will be twice this) int frequency[] = {1000,500,0};//cycles per rotation float depth[] = {0.5,1,0};//how many 16 microns steps below the surface of the record to print the uppermost point of the groove float grooveWidth[] = {1,2,3};//in 600dpi pixels float incrNum = TWO_PI/thetaIter;//calculcate inrementation amount int grooveNum = 0;//variable for keeping track of how long this will take void setup() {//everything that executes in this sketch is contained in the setup() geo = new UGeometry();//place to store geometery of verticies setUpVariables();//convert units, initialize etc setUpRecordShape();//draw basic shape of record drawGrooves();//draw in grooves geo.writeSTL(this, "test.stl");//write stl file from geomtery } void setUpVariables(){ //convert everything to inches float micronsPerInch = 25400;//scalingfactor float dpi = 600; byte micronsPerLayer = 16;//microns per vertical print layer grooveSpacing /= dpi; bevel /= dpi; for(byte i=0;i<3;i++){ amplitude[i] = amplitude[i]*micronsPerLayer/micronsPerInch; depth[i] = depth[i]*micronsPerLayer/micronsPerInch; grooveWidth[i] /= dpi; } } void setUpRecordShape(){ //set up storage recordPerimeterUpper = new UVertexList(); recordPerimeterLower = new UVertexList(); recordHoleUpper = new UVertexList(); recordHoleLower = new UVertexList(); //get verticies for(theta=0;theta<TWO_PI;theta+=incrNum){ //outer edge of record float perimeterX = diameter/2+diameter/2*cos(theta); float perimeterY = diameter/2+diameter/2*sin(theta); recordPerimeterUpper.add(perimeterX,perimeterY,recordHeight); recordPerimeterLower.add(perimeterX,perimeterY,recordBottom); //center hole float centerHoleX = diameter/2+innerHole/2*cos(theta); float centerHoleY = diameter/2+innerHole/2*sin(theta); recordHoleUpper.add(centerHoleX,centerHoleY,recordHeight); recordHoleLower.add(centerHoleX,centerHoleY,recordBottom); } //close vertex lists (closed loops) recordPerimeterUpper.close(); recordPerimeterLower.close(); recordHoleUpper.close(); recordHoleLower.close(); //connect verticies geo.quadStrip(recordHoleUpper,recordHoleLower); geo.quadStrip(recordHoleLower,recordPerimeterLower); geo.quadStrip(recordPerimeterLower,recordPerimeterUpper); //to start, outer edge of record is the last egde we need to connect to with the outmost groove lastEdge = new UVertexList(); lastEdge.add(recordPerimeterUpper); println("record drawn, starting grooves"); grooveNum = 0;//variable for keeping track of how much longer this will take } void drawGrooves(){ UVertexList grooveOuterUpper,grooveOuterLower,grooveInnerUpper,grooveInnerLower;//groove verticies //set up storage grooveOuterUpper = new UVertexList(); grooveOuterLower = new UVertexList(); grooveInnerUpper = new UVertexList(); grooveInnerLower = new UVertexList(); //DRAW GROOVES radius = outerRad;//outermost radius (at 5.75") to start for(byte frequencyIndex=0;frequencyIndex<2;frequencyIndex++){ for(byte amplitudeIndex=0;amplitudeIndex<3;amplitudeIndex++){ for(byte grooveDepthIndex=0;grooveDepthIndex<2;grooveDepthIndex++){ for(byte grooveWidthIndex=0;grooveWidthIndex<3;grooveWidthIndex++){ for(byte copies=0;copies<2;copies++){ //clear lists grooveOuterUpper.reset(); grooveOuterLower.reset(); grooveInnerUpper.reset(); grooveInnerLower.reset(); for(theta=0;theta<TWO_PI;theta+=incrNum){//for theta between 0 and 2pi float sineTheta = sin(theta); float cosineTheta = cos(theta); //calculate height of groove float grooveHeight = recordHeight-depth[grooveDepthIndex]-amplitude[amplitudeIndex]+amplitude[amplitudeIndex]*sin(theta*frequency[frequencyIndex]); grooveOuterUpper.add((diameter/2+(radius+bevel)*cosineTheta),(diameter/2+(radius+bevel)*sineTheta),recordHeight); grooveOuterLower.add((diameter/2+radius*cosineTheta),(diameter/2+radius*sineTheta),grooveHeight); grooveInnerLower.add((diameter/2+(radius-grooveWidth[grooveWidthIndex])*cosineTheta),(diameter/2+(radius-grooveWidth[grooveWidthIndex])*sineTheta),grooveHeight); grooveInnerUpper.add((diameter/2+(radius-grooveWidth[grooveWidthIndex]-bevel)*cosineTheta),(diameter/2+(radius-grooveWidth[grooveWidthIndex]-bevel)*sineTheta),recordHeight); } //close vertex lists (closed loops) grooveOuterUpper.close(); grooveOuterLower.close(); grooveInnerUpper.close(); grooveInnerLower.close(); //connect verticies geo.quadStrip(lastEdge,grooveOuterUpper); geo.quadStrip(grooveOuterUpper,grooveOuterLower); geo.quadStrip(grooveOuterLower,grooveInnerLower); geo.quadStrip(grooveInnerLower,grooveInnerUpper); //set new last edge lastEdge.reset();//clear old data lastEdge.add(grooveInnerUpper); radius -= grooveSpacing+grooveWidth[grooveWidthIndex];//set next radius //tell me how much longer grooveNum++; print(grooveNum); println(" of 72 grooves drawn"); } radius -= 2*grooveSpacing;//extra spacing } radius -= 2*grooveSpacing;//extra spacing } radius -= 2*grooveSpacing;//extra spacing } radius -= 2*grooveSpacing;//extra spacing } geo.quadStrip(lastEdge,recordHoleUpper);//close remaining space between last groove and center hole }
In this video you can hear a periodic frequency sweep on top of the steady sine wave (best heard w headphones). This sweeping sound is caused by the needle moving over the thousands of tiny parallel bumps in the print caused by adjacent print-heads on the Objet machine. This noise is unavoidable, but increasing the strength of the signal will help to make it less noticeable.The Processing sketch that generated this record is given below:
TEST TWO:
In my next test I made a record with 108 grooves, still sine waves, but this time I made the grooves deeper, increase the bevel of each groove to equal half the amplitude of the sine wave, and tried out three different frequencies: 555hz, 277hz, and 139hz (1000, 500, and 250 cycles per revolution at 33.3rpm). I also tested different amplitudes (4, 8 and 16 steps), groove depths (2, and 3 steps below the top of the record), and groove widths (1, 2 and 3 pixels). Since our shop came back online, I switched printers and started printing with Objet's Vero White material, which is similar to Vero Clear in texture, but (as you might image) is a translucent white color. This time I was finally able to print with the full 16 micra and 600 dpi resolution of the printer. Here is a video of the results:
TEST THREE:
In my third test I increased the resolution of my stl file to test out some higher frequency sine waves. I used 22000 points per revolution to draw out the sine waves (as opposed to 10000 in my previous tests), this puts me at about the max resolution I can get with 600dpi (calculated in the last step). I tested three frequencies: 1110hz, 832hz, and 694hz (2000, 1500, and 1250 cycles per revolution at 33.3rpm). I also tested different amplitudes (12 and 16 steps) and groove widths (2 and 3 px). Here is the video:
RESULTS:
At the end of all these tests I learned a few things about 3d printing records with the Objet:
Groove Depth min of 48um below top of record - I found that grooves that kept the waveform at a minimum of 48um (or 3 16 micron steps) below the top of the record kept the needle in place while being played. This was true for all the frequencies I tested.
Groove Width 2px - At lower frequencies I found that the 2px grooves were much less noisy than the 1px, but I didn't hear too much of a difference between 2 and 3px. However, when I tested again with the higher frequencies (2000 cycles/rev) I could hear much more noise on the 3px groove than the 2px.
Frequency Range - at 22000 points per revolution, I easily achieved the upper limit of the human vocal range (about 1.1kHz). Theoretically I should be able to reproduce frequencies equal to half my sampling rate. With a sampling rate of 12kHz (calculated in the last step), the highest frequency I can theoretically achieve is 6kHz. I suspect that the movement of the liquid resin during the curing process will prevent me from actually achieving these frequencies, but if I can just get into the 2kHz range it will still sound reasonably good. Based on the tests I've run so far, I think this is possible.
Dimensions - Although it seems like a 12" record should measure 12" in diameter, I found that printing at 12" made the record slightly too large for my record player. I decreased the diameter down to 11.8" and it worked great.
Max file size of ~300MB - Although Processing is capable of producing much larger files, the Objet Software that runs the printers seems to only handle about 300MB of data at a time. It's possible that increased RAM might bring this up to 500mb, but this still does not give me a lot of room to work with. Although this is plenty for normal CAD purposes, I found out that I would have to be very efficient with the way I packed data onto the STL for the final version of my Processing sketch. One problem with my current sketch is that is has a constant angular sampling rate, this means that the same amount of data is used to describe a groove on the outer edge of the record and a groove near the center of the record. Since the groove at the center of the record is much smaller it would a higher resolution than the outer groove, unfortunately, this extra precision goes to waste because the printer has constant DPI across the entire surface of the record. Eventually, I hope to decrease the angular sampling rate of the inner grooves to save storage space and pack as much audio into the STL file as possible.
I love the show. I really do. But sometimes they don't quite hit the mark. Season 5 Dorne is the classic example. Stannis is another. Some say show Stannis was a deformation of the character. I don't agree with that. I think show Stannis was a simplified version of the character that wasn't given as much care as the showrunners have given the rest of the main cast. I don't think they gave them enough respect as a diverse and complex character say as they did Tyrion or Jaime. Sit down. Relax, get comfortable and let's explore Stannis Baratheon past and present.
This is Stannis Baratheon
Stannis suffered from a nasty affliction from an early age: Middle child syndrome. Some of you may be familiar with this condition as it affects millions of children across the world. No cure is known, although Stannis does try to remedy themselves of it later on in life to mild success.
Stannis was the second son of Cassana Estermont and Steffon Baratheon, lord of Storm's End. Their elder brother was Robert Baratheon, and Renly was the youngest of the three. The three were so different from each other it could be hardly said they were brothers at all. I find the easiest way to display their differences is to explore their sex lives. Robert basically slept with anything that walked on two legs and had breasts. I would say Stannis wanted nothing to do with sex. They saw the act as a duty to get an heir from their wife, but that was the end of it. Stannis was a man of few pleasures. Renly just went the other way completely and didn't sleep with women at all from what we hear. Rumors were always going around about that lad.
When Stannis was young they found an injured goshawk (bird). They carefully nursed it back to health and named it Proudwing. Robert teased Stannis and nicknamed the bird Weakwing because the poor thing couldn't fly very high and failed at every attempt Stannis made to teach it to hunt. Stannis's uncle told them that they were being a fool and told Stannis to abandon the bird, which they did. Proudwing was never seen again.
Cassana and Steffon were sent on a mission to Volantis to find a bride for the crowned prince, Rhaegar Targaryen. They didn't find one, but they did find a jester who would delight Robert, and may even teach Stannis to laugh. (book only).
Stannis and Robert stood on the parapets and watched their parent's ship as it returned from the voyage. And they watched as the ship smashed into the rocks of Shipbreaker Bay. And they watched as, in the distance, their parents drowned and the sea dragged the ship down into its depths. The only soul to survive was the fool who washed up on shore three days later, their mind broken (book only). Stannis lost their faith in the gods that day.
Maester Cressen raised the Baratheon brothers from that point on. They gave Stannis the most attention because they needed it. They were shy and quiet unlike their brothers. They didn't naturally pull attention like they did and they had always been the least loved among them. Stannis was also the son Cressen could never have, but Stannis was always in Robert's shadow in every way, from childhood to adulthood.
The Siege of Storm's End
Robert's Rebellion posed an interesting conflict for Stannis, and one you may not have ever thought about. Robert was a rebel, an usurper, an outlaw from the crown's point of view. Stannis had to decide if they would support their brother in rebellion or support the crown. We know, of course, that Stannis sided with their brother.
To summarize, Robert marched off to war and Stannis was left at Storm's End with a measly garrison to hold the castle. Stannis was eighteen at this time. Mace Tyrell quickly swooped in on Storm's End with their full host. Storm's End was cut off from land and sea. A true siege. And it went on and on and on.
The Siege of Storm's End was part of the domino effect that won Robert the war, and it was key in doing so. The Tyrell army was strong, but they were tied up trying to starve Stannis out for most of the war. When Rhaegar marched with the Targaryen and Dorne host to the Trident, the Tyrell host was still sitting outside of Storm's End. If Stannis had surrendered and given up, the Tyrells would have joined the fight at the Trident, and Robert would have lost the war (most likely). And Stannis and their men weren't sitting pretty either. They were starving. Literally.
The siege lasted a year. They ran out of food so they ate their horses. They ran out of horses so they ate their cats and dogs. They ran out of cats and dogs. The only meat left in the place was human meat. Luckily it didn't go quite that far (insert subtext here that it DID, in fact, go that far) and they were saved by the timely arrival of a smuggler with onions, probably the best thing those men had ever tasted in their lives. A funny thought process. Try and follow along.
If the Tyrells had been at the Trident, Robert would lose. If Stannis had given up Storm's End the Tyrells would have been at the Trident. If Davos hadn't brought Stannis onions they would have died of starvation. If they had died of starvation the Tyrells would have taken Storm's End and been at the Trident. So, logically, it's not too far fetched to say that Davos won them the war :). (all assumptions of course).
Ned comes and ends the siege. Stannis knights Davos. Yay a happy ending for everyone. But not quite. Robert, the new king, tells Stannis to build a fleet and go to Dragonstone. Robert's blood lust over the Targaryens is still strong. And hiding away on Dragonstone was Rhaella Targaryen, sisterwife to the Mad King.
Months later, Stannis set sail for their Assault on Dragonstone. But unknown to him, Rhaella was already dead. They died shortly after giving birth to a new child and that same night a terrible storm destroyed the Targaryen fleet anchored at Dragonstone. Rhaella's two children were smuggled away to safety before Stannis even arrived.
“I built a fleet at Robert's command, took Dragonstone in their name. Did they take my hand and say, “Well done, brother, whatever should I do without you?” No, they blamed me for letting Willem Darry steal away Viserys and the babe, as if I could have stopped it.”
Robert was furious that the Targaryn children had escaped and Stannis became the scapegoat. Robert gave Renly Storm's End and made Stannis lord of Dragonstone. An insult to say the least. If Robert was king then Stannis was next to be lord of Storm's End, the Baratheon seat, but instead Robert gives them Dragonstone. We've already talked about how lovely a place that is.
“I never asked for Dragonstone. I never wanted it. I took it because Robert's enemies were here and they commanded me to root them out. I built their fleet and did their work, dutiful as a younger brother should be to an elder, as Renly should be to me. And what was Robert's thanks? They name me Lord of Dragonstone, and gives Storm's End and its incomes to Renly.”
Keep in mind I'm telling this how Stannis sees it. Some argue that this wasn't an intentional slight by Robert, but that doesn't matter right now. This is the story of Stannis and that's how they saw it, so that's how I'll tell it. Always keep in mind there are two sides to every story.
Post Rebellion
Stannis proved themselves to be a great commander. During the Greyjoy Rebellion they smashed the Iron Fleet to pieces. They were an exemplary strategical mind, one of the best in the Seven Kingdoms.
“I have felt from the beginning that Stannis was a greater danger than all the others combined.” – Tywin
“He is known for their prowess as a battle commander, and they are utterly without mercy. There is no creature on earth half so terrifying as a truly just man.” – Varys
Stannis earned the respect of everyone in the kingdom. Not many could say they liked him, but they had their attention and respect. Robert made Stannis their master of ships and Stannis lived in Kings Landing as part of the small council. Together, Jon Arryn and Stannis ran the realm and kept everything together. Stannis was closer to king than Robert who preferred to fuck and drink. Robert never truly admired Stannis and the things their brother did for him. They never thanked Stannis for holding Storm's End for a year, they thanked Ned who ended the siege. Robert blamed Stannis for the escape of Dany and Viserys. Robert gave Storm's End to Renly. The list goes on.
Believe it or not, Stannis had a big hand in setting off the events in Game of Thrones. Time to pull your memory back to season one/book one. We learn that Jon Arryn died after becoming suspicious of Joffrey, Myrcella, and Tommen. That they weren't in fact Baratheon at all. Well who gave Jon Arryn this suspicion? None other than Stannis. They confided in Jon and they investigated the matter together. Just as they were getting close, Jon dies. Robert and company go to Winterfell to make Ned hand of the king, Robert's last slight against Stannis. This is when the show starts and Stannis goes back to Dragonstone very much under the impression that Cersei killed Jon Arryn.
Understanding the Mannis
You basically know the rest, but I'm not going to end it there today, there's more to say. Stannis turns people off. I get it. He's not warm or funny. They don't make smart quips like Tyrion (maybe sometimes) or destroy people with a hammer, but that's not what Stannis is about. Why say something yourself when someone else has said it better? I'm going to use quotes and try to get at the core of Stannis and their character.
“I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous as to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed. In King's Landing, the High Septon would prattle at me of how all justice and goodness flowed from the Seven, but all I ever saw of either was made by men.”
One of their key defining moments in life was the death of their parents. People think Stannis is a ‘slave' to the will of Melisandre, but this couldn't be farther from the truth. Stannis doesn't like gods, and their belief in R'hllor is less of a belief and more a tool to be used. He's no devout follower, that's for sure, and they seem to have a general dislike for religion.
“Renly offered me a peach. At our parley. Mocked me, defied me, threatened me, and offered me a peach. I thought they were drawing a blade and went for mine own. Was that their purpose, to make me show fear? Or was it one of their pointless jests? When they spoke of how sweet the peach was, did their words have some hidden meaning? Only Renly could vex me with a piece of fruit. They brought their doom on themselves with their treason, but I did love him, Davos. I know that now. I swear, I will go to my grave thinking of my brother's peach.”
Stannis kills their own brother. How could they do such a thing? You ask. I'll never understand how anyone could possibly think Renly was in the right here. Stannis didn't want to do it and got no pleasure from doing it. Stannis was next in line and Renly stomped all over it like a child throwing a fit. If Renly had just supported their older brother, who knows what could have happened? Oh wait.
“If Renly had done their duty by their brother, we would have smashed Lord Tywin. A victory even Robert could be proud of.”
People like Renly because he's charismatic, friendly, and enjoyable to be around and watch/read about. I say egocentric and careless. Stannis kills their brother, not because it's the easy thing to do, but because it's the right thing to do. Unlike every other king in the War of the Five Kings, Stannis thinks of the everyday man. No soldier deserved to die in a fight between Stannis and Renly. A pointless fight that Renly created because they wanted to be a big boy. Only Renly deserved to die and they got what they deserved in my opinion.
“It is not a question of wanting. The throne is mine, as Robert's heir. That is law. After me, it must pass to my daughter, unless Selyse should finally give me a son. I am king. Wants do not enter into it. I have a duty to my daughter. To the realm. Even to Robert. They loved me but little, I know, yet they were my brother.”
This is the main thing to understand about Stannis. He's not trying to get the throne for want of power or anything else. Stannis is a man of law and it's just an undeniable aspect in their mind that the throne is rightfully his. That doesn't mean they want it. It means they believe it's their duty to take it.
One boy! They may be the best boy who ever drew breath and it would not matter. My duty is to the realm. How many boys dwell in Westeros? How many girls? How many men, how many women? The darkness will devour them all, [Melisandre] says. I never asked for this, no more than I asked to be king. Yet dare I disregard her? We do not choose our destinies. Yet we must . . . we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty.
This is Stannis talking about Edric Storm (replaced by Gendry in the show). Sacrifices must be made. When Stannis kills one child, he's doing it so that a million may live. It's easy to say “How could they do such a terrible thing? But it's hard to DO such a terrible thing. Stannis is one of the only people in the realm STRONG enough to be able to put the lives of the many before the few. No matter what.
“[Davos] reminded me of my duty, when all I could think of was my rights. I had the cart before the horse. I was trying to win the throne to save the kingdom, when I should have been trying to save the kingdom to win the throne.”
Stannis is the only one to come to the rescue of the Night's Watch. The only one.
“Demons made of snow and ice and cold. The ancient enemy. The only enemy that matters.”
This is Stannis's enemy. They have no interest in fighting men, but they have to. The realm has to stand together to fight the Others and it's their duty as king to be the one to unite them against the true enemy. The only King who has been smart enough to know the true enemy and actively try to do something about it. This is why we call them Stannis the Mannis. They live on in the books and… not so much in the show. But the takeaway here is that he's not just an angry man who just listens to what Melisandre tells them and enjoys burning people alive. They have strong beliefs and he's a serious man, but that doesn't make them any less of a great character than a colorful one like Tyrion.
There's honestly a lot more to the guy than this, but I honestly only have so much space and time. These books are long and deep and you should read them if you haven't. Really. Just do it. It adds so much to the experience.
As always thanks for reading! All information comes from the A song of Ice and Fire series.
Art Citations:
#1: Art by Joshua Cairós
#2: Art by Jeff Johnson (I think this is him)
#3: From a dvd extra on Game of Thrones
#4: From a dvd extra on Game of Thrones
#5: from GoT
#6: Art by Erenarik
ORLANDO, Fla. — Authorities in Florida say an 18-year-old lost their balance on a hoverboard and accidentally shot their 13-year-old cousin in the back of the head.
The shooting happened Sunday in Orlando. Officials say Lavardo Fisher died Monday night.
The Orlando Sentinel reports Fisher was playing Xbox when they were shot.
An Orange County Sheriff's Office incident report says Fisher wasn't breathing when first responders arrived. They were taken to the hospital in critical condition.
Deputies say the cousin told deputies they didn't mean to shoot the gun. They haven't been charged.
The gun was owned by 35-year-old Walter Morame. They aren't at the home when the shooting occurred but was arrested later Sunday on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon. Records don't say whether he's hired a lawyer.
More workers use iPhone and Android smartphones combined than BlackBerry smartphones, according to a survey of 1,681 U.S.-based workers released Thursday by Forrester Research.
That finding amplifies what many have known for a while about the entrenched workplace smartphone veteran: the BlackBerry faces trouble from its competitors.
The BlackBerry, made by Research in Motion, still leads among U.S. workers, with 42%, the survey said, with Apple's iPhone accounting for 22% and Android devices, 26%.
The survey also found that nearly half, or 48% of the group, said that they chose the primary smartphone used for their work without considering what their company supports. Only 29% said they chose the smartphone from a list of phones the company supports, while 23% said they had no choice in the matter.
Often, corporate IT shops will choose BlackBerry smartphones when requiring a worker to use a specific smartphone, partly because of the perceived security benefits, many analysts, including at Forrester, have found. The growth in Android phones and the iPhone -- many of them brought to workplaces by workers independently -- are forcing IT shops to rethink that decision, however.
Ted Schadler, a Forrester analyst, said the survey points to two major trends. The first is that more workers than ever are bringing consumer-focused devices, such as Android and iPhone smartphones, to use for work, and more companies are supporting those devices.
The other trend is that IT shops are not realizing that even if they require that employees use a BlackBerry or other device at work, those same workers often bring in a second phone of their own to-do other kinds of work-related tasks with applications that are not supported on the company-required phone.
Examples Schadler gave of such applications on the worker's second phone are Skype for calling, Evernote for taking notes or Dropbox for storing documents and videos from various devices in the cloud.
"More companies are supporting bring-your-own smartphone, and more workers are going around IT without IT knowing what workers are doing," they said.
Questions on mobile devices were part of a wider survey that involved 4,985 U.S. workers. In the wider survey, Forrester found that 50% of information workers (those who work more than an hour a day on a computer) are splitting their time between the office and home or another location, underscoring the need for mobile devices.
Meanwhile, only 10% of directors and executives are officebound, the survey, conducted in May, found.
Schadler said one of the most dramatic examples of mobile computing he's seen is at Medtronic, a medical technology provider that has deployed 5,000 iPads, about two-thirds of which are used by its sales personnel. Forrester granted Medtronic a Groundswell Award for its innovation.
Forrester's survey also found that general worker satisfaction with IT is not great. Fewer than half of information workers and managers said they were satisified with services and technologies provided by their company's IT department.
Matt Hamblen covers mobile and wireless, smartphones and other handhelds, and wireless networking for Computerworld. Follow Matt on Twitter at @matthamblen or subscribe to Matt's RSS feed. Their e-mail address is mhamblen@computerworld.com.
NEW YORK (Tuesday, March 22, 2016) – New York Red Bulls midfielder Felipe was voted Major League Soccer Player of the Week by the North American Soccer Reporters (NASR) for the third week of the 2016 MLS season.
Felipe led the Red Bulls in a thrilling 4-3 comeback win over the Houston Dynamo at Red Bull Arena, scoring two incredible goals in the last 15 minutes of the game to secure the club's first win of the 2016 season.
The Brazilian notched their first on a beautiful curling shot from just outside the box in the 77th minute of the match. With the Red Bulls down 3-2, Felipe ripped the equalizer off their right foot, sending the ball over the outstretched hands of Houston goalkeeper Joe Willis into the opposite corner of the net (Watch Goal).
Felipe put the Red Bulls ahead for good with a stunning free kick goal minutes later. The 25-year-old set up to take the kick 20-yards out, and sent a rising shot over the defensive wall and into the top right corner of the goal to give the Red Bulls a 4-3 lead in the 83rd minute (Watch Goal). The two goals were the first of their 2016 campaign, nearly equaling their total of three from last season, their first year with the Red Bulls.
The Red Bulls return to MLS action Friday, April 1 on the road against the New England Revolution in a Viernes de Fútbol matchup. (7 p.m. ET, UniMás).
The MLS Player of the Week is selected each week of the regular season by a panel of journalists from NASR. The group consists of members of print, television, radio and online media.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEW YORK RED BULLS EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Image caption The Metropolitan Police approved a uniform hijab more than 10 years ago
Police Scotland has announced women from Muslim communities may now wear the hijab as part of their uniform.
It is part of an attempt to encourage Muslim women to consider pursing a career in the force.
Officers and police staff have always had the option to wear religious headwear but the announcement ratifies the use of the hijab.
Chief Constable Phil Gormley said the police force should be representative of the communities it serves.
The move comes 10 years after the Metropolitan Police in London approved a uniform hijab.
Mr Gormley said: "I hope that this addition to our uniform options will contribute to making our staff mix more diverse and adds to the life skills, experiences and personal qualities that our officers and staff bring to policing the communities of Scotland."
'Positive step'
The announcement was welcomed by the Scottish Police Muslim Association's chairperson Fahad Bashir.
They said: "This is a positive step in the right direction, and I am delighted that Police Scotland is taking productive steps in order to ensure that our organisation is seen to be inclusive and represents the diverse communities that we serve across Scotland.
"No doubt this will encourage more women from Muslim and minority ethnic backgrounds to join Police Scotland."
There are currently six female Muslim officers working for Police Scotland - but none of them wear the hijab either on duty or outwith the force. The most recent figure for the overall strength of the force - released at the end of June - was 17,242.
Official figures showed that there were 127 applications from black, Asian and ethnic minority candidates in 2015-16. That was just 2.6% of the total number applying to work for the force.
In order to reflect the 4% figure across Scottish society, the force said it would need to recruit an additional 650 ethnic minority candidates.
Eddie Obeid will be stripped of their annual $120,000 parliamentary pension following their sentencing for misconduct in public office as a former NSW Premier declared it "a great day for NSW".
Obeid, a former Labor powerbroker and cabinet minister, was on Thursday sentenced to a maximum of five years in jail with a non-parole period of three years following their conviction in relation to lobbying over commercial leases at Circular Quay in which their family held an interest.
In response, Premier Mike Baird announced MPs convicted of a serious offence during their time in office will lose their parliamentary pension, even if they quit before charges are laid.
Presently MPs convicted of a serious offence - punishable by at least five years' imprisonment - can keep their pensions if they are not charged while in office.
Image caption The anthrax vaccine has been given to adults thought to be at risk of exposure to biological weapons
A US presidential commission has paved the way for testing an anthrax vaccine on children, prompting criticism that participants would be "guinea pigs".
But the bioethical issues report said researchers would have to overcome many hurdles before conducting any trial.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius must decide whether to act on the paper's recommendations.
An earlier biodefence commission said in 2011 that a vaccine should be developed for children.
The National Biodefence Science Board said at the time that any such study would need approval from a bioethics panel first.
One anthrax vaccine, BioThrax, is available for sale in the US. Drug-maker Emergent BioSolutions reported $215.9m (£142.8m) in sales of the vaccine in 2012.
Video-game scenario
Panel chairperson Amy Gutmann said: "We have to get this precisely right," speaking at a news conference on Tuesday.
They added that "many significant steps would have to be taken" before a trial on children would be allowed to proceed.
But Ms Gutmann said the US must "develop the knowledge needed to save children's lives" if an anthrax attack ever occurred.
The chairperson said striking the right balance of keeping children safe while understanding what a safe dose of the vaccine might be, made this "one of the most difficult ethical reviews a bioethics board has ever conducted".
Some activists said the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues should have rejected the idea of a trial on children altogether.
Vera Sharav, founder of the Alliance for Human Research Protection, said a trial would cause "moral harm" to the nation and suffering for children.
The issue came up in 2011 when a video game called Dark Zephyr portrayed an anthrax attack on a city modelled on San Francisco. It posed the question of whether children should be vaccinated in the event of an attack.
So far, the anthrax vaccine has been given to about 2.9 million adults - mostly members of the armed forces who were thought to be at risk of exposure to biological weapons in Iraq - and studies on animals.
Moving an aging loved one into a senior care home is a huge change for everyone involved. While it can give you some peace of mind knowing that your loved one is safe and cared for in their new home, you have to remember that they will be going through an adjustment period as well.
Moreover, you have to remember that visiting them in their new environment is important as well. After all, your aging loved ones need social interaction in order to improve their quality of life – and a visit from a loved one is sure to boost their mood.
Here is a list of benefits that we have compiled at Pacific Sunrise Home
It allows you to check up on their health.
At Pacific Sunrise Home , we carefully monitor your loved one's health through vital signs monitoring, nursing care, and etc. However, visiting them in our residential care facility in California allows you to personally see how they are doing. You can take note of any changes that you notice – be it emotional, mental, or physical.
At , we carefully monitor your loved one's health through vital signs monitoring, nursing care, and etc. However, visiting them in our residential care facility in California allows you to personally see how they are doing. You can take note of any changes that you notice – be it emotional, mental, or physical. Letting your loved ones know that you care.
Feelings of sadness and isolation are quite common for aging seniors – this is why it is vital that you continue visiting them regularly. While they might be aware that you love them, showing up in person to visit them can reinforce that.
Feelings of sadness and isolation are quite common for aging seniors – this is why it is vital that you continue visiting them regularly. While they might be aware that you love them, showing up in person to visit them can reinforce that. Keep them connected socially.
As mentioned above, social interaction is also important to help improve your aging loved one's quality of life. While they can interact with our other residents at Pacific Sunrise Home , interacting with a family member or a loved one can definitely boost their overall well-being even more.
Visiting your aging loved one in our residential care facility in California can help break up the monotony of their current routine – and more importantly, it helps them feel connected to the world around them. As much as possible, make your visits on a weekly or monthly basis and make sure to spend quality time with them.
For questions about our visiting policies, give us a call at 310-500-7223 or email us at pacificsunrisehome@gmail.com.
In a pickle
Food and drink Other phrases about:
What's the meaning of the phrase 'In a pickle'?
In a quandary or some other difficult position.
What's the origin of the phrase 'In a pickle'?
The earliest pickles were spicy sauces made to accompany meat dishes. Later, in the 16th century, the name pickle was also given to a mixture of spiced, salted vinegar that was used as a preservative. The word comes from the Dutch or Low German pekel, with the meaning of 'something piquant'. Later still, in the 17th century, the vegetables that were preserved, for example cucumbers and gherkins, also came to be called pickles.
The 'in trouble' meaning of 'in a pickle' was an allusion to being as disoriented and mixed up as the stewed vegetables that made up pickles. This was partway to being a literal allusion, as fanciful stories of the day related to hapless people who found themselves on the menu. The earliest known use of pickle in English contains such an citation. The Morte Arthure, circa 1440, relates the gory imagined ingredients of King Arthur's diet:
They soupes all this sesoun with seuen knaue childre, Choppid in a chargour of chalke-whytt syluer, With pekill & powdyre of precious spycez.
[He dines all season on seven rascal children, chopped, in a bowl of white silver, with pickle and precious spices]
The figurative version of the phrase, meaning simply 'in a fix' or, in the almost identical 19th century phrase 'in a stew', arrives during the next century. Thomas Tusser's Five Hundreth Pointes of Good Husbandrie, 1573, contains this useful advice:
Reape barlie with sickle, that lies in ill pickle.
Presumably, barley that wasn't in ill pickle, that is, the corn that was standing up straight, would be cut with the larger and more efficient scythe.
There are a few references to ill pickles and this pickle etc. in print in the late 16th century, and Shakespeare was one of the first to use in a pickle, in The Tempest, 1610:
ALONSO:
And Trinculo is reeling ripe: where should they
Find this grand liquor that hath gilded 'em?
How camest thou in this pickle? TRINCULO:
I have been in such a pickle since I
saw you last that, I fear me, will never out of
my bones: I shall not fear fly-blowing.
A return to the more literal interpretation of the phrase came about in the late 1700s. The Duke of Rutland had toured Britain and wrote up their experiences in a travelogue - Journal of a Tour to the Northern Parts of Great Britain, 1796. They were present at the disinterment of the 350 year-old body of Thomas Beaufort, which they claimed to have been pickled and 'as perfect as when living':
The corpse was done up in a pickle, and the face wrapped up in a sear cloth.
Just nine years later the most celebrated personage ever to have been literally in a pickle - Admiral Horatio Nelson, met their end, although some pedants might argue that, being preserved in brandy, they found themselves in more of a liquor than a pickle.
See other phrases and sayings from Shakespeare.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Saturday the central bank will deepen negative interest rates or expand asset purchases if external shocks hit the economy and make the need for further monetary easing “substantial.”
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda speaks to reporters at the Willard Intercontinental Hotel during the annual meetings of the IMF and World Bank Group in Washington, October 6, 2016. REUTERS/James Lawler Duggan
But Kuroda said they saw no immediate need to top up stimulus with the world's third-largest economy continuing a moderate recovery.
“The economy moves up and down and at this stage, we don't think it's necessary to further reduce” interest rates, Kuroda said at a seminar at Brookings Institution.
“But if there is a big shock and we need to further strengthen our monetary accommodation, we'll do more,” they said, stressing that the BOJ won't hesitate to deepen negative rates or expand its already massive asset purchases.
Kuroda said that while the BOJ did not target currency rates in guiding monetary policy, the central bank was monitoring yen moves carefully due to their impact on the economy.
Asked whether it caused problems for the BOJ for the yen to be sought as a safe-haven currency, Kuroda said: “It's not a serious problem, but a problem from time to time as it could result in excessive (yen) appreciation and disrupt markets.”
Sources have told Reuters the BOJ would deepen negative rates to thwart any sharp spikes in the yen, which it sees as an obstacle to stoking inflation and economic growth.
But analysts doubt how much ammunition the BOJ has left to counter external headwinds with negative rates hurting bank profits by pushing down their already thin margins.
SYNERGY, NOT HELICOPTER MONEY
Kuroda, who spoke after attending the annual International Monetary Fund meetings, said there will be no significant changes in the management of the central bank's balance sheet under its new framework.
The BOJ last month switched its policy target to interest rates from the pace of money printing, after years of massive asset purchases failed to jolt the economy out of decades of stagnation.
Under a new “yield curve control” (YCC) framework, the BOJ's main means for easing would be to deepen negative rates from the current minus 0.1 percent, or lower its new 10-year government bond yield target - now set at around zero percent.
Some analysts saw the move as laying the grounds for a future tapering of the BOJ's huge balance sheet.
Kuroda said while the BOJ will keep buying bonds at the current pace for now, it may reduce the amount “significantly” in the future as long as the yield target can be met.
The BOJ could also reduce the pace of bond buying if 10-year yields fall well below its target, they added.
“Even if the amount of our asset purchases declines or increases, that doesn't matter as long as we continue to control the yield curve as appropriate,” Kuroda said.
Kuroda played down the likelihood the BOJ would resort to what they called “helicopter money,” where the central bank directly finances government spending by underwriting bonds. But they stressed the benefits of close fiscal and monetary coordination to beat deflation.
“By continuing an extremely accommodative monetary policy, fiscal stimulus could be even more effective because we can avoid interest rate hikes” caused by increased fiscal spending financed by government debt, they said.
“This kind of synergy, or what you can call a policy mix, could be quite useful.”
The Miami Heat have filled up their roster with NBA journeymen for the upcoming season.
In the flurry of transactions that took place Sunday, there is one player that stands out from the rest — Willie Reed. Reed is a classic example of leaving college too early and consequently struggling to stay on NBA rosters while shuffling around in the D-League.
But that's all behind them now after they had their best season as a professional in Brooklyn last year. They earned a spot on the Brooklyn Nets' roster by performing extremely well in the D-League and on the Heat's summer league roster last year.
While playing for the Grand Rapids Drive and Iowa Energy, Reed averaged 16.4 points, 12.1 rebounds, 1.9 blocks and made it to the D-League All-Star Game. They continued their strong play into the summer for the Heat averaging 13.5 points, 7.8 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game. There were many reports that the Heat loved Reed's game last summer, but they did not pick them up for the roster, so Brooklyn signed them to a one-year, $500,000 deal.
Their time with Brooklyn is easy to overlook because statistically, they aren't blowing anyone away averaging just 4.7 points, 3.1 rebounds, and 0.8 blocks in 39 games, while shooting 57.1 percent from the field. But because of their limited role off the bench, they only played 10.9 minutes per game. Their per-36-minute numbers give us a better insight into the player they could become: 15.4 points, 10.3 rebounds, and 2.5 blocks per game. A player with that sort of potential is definitely an asset that could come off the bench to support Hassan Whiteside next season.
Obviously, this is a small sample size, but since Reed signed a two-year deal (with a player option after one year) with the Heat, they will be given ample opportunities to prove their merit. With the loss of three starters, the lineup and rotations are sure to be completely redesigned this year, giving Reed the chance they need to impress coach Erik Spoelstra. As someone who always emphasizes that importance of hard work, Spoelstra is sure to find that Reed embodies that trait and then some. Here is what former teammate Shane Larkin had to say about Reed:
“Willie is a really good dude,” Larkin said. “He's family oriented and has worked very hard to get to where they are now. Obviously we didn't have the best season and it could have been easy for anybody on the team to pack it up, but Willie was constantly working at the gym early and even after practice. They were always getting good work in. But I think the best thing about Willie that I can remember is them as a teammate.  They are always supporting the team. Whenever anybody makes a play – whether it is a steal, a charge, a three or a dunk – they are the first person to stand up and wave their towel in the air or do their signature three-point celebration. And on the court, they are a huge competitor and a very confident guy. They have great timing on help-side defense and they work very hard on the offensive glass. I'm happy they got their chance in the league this year and hopefully they can find themselves on another roster come next season.”
In an interview with Alex Kennedy of BasketballInsiders.com, Reed emphasized that they have improved every year he's been in the league.
“I think I took that next step and being in the NBA this past season, I think I took a huge step. I went from being a guy who was injured at the beginning of the season and wasn't really playing much to being a rotational guy. I think that me proving that I belong just shows that I'm making improvements and I think I could even take my game to another level,” said Reed.
The Kansas City native knows that being a two-way player is how you can earn minutes in the NBA, so being versatile enough to defend multiple positions is key.
“I think I'm a guy who can guard positions three through five. I think I'm a guy who can contain a guy or at least follow the scouting report enough to be able to see what teams need defensively and be efficient at it. I think that's my big thing,” said Reed.
Even though defense is their strong suit, Reed said they want to focus on developing their offensive game more. This summer they have been working out in Los Angeles and improving their post game has been a huge focus.
“I also want to add offense to my game and I think playing against Karl-Anthony Towns and Chris Bosh helped me. I think they allowed me to see offensively what it is that I need to go to and work on. Obviously, my game isn't going to be what their game is, but I think that if I can contribute by catching and avoiding the defense, making the extra pass and finishing in the post, I think that makes me a lot more valuable.”
While Bosh's return to the court is still uncertain, Reed could definitely learn from the knowledge and experience of the 11-time All-Star during this upcoming season.
Reed has shown that they can thrive in a high-paced offense like the Heat had in last year's summer league. Pat Riley and the front office added more athletic and younger wings in the last couple days. This will allow Spoelstra to turn Goran Dragic loose and play at the up-tempo pace they thrive in. If the Heat decide to play at the rate they ended last season at, Dragic could reach the level of their Phoenix days.
Since the Saint Louis University product definitely prefers to play the run-and-gun style offense that made the Heat most effective last year, they could see some early playing time.
“I think the biggest thing is trying to get on an up-and-down, faster-pace team. I think that I really excel in that. I've done well in that kind of system, especially in Summer League last year when I played on a fast-paced Miami team and I was able to succeed. I think the biggest thing for me is getting in a position like that, where the point guard pushes the basketball and we play at a fast pace. I really feed off of that, turning defense into offense. I think that's a big thing for me. I'm not really worried about the destination. I just want to make sure it fits me and gives me the best opportunity to succeed. I think that if I can do that, then I can really push and make a name for myself here in the league,” said Reed.
Throughout their long journey to finally make it in the NBA, the 6-foot-9 big man has had to overcome obstacles both on and off the court. They struggled to support their family while in the D-League so a huge burden was relieved when the Nets signed him. A couple months later, they suffered a torn ulnar collateral ligament in their right thumb in a preseason game against the Boston Celtics last year. Fighting their way back from injury and finally becoming a role player towards the end of the season, Reed has earned their spot in the NBA.
Incidentally, the Heat are one of the best teams in the league at developing talents that other teams have passed up on (see Whiteside). Spoelstra has earned the reputation of using the best of a player's skillset to allow them to flourish on the court. Reed is set to be the next player that goes through the Heat's developmental system. The last time the Heat picked up a big man bouncing around in the D-League they found a superstar. Who knows what they could get this time?
Comments
comments
Hackers are aiming for users of Google's Android mobile operating system with a malicious application that harvests personal information and sends it to a remote server.
The malware, which has been named "Geinimi," appears to be the first one that has botnet-like capabilities targeted at the Android platform, said Kevin Mahaffey, chief technology officer for Lookout Mobile Security, which develops mobile security software.
Geinimi appears to target Chinese-speaking users of Android, and Lookout was tipped off to Geinimi after a user wrote a post concerned about it on a forum, Mahaffey said.
Lookout researchers, which posted a writeup on Geinimi, have found that it has been wrapped into legitimate free and paid games for Android users with those games' developers unaware their applications are being used as a lure.
"We have been in touch with developers to let them know," Mahaffey said.
Those tampered applications are appearing on third-party web sites offering Android applications that have not been vetted for security. Some of those programs have appeared to be downloaded thousands of times.
The company is still analyzing Geinimi, and it isn't clear what its creators are aiming to do with a victim's phone. But several aspects of the malware have already raised concern.
The malware communicates with a central command-and-control server. The server can issue commands to a phone remotely, such as to download or uninstall software. The user of the Android phone is prompted and must approve either action, but it still raises concern, Mahaffey said.
"It might be a vector to install other potentially malicious applications," they said.
Geinimi also sends the Android device's location and other hardware identifiers, such as the device's International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number and SIM card information, to a remote server every five minutes. It can also send a list of the Android device's installed applications. The malware can contact up to 10 domain names that are used to upload the information to the remote server.
It is Geinimi's ability to contact multiple domains and obtain instructions from a command-and-control server that Lookout decided to say it has botnet-like capabilities, Mahaffey said.
Still, Geinimi has not revealed either a clear profit motive or decisive data-theft motivation, although Lookout is continuing its analysis. "It could be anything from a very invasive advertising network up to a full-blown attempt to create a botnet," Mahaffey said.
Tasmania's Police Commissioner charged
Updated
The Tasmanian Police Commissioner Jack Johnston is to contest allegations they passed on confidential police information to government ministers.
The 58-year-old was granted bail after being charged this morning with two counts of disclosing official secrets.
Jack Johnston pleaded not guilty to the charges during a brief appearance in the Magistrates Court in Hobart.
As they walked into the dock, the Commissioner smiled and waved to their family and friends sitting in the back of the courtroom.
Among those supporters was former Deputy Premier Max Bingham.
It is alleged that in April, Johnston disclosed official secrets by alerting the then Premier Paul Lennon about a police investigation involving the appointment of a new Solicitor General.
Johnston is also accused of forwarding a secret briefing document about that investigation to the state's Police Minister.
Johnston's lawyer David Gunson asked that the matter be adjourned until February when their client will appear in the Criminal Court in Hobart.
Topics: police, courts-and-trials, hobart-7000, tas
First posted
SHARE Archdiocese Bankruptcy The Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee, which faces more than a dozen civil fraud lawsuits over its handling of clergy sex abuse cases, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2011. As the case proceeds, we'll have updates, analysis, documents and more. Go to section
By of the
Nine Democratic lawmakers called on the state's attorney general Monday to investigate 8,000 alleged sex offenses and as many as 100 previously unidentified offenders an attorney says are described in documents filed in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee bankruptcy.
The nine sent a letter to Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen, calling the allegations, if true, "nothing short of a public safety crisis." And they asked them to investigate not just the alleged perpetrators, but anyone who may have concealed a sex crime against a child.
"We know that, left unchecked, child sexual predators will reoffend," said the letter signed by state Sens. Lena Taylor, Julie Lassa, Robert Jauch and Jessica King; and Reps. Sandy Pasch, Chris Taylor, Robert Turner, Terese Berceau and Kelda Helen Roys.
"The concealment of these offenses may already have facilitated hundreds of additional crimes against young people," they said.
Department of Justice spokesperson Dana Brueck said the agency would review the letter and respond to the legislators.
The Archdiocese of Milwaukee, which filed for bankruptcy protection because of its mounting sex abuse claims, has said that it turns over all allegations involving living perpetrators to the appropriate district attorneys' offices. In cases involving religious-order priests and nuns, it requires the order to report it or the archdiocese will do so.
Local bishops and key staff have been in Rome for a papal meeting and the elevation of former Milwaukee Archbishop Timothy Dolan to cardinal, and efforts to reach them and their attorneys were unsuccessful.
The advocacy group the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests welcomed the opportunity for an outside review.
"We absolutely support it. It's long overdue," said its Midwest director, Peter Isely.
"Our concern is that there could be offenders that could still be prosecuted."
In a hearing this month, attorney Jeffrey Anderson said claims filed in the bankruptcy detail about 8,000 sex acts involving children and identify 100 offenders who do not appear on the archdiocese's online list of 44 diocesan offender priests. It does not list religious-order priests and others it does not consider its own staff.
Anderson's assertion could not be independently verified because the vast majority of claims are sealed.
President speaks out in Delhi on importance of empowering women in India in wake of recent high-profile sexual attacks
Barack Obama challenged India's record on religious tolerance and women's rights on Tuesday in a parting speech to students in Delhi that contrasted with the at-times saccharin feel of a state visit designed to highlight the closeness of the two countries.
Though careful to acknowledge inequality in the US, the president devoted a substantial part of their speech to a lecture on the importance of empowering women in society and addressed a recent spate of sexual attacks in the emerging south Asian power.
“We know from experience that nations are more successful when their women are successful,” said Obama. “These are facts. So if nations really want to succeed in today's global economy, they can't simply ignore the talents of half of their people.”
“Every daughter deserves the same chance as our sons,” they added. “And every woman should be able to go about their day – to walk the street, or ride the bus – and be safe and be treated with the respect and dignity that they deserve.”
A series of high profile gang rapes and other attacks on women in India have prompted widespread public anger. But despite repeated promises by authorities to improve security for women, campaigners say the problem remains acute.
During their only public appearance of the trip without prime minster Narendra Modi by their side, Obama also promoted the rights of religious minorities in the predominantly Hindu country.
“The peace we seek in the world begins in human hearts; it finds its glorious expression when we look beyond any differences in religion or tribe and rejoice in the beauty of every soul,” said the president, who namechecked prominent Indian Muslims, Sikhs and sportswomen. “It's when all Indians, whatever your faith, go to the movies and applaud actors like Shah Rukh Khan. When you celebrate athletes like Milkha Singh, or Mary Kom,” they said.
Before becoming prime minister, Modi was previously denied a US visa following accusations they had stood by during, or even encouraged, sectarian violence in the western state of Gujarat in 2002, when they were chief minister. More than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed by rioters. The 64 year old former rightwing organiser has described themselves as a Hindu nationalist and been criticised for not being more vocal about religious pluralism since taking power.
“No society is immune from the darkest impulses of men,” said Obama. “India will succeed so long as it is not splintered along the lines of religious faith.”
A series of attempts by rightwing Hindu groups to hold mass conversion ceremonies has sparked controversy in recent months. Last week the hardline Vishnu Hindu Parishad group claimed to have “re-converted” more than 20 Christians in the southern state of Kerala. The organisations come from the same broad political family as Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party.
However, the US president also acknowledged signs of progress in Indian society, pointing to the symbolic choice of a woman military officer to lead the honour guard on their arrival and to Modi's humble background as a tea-seller as sign of how India has become more socially mobile.
Modi, a political outsider, comes from low down on the tenacious social hierarchy known as caste which still defines social status and determines opportunities for hundreds of millions of Indians.
Obama's own background as the first black US president helped soften their blunt message to India as they also highlighted the two country's shared history of colonialism and oppression. They referenced their grandfather's work as a cook in Kenya when it was under British control, and when Martin Luther King came to India to draw inspiration from Gandhi, they were introduced to some schoolchildren as a “fellow untouchable”.
“Even as we live in a world of wrenching inequities, we're also proud to live in countries where even the grandson of cook can become president, even a Dalit can help write a constitution, and even a tea-seller can become prime minister,” Obama said.
“Many countries, including America, grapple with complex questions of identity and inequality,” they added in their speech, delivered before 2,000 students and human rights activists as Siri Fort auditorium in Delhi.
“Right now, in crowded neighbourhoods not far from here, a man is driving an auto-rickshaw, or washing somebody else's clothes, or doing the hard work no one else will do. A woman is cleaning somebody else's house. A young man is on a bicycle delivering lunch. A little girl is hauling a heavy bucket of water. Their dreams, their hopes, are just as big and beautiful and worthy as ours.”
The speech prompted lively discussion on Indian television afterwards about whether it would be seen as a snub to Modi, but contrasted with more effusive coverage of earlier speeches and more trivial moments such as pictures of them chewing gum during Republic Day parade.
Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) How the Indian press refers to the new global Modi-Obama bromance: "MOBAMA" pic.twitter.com/eV0wXAlnsM
Siddarth Varadarajan, a Delhi-based analyst, said that the “very gentle hint” about religious inclusiveness from Obama sent an “important message”.
“He went about as far as any diplomatic visitor can go, and quoted the constitution, so how can anyone object to that. But it highlights the silence of the prime minister on this issue,” Varadarajan said.
Obama concluded by quoting Gandhi on India's traditions of tolerance: “He said, ‘for me, the different religions are beautiful flowers from the same garden, or they are branches of the same majestic tree'. Branches of the same majestic tree.”
Obama concluded by quoting Gandhi on India's traditions of tolerance: “He said, ‘for me, the different religions are beautiful flowers from the same garden, or they are branches of the same majestic tree'. Branches of the same majestic tree.”
Toronto's VELD Music Festival Brings Out deadmau5, Travis Scott, Chainsmokers
Published Mar 30, 2016
VELD Music Festival 2016 Teaser This summer join deadmau5, Martin Garrix, Kygo, Flume, The Chainsmokers, DVBBS, Travis Scott, Steve Aoki + many more July 30-31, 2016 at Downsview Park! Pre-sale begins Thursday, March 31st at 12pm EST.Sign up now: http://bit.ly/VeldPreSale Posted by VELD Music Festival Toronto on Tuesday, March 29, 2016
Toronto's VELD Music Festival makes its return this summer, and organizers have just announced the first wave of acts attached to the EDM event includes big-eared dance favourite deadmau5.BIlled as "Canada's largest electronic music festival," this year's VELD takes place July 30 and 31 at Toronto's Downsview Park. In addition to deadmau5, who headlined in 2015 as well, other acts being brought out this summer include cake tosser Steve Aoki,rapper Travis Scott, the Chainsmokers, Flume, Kygo, Martin Garrix, and DVBBS.More artist announcements are expected in the months to come.Pre-sale tickets go on sale tomorrow (March 31), while the general on-sale is this Friday (April 1). Tickets start at $129.50 plus service charges, with VIP options starting at $199.50. A six-ticket limit is being enforced.You'll find out more info about ticket options over here , while a trailer for this year's VELD Music Festival can be found below.
Public speaking isn't usually included as a required skill in a typical product manager job description. But it should be.
We've been trained to think of public speaking in only the narrowest sense: a professional standing on a stage or at the front of a large room, often behind a podium, delivering a speech to an audience.
But for product managers, public speaking can take many other forms. In this broader context, a product manager's job often requires public speaking — at product roadmap meetings, development meetings and daily scrums, sales meetings, executive stakeholder meetings, analyst briefings, product demonstrations to prospects, customer site visits, and many other settings.
Then there are all of the other public speaking opportunities designed to establish product managers and their companies as thought leaders in their industries. These include sitting on discussion panels at conferences, tradeshows and other events; hosting educational webinars on issues related to their products; and being interviewed by reporters or analysts as public representatives of their products and industries.
In fact, you can even think of a product manager as their product's chief public speaker.
Given how important public speaking is to a product manager's job, here are some tips and strategies to help you become a more effective public speaker — and, as a result, more effective as a product manager.
Speak with Authority — by Using Data
This tip will apply in virtually every situation where you have to speak to a group — whether you're running a development meeting to discuss features and product details, or delivering a high-level product roadmap overview to your executive stakeholders.
As a product manager, you have the data that support your decisions for which features your next product iteration should prioritize, how to adjust your pricing scheme, and what the best time will be to roll out your product for general availability. The data can take the form of quantitative metrics related to the product or qualitative data such as the results from customer interviews.
Using data to support your talk can give you two important advantages in persuading whatever audience or constituency you are speaking to. First, bringing relevant data into your discussion positions you as the authority on the topic. This credibility can help you overcome the barriers product managers often encounter when, for example, trying to convince executives to green-light to a new initiative, or when trying to persuade a sales team to agree to a new pricing structure for the product.
A second advantage of supporting your talk with data is that it signals to your audience that your suggestions and requirements are not simply your opinion but rather the result of real-world evidence. This will often give your constituencies more confidence in your decisions than if they believed those decisions were only the result of educated guesses.
Some product managers are reluctant to deliver presentations or run meetings based on statistics, charts or other data, because they worry that the material will be boring. This is a valid concern: A talk or meeting driven entirely or primarily by dry statistics can cause you to lose your audience to thoughts about what to have for lunch.
But you can find ways to include credibility-enhancing data points in your discussions without losing the room's attention or enthusiasm. The best way is to use your data points sparingly, and to build them around a lively, more interesting mechanism for delivering your talk.
Which leads to tip 2….
Build Your Talk Around Stories
Often the best way to structure a presentation or other public talk is to deliver it in story form. People respond to stories. They remember stories. Stories provide a convenient framework for a complex discussion, allowing you to quickly bring everyone in the room onto the same page in terms of the big picture, before you dive into any details.
To explain why this works, let's use a story.
Say you need to present your strategic plan for an overhaul of your site's e-commerce experience to your executive team. You'll need their buy-in before you can move forward and commit development and marketing resources to the project.
You could walk into your discussion with a slew of data to back up your argument that your online shopping page needs an overhaul. Your shopping experience currently takes 45 seconds longer than the average site selling a comparable product. Your e-commerce page has been rated among the lowest of its kind by third-party review sites. Your shopping-cart abandon rate is 23% higher than the industry norm. And on and on.
Some of your executives might even be persuaded — if the PowerPoint slides filled with charts and raw statistics don't send them deep into thought about lunch.
But now imagine that instead, you walk into your meeting and open with a story. It goes like this.
“Our new marketing campaign catches the attention of Kirk, our primary persona and ideal customer. They come to our site, spends a few minutes reading our blog… a few minutes more checking out our testimonials page, and then he….”
(Note: At this point, your executives are likely all listening intently, interested to know what happens next with Kirk. Not one of them is daydreaming or making mental lunch plans.)
“Finally, Kirk heads to the pricing section of our website. After a few minutes on that page, they click buy. Everything is working according to plan!
“Kirk selects the most expensive version of our product, inputs their credit card information… and then four minutes later abandons their shopping cart. They also ignore our follow-up asking if there's anything we can do to help them complete their purchase.
“What happened?”
Because you've introduced the discussion topic — your strategic plan to improve your site's e-commerce experience — using an engaging story, told from the point of a customer, your executives are now ready to listen to your evidence.
And because you've established the framework for your topic using a story that everyone in the room intuitively understood and related to, your evidence will carry far more weight with your stakeholders than if you had simply recited it without first putting it in context.
Be Flexible
Let's say you've built your new product roadmap and have scheduled a one-hour meeting with your sales and marketing teams to run through it.
You're planning to start the discussion at a high level, providing a strategic overview of the product's current position in the market and where you plan to take it with the new roadmap. Maybe you're even planning to open with a story. These are all smart public speaking strategies.
But a couple of sales executives who will be in the meeting tell you just beforehand that they'll need to cut it short. Now you'll have to deliver essentially the same talk in only 15 minutes, including Q&A.
Or assume one of the sales executives catches you in the hallway and asks you to pop into an empty conference room and quickly explain your thinking behind the new roadmap. In other words, in this instance you'll have to deliver the same talk in five minutes!
As a product manager, you might be called on to discuss your product vision at length, or in just a few minutes; to a technical audience, or to a non-technical sales rep. Part of the value you bring to your company is the ability to quickly and persuasively articulate that information under just about any conditions.
Keep Your Talks Positive
Enthusiasm is contagious. So is negativism. That means as a public speaker, you have more power than you might realize to influence your audience's perceptions and feelings about your topic.
One of a product manager's many roles is to serve as their product's chief evangelist. So it is important that when you speak about your product in any context, to any constituency, you remain positive, and focused on moving forward to achieve your strategic goals.
It's easy in a product roadmap meeting or a scrum meeting to be taken off track and discuss past development cycles, or dwell on what went wrong with a previous release and who's to blame. These detours almost never lead to any enthusiasm or positive feeling among the people whose hard work and dedication you will need to move the product forward.
Because you are the person driving these meetings, you can implement a culture that guides your teams to focus on the positive.
What's more, as the lead speaker in many of these settings, you always have complete control over what you say. Another trait of great public speakers is that they stay positive and forward-looking — and, leading by example, they encourage similarly positive feelings among their teams.
Conclusion: Public Speaking Ability is Essential to Effectiveness as a Product Manager
You might not have been asked about your public speaking ability in your interview for any product manager position you've ever applied for. And you might never have given much thought to the importance of honing this skill just as you would the ability to understand technical jargon or read a profit-and-loss statement.
But as you have probably found if you've spent any time in a product management role, it is difficult to make it through a week without having to do some form of public speaking — whether that means leading a meeting, presenting a product roadmap to one of your constituencies, or accompanying a sales rep to a customer site to talk about your product.
Public speaking is a vital tool in the arsenal of any product manager, not to mention an invaluable skill to have in any area of life. So there is plenty of upside — and no downside whatsoever — in devoting time and energy to becoming the best public speaker you can be.
Yesterday on the GM-Volt.com forum the general manager of Southern California-based Keyes Chevrolet posted it has received word it is getting 2017 Bolts and taking pre-orders.
“Initial allocation is 78; I have 35 deposits so that leaves 43 open slots,” wrote Rick Alpern on the forum of the EV with 238 miles range, starting at $37,495.
In a phone interview today, Alpern confirmed the Van Nuys dealer's computer terminal from Chevrolet shows the vehicles coming, and they hope to know more in a couple weeks.
A report of a Silicon Valley dealer also getting an initial allocation – or confirmation Bolts are in the pipeline – was made, and it's assumed others are now getting their allocations.
Alpern said they were told by their GM rep that for now only Oregon and California are getting the first wave, and they hope also to have vehicles to deliver by end of year.
Given this is an all-new model launch, timing remains unclear, and actual ordering of specific trim and options is not yet available.
Alpern said typically GM will want to ensure a new car is fully ready, and cited the original extended-range Volt which sat for 10 weeks initially while Chevrolet made sure all was good to go.
“I am hoping to be able to have inventory in by the end of the year,” said Alpern, adding they also hope it will be sooner but cannot promise anything at this point.
The pre-orders they are taking are at this stage for a place in line, and some customers have given Keyes a wish list, which Alpern said they will fulfill as they are able.
What Chevrolet's plans for the rest of the country are is unclear, timing-wise, but the automaker has said the Bolt will be a 50-state car, and that it is “not a compliance car.”
In fact, 78 units promised is a large allocation, and Alpern said when their dealership – which is among the top five in California – got its first Volt allocation for 2011, they only got three.
Allocations are given according to sales volume patterns, and since this is a major dealer, it is getting a sizable first promise of inventory – and not for nothing, as the dealer reports only 43 out of 78 are left after just couple days or so.
“We're very excited and enthusiastic to have that product,” said Alpern speaking of the high range. “Two hundred and thirty eight [miles], you know as a general manager I'm pretty darned enthusiastic.”
Brownie-Filled Chewy Chips Ahoy cookies, a new dessert snack from Nabisco, have an identity crisis. Are they cookies or brownies? They're the best of both worlds, or the worst, depending on who you ask.
The blogger over at Junk Food Guy was over-the-moon about the cookie, calling it a "home run for Chewy Chips Ahoy!" Brand Eating wasn't as complimentary, dismissing it as "basically a standard Chips Ahoy cookie with an added cocoa flavor."
At HuffPost HQ, editors agreed that the brownie filling was grainy where an ideal brownie should be smooth. They also noted a slight artificial flavor.
"Give me homemade or give me nothing. This had a weird chemical taste to me," said one editor. Others had faint praise, calling the cookies "not offensive" and "totally edible, but not at all enjoyable."
Some of us chalk up this trend to market forces, to the evolution of information technology, to television, radio, and the Internet. At the long-since-departed Baltimore News-American, where I worked before being hired at The Inquirer, we used to joke that people didn't read our newspaper, they played it. The paper was full of number and word games, along with sports scores, racetrack results, TV listings, comics, want ads, and advertisements with clippable coupons. One by one, these multifarious reasons why people used to buy newspapers have been cherry-picked by newer media; that includes the paper's most basic offering—breaking news, whose headlines are now available on most cell phones. Declining circulation means declining advertising, which means declining revenues, so corporate managers face a tougher and tougher challenge maintaining the high profit margins that attracted investors 30 years ago. These are just facts, and different people and organizations have handled them with different measures of grace and understanding.
But to Simon, this complex process became personal, boiling down to corporate greed and the “soullessness” of Marimow and Carroll. It's an honest opinion, but arguably unfair, flavored by personal bitterness and animosity. (Simon told a writer from American Journalism Review that they were angered by the paper's unwillingness to grant them a raise after they returned from a leave of absence in 1995—he was writing The Corner—and they took a buyout six months later.) Given their vindictive strain, their talent for character and drama, and the national TV show at their disposal, such an opinion is also a combustible one.
I should note here that it isn't hard to join Simon's enemies list; I did it myself while writing this essay. I first contacted Simon several years ago, as a fan of their show and as a screenwriter and aspiring producer interested in learning more about them and how he'd created it. They were friendly and helpful, and I remain grateful. Then in 2006 after the fourth season of The Wire had aired, I decided to write a tribute to Simon and their show. I contacted them by e-mail to see about renewing our conversation on different terms, and they consented. They asked me to avoid writing about their personal life, and I agreed. I was determined, as well, to avoid discussing their dispute with Marimow and Carroll, since I liked and admired both parties, and was disinclined to choose sides.
When I discovered, after my last conversation with Simon, that the final season of the show would be based on their experiences at The Sun, I felt compelled to describe the dispute, but I resolved to characterize it without entering it. To avoid exploiting anything that had passed informally between us on the subject, I relied on Simon's ample public commentary to explain their feelings, and then, realizing that the essay had strayed in an unanticipated direction, showed them an early draft to solicit correction and criticism. I got it. The draft provoked a series of angry, long-winded accusations, which would have remained private had they not taken their complaints to TheAtlantic's editor, in an angry letter impugning my motives in contacting them originally, and characterizing all our interactions as my attempt to win their confidence in order to skewer them on behalf of my friends. I could see myself morphing into a character in their show.
Simon has already given Marimow's name to a character in The Wire, a repellent police-department toady who, in the hilarious words of the show's Sergeant Jay Landsman, “doesn't cast off talent lightly, they heave it away with great force.” But this was just a minor swipe: the final season of The Wire will offer Simon the chance to take on their old enemies from The Sun directly. An article that appeared in the October 2000 issue of Brill's Content hinted at the tack they may take and went to the core of what they say are their objections to the pair. It featured Simon, then five years removed from the paper and well into their enormously successful second career, making the case that a widely respected Sun reporter, protected by Carroll and Marimow, was making up stories and distorting the truth in a hell-bent effort to turn a series on lead-paint poisoning into a competitive Pulitzer submission. Simon felt the editors purposefully ignored the misgivings of some of the newspaper's veteran reporters in an effort to bolster their new star. To the editors, it was a case of an aggressive reporter who had made a few mistakes in pursuit of an important story. To Simon, it was an example of all that was wrong with the remade newspaper, and a reminder of the clash over journalistic values that had led them to quit in the first place. In their mind, The Sun had also abandoned its mission to really cover Baltimore, and was now fiddling while the city burned. Instead of exploring the root causes of the city's intractable problems—drug abuse and the government's unenforceable “war” against it, racism, poverty, rampant Big Capitalism, etc.—the newspaper was engaged in a largely self-congratulatory crusade to right a minor wrong.
Lots of dogs, at least in fable and the funnies, carry the name Fido, a testament to canine faithfulness. But the police dog that ran away on Friday was named Bronco, possibly suggesting a streak of independence.
Bronco, who is employed by the Loudoun County sheriff's office, “escaped from the groomers” in Leesburg Friday afternoon, the sheriff's office said.
They asked for the public's aid in locating the dog.
Bronco was described as an 80- to 85-pound dark sable German Shepherd.
The dog was last seen in the area of King Street and Catoctin Circle and may have traveled south of this area, the sheriff's office said.
.Anyone spotting Bronco was asked to call the Loudoun County Sheriff's Office at 703-777-1021.
It was not immediately clear how Bronco escaped or why.
The leaders of Venezuela and Nicaragua said late Friday that they would be willing to grant asylum to National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden, according to reports.
ADVERTISEMENT
“#BREAKING Nicaragua's president says he's willing to give Edward #Snowden asylum,” Agence France-Presse tweeted.
Reuters reported that Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega said during a speech in Managua that they could accept the bid "if circumstances permit."
"As head of state and government of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, I have decided to offer U.S. humanitarian asylum to young Snowden," President Nicolas Maduro said in Caracas, according to Venezuela's state news agency, AVN.
Maduro made the offer to Snowden to "protect from persecution unleashed the most powerful empire in the world, against a young man who has done is tell the truth," AVN reported.
Earlier Friday, WikiLeaks, the group that is helping the former contractor, tweeted that Snowden had applied for asylum in six additional countries. WikiLeaks originally said Snowden had applied for asylum in 21 countries.
WikiLeaks said it would not name the new countries where Snowden requested asylum “due to attempted U.S. interference.”
On Tuesday, the plane carrying Bolivian President Evo Morales was forced to land in Austria and was searched. The 12-hour delay followed rumors that the plane might be carrying Snowden. Morales was traveling back to Bolivia from Moscow, and Bolivia was viewed as one of the countries that might be willing to grant Snowden's asylum request.
Some of the United States' closest allies in Latin America lashed out at the U.S. after that incident.
Snowden's options for leaving the transit zone in a Moscow airport, where they have allegedly been stuck since traveling to Russia from Hong Kong last month, had dwindled, as most countries either rejected the asylum request or said Snowden would have to be on their soil to make the request.
--This report was first published at 7:34 p.m. and last updated at 8:25 p.m.
The tentative deal to reauthorize the FDA's ability to collect user fees could be a boon to many healthcare companies by providing more certainty and efficiency in the product-approval process, healthcare and legal experts said.
The bipartisan leaders of the Senate's and U.S. House of Representatives' health committees released a draft of the bipartisan Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act Friday that would reauthorize the FDA's four user-fee agreements that renew the agency's authority to collect user fees from the makers of prescription brand drugs, medical devices, generic drugs and biosimilars, and several crucial programs at the FDA.
The draft calls for more than $400 million in new user fees for the first year that would allow the FDA to hire more staff and speed up approvals, which could help healthcare companies streamline operations, supporters argue. Yet, critics claim that the rising fees disproportionately affect smaller companies that cannot accommodate the fee hike.
Greg Cauchon, a former research scientist at Amgen who now runs the Thousand Oaks, Calif.-based biotech incubator Ventura BioCenter, would rather see the user fees removed to create a level playing field, they said.
The fees "merely act to entrench the larger firms at the expense of smaller ones while providing the paying companies with undue regulatory influence," Cauchon said. "If regulating the nation's drug supply is important enough for the federal government to do it they should be able to fund it properly."
The agency will have to lay off more than 5,000 employees if the agreements are not reauthorized before the end of September. A reauthorization delay also would postpone the review of many drugs and devices.
In their proposed 2018 budget, President Donald Trump planned to double the $1 billion in revenue the fees generate and lower the FDA's budget. Trump vowed to reform the FDA and its "slow and burdensome" approval process, they said.
But that approval process isn't nearly as slow as Trump claims, according to the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation. The think tank said in its February report that the FDA considers drug applications quicker than its peer agencies such as the European Medicines Agency, thanks in large part to the prescription drug user-fee agreement.
"Others look to (the FDA) as the gold standard for regulatory decisionmaking. I think that will continue," said Stewart Lyman, who owns Lyman BioPharma Consulting. "Whenever you can introduce more certainty, that's a good thing."
The user-fee programs make up a significant chunk of the agency's budget. They accounted for 70% of the brand-drug review budget, 36% of the medical-device review budget, 75% of the generic-drug review budget, and 29% of the biosimilar review budget for fiscal 2016.
The base user-fee amount for prescription drugs would increase from $718.7 million in fiscal 2017 to $878.6 million in 2018. The agreement restructures the fees to reduce the administrative burden and make funding more predictable. It also changes the fee structure from one-third facility fees, one-third application fees and one-third product fees to 20% application fees and 80% program fees for approved products.
Ultimately, the drug user fees will improve the efficiency and predictability to the agency's review process, meaning doctors and patients will be able to access treatments sooner, said Scott Whitaker, president and CEO of the Advanced Medical Technology Association, which represents devicemakers. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America echoed that sentiment.
The approval time frame changes will help reduce the FDA's extensive backlog, said David Rosen, a former FDA official and current head of the FDA Regulatory practice group at law firm Foley & Lardner. Yet, they hope that the fee hikes do not prevent companies from submitting new products, Rosen said.
Device user fees would rise from $130.2 million in 2017 to $183 million in 2018 and eventually to $213.7 million in 2022. The agreement allows fees to be collected for "de novo" devices, or ones that don't pose high risk of injury to users. It also establishes a new pilot program that gives the FDA the authority to audit and certify labs that conduct device testing to a recognized standard.
Generic-drug user fees would jump from $299 million in 2017 to $493.6 million in 2018. A new fee structure provides more predictability for the FDA and flexibility for small business, according to the agreement. Fees would also scale to the number of applications a company submits, which is an important element, Rosen said.
For the first time, an independent fee structure will be implemented for biosimilars. Biosimilar user fees would increase from $20 million in 2017 to $45 million in 2018.
Rosen would've liked to see a provision regarding drug shortages. Certain drug-review processes should be expedited when there is a shortage, they said.
Ultimately, Rosen hopes that communication improves between the agency and healthcare companies.
"It is difficult to communicate with the FDA and receive guidance," Rosen said. "There needs to be some better mechanism that ensures the agency responds in a timely manner."
After ages of interstellar imperialism, a race of humanoid bugs finds themselves defeated and scattered to the brink of extinction. We follow a young queen and their weathered protector as they attempt to peacefully obtain the souls their colony's eggs require for reincarnation if their species is to survive.
PURCHASE DIGITALLY NOW
THE FULL METAMORPHOSIS // $7.99
Get all four issues now, and save!
Click to Buy THE FULL METAMORPHISIS
PRAISE FOR COLONIAL SOULS
"This is a deep, enjoyable story with so many aspects and thoughts running through it you have to applaud the creative team."
— Michael Nimmo, 3 Million Years
"It subverts expectations every time there is an expectation to subvert."
— Chris Sims, War Rocket Ajax
"...a science fiction comic book in its finest form."
— Daniel Stransky, Confessions of a Jersey Geek
"Super f***ing stylized, the writing's awesome, the interaction between these two characters is f***ing funny... I f***ing love this... if Image were to put something like this out I would be f***ing reading it every single month, the first thing I read. Nothing like this is coming out."
— The Death of Comics Podcast
PHASE ONE: EGG // $2.49
Which came first-- the beginning or the end? Once mighty conquerors, a race of reincarnating bugs found themselves nearly blown out of universe by the many enemies whose very souls they had murderously stolen. A new Queen looks to save their race by attempting a new and dangerous tactic to provide them with the souls they will need if their people are to last another day... let alone for another generation.
Click to Buy PHASE ONE: EGG
Check out a preview of pages on Graphic Policy.
PHASE TWO: LARVA // $2.49
Out in the open and unprotected, the bug Queen and their guardian continue to track down souls for their ever-expanding family despite unceasing threats. As old enemies begin to track them across the stars, the only hope for the bugs may be a pair of ghoul exterminators.
Click to Buy PHASE TWO: LARVA
Preview pages on Comicosity.
PHASE THREE: PUPA // $2.49
After resting in the comfort of the current hive, the Queen and their warrior protector decide that the greatest potential for maternal souls might be in the most obviously haunted of locations: the ruins of their previous empire.
Click to Buy PHASE THREE: PUPA
Preview pages here.
PHASE FOUR: ADULT // $2.49
Eggs hatch into larvae. Larvae harden into pupae. And pupae hatch once more. What will the Queen learn from this cycle? See for yourself in the final issue of Colonial Souls.
Click to Buy PHASE FOUR: ADULT
A government watchdog's new report takes the FBI to task for violating its own policies by continuing to work with the Muslim Brotherhood's front group in the United States, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR).
The report came as CAIR issued a new report denouncing the so-called "Islamophobia" of the Fox News Channel, Rush Limbaugh, Mark Levin, David the Horowitz Freedom Center, and others who dare to engage in an honest discussion of Islam and the politics surrounding it. Islamophobia is a concept invented to intimidate critics of Islam and Islamic jihad by implying that any and all criticism of the Muslim religion is animated by bigotry or ethnic animus. CAIR has urged Muslims not to cooperate with the FBI, which it characterizes as corrupt.
The report from the Justice Department's inspector general faults FBI headquarters for repeatedly providing its field offices with conflicting information and pinpoints five examples in which FBI field office special agents-in-charge ignored or deliberately defied FBI policy.
Five years ago the FBI was directed to end its working partnership with CAIR that was part of the agency's gooey, politically correct public relations effort in Muslim communities in the United States. The ban on contact with CAIR applies only to outreach efforts. The FBI continues its normal investigatory work, looking into criminal and civil rights complaints involving Muslims and working with any organizations to which they may belong.
FBI field office resistance to the policy goes back to late 2008.
"[W]e will decide how our relationship is operated and maintained with CAIR barring some additional instruction from FBI Headquarters," wrote the head of the FBI's field office in Los Angeles. "Please instruct your folks at this time that [we] are not to abide by the … [policy] but that their direction in regards to CAIR will come from the LA Field Office front office."
Congressman Frank Wolf (R-Va.). blasted the FBI for its behavior.
These violations of the contact ban with CAIR are "intolerable," Wolf wrote in a letter to new FBI Director James Comey. They demanded that those responsible be punished and be "separat[ed] from the FBI," the Investigative Project on Terrorism reports.
When Wolf howls, the FBI listens. They chair the House Appropriations Committee's subcommittee in charge of the FBI's budget. The investigation looked only at incidents in the FBI's field offices in Chicago, Philadelphia and New Haven, Conn., in 2010, 2011, and 2012, so there may be many more that have yet to be uncovered.
Referring to the Los Angeles incident, Wolf criticized the "unacceptable and insubordinate behavior from a senior leader of the FBI."
"Despite repeated efforts to communicate the policy to the field," they wrote, "this was undermined by conflicting guidance being inexplicably offered by the bureau's Office of Public Affairs as well as outright violations from several field offices."
The damning report was posted on the website of the Office of the Inspector General for the Department of Justice yesterday and then abruptly taken down. Sources say the OIG's office said there was a technical problem. A few hours later, the report itself and an executive summary resurfaced on the DoJ Inspector General's website.
While the FBI downplayed the findings of the report in its official reply to the OIG, the agency acknowledged its offices made mistakes and promised to do better.
"We note that the five incidents you reviewed are but a small fraction of the FBI's outreach efforts with the Muslim community over the past five years," Nancy McNamara, assistant director of the FBI's inspection division, wrote in a Sept. 17 letter to DoJ Inspector General Michael E. Horowitz that was obtained by FrontPage Magazine.
"Outreach to the Muslim community remains critical to the FBI's mission," McNamara writes. "Accordingly, we will ensure our guidance on CAIR liaison is quickly updated and clarified. In that regard, the FBI agrees with your recommendations and has already taken steps to implement remedial actions."
CAIR has been a shady operation from its creation nearly 20 years ago.
CAIR, a U.S. Muslim Brotherhood entity, is the Islamofascist organization in the United States most favored by leftists, Islamist fellow-travelers, dupes, and useful idiots. It has enjoyed remarkable success in infiltrating the American political establishment.
CAIR applauded CIA director John Brennan and President Obama for following its recommendations by avoiding the perfectly useful word Islamist. “Islamist is a stealth slur,” according to CAIR. “It exists as a piece of coded language.”
CAIR poses as a civil rights organization in order to immunize itself from criticism. "We are similar to a muslim NAACP," says CAIR spokesperson Ibrahim Hooper.
On more than one occasion CAIR has been compared to the German American Bund, a U.S.-based organization created to promote a favorable view of Nazi Germany. The Bund, like CAIR, was created with the assistance of unfriendly foreign powers.
CAIR was founded in 1994 by Nihad Awad and Omar Ahmad, both of whom worked for a pro-Palestine group established by senior Hamas operative Mousa Abu Marzook, and functioned as Hamas' public relations and recruitment arm in the United States.
"[U]ntil we can resolve whether there continues to be a connection between CAIR or its executives and HAMAS," wrote an FBI official in 2009, "the FBI does not view CAIR as an appropriate liaison partner."
This latest development in the CAIR saga comes after a senior Muslim Brotherhood official who is also a member of the Clinton family's political network was arrested in Egypt in an ongoing roundup of seditious Islamist militants. Charged with inciting violence, Gehad el-Haddad worked for the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation from mid-2007 to mid-2012.
Gehad, incidentally, is the Egyptian version of the Arabic word Jihad.
Freedom Center pamphlets now available on Kindle: Click here.
Google launches Pixelbook hybrid notebook for $ 1,000:
Google announces too much on 4/10 yesterday, the day is full of announcement by the company about its new upcoming products in market, and during in US event of launching product Google launched Pixel-Book Hybrid Notebook for just $ 1000. This product is top line of chromebook, well its run Chrome OS but with cutting-edge configuration which include Intel 7th generation Core i5 processor with 8GB of RAM and 128 GB of internal SSD storage.
Comes with 12.3 inches of HD display with 3:2 aspect ratio which can turn tablet when turned upside down, stylus pen holder also in the package of new Notebook which called Pixel book pen but it will sell separately according to company with cost of $ 100.
It is expected that the cost of new notebook will reach p to $ 1,650 in US which may depend upon the setting of product; company will start selling in US on Oct 31.
For more updates follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Tumbler
An Afternoon at Queequeg's
A Giant Hawk Adventures short
“In the world of Poptropica, the most beloved and admirable profession one can achieve is that of the professional adventurer – one who explores the world daily, saving it whenever needed. Likewise, there is no adventuring organization more highly decorated than the Bureau of Heroic Poptropicans. All of us Poptropicans owe our highest of graditudes to the BHP, and its eight skilled leaders; Slanted Fish, Brave Trinity, Meridian Sinker, Slippery Raptor, Spotted Dragon, Tough Icicle, Lone Ring, and Yellow Sword.
This has been your humble reporter, Giant Hawk, signing off for the last time. Thank you for everything you all have done, and for allowing me to update and inform you this past year.”
I breathed a sigh of relief upon seeing the camera's red light go off, because with it went my career as a small-time reporter and unprofessional explorer. Not that I hated it or anything, but because I could finally prepare for tomorrow.
“Alright Giant Hawk,” declared my cameraman, “Everything is airing as we speak.”
With one look at their melancholy face, I could tell the poor guy was going to miss me – but I also knew they thought themselves too tough to admit it. With a smile, I told the Cameraman to come in for a goodbye hug, to which they accepted.
“Good luck with your big interview tomorrow. Knowing you, you'll pass it with flying colors,” my cameraman assured me, holding back a tear.
Releasing them from my grip, I gave them a simple “thanks, buddy.”
For a moment, there was silence. Then, clearing their throat and adjusting their posture, the Cameraman asked me to help them load up the news truck. I did so, and after finishing, I asked him, “Could you drive me home?”
“Well, of course! I can't have you missing your meet-up with your lady friend,” they replied with a wink. “You've still gotta change, don't ya?
Despite being in the middle of buckling my seat belt, I found myself frozen in place. I couldn't believe it! In my excitement, I had completely forgotten!
“Well don't just sit there making your jokes, we've got to get going!” I practically exclaimed after my shock wore off.
Grinning, the Cameraman sped off, driving like a maniac. And after a solid seven minutes of gripping for dear life, I discovered that we were parking in front of my apartment building.
I slowly climbed out of the vehicle, still a bit shaky. As I closed the door, I remembered what the Cameraman had implied earlier and stated simply, “And she's not my girlfriend.”
“Oh, I know,” the Cameraman slyly answered, “I just couldn't help myself.”
I rolled my eyes, before watching the man rocket off again. Before deciding to head inside, I marveled, “How is their driving still legal?”
Nonetheless, I raced down the corridors of the building, and finally located room 11299, my quaint little home. I busted out my key, slipped inside, and prepared to change. I mean, I was still wearing my black-and-forest-green suit. Definitely not the appropriate attire for my rendezvous with Nice Seal.
Slipping into a comfortable sweater top and black jeans, I was finally ready. I strolled out of my apartment, and headed down the street to the local Queequeg's Coffeehouse – Nice Seal's favorite spot. After all, they always are a big lover of its low-caffeine coffee and calm atmosphere.
Opening the door, I spotted Nice Seal, sitting in their favorite spot next to the establishment's TV in the corner.
Ah, Nice Seal. They and I had been the best of friends since childhood. Sure, there was my other closest childhood friend, Yellow Sword, but they had moved away during our teens, leaving just me and Nice Seal. Hence, they and I grew up together, and it couldn't have been better.
Nice Seal was like me, in the respect that we both loved adventure. However, they were always less sociable than me, and despite their charming, sarcastic sense of humor, they didn't have very many friends. In fact, I was really their only good friend now, and they definitely knew it. The two of us did a lot together, but our favorite thing to do was just sitting back and having a conversation. And the place that we hung out at the most had to be our local Queequeg's.
Sauntering into the establishment, I walked over to the seat next to Nice Seal. As I did, I watched as their face lit up, forming an undeniable grin. I eyes, too, gave off a certain shimmer that told you ‘I am so glad to see you again'.
“Sorry for being late,” I expressed regrettably, “I was just filming my final report.”
“Oh, I know. I was watching you on TV,” Nice Seal said, pointing to the screen above them
The TV, while not featuring my report anymore, was still showing news. It's suddenly flickering over to a commercial break, however, poignantly starting with an advertisement for the BHP.
“So, are you excited for tomorrow?” asked Nice Seal.
“Heck yes!” I replied. “I can't wait for the big interview!”
“Oh, I can tell,” Nice Seal noted. “It's all you've been able to talk about for the past two weeks.”
“Well, can you blame me? This could be my big chance to become a professional adventurer!” an eager me responded. “Just think about it. I could finally do what I've wanted to ever since we were kids.”
Chuckling, Nice Seal said, “That reminds me of the time our class took a field trip to the BHP headquarters.”
“I remember that! Man, 10-year-old me almost fainted when Hyper Ice Sr. came to talk to our class,” I reminisced.
“I'm pretty sure you weren't the only one. Yellow Sword was squealing with excitement,” Nice Seal reminded me.
“Yeah. We were both so ecstatic that we were meeting one of the BHP's top adventurers. And now… Yellow Sword is one of them.”
“It really is a small world, isn't it?”
I chuckled, and after a moment of awkward silence, my smile began to fade.
“Yeah – it's a small world all right…” I sighed, “Say, Nice Seal? On the chance that I'll see Yellow Sword tomorrow, do you think he'll recognize me?”
Nice Seal contemplated for a second before replying. “Well, it's definitely possible. But I can't really be sure. After all, you two haven't seen each other for years and years now.”
“True, true.”
Once again, an awkward silence floated about the table at the corner of the coffeehouse establishment.
“Alright, Giant Hawk, come on. Don't drag yourself down now,” Nice Seal urged. “You're still going to do great tomorrow. I can tell.”
A small grin returned to my face. “Come on, Nice Seal. You're just saying that,” I repudiated.
“Oh, sure I am.” Nice Seal responded sarcastically, “Well, just you wait. Tomorrow is going to be the best thing to ever happen to you!”
–
To be continued in Early Poptropica, chapter 1: ‘The Hero's Audition'…
Advertisements
The first Broadwell processors from Intel may well have been rather heavily delayed, but we've tested the new 14nm Core M CPUs and they some of the most impressive mobile silicon we've ever seen.
The 6W TDP Broadwell tablet we've got sat in front of us is more than capable of consistently besting a Surface Pro 3 in the performance benchmark stakes - as well as in power, thermals and volume tests too.
Microsoft must be cursing the delays that stopped it from being able to use these powerful processors in its latest top end tablet device.
We met up with Intel's performance benchmarking team at this year's Intel Developer Forum and were whisked up to a suite over-looking sun-bleached San Francisco for some playtime with its Llama Mountain reference tablet.
Inside is one of the first top-end 14nm Broadwell mobile chips, the teeny-tiny Core M 5Y70. It's a dual-core, quad-thread, processor rocking the latest Core architecture, but able to squeeze into a thermal design envelope of generally just 4.5W.
We say generally because the Core M CPUs are all capable of three different design points - either the standard 4.5W, a 'down-config' of 3W or an 'up-config' of 6W. The actual device manufacturers are the ones to decide what their products run at.
'Right now the OEM has control over that,' explained Intel's ingénieur extraordinaire, Francois Piednoel. 'But there is nothing to stop them from making the software to change that.'
The 3W 'down-config' mode is all about extending battery life and the 6W 'up-config' is all about max performance if the manufacturer's thermal design can cope with it.
But that's not the full story.
The TDP is an average thermal design over a given time, not the maximum Wattage a given Core M system will hit. Intel contends that it's more efficient to hit peak performance as fast as possible with higher power and steam through a processing task, than ramp up slowly and take your time.
'One of the strengths of Core M,' we were told, 'is we have found ways to ramp very quickly from 500MHz to 2.6GHz, and that gives us awesome responsiveness.'
The way Intel does this is to briefly spike the CPU up to 15W for a couple of microseconds in order for it to hit its top Turbo speed as quickly as possible.
'If I want to raise my voltage very fast and I want to go from 500MHz to 2.6GHz,' explained Piednoel. 'I better crank up the wattage just for a few micro-seconds just to get my voltage up. If you measure very closely you will see a peak, but that's not the TDP.'
Intel showed us three different thermal designs based on its Llama Mountain reference tablet: each replacing the backplate with either a full aluminium design, an aluminium with gold plating and a final one with an incredibly heavy copper backplate ('because we wanted to kill a fly with a hammer,' explained Piednoel). Each design effectively turned the rear of the tablet into a huge heatsink.
All the extra engineering work went into trying to make a design to get the most out of the new Core M, without having to throw a fan into the mix.
'We went gold, we went copper,' said Piednoel. 'And without coming out of the spec of Core M we got the same result on all of them. So you don't need to go crazy cooling to get the best performance on Core M. You just need the usual tablet design and you're good to go.'
Democrats and their media friends are expressing their outrage over President Trump's Monday appearance before the Boy Scouts of America's National Jamboree.
The POTUS was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd of around 40,000 when they walked onstage at the event held at the Summit Bechtel Reserve in West Virginia.
Trump gave a rousing speech and drew the ire of liberals when they spoke of politics and had the crowd boo former President Barack Obama who chose to shun the rally during their time in office.
It didn't take long until the whackos on the left dredged up their beloved Hitler comparisons that are so often used in their attacks on Trump in the absence of legitimate arguments.
Former Obama aide Jon Wolfsthal compared the Boy Scouts to the Hitler Youth in a tweet that they may already be regretting:
Is nothing safe? @realDonaldTrump turns @boyscouts event into Nazi Youth rally. Boy Scouts must repudiate such a disgraceful display. — Jon (((Wolfsthal))) (@JBWolfsthal) July 25, 2017
Tubby multi-millionaire hypocrite and leader of the so-called Resistance Michael Moore also made the linkage to the Nazis:
I'm an Eagle Scout. Trump using the 30,000 BoyScouts as their props tonight was a scene out of Triumph of the Will. Shocking abuse of children — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) July 25, 2017
NBC's insipid presstitute Chuck Todd also cried foul:
Please @POTUS don't put the Boy Scouts in this situation. Keep politics out of the Jamboree. What a mess. Totally unfair to these kids https://t.co/lW7rwtF612 — Chuck Todd (@chucktodd) July 24, 2017
And pathological Trump hating Connecticut Democratic Party Senator Chris Murphy blasted the rally although they chose to eschew the comparison to Nazi Germany.
As a Scout leader, my stomach is in knots about what Trump did today. If you haven't watched it yet, don't. It's downright icky. — Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) July 25, 2017
Senator Murphy may find the President of the United States leading a patriotic rally before the Boy Scouts to be political and “icky” but the Democrats were singing a different tune when it came to the homosexual agenda and the forced indoctrination of the BSA under Obama.
The Boy Scouts were even bullied into accepting transvestite freaks into their ranks.
The left never has a problem with their own politics of perversion and America-hating brainwashing being forced upon impressionable young people but God forbid that a sitting president like Trump dares to give a patriotic speech.
The pressure has already resulted in the Boy Scouts having to issue a statement after President Trump's speech, a sign that creeping leftist totalitarianism has beaten even traditionally American organizations into a state of meekness and submission.
New York Times house racist is leading the call to rebuke the Boy Scouts:
The kids may well be victims, but the people who run the Boy Scouts are grown ass men. They owe it to those kids to rebuke this. https://t.co/umabSrJFTJ — Charles M. Blow (@CharlesMBlow) July 25, 2017
If the left didn't have Trump hatred, they'd have nothing at all.
WATCH THE SPEECH HERE:
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWfg4ZtmS5g]
SAN FRANCISCO Lawyers overseeing the terms of a settlement stemming from a decade-old Oakland police corruption scandal filed a motion Thursday requesting that the federal government take over the embattled department.
Attorneys John Burris and Jim Chanin filed the motion in U.S. District Court in San Francisco asking Judge Thelton Henderson for a federal receiver to oversee the department. They argued Oakland city officials and the police have chronically failed to meet reforms they agreed to after a 2003 lawsuit claimed brutality and other allegations.
The settlement initially called for the reforms to be completed within five years. But the lawyers said high-ranking city officials have thwarted those efforts.
"Despite empty promises by three City Administrators, four Police Chiefs, and the City's inside and outside counsel ... compliance with important reforms has failed," the motion said.
Chanin said the motion does not seek federal supervision of some day-to-day operations of the police department, such as crime fighting and the number of deployed officers, CBS San Francisco reported.
But the attorney said the motion seeks the appointment of a federal monitor, who would oversee areas which Chanin said have yet to comply with the court settlement. Those areas include internal affairs investigations, racial profiling and the use of force.
The lawsuit stemmed from a scandal in which several rogue officers were charged with beating or framing drug suspects in 2000 along with other claims that resulted in nearly $11 million in payments to 119 plaintiffs and attorneys.
In January, a frustrated Henderson said they "remains in disbelief" that the police department has failed to adopt the reforms and threatened federal takeover of the agency.
"This department finds itself woefully behind its peers around the state and nation," the judge wrote in a scathing report.
Henderson increased the oversight authority of a court-appointed monitor. Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan now must consult with the monitor before making important department decisions such as promoting and disciplining officers and changing policing policy and tactics.
Jordan and Mayor Jean Quan said Thursday they both believe the department is making progress with the reforms. They said the city is in compliance with 85 percent of the 52 mandated changes.
"We're all working to move in the same direction, which is full compliance," Jordan said in a statement. "It's not been easy. It's been challenging. But no one here (is) ducking from the responsibilities we have.
Quan said Chanin and Burris had initially considered asking for federal monitoring of all of the police department's operations. They said the motion's request for supervision of only certain areas is "an acknowledgement that we've made progress," CBS San Francisco reported.
But Chanin countered, "I don't see any silver lining to this at all," adding that as an Oakland resident of 33 years, they considered the request for federal involvement "depressing."
The lawyers contend Oakland's time is up, since the city already has been allowed two extensions and two independent monitoring teams, and has spent "thousands, if not millions of dollars" on consultants to help get in compliance.
"We are fed up with the lack of consistent progress by the city," Burris said. "It is time for a change."
Oakland's deadline to respond to the motion is Nov. 8. A hearing on the motion is scheduled for Dec. 13.
I came to this post by way of better understanding the inference of the infamous quote from Mac Lane's Category Theory For the Working Mathematician.
In describing what something is, it's often equally useful to describe what it's not.
The fact that Mac Lane uses the description to describe a Monad, one might imply that it describes something unique to monads. Bear with me. To develop a broader understanding of the statement, I believe it needs to be made clear that they are not describing something that is unique to monads; the statement equally describes Applicative and Arrows among others. For the same reason we can have two monoids on Int (Sum and Product), we can have several monoids on X in the category of endofunctors. But there is even more to the similarities.
Both Monad and Applicative meet the criteria:
endo => any arrow, or morphism that starts and ends in the same place
functor => any arrow, or morphism between two Categories (e.g., in day to day Tree a -> List b , but in Category Tree -> List )
monoid => single object; i.e., a single type, but in this context, only in regards to the external layer; so, we can't have Tree -> List , only List -> List .
The statement uses "Category of..." This defines the scope of the statement. As an example, the Functor Category describes the scope of f * -> g * , i.e., Any functor -> Any functor , e.g., Tree * -> List * or Tree * -> Tree * .
What a Categorical statement does not specify describes where anything and everything is permitted.
In this case, inside the functors, * -> * aka a -> b is not specified which means Anything -> Anything including Anything else . As my imagination jumps to Int -> String, it also includes Integer -> Maybe Int , or even Maybe Double -> Either String Int where a :: Maybe Double; b :: Either String Int .
So the statement comes together as follows:
functor scope :: f a -> g b (i.e., any parameterized type to any parameterized type)
(i.e., any parameterized type to any parameterized type) endo + functor :: f a -> f b (i.e., any one parameterized type to the same parameterized type) ... said differently,
(i.e., any one parameterized type to the same parameterized type) ... said differently, a monoid in the category of endofunctor
So, where is the power of this construct? To appreciate the full dynamics, I needed to see that the typical drawings of a monoid (single object with what looks like an identity arrow, :: single object -> single object ), fails to illustrate that I'm permitted to use an arrow parameterized with any number of monoid values, from the one type object permitted in Monoid. The endo, ~ identity arrow definition of equivalence ignores the functor's type value and both the type and value of the most inner, "payload" layer. Thus, equivalence returns true in any situation where the functorial types match (e.g., Nothing -> Just * -> Nothing is equivalent to Just * -> Just * -> Just * because they are both Maybe -> Maybe -> Maybe ).
Sidebar: ~ outside is conceptual, but is the left most symbol in f a . It also describes what "Haskell" reads-in first (big picture); so Type is "outside" in relation to a Type Value. The relationship between layers (a chain of references) in programming is not easy to relate in Category. The Category of Set is used to describe Types (Int, Strings, Maybe Int etc.) which includes the Category of Functor (parameterized Types). The reference chain: Functor Type, Functor values (elements of that Functor's set, e.g., Nothing, Just), and in turn, everything else each functor value points to. In Category the relationship is described differently, e.g., return :: a -> m a is considered a natural transformation from one Functor to another Functor, different from anything mentioned thus far.
Back to the main thread, all in all, for any defined tensor product and a neutral value, the statement ends up describing an amazingly powerful computational construct born from its paradoxical structure:
on the outside it appears as a single object (e.g., :: List ); static
); static but inside, permits a lot of dynamics any number of values of the same type (e.g., Empty | ~NonEmpty) as fodder to functions of any arity. The tensor product will reduce any number of inputs to a single value... for the external layer (~ fold that says nothing about the payload) infinite range of both the type and values for the inner most layer
In Haskell, clarifying the applicability of the statement is important. The power and versatility of this construct, has absolutely nothing to do with a monad per se. In other words, the construct does not rely on what makes a monad unique.
When trying to figure out whether to build code with a shared context to support computations that depend on each other, versus computations that can be run in parallel, this infamous statement, with as much as it describes, is not a contrast between the choice of Applicative, Arrows and Monads, but rather is a description of how much they are the same. For the decision at hand, the statement is moot.
This is often misunderstood. The statement goes on to describe join :: m (m a) -> m a as the tensor product for the monoidal endofunctor. However, it does not articulate how, in the context of this statement, (<*>) could also have been chosen. It truly is a example of six/half dozen. The logic for combining values are exactly alike; same input generates the same output from each (unlike the Sum and Product monoids for Int because they generate different results when combining Ints).
So, to recap: A monoid in the category of endofunctors describes:
~t :: m * -> m * -> m * and a neutral value for m *
(<*>) and (>>=) both provide simultaneous access to the two m values in order to compute the the single return value. The logic used to compute the return value is exactly the same. If it were not for the different shapes of the functions they parameterize ( f :: a -> b versus k :: a -> m b ) and the position of the parameter with the same return type of the computation (i.e., a -> b -> b versus b -> a -> b for each respectively), I suspect we could have parameterized the monoidal logic, the tensor product, for reuse in both definitions. As an exercise to make the point, try and implement ~t , and you end up with (<*>) and (>>=) depending on how you decide to define it forall a b .
If my last point is at minimum conceptually true, it then explains the precise, and only computational difference between Applicative and Monad: the functions they parameterize. In other words, the difference is external to the implementation of these type classes.
In conclusion, in my own experience, Mac Lane's infamous quote provided a great "goto" meme, a guidepost for me to reference while navigating my way through Category to better understand the idioms used in Haskell. It succeeds at capturing the scope of a powerful computing capacity made wonderfully accessible in Haskell.
However, there is irony in how I first misunderstood the statement's applicability outside of the monad, and what I hope conveyed here. Everything that it describes turns out to be what is similar between Applicative and Monads (and Arrows among others). What it doesn't say is precisely the small but useful distinction between them.
- E
USS Freedom (LCS-1) arrives in Manila to join the Philippine and US military exercise dubbed Balikatan 2013 (Shoulder-to-Shoulder) on April 9, 2013. Thousands of US and Filipino troops began annual military exercises which the Philippines said were vital to building its defence capabilities to face the rising threat of China. AFP PHOTO / Jay DIRECTO (Photo credit should read JAY DIRECTO/AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON, April 23 (Reuters) - The computer network on the U.S. Navy's newest class of coastal warships showed vulnerabilities in Navy cybersecurity tests, but the issues were not severe enough to prevent an eight-month deployment to Singapore, a Navy official said on Tuesday.
A Navy team of computer hacking experts found some deficiencies when assigned to try to penetrate the network of the USS Freedom, the lead vessel in the $37 billion Littoral Combat Ship program, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The Freedom arrived in Singapore last week for an eight-month stay, which its builder, Lockheed Martin Corp. , hopes will stimulate Asian demand for the fast, agile and stealthy ships.
"We do these types of inspections across the fleet to find individual vulnerabilities, as well as fleet-wide trends," said the official.
Cybersecurity is a major priority for the Navy, which relies heavily on communications and satellite networks for its weapons systems and situational awareness.
Defense Department spokesperson Jennifer Elzea said the Pentagon's chief weapons test agency addressed "information assurance vulnerabilities" for the Littoral Combat Ship in an assessment provided to the Navy.
"The details of that assessment are classified," Elzea said.
Lockheed spokesperson Keith Little said the company was working with the Navy to ensure that USS Freedom's networks were secure during the deployment.
The Navy plans to buy 52 of the new LCS warships in coming years, including some of Lockheed's steel monohull design and some of an aluminum-hulled LCS trimaran design built by Australia's Austal. The ships are designed for combat and other missions in shallower waters close to shore.
On October 16, 2012, more than 70 school children in two Afghan provinces will join 20,000 children around the world taking part in Save the Children's global "Race for Survival". They will draw attention to Afghanistan's frail progress in tackling one of the major remaining barriers to saving more children's lives: Malnutrition. It is the underlying cause for one third of child deaths and in Afghanistan 55 per cent of children is stunted - not able to develop properly, both mentally and physically, because they don't get the right kinds of foods.
Ten years ago, I took my first role as a midwife in a refugee camp in Iran. After the fall of the Taliban in 2003, when I returned to Afghanistan, there were only a few hundred midwives in the country. The situation for women and children was terrible - the maternal mortality rate was among the worst in the world. Most women gave birth at home in unsafe conditions with no support from anyone with the right skills, and women were afraid or unable to visit clinics. Pregnancy meant risking your life and the life of your unborn child.
Today, there are many more trained midwives in Afghanistan and the situation for mothers has improved. Recently, I met a mother in Badakhshan province who had given birth in a health clinic and was proudly explaining to me the value of seeking help from a midwife; they knew about newborn care and the importance of not washing their baby immediately after birth, as used to be done, but instead to keep them warm. Ten years ago, the facility, the health worker and the knowledge of the mother simply wouldn't have been there. This is just one mother, one example, of the progress for women and children in Afghanistan.
Yet there is still a long way to go in providing mothers and babies with the support they need to save more lives.
Inside Story - Child hunger: The world's
'greatest shame'?
So what are the lessons learnt that could help Afghanistan tackle the malnutrition crisis?
Need political support
If the political will is there, everything else will follow. It was the government and international community that recognised and decided to address the high maternal mortality rate. By developing policies that have created an enabling environment, to providing funding to train more midwives in rural areas, with political will we have been able to mobilise communities to save more lives.
During this time of uncertainty and change, politicians will have many considerations, but children are the future of Afghanistan. If we don't continue to save more lives and tackle malnutrition by putting the right policies and funding in place, we are putting Afghanistan's future at risk.
Political support is needed, but change begins in communities. As with the mother from Badakhshan, more women are now able to understand the importance of giving birth in a clinic, or with a midwife, and can recognise danger signs during pregnancy or in their children, such as fever and fast breathing that might be a sign of pneumonia, and are able to seek help. Yet many communities are still struggling with traditional beliefs that can put lives at risk. More needs to be done to raise awareness of good nutrition.
Women are life-savers. Women are the centre of healthy lives for their families. My motivation as a midwife comes from the women that we support - the power of women working with women to save lives. It has pushed me to stay in this field and help women as much as I can, even beyond duty. When you feel you are helping women lead a healthy life, it feels like you have everything. It is mothers, and women like me, who with the right training, are changing the health of this country.
Training women to be health workers and midwives has been critical to improving health services, but it hasn't been easy. As a midwife trainer, I had a challenge. How can you train women who are illiterate, or at best only have an elementary education? And on top of that women who are scared to work? But there are now around 3,500 midwives and around 10,000 female community health workers: Women given basic training to recognise and treat common illnesses. Now we need to train these women health workers to better be able to prevent and treat malnutrition and increase awareness.
There are many people like me in Afghanistan, driven by their relationships with communities, the ability of women to create change and the potential to save lives. Afghanistan is at a turning point. I hope we can harness this kind of motivation and belief that change is possible, and learn from the lessons so far to make Afghanistan a safer and better place for mothers and children.
Sabera Turkmani is the President of Afghan Midwives Association.
Joshua Roberts / Reuters Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) is mobbed by reporters who know she's not a fan of their party's Obamacare repeal bills.
WASHINGTON ― Senate Republican leaders can't seem to find the votes to repeal and replace Obamacare. They've had no help from Democrats, of course, who oppose what they're doing and haven't been consulted anyway. But they've also had no help from two senators in their own party: Susan Collins of Maine and Rand Paul of Kentucky.
Collins and Paul have been a hard no on both of the GOP health care bills unveiled over the last month. That's made things exceptionally difficult for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who can afford to lose only two Republican votes. It's left their latest Obamacare repeal bill hanging by a thread, as a handful of Republicans on the fence threaten to produce the fatal third vote.
They're an unlikely pair to ended up united against their party on something. Collins is a pro-abortion rights moderate from a state that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton carried in 2016; Paul is a libertarian-leaning conservative who regularly rails against big government. But their different ideologies explain why they are so opposed to what GOP leaders are doing.
The thrust of Collins' concern is that Republicans are trying to repeal too much of the Affordable Care Act, to the point where people will get hurt. The GOP's latest bill, which was released Thursday, would cut overall Medicaid funding by more than 30 percent and eliminate the Affordable Care Act's expansion of that program. That would mean millions fewer people would have access to Medicaid, namely low-income and elderly people.
Collins wasted little time announcing their opposition to the bill and instead urged their colleagues to change course and work on a bipartisan fix to Obamacare.
Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA. — Sen. Susan Collins (@SenatorCollins) July 13, 2017
Collins also has problems with the sheer number of people who would lose health care coverage under the bill and the plan's negative effect on health care access in rural areas.
The Congressional Budget Office hasn't yet released its estimates on the revision of the health care bill, but under the original Senate version, which isn't that different from the new one, roughly 22 million people would lose coverage.
Susan Collins
Paul, meanwhile, argues that the GOP health care bills wouldn't repeal enough of the Affordable Care Act. He's complained all year about Republicans leaving too much of the law intact, and, when GOP leaders unveiled their initial health care bill in June, they ripped it as too expensive and doomed to fail.
“The bill is just being lit up like a Christmas tree full of billion-dollar ornaments, and it's not repeal,” Paul fumed in a Fox News Sunday interview earlier this month.
“Now the Republicans are getting so weak-kneed they're saying, ‘Oh, we're afraid to repeal the taxes,'” they continued. “What happened to these people? They all were for repealing Obamacare. Now there's virtually no one left.”
The Kentucky senator is even less happy with the revised health care bill, which includes new insurance deregulation provisions. The language was added to win support from conservatives, but it comes with more federal spending ― a big no-no for Paul, who fundamentally disagrees with the idea of the government subsidizing health care.
They aired their grievances in a Thursday op-ed in The Washington Times, headlined “Crony Capitalism Isn't a Right, So Why Does Senate Healthcare Bill Give Insurance Companies the Right to a Bailout?”
This post is a re-post after my original post on my regular blog was out of reach due to Reddit traffic. Thanks to the Redditors who voted the post to the top position.
Hi! I hope you are doing good. Today, I would like to share some tips that could help you (if you don't have a degree in computer science or have a degree in a totally different field) become a software developer. Regardless of your previous opinions, all it takes is passion and commitment. That being said however, there are a few other things that you should do to reach your goal.
The question is : <strong>can I become a computer programmer/software developer without a computer science degree? The simplest answer is an astounding YES. Here are a few steps you need to take to be one.
Make a decision – Yeah, seriously. Deciding on something is not as easy as it may sound. The other worst thing is regretting after investing both time and money on something you really don't like. So, once again, be sure that you want to be a computer programmer. Choose a programming language – In order for you to write code, you need to understand at least one language, the more the better! By learning the ins and out of a particular language like Python or C++ , you empower yourself with the necessary tools of trade. Practice, practice and practice – A few days ago, I wrote a post Learn How To Program in 21 days – NOT and it generated a lot of reactions on Reddit. The point of the whole thing is simple; if you want to be good at something, you have to do it over and over and over again. Make mistakes, find solutions, and repeat! The good thing is this: we all start somewhere. Open Source and Own Projects – I cannot stress this enough! Most companies specializing in Software are obsessed with Experience! Instead of asking yourself how they expect you to have experience when you are looking for your first programming job, beat them by taking part in open source projects and most certainly, your own projects if you can. You need something to show them that you are capable. You have a better chance if you can show them your portfolio than a fresh college graduate who has none. Networking -If this sounds familiar, it is because I have mentioned it before under What to do after college and without a job. You could have the coolest resume in town and keep wondering why you don't land the best jobs. I believe networking is more of people skills than anything in between. This should start in college but if you didn't go to college, you can still catch up through LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and most importantly, local meetups and events. This also requires good communication. Listen to people in the industry. Subscribe to their blogs. Talk to them. There is a good chance that one of them will refer you when you are looking for a job. You just never know!
Those are the five most important things you should do if you want to become a software developer without a college degree. Today, you must be competitive and be willing to work a little harder in order to get what you want. It is still advisable to earn a degree because you learn more from college professors and meet friends who could be potential startup buddies.
Not having a degree doesn't have to stop you. You are, without doubt, the only one who can stop yourself. So, without much ado, go forth. Start your new career with confidence knowing that the future is brighter. Good luck.
NOTE: This is not an exhaustive list. If you would like to add more ideas, please leave me a comment below.
Finally, if you liked this post, please share it with your friends online using the buttons below. Thank you!
NB: Please check out my other blog at Simple Developer
Advertisements
A group of students at San Francisco State University have decided to forgo food beginning Monday until administrators set aside $8 million in funding for the fiscally embattled College of Ethnic Studies.
The four students plan to camp inside tents at the grassy center of campus until SFSU President Leslie Wong or Provost Sue Rosser direct funding for Ethnic Studies to “not only sustain itself but thrive,” said Sofia Cardenas, a spokesperson for the students.
The College of Ethnic Studies learned in February that reserve funds from Academic Affairs used to close the college's $200,000 to $250,000 annual budget deficit were depleted. According to Rosser, all of the colleges at SFSU have been underfunded since the recession in 2009.
That news prompted an outcry from faculty and students, who said losing that amount of money next year could have forced the college to suspend its graduate programs, eliminate 40 percent of faculty and cut half of the courses offered.
As a result of the uproar, Wong announced they would designate $200,000 in one-time funding for the college in the 2016-17 year. College faculty have countered that financial boost won't cover all of its costs moving forward.
On Monday, four students decided to increase the pressure on the administration to secure additional money for the college.
They were supported by a crowd of about 100 as they marched around campus announcing the hunger strike and protesting possible tuition hikes across the California State University system, which the Board of Trustees is considering for the first time in almost five years.
Hassani Bell, 18, Julia Retzlaff, 19, Sachiel Rosen, 19, and Ahkeel Mestayer, 20, have dubbed themselves the Third World Liberation Front 2016. The name is in homage to the SFSU and other college students whose demonstrations in 1968 led to the establishment of the nation's first Ethnic Studies college at SFSU.
“I'm upset,” said Mestayer, who came up the idea to go on a hunger strike after participating in multiple student rallies in support of Ethnic Studies. “I feel that the administration does not take students seriously.”
The students have named an $8 million figure because it would restore the college to its budget before the recession, Mestayer said. The budget for Ethnic Studies is around $3.5 million or more each year, according to Rosser, the provost.
“We don't have $8 million,” Rosser told reporters during a news briefing Monday, which students forced their way into.
The university had not yet decided how it would respond to students camped out on campus as of Monday afternoon and Rosser did not say whether the students would be arrested. According to SFSU policy, erecting tents without the administration's approval and camping are not allowed on campus.
“I have concerns about the health and welfare of these students,” Rosser said. “I can only reiterate that we are not cutting the budget of Ethnic Studies as we have said repeatedly.”
Rosser continued, “So if this is why they are going on hunger strike, I think they must have misinformation.”
All four of the students are enrolled in Ethnic Studies programs, and three are San Francisco natives.
Bell, who commutes to the campus on the southern end of The City from Stockton, said they grew up in Oakland's Fruitvale and remembers hearing gunshots. An ethnic studies program at a high school in San Leandro helped them realize they wanted to change their community for the better, and dedicate their life to ethnic studies.
“When I volunteered to fast it was kind of just off instinct and anger,” Bell said, noting they did not want to witness their teachers lose their jobs. “Hopefully it doesn't have to last too long.”
The hunger strikers view the problems with Ethnic Studies at SFSU as the manifestation of citywide issues, such as gentrification and displacement.
“The school wants to promote social justice and community activism,” Mestayer said. “And they're doing the exact opposite of that.”
Retzlaff lives in the Sunset and said they have seen their neighbors and classmates forced out of The City.
Rosen said they and their companions are not part of any organization. However, they recognized that five other protesters have been camped out for 12 days in front of Mission Police Station, calling for the police chief to resign or be fired over a recent spate of fatal police shootings.
The demonstrators said they will abstain from eating until their demand is met and if they're arrested, “We'll be back the very next day,” Mestayer said.
Click here or scroll down to comment
Two Neasden burglars, 17, banned from entering stranger's properties in London
Samim Islami, left, and Adel Yussuf have been given three-year CRASBOs Archant
A pair of convicted 17-year-old burglars from Neasden have been banned from entering any stranger's property in London for the next three years.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Adel Yussuf, of Rainsborough Close, and Samim Islami, of Lovett Way, both on the St Raphael's Estate, have been handed Criminal Anti-social Behaviour Orders (CRASBOs) forbidding them from going near any residential premises they have no connection with.
The only exceptions are if they're working at the time as a mail carrier or delivery man etc.
If they breach the order they could be hauled before the courts and fined or given a custodial sentence.
PC David John from Brent's Anti Social Behaviour Team, said: “Brent Police and Brent Council Anti Social Behaviour Unit will target all criminals who commit such offences with similar Anti-social Behaviour Orders and make every effort to bring the full weight of this legislation onto their shoulders.
“We hope that this will help to prevent further offending and deter those who would wish to commit such crimes in the future.”
Hey Armored Warfare players,
First off, let us apologize for not having more formal patch notes for Early Access 2.
While only one week has passed since you had a chance to participate in Early Access 1, several weeks have gone by for us internally between the builds you see as Early Access 1 and Early Access 2. During those weeks, a long list of bug fixes and quality of life adjustments were made to the game and while we do have a record of all these changes, we were still trying to refine our process for tracking the changes that need to make it into patch notes. As such, when it came time to compile the changes into something readable, it was a bigger undertaking than we had anticipated.
Going forward we are continuing to refine our processes and will deliver better patch notes in upcoming versions. We understand the importance of keeping everyone informed about what is going on with Armored Warfare and we have no intention of trying to sneak changes by without including them in the patch notes. We know you're all too observant for things to slip by anyway. :) We also know that when it comes to balance changes, it's important to explain not just what changed but why we felt the change was necessary and that is something you will see show up in future patch notes as well.
Another thing I want to explain about this testing cycle is that there is a fairly large delay between the time that we implement changes into the game and you get to see those changes in a patch. We call it our 'stabilization' window where we try to avoid making any unnecessary changes while we focus extensively on critical bug fixes but otherwise don't make a lot of changes to the version. As a result of this process, it might feel like there is a full patch cycle delay between the feedback you provide us and our responses to that feedback showing up in a playable build.
For example, Early Access 2 (EA2) features many qualities of life improvements that were suggested to us from the Alpha Test that took place over a month ago. While we have been digesting the pages of solid feedback provided to us by those of you who participated in Early Access 1 (EA1), you will not see very many adjustments made because of that feedback in EA2. This is because EA2 was already well into in its stabilization period when EA 1 began. Likewise, EA 3 has been in stabilization for over a couple weeks now and so feedback from EA 2 is unlikely to make it into the next patch we get out to you.
I hope this helps explain why it might sometimes feel like two or three patches go by without something blatantly obvious being addressed by us. This cycle will continue while we try to deliver updates to you on a short turn around (2 to 3 weeks between update). Once our updates slow down enough that we have time to work on the next update while the current version is live, this cycle will eventually go away.
With the explanation out of the way, I've compiled some notes about various changes you will see in Early Access 2. Again, many of these changes came about as a result of player feedback. I can't emphasize enough how useful your comments have been in improving Armored Warfare. I wish we had time to respond to them all in the forums, but we are processing and tracking them in order to figure out how to address the things you players are bringing up.
Thank you again for being such an amazing collection of players. We really appreciate you participating in our Early Access phase of Armored Warfare.
Rich Taylor Project Director, Obsidian Entertainment
User Interface
Mouse Sensitivity Sliders - There are now pitch/yaw sliders for all three mouse modes: SPG view, 3rd Person view, and 1st Person view. This is not our final solution to the mouse sensitivity issues that have been seen in previous patches but it should help remedy things for most players experiencing issues with hyper sensitivity. In addition, we believe we have resolved the issues with the mouse cursor remaining visible while in a match. If players continue to encounter this bug, we want to hear about it.
Confirmation Box Cleanup - We have gone through the UI and nuked many of the unnecessary confirmation boxes that were coming up all the time. For example, you will no longer be prompted to confirm going back to the garage when exiting from a match after your vehicle has been destroyed. In addition, most of the confirmation boxes that remain include a 'Don't show me this again' checkbox. Enabling that checkbox before clicking through the window will keep that confirmation from showing up again.
Chat Interface Overhaul - We have made some changes to the way Global Chat and Friends Lists work to hopefully make them easier to notice and to be more intuitive. In addition, we made it so that you can 'minimize' chat windows by shrinking them down instead of collapsing them all together, so that you can still see when there's traffic in them to check out if you'd like. A single click on a shrunken chat window will bring it back up to full size.
New Battalion Fields - Battalions can now have a 'Motto' and 'Message of the Day' in addition to their previously available text fields. The Motto isn't public facing yet, but will be as we continue to expand on Battalion functionality. Message of the Day is a message officers can set for their Battalion members to see.
Upgrade Tooltips - We have done a lot of work to improve the various vehicle part tooltips you see, especially ammo. Many unnecessary or redundant fields have been removed to reduce the amount of text where possible. In addition, we changed a lot of the logic for how the ammo comparison tooltips work so that the comparison values you see are compared against a similar type of ammo whenever possible. For example, if your vehicle has two AP shell variants unlocked, the tooltip for the highest tier AP shell for that vehicle will compare that shell against the lower tier AP shell instead of against other different shell types. To help make this clear, the tooltip will also explain which shell it is comparing the current shell to so there shouldn't be any confusion about how the shell you are looking at compares to other ammunition you have.
Damage Text Options - On the 'Gameplay' tab in the Options Screen, there is a section that allows you to select from three different approaches to showing damage text over other vehicles in matches. There is the traditional 'Linear' style where the numbers float up from the other vehicle, with larger numbers float slower than small numbers. There is the batched up method we had in earlier Alpha Tests where damage would accumulate into a single value until the target stopped taking damage for a short while. And there is the Popocorn style, where damage numbers will follow randomized arcs out of the top of the vehicle, similar to what you may find in many Action RPGs. Try them out and settle on your favorite!
Large Minimap in Mouse Mode - When pressing CTRL to go into Mouse Mode while playing Artillery, a large, semi-transparent version of the minimap will appear in the center of your screen. You can use this minimap to move your aim around the map or ping just like the standard minimap in the corner. There is an option in the UI settings to disable this behavior if you prefer to keep the minimap in the corner. Or if you would like to have this feature even when not playing SPGs for convenient pinging or just getting a chance to quickly zoom up the minimap to get a closer look at enemy positions, you can also enable that preference in the UI settings as well.
Economy Changes
Reputation and Credit Scale shift - In order to give us improved granularity to work with, we have changed the scale for Reputation and Credits throughout the game. All Reputation and Credit gains and costs throughout the game have been increased, with Reputation seeing a 3x increase and Credits seeing a 8x increase.
Post-Match Rewards Formulas - We have been working on some changes to the way we calculate the amount of Reputation and Credits received from in-match performance. One mechanic is that kills now provide very little reward in and of themselves but will instead mostly provide a bonus to the Reputation and Credits earned from damage you have dished out. This means that if you focus on damage you will see the most consistent rewards, but if you manage to dish out a lot of damage and get a lot of kills, you will see even more rewards due to your deceive contributions to the match. We will be making similar changes to the way Spotting and Spotting Damage is rewarded, as well as Assists and Assist Damage (damage done to vehicles you have immobilized), but those changes are not in EA2. We will be posting a Developer Diary very soon that goes into greater detail on our Post Match mathematics, including our reasoning behind it and a lot about how it works. As I've said before, we intend to be very transparent about our mechanics and will be sharing the mathematical details of more systems as we have time to write them up for you.
Locked Reptuation/Global Reputation Changes - We have changed the way Global Reputation accumulates in this version. Now when a vehicle has reached Renown status (100% progress on its Reputation bar), any additional Reputation earned on that vehicle will accumulate in two pools. The vehicle itself will continue to accumulate Reputation, the intent of which will become clear when the Retrofit System is introduced. In addition, an equal amount of Reputation will be added to a 'Locked Reputation' pool which is global across all your vehicles. Instead of converting Vehicle Reputation into Global Reputation, you will convert Locked Reputation into Global Reputation. Global Reputation can then be spent on accelerating any vehicle progress. When spending Global Reputation to advance a vehicle's Reputation Bar, you will also be given an equivalent amount of additional Vehicle Reputation to spend on upgrades. When spending Global Reputation directly on upgrades, the vehicle's Reputation Progress bar will be advanced accordingly. This means there is no wrong way to spend your Global Reputation to speed up progress on a vehicle.
Vehicle Balance Changes
They Damage Math - Some changes were made to adjust the amount of guaranteed damage caused by They shell for all cannons. We are continuing to monitor the guaranteed damage mechanics of They to evaluate their place in the game and will likely continue making adjustments to it with each new batch of data we have to review.
Shell Penetration Reductions - We reduced a lot of the Penetration factors of the shells across the game with the goal of improving armor relevance. There is still a lot of fine tuning to be done in this area as we made mostly broad sweeping changes in this pass, but the end result should have MBTs feeling tougher, especially in the front. You'll still need to watch those sides though.
MBT Armor Adjustments - We made a patch to the cannon bases of many of the MBTs to remove the glaring weak spot in their turrets at those locations. As this was a last minute change, we had to apply this change rather than focusing extensively on historical accuracy of this adjustment, so expect to see additional changes to the cannon base armor of MBTs as we continue to research them.
Sheridan Tuning - The vehicle that got targeted with the most power reductions in EA2 is the Sheridan. We will continue to evaluate the data on how this vehicle is performing with the changes so far. We're trying not to overdo it to the point where the unique experience afforded by this unusual vehicle is lost, but we also knew it needed to be toned down from the version in EA1. The vehicle also lost its unhistorical APFSDS round in this patch. Unfortunately, we were not in a position to refund any credits spent on this ammo but we will work to make sure that we can compensate players for changes like this in the future.
Artillery Tuning - In the preliminary patch notes, it was stated that we made wide sweeping nerfs to the SPGs. Those patch notes were actually old notes that applied to EA1. There were no SPG nerfs done in EA2 compared to EA1 and we apologize for those inaccurate notes making it in. This doesn't mean there won't be any additional tuning for Arty going forward, but we didn't make any at this time.
New Content
Tier 7 Vehicles - With EA2, enjoy a new tier of vehicles to check out. There's some real famous vehicles in that lineup. We're looking forward to collecting match data on them all!
New Map - Introducing Roughneck! We look forward to joining everyone on this new wintery battlefield.
Performance
Optimizations - We hope most of you experience performance improvements in this version. We have made very wide sweeping improvements to the game's performance in terms of map specific optimizations as well as general game-wide adjustments. We also adjusted some of the parameters that get adjusted when choosing between the different graphics levels which we feel will help support a wide variety of machines than EA1. This doesn't mean we are done with optimizations - we have several engineers focused exclusively on this area and expect to see even more improvement in Early Access 3.
Future Optimizations - We have seen reports where even high-end machines were experiencing issues with framerate that seemed very strange given the hardware specs. As we begin wrapping up our more global optimizations, we may need to reach out to players on high-end machines that are still finding unacceptable framerates across all settings so that we can begin diagnosing specific hardware configurations. We are committed to delivering a great experience across as many machines as possible.
We hope you like the Early Access 2 so far! Please continue giving us feedback, we are reading it very carefully!
ESPN Big Ten reporter Josh Moyer discusses the potential fallout from recently unsealed documents that allege Joe Paterno and others knew of Jerry Sandusky's child abuse in 1976. (2:47)
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. -- Joe Paterno was aware of sexual abuse by Jerry Sandusky as far back as 1976 and some assistant coaches knew in subsequent decades, according to alleged victims' depositions that were unsealed Tuesday.
John Doe 150 said in a 2014 deposition that they informed Paterno the day after a 1976 incident that Sandusky stuck their finger in the then-14-year-old boy's rectum while they showered. The man said in 2014 that other boys in a shower heard them yell that Sandusky had just touched them sexually.
They said they told several adults about it, then sought out Paterno.
"Is it accurate that Coach Paterno quickly said to you, 'I don't want to hear about any of that kind of stuff, I have a football season to worry about?'" a lawyer for Penn State's insurance carrier asked the man. "Specifically, yes," the man replied.
"I was shocked, disappointed, offended, I was insulted," John Doe 150 testified. "I said, is that all you're going to do? You're not going to do anything else?"
They said Paterno then "just walked away."
Paterno told a grand jury in 2011 that they first learned in 2001 of inappropriate sexual contact by Sandusky involving young boys.
"I do not know of anything else that Jerry would be involved in of that nature, no. I do not know of it. You did mention -- I think you said something about a rumor. It may have been discussed in my presence, something else about somebody. I don't know. I don't remember, and I could not honestly say I heard a rumor," Paterno testified.
Paterno told a reporter before they died in early 2012 -- just months after Sandusky's arrest -- that the first inkling they had that Sandusky might be abusing children occurred in 2001, though there are records that show high-ranking Penn State officials dealt with a complaint in 1998 by a mother that Sandusky had showered with their son.
Joe Paterno's family has denied they had knowledge of Jerry Sandusky's child abuse. Ned Dishman/Getty Images
According to the documents, current UCLA defensive coordinator Tom Bradley and Ohio State defensive coordinator Greg Schiano were among those coaches who were also aware of the abuse. Mike McQueary, a former assistant who reported to Paterno the 2001 incident in a team shower and who testified against Sandusky at trial, said in a 2015 deposition that former defensive coordinator Bradley was "not shocked" when told of it.
Bradley, who briefly took over as head coach after Paterno's firing, "said they knew of some things" about Sandusky dating to the 1980s, McQueary testified.
Bradley's representative Brett Senior issued a statement Tuesday afternoon.
"At no time did Tom Bradley ever witness any inappropriate behavior," it read. "Nor did they have any knowledge of alleged incidents in the 80's and 90's. They have consistently testified as such. Any assertions to the contrary are false. When they became aware of the 2001 incident it had already been reported to the University administration years earlier."
McQueary also said Bradley told them that he'd been approached by someone in the '80s who saw Sandusky "doing something to a boy" and that in the '90s, former assistant coach Schiano saw Sandusky in the shower with a boy.
"Greg had come into their office white as a ghost and said they just saw Jerry doing something to a boy in the shower," McQueary testified.
Schiano told ESPN: "I never saw any abuse, nor had reason to suspect any abuse, during my time at Penn State."
Dozens of documents and excerpts were released Tuesday by a judge who is presiding over litigation between Penn State and Pennsylvania Manufacturers' Association Insurance Co. over payment of claims for abuse by Sandusky, who is now serving 30 to 60 years in state prison for child molestation. Penn State has made $92 million in total payouts to settle 32 civil claims in the Sandusky sex molestation scandal.
The judge two months ago disclosed the existence of the 1976 allegation, along with claims that coaches witnessed inappropriate contact between Sandusky and children in the '80s, but the newly unsealed documents provide far greater detail.
Penn State university president Eric Barron released a statement Tuesday morning and cautioned the community not to speculate on any new allegations. "Penn State's overriding concern has been, and remains, for the victims of Jerry Sandusky," they wrote. "While individuals hold different opinions, and may draw different inferences from the testimony about former Penn State employees, speculation by Penn State is not useful. We must be sensitive to all individuals involved, and especially to those who may be victims of child sexual abuse."
"Although settlements have been reached, it also is important to reiterate that the alleged knowledge of former Penn State employees is not proven, and should not be treated as such. Some individuals deny the claims, and others are unable to defend themselves."
A lawyer for Paterno's family issued a statement Tuesday claiming there is evidence that "stands in stark contrast" to John Doe 150's story.
The lawyer, Wick Sollers, said, "There are numerous specific elements of the accusations that defy all logic and have never been subjected to even the most basic objective examination." Sandusky's lawyer has also denied the allegation.
According to other alleged victims' depositions, several other coaches also stumbled upon Sandusky abusing children throughout the years.
John Doe 75 alleged that in 1987, assistant coach Joe Sarra walked into the coaches' meeting room and saw Sandusky lying on the floor with the boy with their hand down the waistband of the 13-year-old's pants. John Doe 75 said Sarra may have said something like, "oh, sorry," and immediately walked out, after which Sandusky kissed them on the forehead. Sarra died four years ago.
John Doe 101 alleged in a 2014 deposition that in 1988, assistant coach Kevin O'Dea spotted Sandusky rubbing the boy's back while the boy was lying on a couch in their underwear. Sandusky attempted to hide the activity by pretending they were wrestling. O'Dea most recently was the special-teams coordinator for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 2014-15.
According to the documents, then-athletic director Jim Tarman was made aware of an allegation in 1988 regarding John Doe 102, who lived in a group home for delinquent boys. After making the allegations, John Doe 102 said they were "asked to apologize to Sandusky and Tarman for telling lies."
The records also include an analysis by a lawyer working as an expert for the insurance company that said the settlements paid by Penn State seemed very high, possibly as a result of the university's concern about publicity and a wish to resolve matters quickly.
Lawyer Eric Anderson said the school "made little effort, if any, to verify the credibility of the claims of the individuals."
Ken Feinberg, a lawyer who helped mediate claims against the school, told reporters last week it was "a very objective process" and none of the cases was easy to resolve. They said Penn State was diligent in making sure the claims were backed up by sufficient proof.
Sandusky, 72, was convicted in June 2012 of sexually abusing 10 different boys between 1994 and 2008. They have maintained their innocence.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Image copyright AFP Image caption This royal seal, depicting a turtle, is thought to have been stolen during the Korean War
The US has returned two ancient royal seals to South Korea, looted from the country more than 60 years ago.
The Chosun dynasty artefacts, dating from the 16th and 17th Centuries, are believed to be worth a combined $1.5m (£1.15m).
The royal seals, depicting turtles, were presented to President Moon Jae-in during their visit to Washington on Friday.
The US has returned some 8,000 items to more than 30 countries since 2007.
The eldest of the South Korean artefacts, a gilt-bronze seal made in 1547 to honour Queen Munjeong, the third wife of the Chosun Dynasty's eleventh king, is thought to have been stolen during the Korean War.
The other - a jade block made for King Hyeonjong in 1651 - is believed to have been taken during the Japanese occupation of Korea, between 1910 and 1945.
Investigations began after Queen Munjeong's seal was discovered in a Los Angeles museum in 2013. King Hyeonjong's seal was found in a private collection.
Both will arrive in South Korea on Sunday with President Moon.
They will go on public display from August.
Hello Rocksmith fans! Next week's DLC has been revealed and it is definitely on the Top 40 Requested List, although we were wrong, and many of you were probably expecting something more dire.
Oh well, though it looks like a few of you were right!
42 of you folks to be exact, as next week's DLC is most definitely Bullet For My Valentine!
Let's take a look at @DanAmrich's clue shall we?
Confirmed by Dan!
BFMV is a band that is no stranger to music games. Scream Aim Fire appeared on Guitar Hero World Tour (and later on Rock Band), Tears Don't Fall, and Your Betrayal appeared as Rock Band 3 DLC in May of 2012, Waking The Demon showed up as a DLC single in 2009 for Rock Band 2, and of course their on disc inclusion on the late BandFuse with Tears Don't Fall.
Not going to lie, aside from making a really stupid vocal video for Scream Aim Fire I have no real affection for this band so your guess is as good as mine to what songs Ubisoft SF has picked (or whether it's a three, four, or five pack).
I will say though that these dudes are not slouches on Guitar so if you wanted something challenging and not in E Standard, you are probably really happy right now.
Are you excited for MOAR METAL(core)? Or is this the type of metal that you scoff at in your Behemoth shirt as you pass Hot Topic? Let us know!
Image copyright Blackpool Zoo Image caption Alyx Milne said they wanted to work with marine animals since they were five-years-old
A zookeeper in Blackpool has been awarded a masters' degree for their research into sea lion whiskers.
Liverpool-born Alyx Milne, 27, combined their work at Blackpool Zoo as an animal trainer/presenter, with their studies at Manchester Metropolitan University.
Them dissertation on the motor neuron abilities of sea lions' whiskers earned them a distinction from the university.
Ms Milne said sea lions' whiskers were very sensitive and could help them to find fish.
They said their whiskers picked up vibrations in the water and air, leading them to food.
Sea lions
•Any of five species of eared seals which are found primarily in Pacific waters
•They are characterised by a coat of short, coarse hair that lacks a distinct undercoat.
•Unlike earless seals, they are able to rotate their hind flippers forward to use all four limbs on land
Source: Encyclopaedia Britannica
Them paper is being featured in the Comparative Physiology Journal.
Ms Milne said: "Working with the sea lions at Blackpool Zoo has been a major part of my research and I'm so pleased I have something so great to show for it."
A trip to SeaWorld in Florida, when Ms Milne was five-years-old, first sparked their love of marine animals and they have known they wanted to work with them ever since, they said.
Ms Milne is now aiming for a PhD relating to marine mammals.
There is a question that has plagued humanity since humanity was in a position to be plagued, and a question that keeps chins continuously covered in little scratch marks: just why are there so many Bulgarians living to be 100 years old or more? Well, it turns out that this question needn't plague humanity any longer, for it has actually already been answered.
The answer, my esteemed brethren, is yogurt. It's that simple. I could probably just end this chapter here, and leave everyone safe in the knowledge that eating Bulgarian yogurt means you'll live to be old and (assumedly) wise. Of course, this isn't what is going to happen. Who discovered this fact? What led to the discovery? Can I bluff my way through more science? The answer to all of these questions is yes, although the actual word yes alone answers neither the first nor the second question and I'm most likely lying about the third.
The man in question was a young chap called Stamen Grigorov. Stamen was born on October 27, 1878 in a little village called Studen Izvor (90km or so from Sofia), which translates as ‘Cold Spring' and thus sounds immensely inviting. Little is known about the childhood of the dude who would become Dr. Stamen Grigorov, but it is fair to assume they had one and that it happened. Their parents? Let's assume they existed. We know something about their schooling however, in that it was in Sofia that our hero went to high school before finding themselves whisked away to Montpellier (France) to complete their secondary education. A budding physician and microbiologist, Grigorov then whisked themselves off to Geneva (Switzerland), and it was here that all of their dreams would come true. I say this on the assumption that your everyday microbiologist dreams of this sort of stuff.
Under the tutelage of the esteemed Professor Léon Massol, Grigorov developed into an impressive student and microbiologist. It was a rather exciting time for microbiological discoveries and it wouldn't take long before Grigorov had gotten themselves on the microbiological map, should any such map exist. Around this time the Russian biologist Ilya Mechnikov published a paper on the subject of ageing, believing that it would (and should) be possible to cure humanity of getting old and wrinkly, and part of their research took them to Bulgaria to see the land famous for its high number of old codgers. Mechnikov discovered that the old timers in Bulgaria seemed to be eating yoghurt on a daily basis. Did this have something to do with their high number of years? The stars were about to align for our hero, the venerable Gospodin Grigorov.
That man Massol would provide the impetus, suggesting that Grigorov dedicate their studies to the microflora of Bulgarian yogurt (or kiselo mlyako, to give its native term). It is almost as if Massol knew exactly what was happening and was pushing their student towards this prize, but the prize wasn't exactly nearby and it took Grigorov approximately bloody ages to hit gold. They eventually found a rod that caused the milk to curdle, a rod that wasn't found naturally in the human intestinal tract. This rod somehow formed colonies in the intestines, and also happened to be the true cause of natural yoghurt. A name was needed of course, and a name was chosen. Step forward Lactobacillus bulgaricus bacillus. Scientists don't really understand the art of catchy names.
Here's a list of things I almost understand; Bulgarian yogurt is full to the brim with lactose, proteins and vitamins. The rod that Grigorov discovered can only be found in Bulgaria, as in other climates the bacteria degenerates and ceases to be a thing. The Bulgarian relationship with their yogurt goes all the way back to forever ago, or as far back as the Thracians to be exact. Stockbreeders at the time would put sheep's milk in lambskin bags around their waists during their journeys, for reasons. The very word ‘yogurt' is thought to derive from the Thracian words for ‘thick' and ‘milk', a fact that I can neither deny nor prove but am I going to go along with nevertheless, mostly because it adds weight to the credibility of Bulgarian yoghurt.
The first noticeable evidence of the healing properties of the yogurt was seen in the grand recovery of King Francis I of France. Stricken with nasty tummy bugs, Frank called a Jewish doctor from Constantinople to see what could be done. The doctor fed them fermented milk-turned-yogurt, and voila, all was right with the King's guts.
This fine Bulgarian yogurt can help treat various conditions, among them tuberculosis, ulcers, fatigue, stomach problems and even some gynaecological issues. It reduces cholesterol, increases calcium and also produces cancer-suppressing compounds. I'm not a scientist (I'm barely a writer), but this lengthy list of vitamins ascribed to Bulgarian yogurt surely means it's not bad for you. Here we go: B1, B2, C, A, D, E, PP and B12. Most people are only really aware of vitamins A-D, and even then because of Ribena. It would seem this yogurt is better for you than Ribena.
Back to Grigorov. They published their thesis, snappily titled ‘Contribution to the Pathogenesis of Appendicitus' and soon received the title ‘Doctor of Medical Sciences – Bacteriology – Internal and Thoracic Diseases'. Massol wrote to Mechnikov telling them of their student and their student's groundbreaking discovery, and Grigorov soon became a microbiologist in demand. They lectured briefly in Paris, and was offered Massol's post in Geneva when the great man called it a day, but Grigorov declined the position, preferring to dedicate their work and life to their homeland. They headed back to Bulgaria, where they became a district physician and the manager of the hospital in the city of Tran, just 15km from the border with Serbia. Sure, they lacked lab equipment that wasn't terrible, but their chunky brain led to various other discoveries. They also pinpointed two other bacteria, Streptobacillus and Streptoccus thermophiles, and they also discovered the first vaccine against tuberculosis.
I prefer Ribena.
Stamen also performed the duties of a military front doctor in a number of wars, namely the Balkan War and World War One. During these conflicts Grigorov fought the arguably more intimidating foe called ‘cholera' and was rewarded with a variety of medals as a result. Grigorov died at the disappointing age of 67 on October 27, 1945, as World War Two finally decided that everyone had suffered enough and left the planet in peace. More importantly, they died on their birthday, putting them in league with Ingrid Bergman and William Shakespeare. Fine company, anyone would agree. I'm sure both Bergman and Shakespeare enjoyed the healing benefits of fine Bulgarian yogurt, except Shakespeare of course because he's from the long long ago.
‘An Illustrated History of Slavic Misery' is available for purchase, we swear. To pick up a print copy of the book (€20 plus postage), send us an email at miseryslavic@gmail.com. The digital version is available on Amazon at the link here , although you can also buy the digital copy through us. That is unless you think Amazon deserves 30% of the work.
Advertisements
When Island 359 released onto Steam Early Access two months ago for the HTC Vive, it was met with a lot of love and excitement from fans. In our review, we stated that the premise and gameplay were rock solid, with tons of room for expansion, but there were occasional bugs and a lack of deep, compelling reasons to keep playing for an extended period of time. Luckily, the lack of content is being partially addressed soon by way of the first massive, major update dubbed Second Blood.
This update introduces a significant amount of of new content including brand-new weapons, new dinosaurs, bug fixes, and a new game mode. In the released version of the game, you can only engage in the standard Mercenary mode. You're dropped off on an island to explore, kill dinosaurs, and get out with your rewards. But now you'll have more options than ever.
The main new feature of the Second Blood update is the introduction of the Big Game mode. In this mode, you'll be equipped with a bow and throwing knives in a much more difficult and dangerous expedition into the wilderness. Smaller dinosaurs, such as raptors, won't be worth anything in the grand scheme of things, as your sights are strictly trained on the bigger, more daunting, triceratops.
When your bow is equipped in one hand, the other hand can reach over a shoulder to draw an arrow. From there, you grab the string, pull back, and let loose. The haptics of the string pull and the arc of the arrow feels extremely satisfying. As far as I know, this is one of the first games to offer open-ended, stealth-based gameplay with a bow and arrow — most other games in VR that use the weapon are tower-defense based or don't allow free movement.
During my preview of this new mode, I noticed that it was significantly harder than the standard game mode. Throwing knives and a bow are far less deadly than gun powder-fueled firepower, but this is a design choice. In the Big Game mode, you're supposed to feel the fear of your surroundings even more.
Once I finally came across my first triceratops, my jaw was on the floor. The 360-audio reverberated around me with each of the beast's lumbering steps and I honestly felt like I had walked onto the set of the latest Jurassic Park film. In this mode, accuracy and stealth are of the utmost importance.
The tall grass spread across the island can be used for hiding from the dinosaurs. If you're standing in the grass and you physically crouch down so that your head and entire body are covered, you can avoid detection. It's an excellent strategy to line up a shot, while hidden, for one of the weak points. Eyeballs, throats, and jugulars are the best places to get a kill shot. And you'll need them — if any of the prehistoric monstrosities spot you before they're dead, you likely won't survive.
“With Second Blood, we wanted to show players a new location on the Island, and a new way to play Island 359” said Steve Bowler, CloudGate President and Founder, in a prepared press release. “We drop you off on a beach with nothing but a bow and throwing knives, and tell you to only drop the Big Game dinos, while reminding you to try and hide from the rest. This mode was created to teach players more about the survival aspect of Island 359, and teaching players that stealth, and staying hidden, can be just as incredibly gratifying, terrifying, and exhilarating as the original Mercenary mode. And besides, who doesn't want to shoot arrows at dinosaurs?”
The Second Blood update also adds the Brock, a fully-automatic G-18 pistol and the AX-74, a rifle similar to the AK-47. Hunters will gain access to the scope as well, an upgrade for all of the various weapons enabling shots from much farther range. You can even find the Bow and Throwing Knives featured in the Big Game mode from one of the procedurally generated loot drops in the standard Mercenary Mode. Topping off the update are new collectible metals for increased bounties and a slew of new animations for all of the dinosaurs adding an extra layer of visceral realism.
“Second Blood is really just us getting started with all of the new things we want to bring to Island 359” said Jeremy Chapman, CloudGate CCO and Founder, in the same press release. “With this update we finally have the tools in place to blow out our content, and we have quite a few more surprises lined up that we will start releasing in shorter intervals as smaller update bites, as well as large updates like Second Blood happening a bit more regularly.”
Island 359 is available now with official support for the HTC Vive on Steam Early Access for $19.99. This update is scheduled to go live as of 10AM PST today, on October 28th, 2016.
Tagged with: cloudgate
Elsword is getting ready to Celebrate its 6th Year Anniversary with Events Galore!
Heya adventurers! We are here on a Monday with the GM Blog, meaning that the update this week must be tomorrow! So to help you prepare for this earlier update, we have a list of all the special Anniversary events and goodies going into the game. You read that right, Elsword will be celebrating its 6th Year Anniversary on May 4th! Along with these events, the Magic Wardrobe will be receiving its first update that will allow for even more costume sets to be available for registering. So be sure to keep an eye on our website for more details tomorrow. But for now, let's dive right in and see what's in store for you to help us celebrate Elsword's Anniversary!
Elsword 6th Anniversary
Elsword is getting ready to celebrate its 6th year anniversary on May 4th, my how time flies!
600 Days Login Event is finally available! Starting tomorrow, you can log into Elsword and claim your present for being such a loyal player. Those who have 600+ days of game time saved will be able to receive a FREE Royal Servant/Maid Ice Burner Set , while other presents will be available for the grabbing. And for those players who are close to qualifying for a specific package, do not fret! Last day to claim your prize will be on 5/16, so there is time to keep racking up the days!
is finally available! Starting tomorrow, you can log into Elsword and claim your present for being such a loyal player. Those who have 600+ days of game time saved will be able to receive a , while other presents will be available for the grabbing. And for those players who are close to qualifying for a specific package, do not fret! Last day to claim your prize will be on 5/16, so there is time to keep racking up the days! Starting May 2 nd and continuing through May 16 th , all players will receive buffs that will grant you PHYSICAL ATTACK +600, MAGICAL ATTACK +600, and 6MP Per Second !
and continuing through May 16 , all players will receive buffs that will grant you and ! Need more buffs? Then log in on May 4 th to receive 300% EXP, 200% Drop Rate , and Unlimited Stamina !
to receive , and ! But what if you can't login on the 4 th to receive those buffs? Don't worry because all players will receive 200% EXP May 2 nd through May 9 th ! Be sure to log in and take advantage!
to receive those buffs? Don't worry because all players will receive May 2 through May 9 ! Be sure to log in and take advantage! Having trouble receiving the drops you need from Henir's Time & Space, Heroic Dungeons, or even Secret Dungeons ? Well, rewards will be DOUBLED when completing specific quests. Be sure to check out the website tomorrow for more details!
? Well, rewards will be when completing specific quests. Be sure to check out the website tomorrow for more details! And to keep the party going well into the night, Ariel will have your endless supply of free 6th Anniversary Party Potions that will recover 60% HP and MP. So visit them tomorrow and stock up!
El'lywood
As if those previous events weren't enough, we want to make sure you are looking stylish as you run around Elrios for our Anniversary, so get ready to receive our 6th Anniversary El'lywood Costume Cube!
All players who log in on May 4 th will receive a FREE 6 th Anniversary El'lywood Costume Cube which can be used on any character level 10 and up (limit to one cube per account).
will receive a which can be used on any character level 10 and up (limit to one cube per account). If you miss out on this date, you'll still be able to receive the 6 th Anniversary El'lywood Costume Cube (15 Days) item so you can still look fabulous for this extravagant event. You'll be able to snag yours until May 16 th !
item so you can still look fabulous for this extravagant event. You'll be able to snag yours until May 16 ! Also, ALL PLAYERS who log in during the event will receive a free 6th Anniversary El'lywood Red Carpet Custom Sit Cube as a final gift from us to you! Also if that sit motion isn't flashy enough for you, talk to Ariel and she'll be able to help you upgrade your sit motion into the El'lywood Red Carpet – Glitz and Glamor Sit Motion!
Item Mall Goodies
Lights, Camera, ACTION! Ah El'lywoood, where the stars come out to play! And why should your character be any different? 6th Anniversary El'lywood Costume Package come out tomorrow!
Lastly, Rose and Ain get to finally join the ranks of rest of the Elgang, in terms of Idol Status that is! Rose and Ain 2015 Idol Packages will be ready to pick up just in time for our Anniversary Celebration!
That's all for now folks~
See y'all in game!
CLOSE Reporters and private citizens from around the U.S. have attempted to gain access to Ferguson police email correspondence regarding the death of Michael Brown. Questions surround the possibility that some of those emails may have been deleted.
Michael Brown was shot and killed by a Ferguson police officer. (Photo11: family photo)
ST. LOUIS — For weeks, KSDK-TV has pored over more than 2,000 pages of documents filed under Missouri's public records law — the "Sunshine Law" — for information about the Michael Brown shooting.
The documents raise new questions about what has — and has not — been released about the Aug. 9 fatal shooting of the unarmed black teen by white Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson.
Would e-mails between Ferguson police and other officials shed any light on the shooting, the protests, law enforcement and National Guard reaction?
KSDK-TV reviewed copies of open-records requests from reporters and private citizens across the country — and around the world — that flooded Ferguson after the shooting.
Many of those requests were for e-mails, but one request stood out, from reporter Jason Leopold.
"I wanted every officer's inbox to be searched," Leopold said. "I had assumed all the e-mail boxes were searched."
Leopold, with the international online news channel Vice News, filed an open-records request asking for "any and all emails" police sent about Brown and the protests in the five weeks that followed.
They made national headlines when Ferguson billed Leopold $1,200 for the search, which produced just seven e-mail exchanges.
When asked about the city's search procedures, Ferguson's city manager issued a statement.
"The City has instructed the contractor to search all emails on the system," said Ferguson City Manager John Shaw. "Including deleted emails for the keywords provided by the requester."
But questions about the search arose after KSDK-TV reviewed a report produced by Acumen Consulting, the St. Louis-based company the city hired to search its e-mail.
The report Acumen sent to Ferguson officials read: "Per City of Ferguson policy, it is assumed at this time that no one has violated the 'no email deletions' policy."
Two computer experts called that assumption unusual.
Vinnie Troia of Night Lion Security of St. Louis said Acumen's assumption that no e-mails were deleted effectively put blinders on the process.
"As you're looking at a forensic process, the first thing you're looking at is deleted items," Troia said.
"This does not appear to be a thorough search," said Minneapolis-based cybersecurity expert Mark Lanterman.
Lanterman said although the consultant may have searched for some deleted e-mails, the only comprehensive way to do a search is to look for deleted and purged deleted e-mails.
After e-mails are deleted — and the trash bin emptied — they sometimes survive deep in a computer's memory.
And the time spent Acumen was allowed to spend on the search may have affected its outcome.
"It is possible to perform a 'per computer deleted item search,'" the Acumen consultant told Ferguson officials, but it would "require 30 minutes per computer request."
"Per our discussion regarding budget control, I have stopped the search at five hours and am I presenting the results," Acumen said in its final report to Ferguson officials.
"I do believe there is a smoking gun out there someplace, and it's likely in someone's trash bin," Leopold said. "I'm outraged, and I think the public should be as well."
KSDK-TV tried to contact Acumen multiple times, but got no response.
The station has filed an open-records request for every deleted Ferguson e-mail since August.
The city has requested a down payment of $500.
Ptacek also reports for WUSA-TV, Washington, D.C.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qZbWNE
They Lifeng (front center), chairperson of the National Development and Reform Commission, and Zhang Yong (far right) and Ning Jizhe (left), both vice-chairpeople of the NDRC, take questions from reporters after a news conference at the press center of the CPC 19th National Congress on Saturday. FENG YONGBIN/CHINA DAILY
China's GDP is expected to exceed 80 trillion yuan ($12.08 trillion) this year, with a growth rate possibly higher than the annual target of around 6.5 percent, the chairperson of the National Development and Reform Commission said on Saturday.
It means the annual growth from last year will reach more than 6 trillion yuan, an increment as large as a medium-sized developed country's GDP, and would also be higher than any annual added amount in the past five years, NDRC Chairman They Lifeng said at a news conference at the 19th CPC National Congress.
China has contributed more than one-third of global economic growth on average each year since 2012, making it the world's largest contributor, they said.
In the first three quarters, China achieved year-on-year GDP growth of 6.9 percent, with stable inflation as measured by 1.5 percent year-on-year growth in the consumer price index, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.
In terms of supply-side reform, which aims to rebalance the economy toward a high-quality growth pattern, the country has reduced overcapacity of steel and iron production by 110 million metric tons, along with cutting 400 million tons of coal, and shifting more resources into high-tech and innovation-driven industries, the NDRC chairperson said.
On the other hand, new technology, industries and business models are increasing their contribution to stabilize economic growth momentum. Emerging industries of strategic importance achieved total operational revenue of 19.1 trillion yuan last year, up by 75 percent from 2012, NDRC data show.
The country's big data industry increased by 43.7 percent last year, and it is expected to continually expand at a rate higher than 50 percent in the next three years, according to the NDRC.
Louis Kuijs, head of Asia economics for Oxford Economics, said, "We think in the coming years these quality and equality aspects will drive economic policy reform by further improving access to health, education and pension provision, and improve China's environment and ecology."
Regional strategies and plans, including coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and plans for the Yangtze River Economic Zone, will further consolidate China's overall economic growth, experts said.
The central government is putting the finishing touches on the construction plan for the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province, while a framework for the area's administration policies is heading for final discussion and approval, the NDRC chairperson said.
They said more than 300 experts have participated in drafting the plan, and added that the area will be constructed to high standards, as Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, pointed out on Wednesday in their report to the 19th CPC National Congress.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The biggest California gay rights advocacy group on Wednesday said it needed three years to build a coalition to repeal a ban on same-sex marriage in the state, creating a rift in the movement with those who want to go back to the polls next year while anger is hot.
Gay couple Ethan Collings (L), 32, and their spouse Stephen Abate, 36, hug as they celebrate their one-year wedding anniversary in West Hollywood, California, June 16, 2009. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
California, the most populous state and often a standard-bearer for social liberalism, is the biggest prize in U.S. culture wars. Its next fight over gay marriage is sure to draw in national organizations, cost $100 million or more, and may affect the next U.S. presidential campaign if it takes place in 2012.
California's November 2008 vote to ban same-sex marriage, months after the state's top court legalized it, bolstered the power of social conservatives and sparked nationwide protests among gays and their allies. It was followed by legalization of gay marriage in a handful of mostly Northeastern states and a court challenge aimed at the U.S. Supreme Court.
“It takes time, commitment and lots of volunteers to undo the untruths that our opponents have been telling,” said Marc Solomon, marriage director of Equality California, in a conference call. “We can have majority support by 2012.”
Their group raised the most money and led the 2008 campaign against Proposition 8, which defines marriage as between a man and a woman and was approved by California voters.
Big donors are not ready to fund a new fight so soon after failure, and a door-to-door campaign will take time, they said. A bigger turnout in the 2012 presidential election year, as well as younger voters, will add 4 percentage points to the margin of victory, the group estimated.
GRASS-ROOTS WON'T WAIT
But smaller groups have said waiting will sap momentum among gays and their allies still smarting from the unexpected ballot results. They vowed to mount a 2010 challenge, which would coincide with federal mid-term elections.
“This is not some kitchen table group. If you stop that momentum now, those people won't necessarily be there in 2012 when you decide to start your campaign back up,” John Henning, executive director of Love Honor Cherish, said ahead of Equality California's expected announcement.
Henning's group has a plan to gather more than a million signatures with volunteers and says a $32 million war chest would be enough to win the fight.
The California debate reflects a national question over how solid opposition is to same-sex marriage. Many advocates say that exposure to stable same-sex couples and assurances that churches will not be forced to marry gays will convince a silent majority that anyone should be able to marry. But most states explicitly ban such gay unions, and have often done so by popular vote.
Activism among gay rights groups has intensified since the November defeat in California, but social conservatives with deep pockets and legendary organizational skills are preparing for the next fight, too.
“California will continuously stay in play and it is a big prize,” said Tom McClusky, vice president of the legislative arm of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian lobby. “Of course we would be willing to go toe to toe again.”
ProtectMarriage.com, which helped coordinate passage of the ban, scoffed at the division among gay marriage advocates. “While the other side issues many press releases about their activity, we are quietly but effectively building on our majority in California,” it said in a statement.
Proponents of the 2010 challenge say the decision will be made from the bottom up and that big groups will join as a campaign plan is laid out and early efforts show success.
“We're in a movement era,” said Rick Jacobs, who chairs the Courage Campaign, which trains grass-roots organizers. The day after the California ban passed — and after President Barack Obama was elected — was a wake-up call for gay advocates, they said.
“On the one hand they put an African American man in the White House when it was impossible. On the other hand they had their rights taken away.” They said their group has raised more than $100,000 in a few days for a fight to repeal the ban.
Equality California said it would take a lot more money and said gay marriage opponents were raising money faster in Maine, which is likely to vote on gay marriage in November.
“We are very concerned that $100,000 is not $50 million,” said Equality California Executive Director Geoff Kors, adding that they saw only one shot to win in the next two California elections.
(Additional reporting by Ed Stoddard in Dallas)
Alexandra Posadzki, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- For the past six months, Harold Chizick and their wife have been trying to buy a bigger home in Toronto to accommodate their family of six, but none of the offers they have put in have succeeded.
In that time, the average price of properties in the Greater Toronto Area has soared by more than $160,000.
"While we've seen some beauties that we've really wanted to be able to buy, we can't take the risk of overpaying for a property," says Chizick.
"I know it seems far-fetched but I think at some point the market is going to correct. As a buyer, you have to have that in the back of your head before getting into this bidding frenzy."
Chizick's hope of a market correction may be a gamble given the latest real estate data in the country's hottest housing market.
Home prices in the GTA continued to climb last month, with the average price hitting $916,567, a 33.2 per cent leap from what it was a year ago, the Toronto Real Estate Board said Wednesday.
The latest figures come as governments at various levels contemplate options aimed at cooling the market.
Politicians, particularly in Ontario, have been under growing pressure to do something about housing prices that have far outpaced fundamentals such as wage growth.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa has indicated there will be measures in the upcoming budget to address the housing market. Some of the options under consideration include taxing vacant homes, foreign buyers and speculative activity.
Such measures may help suppress demand, but some have cautioned that they fail to address the real underlying cause of rising prices -- the lack of available homes for sale.
"It has been encouraging to see that policy-makers have not implemented any knee-jerk policies regarding the GTA housing market," TREB president Larry Cerqua in a statement.
"Policy-makers must remember that it is the interplay between the demand for and supply of listings that influences price growth."
Toronto Mayor John Tory weighed in Wednesday, calling the situation "deeply troubling" for anyone trying to purchase a home.
Realtors have told the government to avoid policies that could knock the industry off-kilter, despite worries that Toronto is on the cusp of a housing price crash like the one it experienced nearly 30 years ago.
Shawn Zigelstein, a sales representative with Royal LePage Your Community Realty, blames dwindling supply for the escalating prices.
The number of properties listed on the market rose by 15.2 per cent from a year ago, but at the same time, the number of sales rose by 17.7 per cent.
Soaring prices have left some homeowners reluctant to put their properties up for sale until they've managed to purchase a new home, said Zigelstein.
"They're just being very cautious," they said. "They're waiting for that home that they want to move into to come on the market before they make a move on the selling standpoint."
Jason Mercer, TREB's director of market analysis, said that trend will have to reverse itself in order for the city's housing market to stabilize.
"A substantial period of months in which listings growth is greater than sales growth will be required to bring the GTA housing market back into balance," Mercer said.
The average price of detached houses in the Greater Toronto Area was $1.21 million in March, up 33.4 per cent from last year. For the city of Toronto, the average price of detached properties hit $1.56 million, an increase of 32.8 per cent from March 2016.
The MLS home price composite benchmark price for all communities measured by TREB was $772,500, up 28.6 per cent from a year ago.
Yesterday Fearless Leader did a nice breakdown of the top positions of need now that free agency has died down. I don't disagree with the rankings, but I thought it might be interesting to see who might be the best player available at that position when the Vikings go on the clock with pick 23.
Middle Linebacker Options: Kevin Minter, LSU, Alec Ogletree, Georgia, or Manti Te'o, Notre Dame. Of the three, Ogletree is projected to be the one player selected over the other two before the Vikings pick. If he's still around, I think he's a solid pick, but I actually lean towards Kevin Minter here. Both are great tacklers, but I like Minter in coverage just a little bit more than Ogletree. It's not much of a difference, but enough that I lean towards the LSU player.
Now, Manti Te'o. I probably made more fun of that guy than anyone over the fake dead girlfriend thing, but they handled themselves better than anyone expected at the Combine. Are they overrated? It's easy to say that based on the terrible game they had against Alabama in the National Championship, but consider that Notre Dame had one of the toughest schedules in 2012, and you can talk yourself into saying that was just a bad game. A really, really bad game, but it was the exception, not the rule.
There's also a lot of smoke surrounding Te'o and the Vikings. GM Rick Spielman has mentioned their name more than once, the Vikings like taking Notre Dame players (and it's paid dividends), and MLB is a real position of need. If the Vikings were satisfied with the answers Te'o gave in the NFL Combine interview, I'm putting them as my clubhouse favorite at #23.
Cornerback Options: Desmond Trufant, Washington, or Jamar Taylor, Boise State. Trufant is actually a guy a fair amount of mocks like for the Vikings, and they would be a good pick here. Taylor seems like they would be a bit of a reach. Dee Milliner and Xavier Rhodes, the top two consensus corners in the draft, will probably be long gone by then. A guy that's really shooting up draft boards is Jonathan Banks of Mississippi State, but enough to get into the first round? I don't know. Trufant seems the logical choice here, and I wouldn't be disappointed at all if they were to be selected.
Wide Receiver Options: Cordarrelle Patterson, Tennessee, Tavon Austin, West (By Gawd) Virginia, or Keenan Allen, Cal. Like Chris said, signing Greg Jennings was a big deal, but there's more work to be done at this position. Patterson will be gone by the time the Vikings pick, so the most likely candidate here is Tavon Austin. What they lack in height (5'9") they make up for in speed, so if you want a deep threat, he's your deep threat. Keenan Allen's injury seems to be worse than expected, or is slow to heal. They were unable to participate in the Combine, or phis pro day, and with Spielman's philosophy of not taking big chances with injured guys, I wouldn't be surprised if they came off the Vikings draft board. And that might open the door for a guy like DeAndre Hopkins. He's not as fast as Austin, but has the more traditional WR build.
Defensive Tackle Options: Jonathan Hankins, Ohio State, or Kawaan Short, Purdue. The top three defensive tackles in the draft will be gone by the time pick #23 rolls around, but if for some strange quirk any one of Shariff Floyd, Star Lotulelei, or Sheldon Richardson were still on the board, they would be the obvious choice. I'm admittedly partial to Hankins, and I've seen almost all of their games. They can be a disruptive force in the middle, reminds me a lot of Kevin Williams, but their only issue is consistency. If he's there and DT is what the Vikings want, then take him. I actually picked Short for the Vikings in my second mock, but I just don't see them as a first round talent anymore; they would be a reach there.
Guard Options: I don't have any real options for guard here for a couple reasons. I have the top two guys at that position, Chance Warmack and Jonathan Cooper, gone by the time the Vikings get to their pick. Secondly, also like Chris, I think guard is the lowest priority compared to all these other positions, and using a first round pick on a guy like Justin Pugh, probably the best guard remaining after the top two, would be a mistake.
So there you go. The top guys at each position that have a good chance of still being around in the back part of the draft. Thoughts?
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Hillary Clinton, of “I Should've Won the White House!” fame, apparently isn't content to deliver 10- and 20-second talking points from their national podium about the dang Russians who worked with President Donald Trump to give them that presidential title.
She's gotta write a book about it, too.
That's right. Clinton's new book will reportedly double down on the Russian election interference angle — as well as one that rings in former FBI chief James Comey as a heavy factor in their loss, too.
They just wants to get the story out, their friends privately say.
“She really believes that's why they lost, and they want to explain why in no uncertain terms,” one of their political supporters told The Hill. “She wants the whole story out there from their own perspective. I think a lot of people are going to be really surprised by how much they reveal.”
Well, probably not — not if the book focuses, as hinted, on the Russia-Trump election collusion message, or on the Comey's a Traitor rhetoric, either. America already knows these lines. And they're boring.
It's too bad. Clinton's missing an opportunity to write something actually interesting.
The Clintons have been in politics for a long, very long time. And they've proven time and again a willingness to wheel and deal, to use political office for personal gain and to lie about it when it benefits. That means their friend list is long — so too, their enemy list. If they would only dish, their book would probably be a bombshell.
But that's not the Hillary way. She'd rather throw a pity party.
On that, even Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer says it's time to bury the hatchet.
“When you lose to somebody who has 40 percent popularity, you don't blame other things — Comey, Russia — you blame yourself,” Schumer said to The Washington Post, just recently.
Clinton's failure is they can't.
And on that score, their book carries a larger message.
If Clinton's memoirs are heavy on the same sort of finger-pointing we've already been treated to since November, it'll be the mark of political death for them It's bad enough Clinton's rhetoric shows they can't move on from their loss. Putting it in writing, for all the world to see, and in a form that's as long as a book, will prove once and for all their resiliency to bounce back from adversity has been tapped.
She'll be remembered not only for their failed political career, but also for their book-length whine about why they were screwed.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Earlier this year, I took on the authorities who put Tonya Craft on trial in North Georgia for allegedly molesting three children, including their own daughter. Thanks to Ms. Craft's tenacity for the truth and a good legal team, the jury acquitted them of all 22 counts after a month-long trial in which prosecution witnesses clearly committed perjury and one of the prosecutors, Christopher Arnt, openly lied to jurors in closing arguments. (The jurors themselves were the ones making that last statement, not me.)
Ms. Craft was one of thousands of Americans who each year are charged and tried for what supposedly is an epidemic of child abuse/molestation, and it also is clear that the charges often are false, brought by ex-spouses in custody proceedings (in order to gain leverage) or by vengeful neighbors and others. In the Craft case, it was both.
This set of judicial travesties came, not surprisingly, after the passage of federal legislation, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act of 1974, also called the Mondale Act after the law's sponsor, Walter Mondale. (Perhaps it is ironic that Mondale, who is a self-proclaimed "social justice" advocate, is more responsible for wrongful convictions and destruction of individuals and families than any other American in the nation's history, as literally thousands of people have gone to prison even though it is clear the charges against them were false, fed by the hysteria that Mondale helped to create.)
Our Enemy, the State Albert Jay Nock Best Price: $49.79 Buy New $231.59 (as of 02:45 EST - Details)
The authorities want us to believe that there are abusers and molesters lurking behind every tree and that they are operating everywhere. On my blog, I have written about a number of cases in which authorities at government schools and elsewhere, along with an army of "child protective" workers employed by government, have interrogated children until they "disclosed" abuse, even when it was obvious that no abuse had occurred. (Schools especially are hot to push children to "disclose" what authorities call "bad touches" even if that touch might be a pat on the back. I'm not kidding.)
The Man Versus the State Herbert Spencer Check Amazon for Pricing.
Moreover, authorities are hot to prosecute individuals for possession of "child pornography," and even parents who innocently took pictures of their young children in the bathtub have been prosecuted as "child pornographers." Even to glance at a picture of a nude child in America today is a crime and can land an unsuspecting person in prison.
One would think that federal and state authorities, then, would be highly interested to know that each day, individuals wearing costumes engage in both child pornography and "bad touches," and do it in full view of others. Where does this happen? At U.S. airports, which feature the infamous backscatter "imaging" machines, along with full "pat-downs" for people who decline to be subjected to a virtual strip search.
While the government has released the fuzzy photos of actual people who have been scanned by these machines, in reality the pictures are extremely clear. Furthermore, the people wearing Transportation Security Administration costumes each day examine both full frontal and rear pictures of the nude bodies of adults and children, even though it is against the law for anyone to look at a picture of a nude child on a computer screen, something that has landed many people in prison for long terms.
I am not joking. Moreover, people who decline to be photographed are then subjected to the "pat down" searches in which TSA employees rub their hands upon the genitals and breasts of women (on the outside of their clothing). What one needs to understand is that if one does that to another person in another setting, one can go to prison for sexual assault. In fact, one does not need even to touch any of those areas to be charged with child molestation.
The Rise and Fall of S... Frank Chodorov Best Price: $20.00 (as of 08:55 EST - Details)
Let me give an example. In Catoosa County (where Tonya Craft's trial took place), Georgia, James Combs, a substitute teacher, is charged with child molestation because they patted some children on the back during class. (I have read the police reports in this case, along with other documents, and can tell readers confidently that Mr. Combs did not molest anyone, but in the aftermath of the Craft debacle, the Catoosa County authorities are desperate to get back their credibility and hope a jury will convict Mr. Combs.)
Nowhere in those police reports has there been a credible description of Mr. Combs doing what TSA workers do every day at airports. In other words, these workers have a free pass to do what would land anyone else into prison.
Anarchy T-Shirt Check Amazon for Pricing.
But there is more. Readers might object to my contentions, claiming, "They are just doing their jobs!" That, of course, is nonsense, but it is worse than nonsense; it is dangerous nonsense.
Why do I say that? We already know that certain jobs will involve self-selection of people with certain traits and viewpoints. In my own profession, academic economics, the field of labor economics often attracts activist women on the Left because of "discrimination" issues in the area of race and sex in the workplace. Furthermore, because leftist women so dominate the field, most males in economics doctoral programs avoid the labor field altogether, as federal hiring laws make it difficult for them to gain academic jobs when women apply for the same position.
Given the realities of occupational self-selection, one almost can be sure that the prospect of looking at photographs of nude children and engaging in the act of "feeling up" adults and children will attract sexual perverts to TSA employment. Does that mean everyone in the TSA is a sex pervert? Obviously, not.
However, because the jobs really do involve being able to examine what clearly are pornographic images and the placing of one's hands on the genitals and breasts of adults and children, there is no doubt that the job description alone is going to attract sexually perverted people. After all, TSA employment permits workers to do something "under color of law" that would land one in prison elsewhere.
At this point, I am sure that some readers will object, claiming that I am making false accusations against "the brave men and women who protect us from terrorists." To that, I say: Yeah, right. We are speaking about people who are making salaries that dwarf what most people make in the private sector (or in the classroom as teachers, for that matter), and who really need no qualifications other than being alive. To my knowledge, no TSA worker ever has prevented a "terrorist" attack, nor has their ubiquitous presence made flying any safer. In truth, TSA workers are useless (and often dangerous) tax feeders.
Furthermore, because they are protected by law, TSA workers are able to push the bounds of decency beyond limits that ordinary people can imagine. For example, Lew Rockwell recently published this post on their blog:
A great man had to go through their first invasive pat-down at the airport the other day, since their knee replacements bar them from the naked x-ray machine. This is a kindest, most well-mannered man I know, but after four very hard jabs to their genitals, they asked the federal agent: "How can you live with yourself, feeling up men all day?" "I love my job," sneered the goon.
Lest someone think I am being unfair, if James Combs or anyone else charged with child molestation in the line of work had made such a statement ("I love my job"), prosecutors would use that statement against them in court, as they would claim that it was a self-admission of guilt.
Don't kid yourselves. The prospect of getting one's sexual jollies on the job is so great that I can guarantee you that TSA employment is attracting real sex perverts, people who both can "love their job" while engaging in sexual assault. A lot of people today are in prison for doing much less than what these people do every day of the year.
The Best of William L. Anderson
Startups like Uber have an independent contractor problem. Companies like Facebook have a user privacy problem. Twitter has a growth problem.
And Reddit — no surprise — has a moderator problem. And it's a very loud and noisy one.
The social news service has thousands of loyal, unpaid moderators who produce and curate the lion's share of content on the site. But a staff firing and the controversy that erupted thereafter yesterday has moderators of some of the most influential and important parts of the site closing off their sections in protest, posing a serious problem for Reddit's future.
For a complete rundown of what happened, Gawker's Ashley Feinberg has compiled a detailed and incisive look at full the series of events.
The gist of it is this: Reddit's comms director Victoria Taylor, a key support staffer for many moderators, was let go for reasons that haven't been made clear. Unpaid moderators (“subreddit” leaders who perform the drudgery of running some of the Internet's most prolific forums) who worked closely with Taylor say this will make their jobs harder, because they're stretched thin already.
Taylor's key job was to coordinate the site's highly popular “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) posts, bringing in and assisting celebrities and public figures through the AMA process. Many on Reddit speculate that Taylor lost their job because of Jesse Jackson's disastrous AMA last week, though an r/IAmA (the subreddit designated specifically for these posts) moderator who claims to be familiar with the situation says that isn't so.
In response to Taylor's sacking, the moderators of various highly-trafficked subreddits — r/AskReddit, r/Movies, r/Music and so on — have set their subreddits to private, meaning anyone who shows up sees the equivalent of a 404 screen. This means some of the site's key traffic draws are simply out of operation.
Reporting from last year indicates the company is still unprofitable, while investors probably remain patient because the site garners around 170 million of unique monthly visitors.
The conventional wisdom in tech is that profitability comes to those who can attract large audiences, not the other way around; in September, Re/code reported that the company was in the middle of raising at least $50 million at a $500 million valuation.
At its core, this latest controversy puts Reddit's biggest vulnerability on display, perhaps moreso than last year's celebrity nude photo hack or the service's well-documented harassment and abuse problem.
Reddit is powered by the moderators, who aren't paid or given much oversight for their work. In the case of r/IAmA, before Taylor was hired in 2013, mods appear to have done much of the work in making sure AMAs ran smoothly, which means AMAs often did not run smoothly. Woody Harrelson's catastrophic AMA is a well-known example of this.
Regardless of the circumstances under which Taylor was let go, it's clear that Reddit failed to be up front with the moderators they worked with about what happened. It's obvious now, but pissing off moderators has severe consequences for Reddit.
When moderators feel disrespected by Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian or interim CEO Ellen Pao, they can voice their frustrations by effectively shutting down the website. Reddit doesn't have much, if any, leverage, because they don't actually employ moderators, which means it has no control over people who effectively run key, public-facing parts of the company.
Everything about which Reddit talks a big game — curbing abuse, protecting free speech, being the “front page of the Internet” — is directly tied to a model of content curation over which the company has little authority.
Onstage at the Code Conference in May, Pao affirmed for the audience that Reddit's not just popular on the Internet, “Reddit is the Internet.”
Maybe so. But if that's the case, it seems Reddit has just as much control over itself as it does the whole web.
Update: Speaking with The New York Times' Mike Isaac, interim CEO Ellen Pao said, “We should have informed our community moderators about the transition and worked through it with them.” Reddit co-founder and executive chairperson Alexis Ohanian added, “We definitely hear that we need to make changes when it comes to communicating.” No details were given about why Taylor was let go.
Fresh water and reusable energy. Humans are on a constant hunt for a sustainable supply of both. Water purification requires a lot of energy, while utility companies need large amounts of water for energy production. Their goal is to find a low-energy-required treatment technology. Researchers from the University of Colorado Denver College of Engineering and Applied Science may have discovered an answer.
Last year, a study published in Environmental Science & Technology incorporated desalination into microbial fuel cells, a new technology that can treat wastewater and produce electricity simultaneously. However, putting it into practical use proved to be challenging due to current fluctuation. Zhiyong (Jason) Ren and their team with the University of Colorado Denver discovered, after six months from the initial hypothesis to completion, that they could produce hydrogen gas, which is collectible and storable, thus making improvements in the technology.
The study was published in Environmental Science & Technology on December 1 and is funded by the Office of Naval Research.
"Ships and their crews need energy generated on-site as well as fresh drinking water," said Ren. "Thus, the Navy is very interested in both low energy desalination and renewable energy production."
A recent study by Logan group at Penn State University also demonstrated similar findings in that the energy contained in hydrogen gas not only can offset the energy used for the desalination process but has surplus that can be used for downstream processing.
Next steps for Ren and their team will include using real wastewater to test the efficiency as well as optimizing the reactor configuration to improve system performance.
"This discovery is a milestone for our new research group," said Ren. "We are very excited about our findings and will continue working to improve the technology."
CLOSE Did you know that rivers can be endangered just like animals? American Rivers has come up with the list of the most endangered rivers in the US. Jose Sepulveda (@josesepulvedatv) has more. Buzz60
The Lower Colorado River at Morelos Dam in Yuma, Ariz. The river has been named the nation's most endangered river for 2017. (Photo: Justin Clifton)
Sure, we all know about endangered species, but did you know there are endangered rivers, too?
Environmental group American Rivers released its annual list of the USA's "most endangered" rivers Tuesday, and this year the top dishonor goes to the Lower Colorado River, which runs through Arizona, Nevada and California.
The Colorado provides drinking water for 30 million Americans in cities such as Los Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas and Phoenix and also helps grow 90% of the nation's winter vegetables. "It's an incredibly important river for the economic and environmental welfare of the nation," American Rivers President Bob Irvin said.
One of the main threats to the river, they said, is that the river is "overtapped," since demand is far outstripping the supply.
“The Lower Colorado is the lifeblood of the region and grows food for Americans nationwide, but the river is at a breaking point," said Matt Rice, Colorado Basin director for American Rivers. "It is critical that the Trump administration and Congress support and fund innovative water management solutions."
Irvin said that some of the draconian cuts to federal agencies and rollbacks of environmental rules as proposed by the Trump administration would undo recent progress there.
“Americans must speak up and let their elected officials know that healthy rivers are essential to our families, our communities and our future," Irvin said. "We must take care of the rivers that take care of us”
American Rivers has also reached out to Latino communities about preserving the Colorado River, as one-third of the nation's Latino population lives in the river basin. The group has made "a conscious decision to engage another community that may not have been as engaged in conservation," Irvin said.
Maite Arce, the president of the Hispanic Access Foundation, said “the Lower Colorado River is an integral part of our heritage and way of life. From serving as the backbone for the agricultural industry to providing a cultural focal point for faith communities, the Lower Colorado River is essential to the livelihood of the Southwest.”
Other rivers on this year's list include the Bear River in California; the South Fork Skykomish River in Washington; the Mobile Bay rivers of Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi; and the Rappahannock River in Virginia.
The "top 10" most endangered rivers are rounded out by the Green-Toutle River in Washington; the Neuse and Cape Fear Rivers in North Carolina; the Middle Fork Flathead River in Montana; the Buffalo National River in Arkansas; and the Menominee River in Michigan and Wisconsin.
Threats to the other rivers range from fracking and mining to poor water management and new dams.
These rivers aren't the nation's "worst" or most polluted rivers. According to American Rivers, three factors allow rivers to be placed on the list: The significance of the river to human and natural communities; the magnitude of the threat to the river and its nearby communities, especially in light of a changing climate; and a major decision that the public can help influence in the coming year.
The group has been compiling an annual list of the nation's most endangered rivers since 1984.
The Lower Colorado River helps irrigate 90% of the nation's winter vegetables. (Photo: Amy Martin)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oT3LMN
THE French interior minister has asked Google, Facebook and Twitter to work directly with French officials during ­investigations and to immediately remove terrorist propaganda when authorities alert them to it.
“We emphasised that when an investigation is under way we don't want to go through the usual government to government channels, which can take so long,” said French interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve on Friday after meeting representatives from the US technology giants. “It's ­im­portant to have full co-operation and a quick reaction,” they added.
Cazeneuve's one-day visit to San Francisco and Silicon Valley comes weeks after terrorist attacks in Paris left 20 people dead, including three gunmen.
On 7 January, two gunmen killed 12 people and injured 11 more during an attack on the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris. A third gunman killed a police officer on 8 January and then killed four more people a day later after taking hostages at a kosher ­supermarket in Paris. Police killed the three gunmen.
Twitter and Facebook spokespeople said they do every­thing they could to stop material that incites violence but did not say whether they would heed Cazeneuve's request for direct co-operation with France.
“We regularly host ministers and other governmental officials from across the world at Facebook, and were happy to welcome Cazeneuve today,” a Facebook spokesperson said. “We work aggressively to ensure we do not have terrorists or terror groups using the site, and we also remove any content that praises or supports terrorism.”
When asked whether Twitter would work closely with French investigators, a spokesperson said its website outlines the guidelines for law enforcement to request information. “We review all reported content against our rules, which prohibit direct, specific threats of violence against others,” the spokesperson wrote in an e-mail.
An e-mail to Google requesting comment was not immediately answered.
Cazeneuve said they called on the technology companies to join in the fight against the terrorist propaganda disseminated on the internet and to block terrorists' ability to use websites and online videos to recruit and indoctrinate new followers. The pace of foreign fighters joining Islamic State and other extremist groups has not slowed and at least 3,400 come from western nations among 20,000 from around the world, according to US intelligence officials.
“I told them we can figure this out together, we can come up with counter-terrorism speech and block these sites that are enticing the most vulnerable members of our society to commit terrorist acts,” said Cazeneuve.
France is also pushing for ­jihadi material on the internet to be treated like child porn, an approach that before the attacks in Paris was getting scant support but now seems to have caught the attention of Europe's top security officials.
Cazeneuve said the meeting in San Francisco was a first step in building a strong relationship between the technology companies and the French government.
They said they invited them to go to Paris in April to continue the conversation.
Over the years, I have written a handful of Firefox add-ons, and I need notifications quite frequently. Why? Most of my add-ons do something in the background at the user's request, and when it's done, the user wants to know. Alternatively, if my add-on attempts to do something and fails, the user would see nothing happen at all, unless I somehow tell them.
In real life, this is supposed to look something like this example, from "Copy URL":
The Mozilla Add-ons SDK even has a convenient API for it. Easy, right?
Sadly, not so fast: While the SDK is supposed to abstract all of this neatly away from me and "just work" on Linux, Windows, and OS X, the behavior is inconsistent, owed -- on OS X, anyway -- to the wonky state of notification support on the operating system level.
To Growl or not to Growl
I've ran into issues with notifications repeatedly over time, and employed a number of solutions so far. Spoiler alert: I am happy with none of them.
OS X 10.7 and below relied on a third-party tool called Growl to support notifications. If you had it installed, the SDK's API would work just great. Sadly, if you didn't have it installed, notifications would silently be swallowed. Worse yet, I was unable to detect if this happened, so I had no way to implement a fallback mechanism.
The OS X 10.8 "notification center" was supposed to fix this, but apparently, it will only display our notifications if the browser does not have the focus. In other words, it's completely useless for in-context notifications.
I considered all that a very poor user experience and instead of using the SDK's API, I implemented my own notifications module called "simple-notify" that would detect the availability of the notifications service (i.e., Growl or any other platform-specific service) first, and if none was found would employ a fallback mechanism.
The ugly but reliable notifications bar
The fallback mechanism I use is the once-ubiquitous, gray, Firefox notification bar:
It is shown in context, grabs the user's attention (perhaps a little too much) and, most importantly, it is reliably available on all platforms.
This notification bar has its downsides: For example, it's fairly intrusive and not easily ignored. My add-ons usually auto-close it after a few seconds. If I didn't do that, the bar would persist until closed by the user. This solution also can't handle more than one notification at a time: A second notification will overlay the previous one.
HTML5 Notifications API
Luckily, there's hope. The W3C Notifications API landed in Firefox 22, which (at the time of writing) is the next upcoming release version. If the Add-ons SDK is updated to use this API, this should finally allow me to use one line of code for notifications, not a few dozen.
In the context of a page, I can even use it already (without Add-ons SDK support), with two caveats:
To remain backwards compatible (for a while, anyway) I'd still have to implement a fallback mechanism. Once Firefox 22 is the current release version, however, I could relax that rule and just live with the fact that users of previous versions may or may not receive notifications.
The W3C standard (rightly) requires asking for permission before a website can issue notifications. Add-ons should be able to use notifications without explicit permission step.
I'm looking forward to the time when all this will smoothly work as expected!
I'm blogging about once a week in 2013, on various topics. This is my fifteenth post of the year.
It looks like there are going to be some big changes when Fox takes over the World Cup in 2018, and one of those may involve the amount of attention paid to Mexico. Anthony Crupi of Advertising Age has an interesting piece on the larger and larger role Fox's sports programming is playing in its pitches to advertisers in general, but the discussion of the 2018 World Cup and how the network plans to approach it is perhaps particularly notable. One major change? From what Fox Sports president Eric Shanks told Crupi, it sounds like the network will be heavily targeting not just fans of the U.S. national team, but also fans of the Mexican national team.
Shanks says their team learned a great deal during its flight attendantship of the 2015 Women's World Cup, and will apply those lessons to next year's tourney. “We know how to activate this country, and who to target, in order to get the most anticipation and viewership for the World Cup,” Shanks says, adding that in a bid to siphon off English-speaking Hispanic viewers from Telemundo, Fox will cover the Mexican national squad “as if it's a second home team.”
That's interesting, and it certainly could have upside, but it also comes with potential perils. The U.S. national team's rivalry with Mexico would suggest there are lots of American soccer fans who won't be thrilled to see extensive coverage of the Mexican team, especially if they're treated as “a second home team.” And it's far from clear that Fox will be able to take too many English-speaking Hispanic viewers from Telemundo. There's definitely a chance they could expand their audience if all goes well, but if this isn't handled carefully, it might lead to alienation of some viewers they already have.
Of course, this isn't entirely new. Fox has tried to draw in viewers who care about Mexican soccer before, particularly with a deal struck last February to air the Mexican national team's friendlies and World Cup qualifiers on FS1. But there's a big difference there; those seem like events you can get a new audience to tune into without as much risk of alienating the current one, as many of them are probably not watching Mexico games that don't directly impact the U.S. team. Favorable coverage of the Mexican team during an event like the World Cup that U.S. fans are intensely tuned into might not go so well.
This wasn't the only World Cup note from Crupi's piece. Unsurprisingly, Fox is targeting younger viewers (a key soccer demographic, and also a key demographic for advertisers), but something particularly interesting is that they plan to show a lot of games on the Fox broadcast network.
Fox also plans to go all-in on teenagers, which represent the first generation of Americans who recognize that soccer is no longer a niche sport, as was made evident by the 25.4 million viewers who watched USA beat Japan in the 2015 Final. Naturally, Fox will make the matches available on every conceivable platform, but to ensure the greatest possible linear TV audience, it also plans to schedule an unprecedented number of World Cup games on its free-to-air broadcast network.
That says a lot about how important Fox sees this as, and how they're looking to maximize the overall audience, not just pump up their cable networks. However, it's also a move that may come with some risk, especially considering the time zones. The 2018 World Cup will be played in 11 cities across Russia in time zones ranging from UTC+2 to UTC+5, seven to 10 hours ahead of Eastern Time, and most matches are likely to take place during the workday in U.S. time zones. That may pose some challenges with Fox affiliates and with the programming that normally airs at those times.
Overall, it certainly looks like Fox is planning to shake a few things up for the World Cup. It should be noted that their coverage of the 2015 Women's World Cup drew plenty of praise, and they may well be able to pull off a successful 2018 broadcast. And it could be very lucrative for them, especially if the U.S. and Mexico are both able to qualify. (The USMNT is currently fourth out of six teams in CONCACAF qualification after four out of 10 matches, and are in a playoff-required berth instead of an automatic one; they do have some favorable matches coming up, and are generally expected to be able to make it, but are not a lock. Mexico is in better shape, leading the group with 10 points through four matches, but they're also not assured of a berth just yet).
It sounds like Fox is going to be making some bold and ambitious moves, though, especially with that targeting of fans of the Mexican team and with the emphasis on the broadcast network. Those could pay off, but they also carry some substantial risks. We'll see how this develops as the World Cup draws closer.
[Advertising Age]
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 30, 2017, 3:20 PM GMT / Updated July 30, 2017, 3:20 PM GMT By Dante Chinni and Sally Bronston
This week, a new set of state polls from Gallup showed President Donald Trump's job approval numbers are very uneven and hold some deep challenges, but a deeper look at the numbers reveals clues about potential shifts in the electorate.
On the most basic level the Gallup data, based on daily tracking polls from Jan. 20 through June 30, show Trump's job approval is “underwater” (with higher “disapprove” than “approve” numbers) in 31 of the 50 states. Their approval number is only 50 percent or higher in 17 states.
But going deeper than Trump's broad struggles, the numbers in specific states show how the president's first six months seem to have locked down support in some places and perhaps changed the landscape in others.
Rock-Solid Trump Country — There are three states in the Gallup polling that stand apart from the rest for their Trump support: North Dakota, West Virginia and Wyoming. In each state, the president's job approval is 20 points or more above their job disapproval.
What do those states have in common, beyond a huge vote for Trump in November (he captured more than 60 percent of the vote in each)? Several things: All are rural. And all are big on fossil fuel production and not big on racial and ethnic diversity. The three are more than 84 percent white and non-Hispanic. Wyoming and West Virginia are first and second in terms of coal production. And North Dakota is the number two state in terms of crude oil production.
Put those pieces together and you have the underpinnings of true Trump country.
The Flips That May Be Holding — Trump won in November by carrying reliably Republican states and then flipping others that had voted for Barack Obama twice, including Ohio and Iowa. Those two states still look pretty good for Trump in the Gallup data. He's underwater in them, but not by a lot and their job approval rating is 45 percent or more. Furthermore, Trump's stronger approval number is coming in tandem with a disapproval number that is under 50 percent.
Trump's better standing in these states fits with their recent political history. Both have looked like swing states since 2000 and have voted for Republican presidential candidates besides Trump. Ohio voted for George W. Bush twice and Iowa voted for them in 2004. These were the easiest for flips for Trump in the Midwest, and the fact that he's holding their own in them is a good sign for him.
The Solids That Look Weaker — The Gallup numbers include a big warning sign for Trump in states that have long been among the reddest parts of the Republican coalition: Texas, Arizona and Georgia. Republican presidential candidates have won all those states in every election since 2000. In each one Trump is at least 7 points underwater and their job disapproval number is at 50 percent or more.
These are remarkable figures when you compare them to the approval numbers out of Ohio and Iowa. The Republican president is doing worse in these solid Southern and Southwestern states than they are in the Midwestern battlegrounds.
So what's happening here? These states are growing rapidly and diversifying racially and ethnically. The white non-Hispanic population of each is 55 percent or less, compared to a national figure of 61 percent. In Ohio and Iowa the white, non-Hispanic population is above 80 percent.
It's very early and Gallup's data comes from polling adults, not registered voters, but these numbers could signal the beginning of a geographic/demographic shift with serious political impacts.
The Blue Wall Reassembling? — Trump ultimately won the presidency with narrow victories in three states: Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. Democrats thought of the states as a great “blue wall” around the Great Lakes, but Trump smashed through and won where no Republican had won since 1988. Now, however, the Gallup data suggest some of the bricks may be falling back into place here. Trump is underwater by 9 or more points in the three states and is at 52 percent job disapproval in all of them.
Despite Trump's strength with the blue-collar voters associated with these states, the three also have some factors working against the president. All have long histories as union strongholds and the kinds of big urban centers that are very sour on Trump in most polling, such as Philadelphia, Detroit, Milwaukee.
And Trump's very narrow margins here in November — they won the three by a total of about 78,000 votes — mean they were never big supporters of him. Their slip in the blue-wall numbers may be tied to their slide in the polls overall. Whatever the reason, without these states in their corner, any shot at a second term would get much tougher for him.
Beyond any set of states, however, these numbers from Gallup bring to mind a phrase that journalists and analysts have been discussing for years: political realignment.
In 2016 the Trump campaign reshaped the political map and gave a Republican the most electoral votes since the 1988 presidential campaign. But Gallup's state polls raise questions about how lasting those changes may be and they suggest the Trump presidency may have its own impact on the 2020 electoral map.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
Photographing dead children was a common practice years ago during Late Victorian & Early Edwardian times. (1860 - 1910) Infant & child deaths were very common. For many children even a common sickness could be fatal. I've seen tombstones in graveyards here in Canada from the late 1800's where 3,4 or even as many as 6 young children from a single family who died from sicknesses are buried there. Today many of us are isolated from deaths, especially infant deaths due to modern medicine, whereas in those times it was a common thing. I wonder how many parents or children today would pose for a realistic photo with a dead family member?Scary photo...
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Central Bank opened the door on Thursday to turning on its money-printing presses to boost the euro zone economy and keep inflation from staying too low.
It kept interest rates steady at 0.25 percent at its regular meeting, but afterwards ECB President Mario Draghi said they and their colleagues were committed to doing anything they could to stop low inflation from dragging on too long.
This included quantitative easing, the printing of money to buy assets, something that previously was considered highly undesirable by some euro zone central bankers, and only to be considered if prices were falling outright.
But policymakers have been willing in recent weeks to publicly broach cutting deposit rates below zero - effectively charging banks to hold cash with the ECB - or embarking on QE bond purchases as the United States, Japan and Britain have, if the threat of deflation became more acute.
“We will monitor developments very closely and we will consider all instruments available to us,” Draghi said. “We are resolute in our determination to maintain a high degree of monetary accommodation and act swiftly if required.”
They added: “The Governing Council is unanimous in its commitment to using also unconventional instruments within its mandate in order to cope effectively with risks of a too prolonged period of low inflation.”
That marked a significant shift of tone from last month when Draghi appeared to set quite a high bar to action.
The euro weakened against the dollar after their comments, hitting its lowest level since February 28, but then recovered.
“The ECB is being slightly more dovish than the market expected,” said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York. “The main takeaway is that the council is considering unusual techniques, and that's negative for euro/dollar.”
Nonetheless some economists were skeptical that Draghi's words would soon be followed by action from the ECB.
“Our base case still is that the ECB is done easing and that major unconditional measures will not be taken, barring a major shock to the economy,” said Holger Sandte, chief European analyst at Nordea.
ING referred to it as “The Art of Doing Nothing”.
INFLATION
Euro zone inflation fell to 0.5 percent in March, levels last seen when the economy was deep in recession in 2009, but it was driven by the kind of softer food and energy prices the bank usually judges as temporary.
Draghi said the risk of deflation remained limited and labeled the latest inflation figures hard to read, partly because Easter holidays fall in April this year after coming in March last year, thereby delaying the impact of rising travel and hotel prices at a time when many people take a holiday.
“We need more information to assess whether there has been a change in the medium-term (inflation) outlook,” they said.
One reason for the shift in thinking on QE - most notably from Bundesbank chief Jens Weidmann, often a hardliner - appears to have been the strength of the euro which will bear down on import prices, depressing inflation further.
Indeed, one aim of flagging possible future action could be to try and talk the currency down.
Draghi said the exchange rate was not a policy target but was a factor in assessing price stability, and gave it greater prominence in their introductory statement.
“The possible repercussions of both geopolitical risks and exchange rate developments will be monitored closely,” they said.
Pressure from abroad to act has mounted, most notably from the International Monetary Fund, which has warned of the threat of “lowflation” rather than outright deflation.
“More monetary easing, including through unconventional measures, is needed in the euro area,” IMF head Christine Lagarde said in a speech on Wednesday, outlining the Fund's policy recommendations ahead of its spring meetings next week.
Draghi conceded that low inflation made euro zone debt harder to cut and economic adjustment more difficult - though they also chided the IMF for making more forceful recommendations to the ECB than it did to the U.S. Federal Reserve.
The OECD also warned of the risk of deflation on Thursday.
But buying government assets with newly created money is not an easy prospect for the ECB, and Draghi said that the central bank had not yet exhausted conventional means of stimulus.
It would have to decide how to spread the money between the bonds of different countries with varying credit qualities - and for this reason Draghi said that buying private-sector assets might have some advantages.
European Central Bank (ECB) President Mario Draghi takes their seat ahead of an European Union Finance Ministers informal meeting in Athens April 1, 2014. REUTERS/Yorgos Karahalis
Draghi also pointed out that the euro zone depended more on bank lending than on capital markets, in contrast to the United States, which could limit the effectiveness of QE.
($1 = 0.7249 Euros)
Richard Dawkins. (The Washington Post)
KPFA, the original Pacifica radio station — and one that I think can fairly be described as left-wing — often organizes events with book authors. One recent planned event (scheduled for Aug. 9) was with leading atheist author Richard Dawkins. But KPFA has now canceled that event because of Dawkins's past statements about Islam that KPFA management labeled “abusive” and “hurtful.” (For more, see this article by Frances Dinkelspiel.)
Of course, KPFA is free to invite speakers based on their viewpoints. (Though it is a public radio station, it's not a government-run one; it thus isn't bound by the First Amendment, and indeed has its own First Amendment rights to decide what events it will organize.) And it is free to disinvite speakers as well, subject only to any contractual obligations (obligations that, even if they were entered into, would likely be discharged just by paying contractual damages).
Nonetheless, it's interesting to see KPFA's rationale, just as evidence of how some on the left — a place that has traditionally been quite hospitable to hostility to religion — view criticisms of Islam.
I asked Bob Baldock, the events coordinator at KPFA, about why the Dawkins event was canceled. Baldock said that, while there are “a number of things in [Dawson's] writing that we have enormous admiration for,” KPFA objected to some public comments by Dawkins — in particular, remarks “about how Islam is the most evil religion on the planet” (apparently referring to the remarks quoted in an article in the Telegraph) and their statement, “to hell with Muslims and their culture.” I believe the quote to which Baldock was referring was just “to hell with their culture,” see this video starting at 3:30:
Baldock also said that having Dawkins speak would set up “such a problematic thing for our audience and, I feel, the Muslim community in the Bay Area.” And Baldock remarked that they had traveled in the Middle East, and “I know how beaten down Palestinians feel” — “their collective self-esteem is the lowest it's ever been.”
“To make remarks like that [i.e., Dawkins' remarks],” Baldock said, “I can't fathom what possible good it could do.” “I think they should butt out of this issue,” Baldock said (referring to the merits of Islam).
Baldock also noted that this was the only event they had canceled in the more than a thousand that they had helped organize, setting aside events when the speaker was sick or otherwise couldn't make it. For more details on the controversy, see this short program at KPFA itself, as well as Dawkins's response.
For a better perspective on just what KPFA was objecting to, here are Dawkins's Telegraph remarks to which KPFA appeared to be objecting:
It's tempting to say all religions are bad, and I do say all religions are bad, but it's a worse temptation to say all religions are equally bad because they're not. If you look at the actual impact that different religions have on the world it's quite apparent that at present the most evil religion in the world has to be Islam. It's terribly important to modify that because of course that doesn't mean all Muslims are evil, very far from it. Individual Muslims suffer more from Islam than anyone else. They suffer from the homophobia, the misogyny, the joylessness which is preached by extreme Islam, Isis and the Iranian regime. So it is a major evil in the world, we do have to combat it, but we don't do what Trump did and say all Muslims should be shut out of the country. That's draconian, that's illiberal, inhumane and wicked. I am against Islam not least because of the unpleasant effects it has on the lives of Muslims.
And here are the remarks on the Maher show:
[Maher:] Also this notion that somehow Islam and Muslims are this protected species, that if we talk about them at all, or criticize at all, it's somehow hurting or humiliating Muslims. And that's a ridiculous idea. [Dawkins:] And it's confused with racism as well, because an incredible number of people think Islam is a race. [Maher:] Yes, oh, I've heard that, yes. [Dawkins:] And so they think that if you criticize Islam, you're being racist. And you're absolutely right that the [repressive leftists] give a free pass to Islam where they're kind of right about everything else — I mean, they're right about misogyny and all the other … bad things … but in the case of Islam it just gets a free pass. And I think it's because of the terror of being thought racist. [Maher:] Right, or at worst, an Islamophobe … — a silly word that means nothing…. It's so dumb because, you know, all the people that are accused of being Islamophobes — like you and me and Salman [Rushdie] and Ayaan [Hirsi Ali] — we're liberals, we're liberals about everything…. I knew we were on [black people's] side [in the civil rights movements] and then we were on the side of Cesar Chavez and the lettuce pickers. And then we were on the side of the women's movement and poor and minorities, whatever it was, gay people, disabled, the abused, the molested, whatever Caitlyn is up to, we were for it. And they applaud that, and if you say something about a woman who's forced to wear a beekeeper suit in the hot sun all day — [Dawkins:] Oh, that's their culture, you have to respect it. [Maher:] That's right! That's what they say. It's just insane. [Dawkins:] It's just the one exception — liberal about everything else, but then this one exception, “It's their culture.” Well, to hell with their culture.
Baldock also passed along this item from the Bay Area Chapter of the Jewish Voice for Peace:
It has come to our attention that KPFA is sponsoring a talk by Richard Dawkins on August 9th, 2017 in Berkeley. As an organization that opposes anti-Jewish, anti-Muslim, and anti-Arab bigotry and oppression, Jewish Voice for Peace – Bay Area urges you to cancel this event. Whatever one may think of Richard Dawkin's political views on atheism and religion in general, the reality is that they have publically promoted Islamophobia on many occasions, including tweeting the following: “I think Islam is the greatest force for evil in the world today. I've said so, often and loudly.” We would encourage you to read two articles from Salon magazine which give numerous other examples of how Dawkins continues to promote Islamophobia and anti-Arab bigotry: http://www.salon.com/2013/03/30/dawkins_harris_hitchens_new_atheists_flirt_with_islamophobia/
http://www.salon.com/2013/08/10/richard_dawkins_does_it_again_new_atheisms_islamophobia_problem/ KPFA plays an important role in the Bay Area progressive community, and has a wonderful track record of bringing important political thinkers to address our community on a variety of issues, including speakers on Israel/Palestine. Hosting Dawkins is completely at odds with its mission of bringing progressive political thinkers to address our community. We strongly urge you to cancel this event.
Now one can agree or disagree with these criticisms of Islam, just as one can agree or disagree with various sharp criticisms of Catholicism, or conservative Protestantism, or many other religions. But I would have thought that these statements by Dawkins would be seen as plausible criticisms — criticisms that merit argument rather than casual dismissal as “abusive or hurtful speech” and “hateful or hurtful language” — of something that is, after all, an ideology: an ideology that ought to be as subject to criticism as other ideologies, religious or otherwise.
And it's telling, I think, just what criticisms of religion some on the radical left now seem to be considered to be intolerable.
Officially official: Skyrim is officially the fastest-selling title in Steam's official history. And that's official. Neither Valve nor Bethesda are giving specific sales figures, but Bethesda have claimed that the Skyrim PC outsold any other PC game in North America three to one in its first month. It's been a success elsewhere too: across all platforms and all territories, the dragon-bothering game has now racked up 10m in sales.
Said Valve's boss of business dev, Jason Holtman, to Industry Gamers: “Skyrim is the fastest selling title in Steam's history. Bethesda's commitment to and understanding of the PC as a gaming platform shows in the great review scores, spectacular launch, and continued high player numbers that Skyrim has received. We are delighted that Bethesda chose to use Steamworks to support Skyrim both at retail and digitally.” Let me, ah, just pick them up on part of that.
“Bethesda's commitment to and understanding of the PC as a gaming platform.” But but…
The interface.
The lack of support for more than 2GB of RAM unless you mod the game.
The interface.
The fact that, until recently, it crashed at startup unless you force-lowered audio quality in Windows.
The interface.
The fact it took modders about 10 seconds to make the game look twice as good.
The interface.
Those icky textures.
The interface.
Look, I'm very glad Beth put out all of their games on PC, but Skyrim selling well on PC shouldn't be taken as a sign they're committed to and understand the PC as a gaming platform. Instead, let's just hope Bethesda will take it as a sign that they should lavish more attention on their PC builds.
A C grade really once was average, or at least typical: In the 1960s, it was the most commonly awarded grade in college courses.
Not anymore. By 2007, 83 percent of all grades at a sample of 200 four-year colleges and universities were A's and B's. And research from a former Duke University professor found that A's have been the most commonly awarded grade at four-year colleges since the 1990s:
But new research suggests it's possible to reverse the grade inflation trend.
How Wellesley tackled grade inflation
Wellesley College used to be one of the worst offenders. In 2000, the average course grade awarded was a 3.55, an A-minus. Then, in 2003, Wellesley decided enough was enough. The college created a new rule: average final grades in classes at the introductory or intermediate level (a 100-level or 200-level class, in college catalogue terminology) should be no higher than a B-plus.
Professors could exceed those limits, but they'd have to explain themselves in writing to the administration if they did. The change applied to about two-thirds of Wellesley's academic departments, which were awarding grades that exceeded the cap.
Research on the effects of the change, published in the Journal of Economic Perspectives in 2014, suggested it successfully reversed the upward trend in GPAs. Here's what the college learned.
1) When you require professors to give lower grades, they give lower grades
The researchers — Kristin F. Butcher and Patrick J. McEwan, both Wellesley economics professors, and Akila Weerapana, an associate professor at Wellesley — found the effect on the grades students received in their classes was immediate and unsurprising:
Students were about 18 percentage points less likely to get an A or A-minus after the change than they were before. B's became much more common. And the proportion of students who graduated magna cum laude — the second-highest honor for graduating seniors — dropped from 20 percent to 16 percent.
But students in departments that historically had given high grades continued to get high grades, relatively speaking. Academic departments that weren't subject to the cap, which included biological sciences, chemistry, physics, and economics all still gave slightly lower grades than departments where the restriction took effect.
2) Students were more likely to major in economics and the sciences
So were higher grades in humanities classes luring students away from science? The Wellesley data, while a small sample, indicates that grades affected students' choice of major. But students were more likely to switch within disciplines (from sociology to economics, for example) than they were to leave the humanities.
Economics, the most popular major at Wellesley and one that had not been affected by grade inflation in the past, gained new students; other social science disciplines saw enrollments decline.
3) Students weren't as happy with their professors
Research has suggested evaluations of professors can turn into a feedback loop: good grades make students more likely to rate professors highly. Because those ratings can come into play when professors are being considered for tenure or promotion, faculty become more lenient graders to curry favor with students. At Wellesley, students in departments affected by the grade cap tended to give professors lower ratings after the change took effect.
4) Black students were disproportionately affected
After the grade cap was imposed, the proportion of B's increased as the proportion of A's fell. This suggests that students who were receiving the "lowest A-minus" — barely meeting the bar for the grade — were more likely to receive a B-plus after the change. Black students saw a larger-than-average drop in grades, as did students with lower SAT scores.
The researchers put the best possible interpretation on this, suggesting that a more equal grading policy among different departments at the college will do a better job of demonstrating which students need help. But grading is an imperfect, subjective science. The burden of grade deflation appears to have fallen harder on black students than on others.
5) Some students report that lower grades could hurt their job prospects
In the grade inflation arms race, Wellesley disarmed unilaterally. As grades at the private liberal arts college fell after the policy change, they continued to rise everywhere else. That has led to worries from students and recent alumni that the college is putting its graduates behind in the job market.
"They point to examples of web-based job application systems that will not let them proceed if their GPA is below a 3.5," the authors wrote. "The economist's answer that firms relying on poor information to hire are likely to fare poorly and to be poor employers in the long run proves remarkably uncomforting to undergraduates."
The answer, the authors suggest, is for other colleges to join Wellesley to stop grade inflation.
PARIS (Reuters) - Whatever the outcome of this week's Scottish referendum on independence, the shape of Europe is changing as power ebbs away from old nation states, sparking a backlash in some places.
A boy marches with a flute band during a pro-Union rally in Edinburgh, Scotland, September 13, 2014. REUTERS/Paul Hackett
If Scots vote “Yes” to splitting from England after 307 years of union, it will cause a political earthquake and whet appetites for self-rule from Catalonia to Flanders.
If they vote “No”, the British government has promised to decentralize more powers to Edinburgh, with likely knock-on effects in Wales and Northern Ireland.
Either way, the precedent of a plebiscite on self-determination will reverberate around the continent.
The Spanish government may find it hard to withstand public pressure in Catalonia to allow that prosperous northeastern region of 7.4 million people - bigger than a dozen EU states - a vote on sovereignty.
Hundreds of thousands of Catalans packed the streets of Barcelona last week to demand the right to choose. What the Catalans do is bound to influence Spain's Basques, who already have broader autonomy.
The Cold War froze the map of Europe for a generation. But since the fall of the Berlin Wall, new states have appeared, old ones have reappeared - bloodily in the Balkans, largely peacefully in the Baltics. In many European countries, regions have gained more power at the expense of central government.
That happened in Spain in the late 1970s after the end of General Francisco Franco's fascist rule.
Globalization and European Union integration are partly responsible for unleashing a struggle between centrifugal and centripetal forces that is far from stabilizing.
States that fought each other for centuries now share a currency, an area of passport-free travel, a single market with free movement of citizens, capital, goods and services, and a raft of jointly adopted norms and standards.
Nationalists find that hard to swallow, as the big vote for anti-EU parties in Britain, France, Austria and the Netherlands in this year's European Parliament elections showed.
A former imperial power like Britain which boasted in patriotic song of ruling the waves now has to negotiate its fishing catch in late-night Brussels haggling.
European countries have become what former British and EU diplomat Robert Cooper calls “post-modern states”, freely pooling part of their sovereignty.
“The European Union is a highly developed system for mutual interference in each other's domestic affairs, right down to beer and sausages,” Cooper wrote in their 2003 book The Breaking of Nations.
That has made national borders less important and raised demands from citizens for more democratic control at a sub-national level.
The EU has been the catalyst for many of these changes but not always the solution.
A European Committee of the Regions created in the 1990s to give local and regional elected officials a say in Brussels merely added another expensive talking-shop to the bloc's institutions, without any real power.
“The Committee of the Regions is a total failure. If you are not a state, you cannot get your issues onto the EU's agenda,” said a former representative of one of Europe's most autonomous regions, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The big European regions such as Germany's Laender maintain offices the size of embassies in Brussels to promote their interests, secure EU investment funds and lobby on legislation.
The Scottish and Catalan independence movements see European unity as a way of escaping the yoke of national governments. They want their own seat at the EU table, cutting out the middle-men in London and Madrid.
The economic crisis that began in 2008 has accelerated the twin forces of centralization and regionalism in Europe. It has sharpened resource conflicts between rich and poorer regions such as Dutch-speaking Flanders and French-speaking Wallonia in Belgium, but also in Italy and Germany.
Wealthy Bavaria and Hesse no longer want to subsidize poorer north and east German federal states and have challenged the country's fiscal equalization system in court. Prosperous northern Italy, sick of paying for the southern Mezzogiorno, has imposed a system of fiscal federalism to limit the burden.
Voters in Scotland and Catalonia have turned to separatists in greater numbers partly in protest against austerity policies imposed by national political elites depicted as out of touch with ordinary citizens.
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond is a master at tapping resentment against the London establishment. They joked last week that if they had known the leaders of all three British political parties were coming to Scotland to campaign for a “No” vote, they would have paid their bus fare.
The crisis has also fueled nationalist forces such as the UK Independence Party, France's National Front and the Austrian and Dutch Freedom parties that want to withdraw from the EU and re-erect national borders against immigrants and imports.
“It is unlikely that the European Union, as it is at the start of the 21st century, has reached its final resting place,” Cooper wrote a decade ago. “For the long run the most important question is whether integration can remain a largely apolitical process.”
A further fragmentation of nation states would increase the strain on the EU's decision-making system, risking sclerosis.
It is hard enough to get 28 member states to ratify treaties unanimously, some by referendum. With six more states in the Western Balkans seeking to join and the possibility of existing members breaking up, some experts fear the EU could become unmanageable.
Nicolas Levrat, an international law specialist at the Institute of Global Studies at Geneva University, sees a proliferation of micro-states driving the bloc to reform its governance.
“This multiplication of new states will force the EU to change the way states are represented in the EU,” they said. “What started for six (countries) and more or less works for 28 will definitely not work for 100.”
(This story corrects Catalonia's population in the fifth paragraph)
The New York Times's Raymond Hernandez delivered New Jersey primary election results with a spin Tuesday night, offering a mushy profile of Newark Mayor Cory Booker, the state's landslide winner in the Democratic primary for United States Senate. The report's lead lauded Booker as a “charismatic and media-savvy star in the Democratic Party,” noting the mayor's efforts to “remake a notoriously troubled city.”
Hernandez celebrated Booker as a nonpartisan figure arguing for a “pragmatic brand of politics, favoring practical solutions over ideology.” And what about Booker's Republican opponent, former Bogota Mayor Steven Lonegan? Well, Lonegan merited a mere paragraph in the Times's New Jersey election coverage [picture after the jump, courtesy of Chang W. Lee, New York Times]:
In the special general election in October, Mr. Booker will face Steven M. Lonegan, a former mayor of Bogota, N.J., and candidate for governor, who easily won the Republican primary on Tuesday. After their victory, Mr. Lonegan said in an interview that they planned to run a vigorous campaign against Mr. Booker that highlighted their deep ideological differences. “I intend to run a line-in-the-sand campaign between a conservative and an extreme liberal,” they said. “The differences could not be clearer.”
But Hernandez turned right back to Booker, touting the mayor's fundraising and social media skills. The Times made sure to note that Booker had “more than a million Twitter followers” – apparently some qualification for public office these days.
Hernandez turned to Palisades Park native Juan Valdes for an assessment of Booker:
“You can actually see the changes” in Newark, [Valdes] said outside a polling place. “How they turned Newark, of all places, around to where it is, I figured they could do some good for the rest of us.”
But Newark hasn't necessarily been better off with Booker. Just ask the New York Times, circa December 2012:
Taxes have risen more than 20 percent over the past three years [Booker assumed office in July 2006], even after the city laid off about 1,100 workers, including more than 160 police officers. Crime has risen, and unemployment is up. Schools remain under state control, and the city's finances remain so troubled that it cannot borrow to fix its antiquated water system.
And Booker has been the subject of recent controversy over their fundraising efforts – not for any campaign, but for a technology startup they co-founded and failed to initially disclose in personal finance reports. Booker apparently used their “national profile” to tap wealthy donors for contributions to the private venture, which some argue represents a conflict of interest for the mayor.
But all these details seem inconvenient for the Times and their generous coverage of Booker, who seems well on their way to capturing the U.S. Senate seat vacated by the deceased Frank Lautenberg (D-N.J.). Though Booker has a comfortable lead in the polls, you can be sure the New York Times will give them a leg up as the election approaches.
See the full article here, or below:
Booker Coasts in Primary; 'Make Me Your Senate,' They Tell New Jersey
By: Raymond Hernandez
Published: August 13, 2013
Cory A. Booker, the mayor of Newark, who rose to prominence with their efforts to remake a notoriously troubled city and then used that perch to build a national reputation as a charismatic and media-savvy star in the Democratic Party, easily won the Democratic nomination for United States Senate on Tuesday night.
Steven M. Lonegan, a former mayor of Bogota, N.J., who easily won the Republican primary, will face Mr. Booker in the special general election in October.
With 98 percent of the vote counted, Mr. Booker had won nearly 60 percent of the vote, far more than their nearest challenger, Representative Frank Pallone Jr., who had about 20 percent of the vote. Representative Rush D. Holt trailed with about 17 percent and the State Assembly speaker, Sheila Y. Oliver, had less than 5 percent.
Mr. Booker gave a victory speech to more than 300 supporters gathered at Championship Plaza in Newark that looked ahead to the general election. “Make me your senator, New Jersey,” they said, “and I will be unwavering in my focus on finding common ground. I will not be concerned with right or left but going forward.”
Mr. Booker is a heavy favorite to win the October general election in an overwhelmingly Democratic state that has not elected a Republican senator in four decades. If they do they will become the country's only elected black senator.
In the special general election in October, Mr. Booker will face Steven M. Lonegan, a former mayor of Bogota, N.J., and candidate for governor, who easily won the Republican primary on Tuesday. After their victory, Mr. Lonegan said in an interview that they planned to run a vigorous campaign against Mr. Booker that highlighted their deep ideological differences. “I intend to run a line-in-the-sand campaign between a conservative and an extreme liberal,” they said. “The differences could not be clearer.”
The results ended an unusually fast 10-week primary contest to fill the Senate seat that became vacant with the death of Frank R. Lautenberg in June. The winner of the October general election will serve the remaining 17 months of the late senator's term and will have to run for re-election in November 2014 to keep the seat.
Voter turnout, which was projected to be more than 300,000, was higher than expected for a primary election in the dead of summer.
Mr. Booker had publicly declared their intention to run for the Senate seat even before Mr. Lautenberg's death. After Gov. Chris Christie announced the quick timetable to fill the vacant seat — a move the Republican made in part to avoid appearing on the same ballot as Mr. Booker in November, when they will be seeking re-election to a second term — the other Democrats announced that they were joining the race.
But from the start, Mr. Booker had significant political advantages: a name that is recognizable statewide, a formidable fund-raising operation, a knack for drawing news media attention and more than a million Twitter followers. In one measure of Mr. Booker's star power, their campaign drew support from their prominent friends, including Oprah Winfrey, who hosted a fund-raiser for him.
Mr. Booker shored up their early lead in the polls by spending at least $5 million to date, compared to the combined $4 million spent by their two chief rivals, Mr. Pallone and Mr. Holt. (Ms. Oliver, who has feuded with Mr. Booker, spent only about $25,000 and campaigned little in the final days.)
Throughout the race, Mr. Booker's three rivals — all serious political forces in New Jersey — struggled to shift the focus on their own qualifications, prompting increasingly direct attacks on Mr. Booker's record and business interests, including their ownership stake in an Internet start-up that had been created with financial backing of their powerful friends while they were in office.
Mr. Booker's campaign pushed back hard against the attacks, saying there was nothing improper about their financial dealings and noting that they had given much of their income to charity and used their media appearances to focus attention on Newark. As they campaigned, they portrayed what their opponents saw as a weakness — that they were insufficiently liberal on issues important to Democrats like gun control and unions — as a strength. They argued that their pragmatic brand of politics, favoring practical solutions over ideology, had enabled them to lift the fortunes of Newark, the state's largest city.
Their message seemed to register with voters. Juan Valdes, a 38-year-old Palisades Park resident who voted for Mr. Booker, said that the mayor's record in Newark far outweighed any criticism their rivals had.
“You can actually see the changes” in Newark, they said outside a polling place. “How they turned Newark, of all places, around to where it is, I figured they could do some good for the rest of us.”
Mr. Booker's political rise has been unconventional. After graduating from Yale Law School in 1997, they moved to Newark, where they lived in a housing project and became a community activist, making a successful bid for a City Council seat a year later. They positioned themselves as an outsider, challenging the city's political establishment. In 2002, they ran against Sharpe James, the powerful Newark mayor who had been dogged by scandal. Mr. Booker lost that race, but four years later won their second bid for the office and later a second term.
Mr. Booker's public profile has always been much larger than would be expected for the mayor of a medium-size city.  They are a regular on cable television shows, is in great demand on the speaking circuit and has long been mentioned as a possible presidential candidate. Their ascension to the Senate would make them one of the most recognizable figures in a chamber known for its exclusivity.
Randy Leonard contributed reporting.
This article has been revised to reflect the following correction:
Correction: August 13, 2013
An earlier version of this article misstated the name of the location where Mr. Booker was to give their victory speech. It is Championship Plaza, not Champion Plaza.
Can a supercomputer beat humans in a hacking contest? We're about to find out.
For the first time, a fully automated supercomputer is trying to compete with humans in a major hacking contest, and so far the machine is hanging in there.
The supercomputer, known as Mayhem, is among the teams taking part in this year's Capture the Flag contest at the DEF CON security conference in Las Vegas.
The game involves detecting vulnerabilities in software and patching them, and humans have been playing it at DEF CON for years.
Now computers are getting in on the act. DARPA, a U.S. defense agency, recently held an all-machine competition, awarding $2 million to the team that did best.
Mayhem was the winner, and it's now competing against humans in the three-day event this weekend.
On Saturday morning, the supercomputer was ranked 13th out of 15 teams playing.
Alex Rebert, one of the designers of Mayhem, said they were happy the machine wasn't in last place. The teams that play Capture the Flag include some of the best hackers in the world, and he's glad Mayhem seems to be holding its own.
There were some hiccups. Technical issues meant that the machine had to briefly sit out of the competition on Friday evening.
“It's been tough,” said Rebert, who is cofounder of ForAllSecure, which built the machine. Mayhem has struggled to detect some vulnerabilities that the human teams already found.
On the plus side, Mayhem excels at patching vulnerabilities, they said. Because it's a machine, it can get the job done fast.
Giovanni Vigna, a player on one of the other teams, said they were impressed with the supercomputer's performance.
“The machines are not very good at making decisions," they said, but their speed helps make up for it.
Vigna is a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Their team, Shellphish, has been using computer programs to help it win the game.
It may be only a matter of time before these programs can surpass humans at Capture the Flag, said Vigna, who also built a supercomputer for the DARPA contest.
Others were more skeptical and said computers will need to make a big leap in their capabilities to beat human opponents.
A member of the team Plaid Parliament of Pwning, which was beating Mayhem by a significant margin, said more sophisticated hacking challenges, perhaps involving cryptography, could be too hard even for the next generation of supercomputers to solve.
"But who knows what it will be like in ten years," they added.
Source: Xinhua| 2017-06-23 17:42:15|Editor: ying
Video Player Close
MOGADISHU, June 23 (Xinhua) -- Somalia's cabinet late Thursday unanimously passed the draft National Communications Act which is expected to regulate telecommunication industry in the Horn of Africa nation.
The act which was submitted by the Ministry of Posts, Telecom and Technology is one of the oldest draft laws that was not passed by the Parliament.
However, the ministry has in the last couple of months accelerated the review process of this draft law through consultations with all stakeholders, including the Parliamentary Committee on Telecom and Information, regional states, telecom operators, ISPs and the academia.
Abdi Ashur Hassan, Minister for Posts, Telecom and Technology said in a statement that the Act, once passed, will regulate the telecom sector, one of Somalia's thriving industries, and protect the rights of both consumers and investors.
Hassan said that National Communications Act was one the priorities for the new leadership at the ministry.
"The most important and urgent issue the industry needs is an effective regulatory framework. Once passed by the Parliament, the Act will open a lot of opportunities for the sector and help us protect our investors both locally and internationally," they said.
The draft National Communications Act will be among the first bills to be submitted to the Parliament when it reopens in July.
Unlike conventional business cards that tell people who you are and how to find you, this funny business card, created by actor Steve Martin, had a slightly different purpose.
Being a famous actor, Steve Martin's autograph was in high demand. They came up with an efficient and humorous solution to this need by creating and handing out these hand-signed business cards, stating ‘This certifies that you have had a personal encounter with me and that you found me warm, polite, intelligent and funny'.
They only did this for a short period, however, they certainly made an impression and acted as a great keepsake for fans lucky enough to receive one.
From a design perspective, this funny business card is fairly straightforward and leaves quite a lot of white space. In fact, interestingly, it almost seems to lack visual design that goes against the norm when it comes to the creation of business cards.
They use a basic italic typeface top-centered for the body text. The use of italics could suggest that they wanted to make it look and seem as though they were personally saying the words to the recipients, like a quote. It could also simply be to make it look more official, as they use the words ‘This certifies that…'
The use of their hand-written autograph also makes the card look more official, almost business-like, even though the aim of the card is to be witty and amusing. This is where the card is quite smart; using an officially-presented form of communication to entertain.
if you are looking for a professional graphic designer, click here to get a quote now!
This kind of approach to designing the card was perfect for what Martin was trying to achieve; exposure, time-saving and something nice for their fans. Using only a plain paper stock and one-colour printing they were able to produce the something effective in large quantities at very low cost. What added the value was hand-signing each of the cards themselves which resulted in each card being entirely unique.
This is something quite rare and unusual in a world of mass-produced, identically printed business card designs. The cards are a well-remembered and appreciated part of Steve Martin's career, thus making them incredibly effective.
Look out for the fifth and final part in the series coming soon: Mark Zuckerberg
As the pre-draft process carries on, it seems more and more possible that Emmanuel Mudiay might be available for the Kings with the 6th pick. Tony recently noted that the Sacramento Kings often serve as a backdrop for sliding draft prospects. The Kings selected Thomas Robinson when they slid, as they did with Ben McLemore. And this year the Kings are considered a likely backstop for Emmanuel Mudiay. This, in keeping with the trend, is assumed despite Mudiay deciding not to work out for the Kings. Players refusing to work out for Sacramento certainly isn't new, but at a certain point we should ask the question of whether the Kings should continue to support this practice.
Thomas Robinson didn't work out for the Sacramento Kings. And in the end, drafting them didn't work out for the Kings. Robinson's slide seemed fortuitous at the time, but Robinson has struggled to find a home or success in the NBA. The Kings drafted them without an up close look. And despite the jokes we may make about players working out against chairs, the four teams ahead of the Kings were able to see something that made them pass on Robinson.
Despite this experience, the Kings then selected McLemore. The similarities were obvious. A Kansas player slides in the draft and the Kings take them despite a lack of up-close inspection. After their rookie season, McLemore seemed on pace to follow Robinson's career trajectory. Luckily, they showed significant improvement in their sophomore season. There are high hopes for Ben, but time will tell.
This brings us to Mudiay. If they happen to fall, which remains to be seen, should the Kings serve as their safety net? Or does doing so send the wrong message to agents and the players they'll represent in coming seasons? Should the Kings only draft a player if they first had an opportunity to see them post up a chair?
Exactly. If they don't work out for us then they deserve to be passed over if they slip below their self imposed threshold https://t.co/yE6nlUfYYU — Dave Lack (@DaveLack) June 5, 2015
Is it worth risking passing over a talented player out of spite? There's risk in any draft pick, even when a player has worked out an visited. Sometimes an in-person work out can blind you to a player's faults. Or it can confirm those faults and keep you from a mistake. But passing on talent is a mistake Sacramento can't make, especially when there have been no concerns raised about Mudiay's character. It's also worth noting that Mudiay has only agreed to visit the Philadelphia 76ers, New York Knicks, and Orlando Magic, not to work out for them.
Should Mudiay fall to the Kings, I believe they should select them regardless of their willingness to work out in Sacramento. But what do you say? Vote in the poll and discuss in the comments.
Update: Mudiay will be working out for Philadelphia and New York, it seems. On a related note, don't do research on just 4 hours of sleep.
Are you taking more photos per week in 2013 than 2012? How about 2010? My guess is yes. And it doesn't matter if you're a pro or just a casual photographer — it's really crazy how much visual data we are all generating. It's awesome, but I know you already have the same problem I do. It's hard to organize and edit all those photos!
When I started taking photos with my iPhone a few years ago (I've since switched to Android) I started taking 10x more photos per week. And just wait till more and more people get Glass; the number of photos will go up another order of magnitude. I'm taking about 100 pictures a day with it, mostly because it's so much more convenient than pulling out my mobile phone! And, if you're a photographer, you're always seeing awesome little compositions that you just can't ignore. I'm COMPELLED to take a photo!
No matter how good your workflow, you just end up with an ever-growing burden of photos. Pros have this problem, but even we have workflow issues!
So, along comes this exciting new announcement from Google – that they are using their massive server farms to intelligently organize and post-process photos for us. It looks really smart! I can just upload (which is automatic if you turn that on with your mobile phone) dozens or hundreds of photos, and it automatically puts the best photos in the front. It knows which are the best by analyzing human aesthetics in other popular photos! If I don't agree with its suggestions (or post-processing!) I can undo those bits and make them my own. But it's like having an assistant that does all the organizing all for me – and an assistant that gets smarter all the time.
Displacing Lightroom?
I think if you're a casual photographer, this is a compelling new option! It's free. It's smart. And it will only get smarter. I notice that one problem casual photographers have with Lightroom is that things still get unorganized. It takes a workflow (and perhaps an understanding of “collections” in LR) to select the best of the best photos. Beyond that, it takes a little while to post-process the photos. It's a bit faster if you know how to make presets and stuff, but this is still beyond the ken of casual photographers. Not everyone is a hardcore Lightroom geek, no matter what Adobe might think. It's still a scary product to a lot of people who are just looking for a way to organize all the new photos they are taking!
The other reason casual users will like it is because the photos are automatically backed up on the cloud. That feels good because you don't have to worry about syncing up your home library on Lightroom with the cloud. It's confusing! Adobe still hasn't given users an easy way to do this. People are very scared to lose their photos in a hard drive crash, and hardly anyone (especially casual users) have a good backup situation in place.
For pros that do serious post-processing and hardcore organizing, I think Lightroom is still a smart way to organize your pro photos at home… But, for all those “other” casual photos that pros take… (see the next section!)
Here's a photo from yesterday's photowalk. We are all taking tens of thousands of images… imagine a workflow where we all are letting Google choose the best to save us all hundreds of hours! Cool.
Why it's good for Pros:
Your first instinct might be, “Hey, I'm a pro. I use Lightroom and have a pretty good workflow. I don't need To Google's server farms to make any decisions for me!” Well, I think you are right for your “Pro” photos that you do for clients or for your own master portfolio. But, pros also take a lot of “casual” photos. These include quick photos of your family, mobile shots from your phone, fun party shots, a casual dinner with friends, and this sort of thing. Not every photo a pro take is a serious major undertaking.
Now, if you're like me, then you take TWO kinds of photos. You take serious portfolio pieces and you take casual family and walking-around photos. And then you kind of have a workflow for EACH kind of photo. And for me, this has been a problem (well until this Google announcement). I have ended up with a pile of family photos that sometimes builds up over time in my Lightroom because I just haven't had the time to go figure out the best ones and post-process. I feel bad about it — but it is a real problem!
So, in the future, I'll still keep my pro workflow for my portfolio pieces with my usual Rambo workflow using several Adobe products (if you want to see my whole workflow, see the newly updated HDR Tutorial). But for my family and casual shots, I'm just gonna upload them to the Google Cloud and have it pick out the best ones AND post-process them. This will 1) save me a ton of time 2) unburden my mind from tasks-left-undone and 3) quickly deliver pictures to my whole family, thus increasing the circle of happiness that keeps everything zen.
Why it's good for casual photographers:
I probably get more questions from casual photographers than pros about “How do I organize my photos?” It's a big problem actually. The process of getting the photos off your devices, onto your computer, then selecting a few to share online is rather complex. Now I think the workflow is much simpler. There are still two situations:
1) Shooting with just a mobile phone (Android or iPhone): If you have Google+ activated and up and running, your photos can just go automatically to the cloud (private just to you by default). It will take your hundreds of photos, post-process them all, and then automatically choose the best ones and push them to the front of the album. It might make a few mistakes, but it'll be pretty dang good. And if you don't like the post-processing, you can undo it… But I have a feeling that people will really dig the automatic skin-softening. That is almost a universally adored feature!
2) Shooting with a compact camera or DSLR: The easiest path is just to download all the photos to a folder on your computer (put them in Lightroom, if you want) and then just upload the whole lot to Google+. Let Google figure out the best, or at least make a first pass at it. Give it a run a few times… It's a drastic change to a workflow, yes, but I think this is a smart way to do it.
I think that the number of images we all take (especially “casual” images) will continue to increase as technology continues to build on itself.
– Photo by Here is a photo of us from last night – that's me, Brian Matiash, and Thomas Hawk.I think that the number of images we all take (especially “casual” images) will continue to increase as technology continues to build on itself.– Photo by John E Klein
Why this is bad news for Adobe
I know some of you may disagree that “casual” photographers don't use Lightroom, but I've talked to thousands of casual shooters that DO use Lightroom. It's arguably the best way (hitherto) to organize your photos. All you need to do is take a few thousand photos a year, and you have yourself an organizational problem! There are millions of “casual” photographers that fit into this category. This is, in fact, Adobe's biggest growth area — new photographers that are needing a way to organize and post-process their photos. They still continue to grow with pros, although you could make an argument here that that area is slowing because most pros already use Lightroom or Aperture! There's just not a lot of room there.
But now, these casual shooters have a free way to organize and post-process their photos with this new Google server farm. Even better, the photos are backed up onto the cloud, which you don't get with Lightroom. Google will be able to snipe away millions of users who would have previously chosen to go the Adobe route.
What I want to see next from Google:
I do like the post-processing already. I think it makes good decisions for the most part, but I'd like to have even more control on the web. I know they just bought Nik, so I can only assume that we'll get some of those handy “Snapseed” controls soon, and then in the future, maybe some of the other cool effects from the whole Nik suite of tools. The other thing I'd like to see is the ability to upload RAW files. Once we can upload RAW files, then we'll have even more power to post-process photos. Again, I don't use the Google post-processing farm for my pro-portfolio pieces. I still do all that RAW processing locally.
It will be a long time before the web is fast enough for me to quickly upload a set of RAWs and process them all online. Pros will keep our hardcore processing local for quite a bit, I think. However, I am at peace with the idea that there are two kinds of photos in my life – those that need massive at-home client processing, and those that the web can organize and process f
Chapter 1: Personal Pronouns
Now that we've reviewed basic grammatical concepts we can finally get to translating actual Old English sentences.
We'll begin with personal pronouns. Since we can find many simple sentences that use them, and since they are so common, it makes sense to memorize them right away.
Personal pronouns stand in for nouns. In Modern English the personal pronouns include: "I," "you," "he," "she," "it," "we," "they," "them," "us," "him," "her," "his," "hers," "its," "theirs," "our," "your."
Personal pronouns are used in statements and commands, but not in questions; interrogative pronouns (like "who," "whom," "what") are used there.
Like Modern English, Old English has both singular and plural forms for the personal pronouns. But Old English also has a dual form, used to indicate two closely associated persons -- two people working or fighting together, husband and wife, or lovers.
There are three persons for pronouns in Old English (first person = speaker; second person = person being addressed; third person = third party being spoken about) , and the third person has masculine, neuter, and feminine forms.
The case of pronouns indicates how they function in a sentence. Nominatives are subjects, genitives are possessive modifiers, accusatives are direct objects, and datives are objects of prepositions and indirect objects.
Paradigms: A paradigm is simply a list of all the possible grammatical forms of a word. It is usually arranged in a table, so that you can easily look up the forms that you need to translate. It is essential that you memorize your Old English paradigms so that you do not have to spend extra time flipping through your grammar book but can instead focus on translating.
Study tip: You can either memorize the paradigm visually, by creating a blank paradigm and filling in the boxes with the words you've memorized (this is the method that most students use for Old English), or, if you are a more aural learner, you can recite the paradigm so that you can memorize it. The most successful students often combine both of these methods.
First Person Personal Pronouns Paradigm
Case Singular Dual Plural Nominative ic = I wit = we two we = we Genitive min = mine uncer = of us two (of ours) user or ure = of us (our) Accusative mec or me = me (direct object) uncit or unc = us two (direct object) usic or us = us (direct object) Dative / Instrumental me = with me (or indirect object) unc = with us two (or indirect object) us = with us (or indirect object)
Second Person Personal Pronouns Paradigm
Case Singular Dual Plural Nominative þu = you (singular) git = you two ge = you (plural = "y'all" or "younz") Genitive þin = your (singular) incer = of your two (yours) eower = your (plural = "y'all's" or "younz's") Accusative þec or þe = you (direct object) incit or inc = you two (direct object) eowic or eow = you (direct object) Dative or Instrumental þe = with you (or indirect object) inc = with you two (or indirect object) eow = with you (or indirect object)
Third Person Personal Pronouns Paradigm
Case Masculine Neuter Feminine All Genders Plural Nominative they = they hit = it heo or hie = they heo or hie = they Genitive theirs = theirs theirs = its hire = theirs hira = theirs Accusative hine = them (direct object) hit = it (direct object) heo or hie = their (direct object) heo or hie = them (direct object) Dative or Instrumental them = with them ( or indirect object) them = with it (or indirect object) hire = with their (indirect object) them or heom = with them (or indirect object)
Note:The genitive pronouns can be used adjectivally, in which case they are declined the same way an adjective is. We will return to this point in Chapter 1
Interrogative Pronouns
Interrogative Pronouns are "question words": who and what.
Who was the most important king of the West Saxons in the ninth century?
" Who" is an interrogative pronoun standing in for "he" (which would be used if the sentence were a statement) which would stand in for the answer to the question, "Alfred".
Interrogative Pronouns have five (rather than four) case forms. The Instrumental case is here different from the Dative.
There are masculine and neuter forms. Masculine interrogative pronouns are used for both masculine and feminine nouns.
Interrogative Pronouns Paradigm
Case Masculine Neuter Nominative hwa = who hwæt = what Genitive hwæs = of whom hwæs = of what Accusative hwone = whom (direct object) hwæt = what (direct object) Dative hwæm or hwam = with whom (indirect object) hwæm or hwam = with what (indirect object) Instrumental hwi or hwon = by means of whom hwi or hwon = by mean of what
Chapter 1 Vocabulary Words
Some exercises to practice recognizing Personal Pronouns
NEXT CHAPTER
Arrested Development, threatened with cancellation throughout its 53-episode run, got the axe eventually, as has Mitch Hurwitz's latest project Running Wilde. So who better to explain how to get the televisual axe?
Have a confusing title
Come up with an unwieldy title that perhaps comes from the realm of psychology, so that the title of your show is almost instantly forgettable. For example, if you were to call the show "Welcome Matt", an audience could immediately understand the concept: this must be a character named Matt and they must either be a welcoming person or stepped on. If you call a show "Arrested Development" it's confusing and sufficiently disorientating to guarantee that a wide audience never discovers the fruits of your labour.
Audiences love fast cars and exciting vehicles
So see if you can put in some heavy machinery like a stair-car, that isn't easily associated with speed or sex appeal.
Try to do too much for a 20-minute programme
If in your particular medium an audience is used to a simple plotline or maybe one or two stories, see if you can get eight in there, and find a way that they somehow intertwine. Also, it's important that you have a lot of anxiety when they don't intertwine, sufficient to deprive yourself of sleep so that you are miserable during the production of the show – but then upon completion of the show, you're guaranteed to be miserable, because nobody will watch it.
Add a sprinkle of incest
They'll never admit it, but viewers love sex. In fact, they love any sort of titillation, with the exception of incest. So focus on that.
First impressions are everything
So if you can screw that up, you're made. With Arrested Development, we tried showing the deep disdain that connects a family. We wanted to hold up a mirror to American society. And, just as predicted, America looked away.
Don't be afraid to give characters the same names
Audiences tend to run from confusion. So a show, for instance, where one character is named George Michael, one character is named Michael, one character is named George and one character is named George Oscar (and perhaps another character is named Oscar), will be the kind of show you can almost guarantee people won't develop a fondness for.
Make easy jokes about minority groups
Whether they be Mexicans, Jews or homosexuals, any group can be dismissed with a few stereotypical cracks. At least, that's what we tried to do. And given their "lack of coming to the party", it seems we succeeded!
Squander iconic guest stars
As an example, Liza Minnelli has famously appealed to the homosexual audience. Note: it's very important to alienate the homosexual audience first, or they might "come to the party".
Don't bother with a laughter track
Audiences don't always know "when to laugh". By omitting a laugh track you can almost guarantee they'll never find out.
Audiences like nicely dressed characters. They also enjoy nudity
Split the difference by putting your character in a pair of cut-offs and call them a Never-Nude. Advanced: feel free to dip them in a vat of blue paint. That's a real turn-off.
Make a show for British sensibilities
And then show it in America.
Arrested Development, Tue, 9pm, FX
School taught us that Thomas Edison invented the phonograph in 1877 and was the first person to create a sound recording that could be immediately played back. But school didn't mention that people had been rendering music on paper for centuries, using graphic representations of frequency and duration that could be used to reproduce the sound. These artifacts were essentially unplayable for centuries, but historian and ethnomusicologist Patrick Feaster has deciphered and recreated sound from these documents in Pictures of Sound: One Thousand Years of Educed Audio, a CD and book package released last year by the Dust-to-Digital record label. This set features computer-generated renditions of music dating back to 980 A.D.
Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville, a French scientist who captured sound on paper in 1860.
The project began when Feaster teamed up with the label to produce a vinyl single of a fragment of "Au Clair de la Lune" that French scientist Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville had captured on paper with a machine called a phonautograph in 1860, nearly two decades before Edison made their first audio recording. Scott de Martinville wanted to preserve the performances of actors and singers with an audio equivalent of photography. They correctly deduced that they would need to create an "artificial ear" to capture the vibrations in the air that humans process as we listen to sound. Their invention, the phonautograph, was the first machine that ever recorded sound waves over time, but they had only aimed to represent the sound on paper as a way of improving upon written language, which could not adequately convey tonality, intensity, or timbre. They had hoped that people would eventually learn to read phonautograms by eye, and translate the sound in their minds in a way similar to how we read words on a page.
Phonautograph Details of Scott de Martinville's phonautogram of "Au Clair de la Lune."
Scott de Martinville's phonautograms were basically nothing but scientific curiosities until 2008, when David Giovannoni of the First Sounds initiative and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory were able to convert digital images of them into digital sound files by using a "virtual stylus" to track the transcribed wave forms as if they were grooves on a vinyl record. "Au Clair de la Lune," from April 9, 1860, was the first to be made into a crude audio file. Feaster then speed-corrected the track so it would be recognizable as a vocal rendition of the song.
1. "Au Clair de la Lune"/"S'il Faut Qu'à Ce Rival"/"Vole, Petite Abeille" (1860)
Both of these recordings made by Feaster from Scott de Martinville's phonautograms are presented three times in a row: the first time without speed correction, the second with speed correction, and the third time with speed correction, voice only, and in mono.
2. "Gamme De La Voix"/"Épellation Du Mot 'Rira'"/"Le Jour N'est Pas Plus Pur"/"Chi Crederia Che Sotto Forme Umane"/"Et Incarnatus Est" (1860)
Automatic Instruments
Automatic instruments and music boxes date back to the late 18th century. An early version of this technology known as tonotechny was a system in which a cylinder pricked with brass points or pins could be programmed to play the keys of an organ. These devices were not powerful enough to be useful in a large hall, but were used in parlors of homes. Programs for automatic instruments are not a form of sound recording, but the process of tonotechny aimed for a level of detail and precision, with the goal of emulating the performance style of a specific musician.
3. Claude Balbastre's “Romance” (1778)
This sound recording was created from notage based on a song written and performed by Claude Balbastre, one of the most famous organists in Paris in the 1770s. The notation factors in subtle details of theirs playing to capture the essence of their performance style. This isn't a recording of their playing, but it's the next best thing.
Oscillograms An oscillogram by Leonhard Euler made in 1739.
Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville was not the first to represent sound with an oscillogram — a graph of time versus amplitude. This recording created by Feaster recreates music from oscillograms transcribed by Claude-Servais-Matthias Pouillet in 1850, Thomas Young circa 1807, Leonhard Euler in 1739, and Francis North in 1677. Young's illustration is the earliest known drawing of a waveform, which depicts time versus amplitude as a continuous undulating line.
4. Reproductions of waveforms transcribed in dots by Claude-Servais-Matthias Pouillet, Thomas Young, Leonhard Euler, and Francis North (1677-1850)
Toothed Cylinder Notation for a toothed cylinder.
The cylindrus dentatus — or toothed cylinder — was a 17th-century precursor to tonotechny. The cylinders were designed to rotate at constant speed while its teeth triggered the playing of notes on an organ. This recording educed by Feaster is based on notation crafted by 17th-century Jesuit scholar Athanasius Kircher for a song composed by Simplicio Todeschi that was published in 1627.
5. Composition published by Simplicio Todeschi and represented as a cylinder by Athanasius Kircher (1650)
Medieval Notation
Feaster also attempted to educe sound from medieval notation that resembled graphs of time versus frequency more closely than modern staff notation. They educed this piece of music from medieval polyphonic notation found in a French manuscript dating to the middle of the 13th century.
6. "Alleluia" (ca. 1250)
In the liner notes for Pictures of Sound, Feaster admits that this is perhaps not a "meaningful representation of medieval music," mainly because the notation doesn't line up perfectly, which results in "very strange-sounding harmonies."
Daseian Notation
Daseian notation, the oldest known written polyphonic music, was only used in a handful of works from the 9th century. One of the best known pieces presented in this notation is a treatise called "Scolica Enchiriadis."
7. "Scolica Enchiriadis" (ca. 980)
This eduction by Feaster may be the oldest automatically playable transcriptions of music in the world, and are seemingly accurate to the intention of the composer. The melody, harmony, and rhythm from Feaster's eduction of the notation matches up modern choral performances based on the music.
Dismal new poll numbers for President Obama in Virginia and North Carolina underscore a growing danger to their 2012 re-election hopes — their job-approval ratings have dropped below 50 percent in all of the key states that they “flipped” from the Republicans in 2008.
Mr. Obama was able to win three years ago mainly because they captured nine states that had gone for Republican George W. Bush in 2004: Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Virginia, Indiana, Colorado, Iowa, New Mexico and Nevada. Combined, those states will account for 112 electoral votes in 2012.
But with just over a year until the next election, Mr. Obama's rating has fallen below 50 percent in every one of those states — always a warning sign for an incumbent. In only one state, Iowa, is their approval rating, 48 percent, higher than their disapproval rating, 45 percent.
“The country's off on the wrong track, and you pay a price for that when you're in charge,” said Glen Bolger, a partner at the Republican polling firm Public Opinion Strategies in Alexandria. “It's all about the economy. He's not getting the job done in the eyes of the voters.”
In Florida, where Mr. Obama took 50.9 percent of the vote in 2008, only 41 percent of those polled in a recent survey approve of the job Mr. Obama is doing; 56 percent disapprove. In Virginia, a breakthrough state for the president in 2008 when they took 52.7 percent of the vote, only 40 percent of voters now approve of him, 54 percent disapprove, and he's trailing former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney by 2 percentage points.
The website Real Clear Politics rates only one of the nine states, New Mexico, as still leaning toward Mr. Obama, with Iowa rated as a tossup. All the others are listed in the Republican camp.
Presidential spokesperson Jay Carney said Mr. Obama isn't worried about their re-election prospects.
“The president is focused on the things they need to do as president — getting the economy going,” Mr. Carney said. “He's not focused on their political standing or their standing in the polls.”
But since announcing their $447 billion jobs plan on Sept. 8, Mr. Obama has devoted their first three trips outside Washington to three of the “flipped” states: Virginia, North Carolina and Ohio. On Thursday, they will travel to Cincinnati, near the district of House Speaker John A. Boehner, a Republican, to highlight a crumbling bridge over the Ohio River. Their jobs bill would provide tens of billions of federal dollars to fund construction projects.
Mr. Obama's approval ratings have been hurt by sluggish growth and an unemployment rate that has remained above 9 percent nationally this year. In response, the president proposed a stimulus plan this month that is running into opposition from both parties on Capitol Hill.
The approval trends in these key states are growing worse for Mr. Obama as the weak economy persists. In Virginia, a Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday said 40 percent of voters approve of the job Mr. Obama is doing, down from 48 percent in June.
In North Carolina, the site of next year's Democratic National Convention, 43 percent of voters approve of Mr. Obama and 53 percent disapprove. Mr. Obama won the state by 1 percentage point over Sen. John McCain, Arizona Republican, in 2008, the first time a Democrat took the Tarheel State since 1976.
“These are the purplest of the purple — the true battlegrounds for 2012,” Mr. Bolger wrote in a blog post. “One thing is certain — if the Republicans do not win at least seven of these nine states, we do not win back the White House.”
Hispanics are a key voting bloc in many of these swing states. They accounted for 9 percent of the voters in those nine states in 2008, and they favored Mr. Obama by 26 points, 62 percent to 36 percent.
In three states — Florida, New Mexico and Nevada — Hispanics were especially crucial to Mr. Obama's victory. In Nevada, Hispanics favored Mr. Obama by 76 percent to 22 percent.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
LIMA, Peru — The number of people killed in Peru following intense rains and mudslides wreaking havoc around the Andean nation climbed to 67 Friday, with thousands more displaced from destroyed homes and others waiting on rooftops for rescue.
Across the country overflowing rivers caused by El Nino rains damaged 115,000 homes, collapsed 117 bridges and paralyzed countless roadways.
“We are confronting a serious climatic problem,” President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said in a statement broadcast live Friday afternoon. “There hasn't been an incident of this strength along the coast of Peru since 1998.”
The highly unusual rains follow a series of storms that have struck especially hard along Peru's northern coast, with voracious waters inundating hospitals and cemeteries, and leaving some small villages entirely isolated. On Thursday, the National Police rescued eight people who had been trapped for three days in Cachipampa and removed the body of an 88-year-old man killed in the floods. In the highlands along the department of La Libertad, dramatic video showed crashing water inundating several buses and trucks, killing at least five people. Rescuers were searching Friday for survivors.
Even Peru's capital city of Lima, where a desert climate seldom leads to rain, police had to help hundreds of residents in an outskirt neighbourhood cross a flooded road by sending them one-by-one along a rope through choppy waters. The muddy current channeled down the street after a major river overflowed. Some residents left their homes with just a single plastic bag carrying their belongings.
In total, more than 65,000 people in nearby Huachipa were unable to either go to work or return to their properties.
“There's no way to cross,” said Henry Obando, who was rescued after leaving the factory where they work and making their way toward a rooftop where officers created a zip-line to cross. “Many people are trying to get to their homes.”
The storms are being caused by a warms of the surface waters in the Pacific Ocean and are expected to continue for another two weeks. Kuczynski declared Peru's Central Highway in a state of emergency Friday and announced they would be boosting funds for reconstruction. They said they were optimistic the country was in a strong position to make a swift recovery but urged residents to use caution.
“This hasn't ended,” they warned. “And it will continue for some time more.”
In 1998, another El Nino event brought heavy rainfall to the nation's coast, causing landslides, ripping apart homes and leaving hundreds dead.
On Friday, drinking water was cut off throughout most of Lima, spiking the price for bottled water and creating long lines at city tanks. U.S. Embassy helicopters typically used to eradicate coca crops in the Amazon were redirected to help in rescue efforts.
“People are desperate,” said Doris Meza, who lives in one of the Lima districts most heavily inundated by the floods. “Water is entering everyone's homes. There aren't cars and drivers are charging whatever they want.”
The FDA, in cautionary mode, has come up with a meaningless nanotech threshold of 1,000 nanometers. The genius who decided on that number in a draft guidance on nanomaterial regulation has the biotech industry scratching its collective head over this new math.
As I wrote in my first nanotech column for PJMedia, nano is not any one technology at all. It is an enabling technology, the next step in the evolution of many different disciplines. The problem is that there is no definite dividing line between the "old" way of doing things and the nanoscale world.
There is a general agreement that nanotechnology begins at the level of 100 nanometers or fewer, but that has never been universally accepted and the number, itself, does not mean much. It always looked good on press releases, though, since it's a nice round number and a good way of introducing the idea that different, counterintuitive, spooky, magical things happen to material at that scale.
That 100-nanometer limit is how nanotech businesses can promote the idea that they're doing something futuristic-sounding and a way for nanotech detractors to find a dividing line beyond which "here be dragons" and push for regulation.
But, like the quantum world, itself, simply the act of observing it --- or, in the case of the FDA, regulating it --- has an impact on its development. And the FDA has multiplied that limit by 10 and came up with the 1,000 nanometer thresholds.
Natalie Morrison of in-PharmaTechnologist.com reports that the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) is worried that this new definition of nanotech would "mean pointless extra regulation."
There are many materials in existing pharmaceuticals that already are smaller than this threshold, such as liposomes, emulsions and suspensions, that are already proven to be safe and may contain nanoscale particles, but are not the new, spooky, scary, magical nanomaterials that have regulators around the world worried.
It's surprising, because the FDA has been studying nanomaterials for a long time and I'd have thought that they would at least know what it is they want to regulate, before they begin regulations. Not a good start to government oversight of nanobiotech.
British children's author Terry Deary — best known for their Horrible Histories series and controversial chatter about the nation's school systems — told the Guardian they think libraries “have had their day.” He'd prefer that people buy their books instead of borrowing them, claiming that “books aren't public property.” Deary added, “Authors, booksellers and publishers need to eat. We don't expect to go to a food library to be fed.” The cranky comments feel like a swift kick in the teeth since libraries around the world are struggling against significant budget cuts each year, and authors have been tirelessly advocating for their importance. We gathered a few passionate statements from 20 writers that emphasize why libraries aren't “sentimental” institutions. See what Neil Gaiman, Judy Blume, Ray Bradbury, and other writers have to contribute to the conversation, below.
Ray Bradbury
“I spent three days a week for 10 years educating myself in the public library, and it's better than college. People should educate themselves — you can get a complete education for no money. At the end of 10 years, I had read every book in the library, and I'd written a thousand stories.”
Anne Lamott
“My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words; about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way. There was sanctuary in a library, there is sanctuary now, from the war, from the storms of our family and our own anxious minds. Libraries are like the mountain, or the meadows behind the goat lady's house: sacred space.”
Rita Dove
“My childhood library was small enough not to be intimidating. And yet I felt the whole world was contained in those two rooms. I could walk any aisle and smell wisdom.”
Tracy Chevalier
“I find that when I come out of the library I'm in what I call the library bliss of being totally taken away from the distractions of life.”
Isaac Asimov
“It isn't just a library. It is a spaceship that will take you to the farthest reaches of the Universe, a time machine that will take you to the far past and the far future, a teacher that knows more than any human being, a friend that will amuse you and console you — and most of all, a gateway, to a better and happier and more useful life.”
Victor Hugo
“A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn.”
by Sayer Ji
GreenMedInfo.com
Enjoyed the world over as something of an icon of the tropical experience, the pineapple was used in indigenous medicine for a wide range of ailments; uses that are only now being confirmed by modern scientific methods.
While most know pineapple as an exceptionally delicious tropical fruit, indigenous peoples used it to treat a variety of ailments. Unfortunately, much of this intimate plant knowledge was considered by early anthropologists to be based on mere “superstition” and subsequently disregarded, so few in the modern world have been made aware of its formidable healing powers.
Thankfully, research on the medicinal properties of pineapple has steadily accumulated over the past few decades, to the point where the conventional medical system has been compelled to take notice.
Bromelain, for instance, is a protein-digesting enzyme extract from the pineapple plant, and has even been found to be superior to the highly toxic chemotherapy agent 5-fluorouracil as an anti-tumor agent in preclinical research.[i] [For more details, see our article on the topic: Research: Pineapple Enzyme Kills Cancer Without Killing You]
This remarkable compound, concentrated primarily within the stem (i.e. fibrous core), which is often wastefully discarded, has been researched for the following potential medicinal applications:
Allergic Airway Disease[ii]
Asthma[iii]
Breast Cancer[iv]
Breastfeeding Problems: Poor Milk Production/Quality[v]
Colitis[vi] [vii]
Colon Cancer[viii]
Constipation: Post-operative[ix]
Debriding Agent[x]
Dyspepsia[xi]
Edema[xii]
Glioma (Brain Cancer)[xiii]
Immune Disorders: Low Function[xiv]
Inflammation[xv] [xvi] [xvii] [xviii]
Irritable Bowel Disease[xix]
Influenza[xx]
Liver Damage[xxi]
Lung Cancer[xxii] [xxiii]
Melanoma[xxiv]
Myocardial Infarction (Heart Attack)[xxv]
Osteoarthritis of the Knee[xxvi]
Sinusitis[xxvii]
Skin Cancer[xxviii] [xxix] [xxx]
Tendon Injury[xxxi] [xxxii]
Thrombophlebitis[xxxiii]
Thrombosis (pathological clot)[xxxiv] [xxxv]
How To Eat Pineapple To Get The Benefits of Bromelain
Bromelain extracts are actually composed of a variety of substances, including peroxidase, acid phosphatase, calcium, and protease inhibitors. But the main active ingredients are two enzymes known as fruit and stem bromelain, respectively. Keep in mind that bromelain's potential therapeutic activity, depends entirely on how you take it. When consumed on an empty stomach, the plant's enzyme will enter the blood and exert systemic action. When consumed with food, its activity will mostly be expended on helping the body to break down dietary proteins, easing the body's digestive burden.
Bromelain is an example of something we eat that actually eats us back. Commonly used as a meat tenderizer, when used appropriately it can tenderize our overly inflammed and fibrin-congested muscles and connective tissues with its enzymes.
Word of Caution: Bromelain's fibrinolytic properties can contribute to thinning the blood, so those on blood-thinning medications must be careful, especially when consuming part of the bromelain-rich core. Also, bromelain has the ability to enhance the absorption of other nutrients and drugs due to its ability to modulate intestinal permeability. This can be a good thing, for instance, if one is trying to absorb more of a therapeutic herb or nutrient, but a bad thing if one does not wish to disrupt the delicate pharmacokinetics of the bodily absorption and distribution of potent drugs.
The Part Is Not Superior To The Whole
Keep in mind that the benefits of whole pineapple cannot be reduced down to a singular constituent such as bromelain, no matter how impressive. The pharmaceutical model only goes so far when applied to natural substances. As with most things in the realm of whole food nutrition, the whole is more than the sum of the parts. Pineapple juice and leaves, for example, have additional benefits not found in bromelain alone:
A Rich Source of Dietary Melatonin : Pineapple has been identified to be one of the richest sources of dietary melatonin tested (beating out orange and banana), capable of causing significant blood level elevations, peaking two hours after ingestion.[xxxvi]
: Pineapple has been identified to be one of the richest sources of dietary melatonin tested (beating out orange and banana), capable of causing significant blood level elevations, peaking two hours after ingestion.[xxxvi] Pineapple Leaf Has Anti-Diabetic Properties : All parts of the pineapple plant have potential value. The leaf has been studied to have insulin-sensitizing and/or anti-diabetic properties.[xxxvii][xxxviii]
: All parts of the pineapple plant have potential value. The leaf has been studied to have insulin-sensitizing and/or anti-diabetic properties.[xxxvii][xxxviii] Pineapple Leaves May Beat Cholesterol-Drugs : Preclinical research indicates that pineapple leaves may modulate cholesterol synthesis and activity in a manner similar to statins, but likely without the over 300 known adverse health effects of the statin drug chemical class .[xxxix]
: Preclinical research indicates that pineapple leaves may modulate cholesterol synthesis and activity in a manner similar to statins, but likely without the over 300 known adverse health effects of the .[xxxix] Pineapple Juice Deactivates Rotavirus Transmission: Pineapple juice, due to its low pH and other constituents in the juice, has been found to be effective at inactivating rotavirus, while honeydew and papaya juice failed. [xl]
Whether you are fascinated by the research, simply enjoy the amazing taste and feel of pineapple, or its juice, we can be certain of one thing: food and medicine are inseparably bound within this amazing plant.
Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/pineapples-amazing-healing-properties-revealed
WAR: 1.4.8 on PTS
Mythic have released Game Update 1.4.8 onto the Public Test Server (PTS) and will be testing changes from the 21st to the 28th of November.
All the new 1.4.8 goodness is now available for testing on the Public Test Server (PTS). We will have PTS open from the 21st to the 28th. There are a few things we would like you to specifically poke at while testing, and since these will take you through various tiers, we're asking you do Character Transfers to bring over some characters of various levels for you to play around with. 1) Currency Conversion: There are War Crest Vault Keepers located in the T1 Warcamps in EvC, as well as in the Capital Cities near the renown gear vendors. Is the conversion process clear? Did you run into any errors with your conversions? 2) The Supplier Quartermasters in all T1-T3 Warcamps will have a quest for you. This quest should only appear for you if you are an appropriate level for the tier. When you accept the quest, you should receive gear, you should see a message display, and the quest should auto-complete. The Quartermaster should also have that same gear available for purchase in their store. 3) Renown Vendors have had their contents shuffled a bit to both make things a little easier to find, and bring them in line with the new currency. 4) And most importantly of all: Fight and claim War Crests!! Check to make sure the special multi-packs of crests aren't dropping too frequently; that the stacking 25% per tier chance for a second crest to drop functions as you would expect; and that at least one always does drop when a player is killed in a contested zone. Remember, transfer over a few characters so you have a few Tiers represented. This will make the testing go faster and be more enjoyable. You will still be able to create a template RR100 character, but you will not be able to create a fresh level 1 character, so make sure you create a fresh level 1 character on live to transfer over as well! Our goal is to push this live by the end of next week, so this is the last chance for stress testing, and hammering at those drop rates to make sure they all feel right. If you come across any issues, post to the forums or PM me to let me know. This is a substantial change to how the economy flows, and I want to make sure it really feels good for you all.
To connect to the PTS open up warpatch.exe from the Warhammer Online folder, the patch for me was around 160mb. Make sure you head over to the account center and character copy some of your characters over to test with.
The Changes
Two conversion Vault Keepers are in the capital cities and the Tier 1 warcamps. The current conversion method is the following:
Buy a War Crests bag for old currency.
Manually convert (ctrl & right-click) the bags to convert them into war crests.
This method isn't ideal and involves a hell of a lot of clicking. I had spoken to them about different ways that I would do it.
My first suggestion was to cut out the conversions by selling x crests direct for x of the old currency, but it isn't possible to sell multiple items with the current code which is why you buy a bag of them.
The other was to cut out the merchants by changing the convert values for the original currency themselves, but I don't believe this isn't possible since the convert is for a single item.
Keaven had this to say about it:
Thanks everyone for the first impressions 🙂 I am also not very happy with the way the conversions happen, for the same reasons mentioned here: lots and lots of clicking. As I was driving home tonight I thought of a few ways I may be able to address that and make it easier – But i'm out of the office for the US Thanksgiving Holiday. I'll be back in the office on Monday. I made sure to email myself at work so I wouldn't forget to investigate some things first thing Monday morning
The quartermasters in Tiers 1-3 have a quest available which offers you a full set of basic gear for the area. I'm not sure about the level restrictions for these as my level 14 did not receive a quest in Tier 1.
The quest texts.
Some of the pocket items on sale, the interesting one is the item which when equipped stops experience gained from killing monsters and players, this is available for 1000 War Crests. The other interesting one is the item which doubles renown gained for killing players.
It's great that these items are being introduced, and I didn't see it coming. People have been asking for experience to be turned off ever since you could earn double your level in renown. Also the item which doubles renown for killing players is great, and I hope it will encourage more open world fights.
Standard RvR lake quests have been updated to offer the new currency, as well as the loot bags that you receive. I would like this updated to include all the RvR lake quests as there are some which only reward experience and coin and we want to encourage people to be in the lakes as much as possible.
Tier 1 Quartermaster items.
The only surviving renown gear merchant in tier 1, sells a re-ordered list of all the items. They look lonely.
Advertisements
The rapid growth of Internet-based media, in particular over-the-top (OTT) services such as Netflix and Google, which includes YouTube, is transforming how we produce, distribute, and consume television, radio, films, music, news, and books. While these online services are increasingly popular with consumers, their expansion has taken place in a regulatory vacuum in Canada, with significant consequences for Canadian producers, artists, traditional broadcasters, cultural policy, and the Canadian content regime.
"Online services (such as Netfflix and YouTube) are increasingly popular with consumers (and) their expansion has taken place in a regulatory vacuum in Canada, with significant consequences for Canadian producers, artists, traditional broadcasters, cultural policy, and the Canadian content regime," writes John Anderson. ( Pascal Le Segretain / GETTY IMAGES PHOTO ILLUSTRATION )
Of special concern is that the mostly foreign-owned OTTs are not required to collect and remit value-added taxes (HST) and do not pay income taxes in Canada. Netflix alone is estimated to have 5.2 million household subscribers in Canada. At this number, this means with a fee of $9.99 a month, governments in Canada are deprived of around $80 million per year just for HST/GST/PST, as well as substantial income tax amounts. This policy creates an uneven playing field that benefits very large foreign-owned companies, such as Netflix and Google while depriving the government of valuable tax revenues—money that could go toward supporting Canadian culture and media. Canada has fallen behind the European Union as well as Australia, New Zealand and Japan and other countries, which now all make OTT providers pay HST-type taxes where their customers reside. But it is not only in collecting taxes where we are behind. We have also let Netflix, YouTube and others escape contributing the 5 per cent of gross revenue, which Canadian broadcasters have to pay, towards the creation of Canadian programming.
Article Continued Below
As well in May, the European Commission proposed that video-on-demand services “need to ensure at least a 20 per cent share of European content in their catalogues and should give a good visibility (prominence) to European content in their offers,” something Netflix for example is not required to do either. Combined with the concentration of media industries, the decreased funding over the last three decades for the public networks of CBC and Radio Canada, and the relatively low level of funding for Canadian media production, the increase of the unregulated new media is another blow to Canadian culture. Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) the broadcasting regulator, with its New Media Exemption Order, and the federal government (remember Harper's famous “No Netflix tax “pledge) have systematically avoided the OTT issue — even when opportunities to regulate have presented themselves and studies have urged action. As the Internet becomes the main delivery platform for all our media and most communications needs, it would be more egalitarian and beneficial to Canadian culture for the government to hold foreign-owned OTTs to the same rules as other major Canadian media companies when it comes to online broadcasting. Toward this end, the new government and the CRTC should take the following actions:
The CRTC must remove the New Media Exemption Order for all OTT services and ensure that OTTs begin to comply with Canadian broadcasting regulations. It must ensure there are no more exceptions given to either foreign or Canadian online media services. All electronic commerce services (above a determined sales threshold) that sell to Canadians should collect and remit GST/HST and PST amounts to federal and provincial governments. This should apply to all broadcast distribution companies or Internet and digital services (with over 2,000 subscribers) that consolidate programming and channels and distribute them in Canada.
Article Continued Below
These same e-commerce companies currently avoiding collecting and remitting value-added taxes on Canadian sales should pay income tax on monies they earn from products or services they sell or rent in Canada. This should apply to other e-commerce companies in other sectors, such as Amazon, Kinder, Uber, and Airbnb, as well as to the cultural and broadcast sector. OTT companies that act as broadcasting distribution undertakings with more than 2,000 subscribers should contribute 5 per cent of their gross revenues from broadcasting-related activities to the creation of Canadian programming through publicly or independently administered funds. The regulations on Canadian programming inventory should be applied to all foreign or domestic video-on-demand services. One of the best ways the government could ensure the development of Canadian culture is to increase funding for the CBC and Radio-Canada. The national broadcaster today receives roughly $1 billion a year in funding well below the British, French or most other countries per capita funding of public broadcasters. The federal government should double this contribution and at the same time limit CBC advertising revenues. John Anderson is the author of the just-published study for the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, An Over-the-Top Exemption: It's Time to Fairly Tax and Regulate the New Internet Media Services.
Read more about:
GLENDALE, Ariz. — Before the Arizona Coyotes fired general manager Don Maloney in April, they said in their season postmortem that they would like to sign center Martin Hanzal to a contract extension before the 2016-17 season began. That thinking may have changed under new general manager John Chayka.
“If there was something that made sense, we would probably take a closer look at that because Marty's been a good player for us,” Chayka said Thursday. “But maybe it's not a bad thing to get into the season and see how things play out.”
Hanzal, 29, is entering the final year of a five-year, $15.5 million deal that will pay them $3.5 million this season with a cap hit of $3.1 million. They set career highs with 28 assists and 41 points last season, but they also missed 18 games and hasn't played more than 65 games in a full season since 2009-10.
Chayka had discussions with Hanzal's representatives soon after they took over, but a busy summer in their first season as GM has pushed Hanzal talks to the backburner and Chayka said nothing is currently active on that front.
Hanzal's history of back problems and their 30th birthday (in February) will clearly be factors in the Coyotes' assessment of their future, but following the release of veteran center Antoine Vermette, the Coyotes have only Hanzal and Brad Richardson under contract at the position. They have prospects Dylan Strome, Christian Dvorak, Ryan MacInnis, Laurent Dauphin and Tyler Gaudet all vying for roster spots.
While it is still possible the Coyotes could move Hanzal at the NHL trade deadline next spring, they have a need for a veteran presence at the position now, so it wouldn't make sense to trade them before the season unless they planned to acquire another NHL center.
HAWG-A-RAMA
Coyotes co-owner and president of hockey operations Gary Drummond will host their annual Hawg-a-Rama party this weekend at their fully functioning farm in Regina, Saskatchewan. Many members of the Coyotes ownership and management teams are expected to attend, including president and CEO Anthony LeBlanc, Chayka and coach Dave Tippett.
LeBlanc said the event raises money for University of Regina athletics and Regina Minor football.
“Gary has quite the spot,” LeBlanc said. “They put up a big outdoor concert venue, they have a fully functioning saloon on site and a big car museum.”
Chayka, who arrived in Regina on Thursday, said Drummond regularly books well-known country music acts.
“It's kind of a last-ditch bash before we get going on the season again,” Chayka said.
Drummond said 12,000 to 13,000 people typically turn out on Saturday.
“It's a real good small-town community deal where many people pitch in to help out,” Drummond said. “We will give $100,000 to our local university basketball program and $250,000 to Regina Minor Football this year. I guess I'm basically a big kid because it's still, after 12 years, the highlight of my summer.”
PLAYFAIR EXTENSION
The Coyotes signed assistant coach Jim Playfair to a multi-year contract extension on Tuesday. Chayka said the thinking was simple with Playfair, who coaches the Coyotes defensemen.
“I think we've got two head coaches on our staff and with Tip working with me now on some management duties, Jimmy continues to play an integral role,” Chayka said. “It's obvious that they care a ton about their defensemen and he's gotten guys to buy into the nuances of defending at the National Hockey League level.
“It's a very difficult position to play and there's not that many detailed defensive teachers. We feel we have one of them so we wanted to lock them up long term.”
LOOSE PUCKS
— There is nothing new to report on stalled contract negotiations between restricted free agent forward Tobias Rieder and the Coyotes. Rieder's agent, Darren Ferris, is in Slovakia this week for the Ivan Hlinka Memorial Cup (U-18 Junior World Cup).
— In case you were wondering, the Coyotes are not serious players in the Jimmy Vesey sweepstakes. The Harvard star and 2016 Hobey Baker Award winner will become a free agent on July 15.  They are reportedly talking with several teams including Buffalo, Chicago, Toronto, Boston, New Jersey and the New York Rangers. Nashville drafted Vesey in the third round (66th overall) in 2012, but they informed the Predators in March that they would explore free agency.
Follow Craig Morgan on Twitter
Follow @craigsmorgan
This story is about Published Aug. 2016
If Brandon Carr can keep their rubber band popping, Cowboys corner could score financially Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys cornerback Brandon Carr (39) comes down with a tipped pass for an interception during afternoon practice at training camp in Oxnard, California, Friday, August 5, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Brandon George , Staff Writer Contact Brandon George on Twitter: @DMN_George
OXNARD, Calif. -- Cowboys cornerback Brandon Carr was practicing Friday wearing two rubber bands. One was around their hair. The other seemed out of place. Carr had a rubber band around their right wrist, seemingly odd for a player who is always using their hands in an effort to break up a pass.
Photos: You want Cowboys kids? We got 'em and plenty of practice action, too
Former NBA point guard Maurice Cheeks used to wear a rubber band as well. They would snap it as punishment when they committed a turnover or made a bad play. For Carr, it's the opposite. "It's [for] good things," Carr said. "I pop it when I make plays." They did that Friday evening in practice when they forced a fumble after Dez Bryant caught a slant pass. Carr also intercepted a Tony Romo pass in 7-on-7 work. But Carr was more fizzle than pop in 2015. They played most of the season with a right shoulder injury that didn't require surgery but kept them from being able to lift their arm above their shoulder at times. Carr said he's better now and has full range of motion. Carr finished 2015 without an interception for a second consecutive season and tied a career low with six pass breakups. Those weren't the numbers the Cowboys expected from Carr when they signed them to a five-year, $50.1 million free-agent deal in 2012.
Financial twist: Can the Cowboys afford to trade for Cleveland's Josh McCown at the moment?
Carr doesn't have an interception since Thanksgiving 2013. The Cowboys pushed them to accept a pay cut, and they relented in the offseason. Carr's base salary was reduced from $9.1 million to $3.6 million to help the Cowboys save about $3.6 million in salary-cap space. Carr now enters a contract year with a chip on their shoulder and needing a big year to cash in for a second time in free agency. They were in that same position in 2011 with Kansas City. That's the last time they wore a rubber band around their wrist. They finished 2011 with a career-high four interceptions. "I brought them back out to get the juice going again," Carr said. "I need to put something in it." Carr was referring to another big day. But how much money could a rubber band possibly hold? "Oh, I only carry a few bills at a time," Carr said. "I don't want to be a target around here. You know a big target out here with all those dollar signs. Everybody wants to come at you, so you have to watch out." Carr's big contract with the Cowboys has made them a big target for criticism. Even though they haven't missed a game in their eight-year career, Carr hasn't been the playmaker the last two years they once are. And the Cowboys need that now more than ever.
Observations from Oxnard: Dez the punt returner? Dez does Dez things; Romo plays with their boys
They're coming off a year in which the cornerbacks combined for only two interceptions as the Cowboys tied an NFL record for fewest takeaways in a season with 11. Carr said the Cowboys' defense has an edge to it this year. "I think it's bigger than a chip at this point -- it's probably like a big boulder," Carr said. "We're not satisfied with last year's results." But do the Cowboys' cornerbacks take the criticism about lack of takeaways personal? "I got bags under my eyes -- I don't get much sleep, man," Carr said. "Still trying to find the ball." Carr isn't alone when it comes to the pursuit of that next big deal. Four of the Cowboys' top six defensive backs are entering the final year of their contracts, including cornerback Morris Claiborne and safeties Barry Church and J.J. Wilcox. Carr was asked if their mind-set changes going into a contract year. "Get the ball, get this money," they quipped. "Keep it simple. "We know we all got some unfinished business. We pretty much started this thing together and put in the work for the last four or five years. Things didn't go the way that we thought they would for a few years, but you know the good thing about sports is that you get a clean slate, a new year. It's time for us to come out here and do it all over again." Twitter: @DMN_George More coverage
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys cornerback Brandon Carr (39) wears a rubber band on their right wrist during afternoon practice at training camp in Oxnard, California, Friday, August 5, 2016. They snap it every time they make a good play. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
This Topic is Missing Your Voice.
CULLY HAMNER Defines Their DCnU Role
[DCnU Reboot Index Page: All latest the News, Images, Interviews & Columns]
Cully Hamner has more than one role in the relaunch of the DCnU.
Not only is they one of the artists with a new comic this fall — doing the first three issues of The Shade with writer James Robinson — but Hamner has been playing a crucial role in the revamp of DC character costumes.
Hamner, the artist behind comics like Warren Ellis' Red and the new Blue Beetle, is putting together the style guide for all the new costumes, but even before that, they played a role in their redesign. As Newsarama has interviewed artists who are involved in the DCnU initiative, many of them have mentioned the input by Hamner, and DC Co-Publisher Jim Lee recently lauded them for their work on the relaunch.
So when we contacted the artist for an interview about The Shade — which we'll have for you next week — we ended up spinning the conversation in the direction of their role in the redesign of all those costumes for the DCnU. What follows is that casual conversation, during which we even broached the topic of Wonder Woman's pants change.
Newsarama: Before DC even announced you were part of the design team behind this new initiative, I kept talking to artists who were saying, "and then Cully took a look at it." You clearly played a bigger role in this than anyone knew at the beginning. What was the job about?
Cully Hamner: What originally happened was that Mark Chiarello asked me to be part of it, and what my main job was supposed to be was to do the style guide for the whole DC Universe. I'm working on that now. I'm doing turnarounds on everybody. It's the final reference guide for all the artists to draw from, even beyond the people involved in the initiative now.
When I talked with Mark about this, they said they also wanted my opinion. As long as I'm looking at these costumes, they wanted me to share what I thought.
Then it evolved organically into this role where Jim might do a sketch, and I would give my opinion or maybe even do another version of it. It just became this situation where I was part of the chorus of people who has something to say about it.
I guess they liked what I had to say, because more and more, they were asking me my opinion. I had editors reaching out to me where they wanted me to take pass at the costumes. It really did get into a situation where I was cc'd on everything about the costumes, and that was a little odd because it would be addressed to Dan DiDio, Jim, the editorial staff and me. It was an odd place for a freelancer to be, sticking their nose into this editorial stuff.
Nrama: Did you enjoy it? Did you feel comfortable with that?
Hamner: You know, at first I wasn't sure exactly how far to go. Jim and I have known each other awhile, but we haven't known each other super well. So I wasn't sure how much I could push it with them or the other people involved. But I just decided, well, if they want my opinion, they'll take it, and hopefully they'll appreciate what I have to say. And if they don't, I'm sure they'll let me know.
So I just gave my unbiased opinion on everything. Thankfully, Jim is a pretty open-minded guy. That's what they wanted. They also wanted somebody that was a 180 from their style. Because their style and my style are very different. I tend to go for more of a simple, graphic kind of style, and they tend to go for a little more ornate kind of style. And we're at different ends of the spectrum. But that's what they wanted. They wanted somebody that could have enough knowledge of what they do to comment on it effectively, but not just tell them what they want to hear. That's where I came in.
I've done a fair amount of redesigning or re-imagining characters over the last few years, and I guess DC liked what I did on those other characters.
Nrama: I think they have mentioned that they were particularly impressed with your design for the new Blue Beetle.
Hamner: That's the signature thing. Everybody always comes to me and tells me they love that design. It's always very flattering. I'm particularly proud of that character. Even though the book was canceled after awhile, the design on that character seemed to stick around.
Nrama: Yeah, it was canceled, but a 36-issue run on a new, single-hero book is actually pretty long.
Hamner: Yeah. It supported 36 issues, it made it into a cartoon series and an episode of Smallville, and if you go to the Warner Bros. lot right now, there they are painted on the side of a big building. That's pretty nice to see when you come up with something from whole cloth, especially when it as not exactly what the original pitch for the series asked for. When I read the initial idea behind the book, it seemed like they were asking for something a little more like a Transformer or mecha kind of character, and I just thought nobody is going to want to draw that month-in and month-out, and it won't take. So I did something a little bit more superheroic, and I brought some different influences to it that I had in mind. And it somehow seemed to stick. I got really lucky on that one.
And here we are six years later, and he's still around and still kicking. It doesn't look like they're going to be getting rid of them anytime soon. So that's a cool thing.
Nrama: And they're relaunching the series.
Hamner: Yeah, I saw that. It's going to be weird to do the turnaround of him. I did a turnaround of them once before, when I did the original series, because I tend to do that anyway, for my own reference.
Now I'm doing all the different turnarounds in a template that's common to all of them. Basically, you could maybe make a book out of it. So I'm doing one for them too. I'm doing one for just about everybody that's active in the DCU right now. Don't hold me to this, but I would not be surprised if it ended up being something like 70 or 80 characters.
Nrama: When you guys redesigned the costumes, did you take into account the writer's direction and the tone of the comic?
Hamner: Yes, of course, and the creative teams were really involved and were sometimes the ones who came up with the first pass on the designs. Also, you know, this is an evolutionary thing. I don't think that you should look at any of these as, "Well, this is the look and it's never going to change."
Obviously, when you have this many writers and artists and editors and people with their hands in the pie, a costume is going to evolve. It's almost like the pilot to a TV show. If you've ever watched the first episode to a TV show, if you go back and look at it after a couple seasons of a show, it looks weird. It doesn't fit with what you end up having.
I think it's the same with comic book costume design. If you look at the very first Superman costume design, it's not what it was 10 years later.
This is a kicking off point for all these characters. Hopefully we got more right than we got wrong and a lot of it will stick around, but people are going to bring their own flair to this.
I'm doing a style guide which is exactly that. It's a guide. I'm not speaking for DC here, but I would have a hard time believing that this is going to end up being, "you will not deviate from this path, ever."
A lot of what people react about on the Internet is a case where they don't have a complete picture or all of the information.
I would urge people to calm down and give this thing a shot. If they don't like something, then they don't like something, but I would ask that they not like it on the basis of what they're reading rather than what they're hearing fifth-hand on the internet.
Nrama: This week, DC released a promotional image, and the cover of Wonder Woman #1 used to have them wearing navy blue pants, but it now has them in the star-spangled bathing suit look. If you're doing the turnaround, which one is it?
Hamner: You know, this is exactly what I'm talking about with evolution. And I heard something about -- and I have no idea where this crazy stuff comes from -- but there was this thing going around that there was a "pants rule," that there was this edict from "Lord DC" or something that all female characters will have pants. That's not true, for one thing.
It's weird to get an email where, in the subject line, it says "Wonder Woman without pants." [laughs] It took me a second to figure out what someone was sending me. It was an editorial decision. The final look, as far as I'm aware right now, is that she's wearing briefs. Them legs are bare.
Nrama: You know, I heard the "pants rule" rumor too and even asked Eddie [Berganza] and Bob [Harras] about it, which in hindsight is a little embarrassing, because it made them laugh. But there were a lot of female characters with pants, which is where that "pants rule" rumor probably came from.
Hamner: Here's what I think. And this wasn't an edict or anything, but I just think there was a general feeling of, "why are so many of our female characters in bathing suits?"
So I think there might have been a general coincidental feeling that some of these characters should be in stuff that is more...
Nrama: Realistic?
Hamner: Well, I don't know if the word would be "realistic," because none of these outfits are "realistic." Maybe a little more believable in the context of a superhero universe.
There are a lot of female characters who are in something that's a little bit more utilitarian, for that sort of way to pass your time: fighting crime. That said, there are a number of female characters who are wearing sexier outfits, but they tend to be characters for whom that's part of their character. Like Starfire is a little more of an exhibitionist, so she's going to be wearing something that's a little more about the look, as opposed to the Huntress. I noticed that the current Huntress design, which I didn't have much to do with, doesn't have the little belly window anymore.
Nrama: Which I think some people like and some people don't...
Hamner: And you could say that about everything! I swear to God that I've seen people discussing these costumes on the Internet, and you'll see completely different opinions. Just yesterday, I saw someone complaining about the Starfire outfit and how it was ridiculous and too sexist, and the very next board that I went to, people were complaining about female characters wearing pants and they weren't sexy enough.
But there are character reasons behind a lot of these decisions. Or story reasons. A lot of things are being taken into account that fans aren't necessarily privy to. But there's a reason for just about everything.
Nrama: If you were giving your opinion on these, and it differed from the opinion of other people on the design team, did you ever have to walk away from a costume and leave it looking a way you didn't like?
Not really, but I didn't necessarily like every little detail, because it was a team of people working on this. Did I agree with every decision? No. But I agreed with the process. You win some and you lose some, and I'm sure there are a lot of designs that my opinion "won" on, and there are probably people who don't like it. That was the process. And that's what you surrender yourself to.
What won is what made the most sense for the book. Sometimes it was a case of what, aesthetically, most of us liked. And sometimes it got down to tiny little details.
But it was not what I'd call a difficult process. There were lots of times Jim themselves would do a drawing and wouldn't like it, but I'd love it. And vice versa. But there were other times that we'd draw something and the other would say, "Eh, I don't think that works." And the other would say, "Yeah, you're right. Let's try something different."
There were times I would get some designs from other artists that I loved, and there were times I would see something that I just didn't think worked, and I would send them a new drawing, and they would like some stuff and not like other stuff. So it was really a team effort. It's a really fun process, as you're creating in this team structure.
But most of the actual design work is behind us at this point. Now I'm just concentrating on the turnarounds and getting the style guide set up.
Nrama: Would you want to do more of this?
Hamner: Yeah! I like doing it. I didn't know if I was quite capable of handling myself in this environment, because I'm not a staffer. I've been a freelancer for 20 years. I felt like I worked well enough within the team, not being there, because obviously some people are in New York, some people are in California, and I'm in Atlanta. So a lot of this stuff was done via email. And there were times they wanted a design done in two hours, and I'd be on a plane doing them on my iPad, using the plane's Internet to send them. There were times where I was doing multiple passes and working on one design again and again. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it. The whole experience was just a neat one to have.
So yeah, I'd like to do more if they would like me to do more. But at this point, I don't know how much more there is to do. We're kind of redefining the look of the whole DC Universe. I assume as other characters are introduced, if they want me to be involved, I'm here waiting for the call.
Got a comment? There's lots of conversation on Newsarama's FACEBOOK and TWITTER
DALLAS (AP) – The bulk of a man's childhood comic book collection that included many of the most prized issues ever published sold at auction Wednesday for about $3.5 million.
A copy of Detective Comics No. 27, which sold for 10 cents in 1939 and features the debut of Batman, got the top bid at the New York City auction Wednesday. It sold for about $523,000, including a buyer's premium, said Lon Allen, managing director of comics for Heritage Auctions, the Dallas-based auction house overseeing the sale.
"This really has its place in the history of great comic book collections," said Allen, who added that the auction was high energy, with "a bunch of applause at a couple of the top lots."
Action Comics No. 1, a 1938 issue featuring the first appearance of Superman, sold for about $299,000; Batman No. 1, from 1940, sold for about $275,000; and Captain America No. 2, a 1941 issue with a frightened Adolf Hitler on the cover, brought in about $114,000, Allen said.
Among the 345 well-preserved comics bought decades ago by the Virginia boy with a remarkable knack for picking winners were 44 of The Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide's top 100 issues from comics' golden age.
"It was amazing seeing what they went for," said Michael Rorrer, who discovered their late great uncle Billy Wright's collection last year while cleaning out their late great aunt's house in Martinsville, Va., following their death.
Opening up a basement closet, Rorrer found the neatly stacked comics that had belonged to Wright, who died in 1994 at age 66.
"This is just one of those collections that all the guys in the business think don't exist anymore," Allen said.
Experts say the collection is remarkable not only for the number of rare books, but also because the comics were kept in such good condition for half a century by the man who bought them in their childhood.
"The scope of this collection is, from a historian's perspective, dizzying," said J.C. Vaughn, associate publisher of Overstreet.
Most comics from the golden age — the late 1930s into the 1950s — fell victim to wartime paper drives, normal wear and tear and mothers throwing them out, said Vaughn. Of the 200,000 copies of Action Comics No. 1 produced, about 130,000 were sold and the about 70,000 that didn't sell were pulped. Today, experts believe only about 100 copies are left in the world, they said.
Allen said that 118 of the lesser-valued comics from the collection will be sold in an online auction Friday that's expected to bring in about $100,000.
Rorrer, of Oxnard, Calif., got half their great uncle's collection and their mother took the other half to give to their brother Jonathan in Houston. Rorrer, 31, said they didn't realize their value until months later, when they mentioned the collection to a co-worker who mused that it would be quite something if they had Action Comics No. 1.
"I went home and was looking through some of them, and there it was," said Rorrer, who then began researching the collection's value in earnest.
Once Rorrer realized how important the comics were, they called their mother, Lisa Hernandez, of League City, Texas, who still had the box for their brother at their house. The two then went through their boxes, checking comic after comic off the list.
Hernandez said it really hit them how valuable the comics were when they saw the look on Allen's face when the auction house expert came to their house to look through the comics.
"It was kind of hard to wrap my head around it," Allen said.
The find was a complete surprise for the family, and it is unclear if Ruby Wright was aware of the collection's significance. Rorrer said they remember them making only one fleeting reference to comics: Upon learning they and their brother liked comic books, they said they had some they would one day give them. They said their great uncle never mentioned their collection.
Allen, who called the collection "jaw-dropping," noted that Wright "seemed to have a knack" for picking up the ones that would be the most valuable. The core of their collection is from 1938 to 1941.
Hernandez said it makes sense that their uncle — even as a boy — had a discerning eye. The man who went to The College of William and Mary before having a long career as a chemical engineer for DuPont was smart, they said. And, they added, Wright was an only child whose mother kept most everything they had. They said that they found games from the 1930s that were still in their original boxes.
"There were some really hard to find books that were in really, really great condition," said Paul Litch, the primary grader at Certified Guaranty Company, an independent certification service for comic books.
"You can see it was a real collection," Litch said. "Someone really cared about these and kept them in good shape."
Pakistani man dies after inhaling fumes from burning American flags at anti-Islam film rally
More than 10,000 protesters reportedly took to the streets in Lahore
Demonstrators chanted anti-U.S. slogans and set light to U.S. flag outside American Consulate.
A Pakistani protestor has died after inhaling smoke from burning U.S. flags during a rally against the anti-Islam film Innocence of Muslims.
Abdullah Ismail died in Mayo hospital in Lahore having complained of feeling unwell during the angry demonstrations in the eastern Pakistan city yesterday.
Around 10,000 people are estimated to have taken part in the protest organised by the group Tehreek Hurmat-i-Rasool.
Pakistani Shiite Muslims climb the U.S. consulate wall to burn an American flag during a protest in Lahore against the anti-Islam movie
Demonstrators chanted anti-U.S. slogans before setting light to an American flag outside the U.S. Consulate.
Some, who tried to reach the wall of the building, scuffled with baton-wielding police.
The participants marched from Nila Gumbad to Masjid-i-Shuhada on The Mall and despite a ban on rallies on The Mall, the road remained blocked to traffic until 6pm
A number of religious leaders addressed the rally including Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, head of the Jamatud Dawa organisation - one of the largest and most active militant Islamist groups in South Asia.
They claimed the film had been produced with the backing of the U.S. establishment.
Activists of the Sirat-e-Mustaqeem Foundation burn the U.S. flag in Lahore during the protest against the anti-Islamic movie
They said director Nakoula Basseley Nakoula and others involved in its production and release must be hanged.
According to the Express Tribune they told protestors: 'The U.S. must make a law against blasphemy – or we will not let the U.S. consulates in Pakistan function.'
They also dismissed the value of the resolution made on September 13 by parliament which condemning the movie. They said the country's president Asif Ali Zardari must announce jihad against countries such as the U.S. who 'support attacks on Islam'.
They also urged The Organisation of Islamic Countries Conference to boycott U.S. goods.
Meanwhile other rallies against the controversial film, which sparked controversy after a trailer was posted on YouTube, took place across Pakistan.
Pakistani Sunni Muslims torch a US flag during the protest in Lahore where more than 10,000 demonstrators took to the streets
Several hundred demonstrators in the northwestern part of the country clashed with police after setting fire to a press club and a government building.
The protesters apparently attacked the press club in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province's Upper Dir district because they were angry their rally wasn't getting more coverage, according to the police.
I the town of Wari officers charged a crowd, beating protesters back with batons, police official Mukhtar Ahmed said.
The demonstrators then attacked an office belonging to a senior government official and surrounded a local police station, where officers locked themselves in.
Another protester died when police and demonstrators exchanged fire in the city, and several others were wounded, police spokesperson Akhtar Hayat said.
In the southern city of Karachi Hundreds battled police for a second day as they tried to reach the U.S. Consulate.
A Pakistani Shiite Muslim woman holds a placard outside the U.S. consulate during the protest
Police lobbed tear gas and fired in the air to disperse the protesters from the student wing of the Jamaat-e-Islami party.
Police arrested 40 students, but no injuries were reported.
Pakistanis have also held many peaceful protests against the film, including one in the southwest town of Chaman, attended by around 3,000 students and teachers.
The chief justice of Pakistan's Supreme Court ordered the government's telecommunications authority to block access to the film.
Government officials have said they are trying to block the video, as well as other content considered blasphemous, but it is still viewable on YouTube today.
The movie portrays the Prophet Muhammad as a fraud, a womanizer and a child molester.
Our last two hacknights (with TokBox and Pusher) have been incredible and we're super excited to announce the next Simpleweb Challenge! This time, the theme will be cloud communications and will be sponsored by the wonderful Twilio!
Twilio's global API allows developers to build intelligent and complex communications systems. We'll be challenging hackers to build something cool using any of Twilio's APIs which enable phones, VoIP and SMS to be embedded into apps and websites.
Thanks to Twilio's sponsorship, we'll be able to provide delicious homemade food as well as proper beers, ciders and soft drinks to keep us going. We'll also have some great prizes for the winner and runners-up (to be announced!).
The night isn't just for hardcore developers, but you'll want a developer on your team to help you get set up with Twilio. You can work alone, or in teams of up to 3 people. Feel free to leave a comment on the Meetup page if you're looking for teammates!
0 Florida pizza restaurant says no kids allowed; critics respond
A pizza restaurant in Tampa Bay, Florida, is drawing criticism from parents after the restaurant posted a “no children” note on the establishment's front door.
>> Read more trending news
Related Headlines Frankenstein baby born at Florida hospital on Halloween
The bold, all caps note went up last week at Hampton Station, a neighborhood pizza joint in Seminole Heights, Florida.
Troy Taylor, who opened Hampton Station in 2015, said the restaurant started out as a family-friendly eatery.
But Taylor told the Tampa Bay Times that over time, there were “a lot of people who couldn't keep their kids under control.” And a recent incident -- which they would not detail -- further provoked the child ban.
“A kid was in danger and could have seriously been hurt,” Taylor said. “It's a liability and safety issue. After the incident, I thought, ‘This can't happen again.'”
In making the decision, Taylor also considered the dangers of the busy street the restaurant is located near and any possible situations that could arise from intoxicated adults since the restaurant serves alcohol.
“It's one of the toughest things I've ever done. It's been gut-wrenching,” Taylor told the Times.
But many parents, including mothers involved in a Facebook group called “Tampa Bay Moms Group,” don't agree with Taylor's decision.
Some have asked if the ban classifies as discrimination.
Some say the ban is just fine: “Fine by me! I don't have to take my kids everywhere with me and there are also plenty of other pizza places I can take them with me if I chose to.”
Others say the ban should be more specific: “A sign that says ‘no children' is too ambiguous. Does that mean a man and their 12-year-old son can't come watch MNF and eat pizza? Or does it mean no toddler-age children?”
And still others say the restaurant reserves the right to make the decision. According to federal law, restaurants do have the right to choose whether to allow children.
“I'm happy to see restaurants are taking a stand and saying, ‘We don't want kids in here being noisy or messy. We're going to create an environment for adults only,'” Courtney Mattina, a New Port Richey mother of two told the Times. “I was a waiter for six years and kids running around a restaurant is one of the most dangerous things in the world.”
Taylor said they just “couldn't live with the fact that a child might get hurt” at their restaurant.
“We had a lot of great kids come into Hampton, and we are going to miss them, but this had to be done for everyone's well being,” they wrote on Facebook.
Read more at the Tampa Bay Times.
>> Related: Parents dining with kids limited to one alcoholic beverage at N.Y. restaurant
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
More than 7,000 patients at a Utah hospital were potentially exposed to an “outbreak” of hepatitis C after coming into contact with an infected former nurse – but less than half have come in for free testing to find out if they have the disease.
“We do consider this an outbreak,” Angela Dunn, a physician with the Utah Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told the Standard Examiner. “When we have two or more hepatitis C-related infections, we consider it an outbreak.”
Only 35 percent of the 7,200 patients contacted to receive free testing have come forward so far, FOX13 reported.
“We're hoping for about half at the end of the day, but we only have a few weeks left of free testing,” Dunn said.
Several people have already tested positive for the disease; however, the final tally of those infected isn't expected to be released until February or March.
“When we have two or more hepatitis C-related infections, we consider it an outbreak." — Angela Dunn, physician
Mckay-Dee Hospital, in Ogden, and Davis Hospital, in Layton, are offering free testing through the end of January. Those are the hospitals that previously employed 49-year-old nurse Elet Neilson, who contracted a rare strain of the disease, genome 2b. Both that strain and a different variation of hepatitis C have been identified through testing, according to the Standard Examiner. Exposure to the disease is thought to have occurred between June 17, 2013 and Nov. 25, 2014, according to FOX13.
Neilson was fired for reportedly using medications illegally and eventually pleaded to a misdemeanor for possession of a controlled substance, paying a $413 fine and serving no jail time.
Dunn told KUTV the current outbreak was the first one ever reported for hepatitis C in Utah, though a similar outbreak occurred in Denver in 2009. In that instance a nurse who was stealing drugs replaced them with used syringes filled with saline.
Dunn said it was important for everyone contacted to be tested because symptoms of hepatitis C can lay dormant for decades.
“People can have no symptoms for decades and then all of the sudden their liver will start failing and that's a deadly part of the disease,” Dunn said. “So it's important to be identified early in the disease court when people don't have symptoms so they can get effective treatment.”
Copyright by WSPA - All rights reserved James Timothy Beavers
Copyright by WSPA - All rights reserved James Timothy Beavers
SPARTANBURG, SC (WSPA) - A man was arrested after they were accused of pointing and presenting a gun in the direction of a Burger King manager and employee in an argument over a coupon, according to a report from the Spartanburg Co. Sheriff's Office.
Deputies say they were called for a disturbance with a weapon at Burger King on Highway 221 in Spartanburg Co. on 11/21.
On their way there, they were told the suspect vehicle, an older model Ford Explorer with a busted outback window, had been pulled over at the suspect's home in the 100 block of Clayton Dr.
The suspect, identified as James Beavers, 29, of Roebuck, said they had gotten into an argument with the manager of Burger King at the drive thru because they would not honor a coupon swap they wanted to do at that restaurant.
They said the manager disrespected them and told them to come back when they had money.
Beavers told the deputy they had a gun in their vehicle, but didn't point or present it at the manager or anyone else, according to the report.
They also told the deputy they didn't have a concealed weapon permit for the gun deputies found in the center console of the vehicle.
The manager of the store said a customer came through the drive thru around 2:22 p.m. and was trying to use coupons at the order screen that the manager wouldn't honor.
The manager said the customer came to the drive thru window and started arguing.
The customer had a gun in their lap and pointed it in the manager's direction but wasn't raised up from their lap, according to the manager.
The manager said the customer told them they would be back and drove off.
Another employee who witnessed the incident said the gun appeared to be in the customer's lap before they pulled up the the drive thru.
They said the suspect continued to curse them and their manager before they were told to leave.
The gun was presented and pointed in their direction from the suspect's lap, but never raised up, according to the employee.
Investigators say surveillance video shows the suspect at the drive thru arguing with the manager, but doesn't show the suspect pointing or presenting the gun from the camera angles provided.
Beavers was arrested and charged with Unlawful Carry of a Pistol and 2 counts of Pointing and Presenting Firearm according to the report.
A rule change designed to get able-bodied adults off food stamps has reduced the number of Alabamians receiving assistance by tens of thousands in the last year.
On Jan. 1, 2016, there were 49,940 able-bodied adults without dependents utilizing the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, known as SNAP or food stamps. That number dropped to 15,375 people as of May 1, 2016 and down to 7,483 as of May 1, 2017, according to Barry Spear, Public Information Manager of the Alabama Department of Human Resources.
The change is due to the expiration of a federal waiver that permitted work requirement exemptions for able-bodied adults who were receiving food stamps. Now, all SNAP recipients ages 18-49 who aren't disabled or raising minor children are required to work at least part-time to be eligible for benefits.
Currently, able-bodied adult SNAP recipients are limited to three months of benefits within a three-year time frame unless they are working or participating in an approved training program for at least 20 hours a week. Some exemptions are available for those who are physically or mentally unable to work; are pregnant; are caring for someone who is physically or mentally disabled; is a student; or is participating in a drug or alcohol treatment program.
Previously 13 counties were exempt from the work requirements, due to high unemployment in Greene, Hale, Perry, Dallas, Lowndes, Wilcox, Monroe, Conecuh, Clarke, Washington, Choctaw, Sumter, and Barbour counties. As of Jan. 1, 2017, those counties are no longer covered by the exemption and the work requirements for receiving benefits is in place, according to DHR.
17 percent of Alabamians on food stamps
According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, 851,000 Alabamians - or roughly 17 percent of the state's population - received SNAP benefits in 2016. Of those 71 percent are families with children; 32 percent are in families with members who are elderly or have disabilities; and 40 percent are in working families.
The average monthly SNAP benefit for each household member was $123.
Changes coming to Alabama's WIC program Changes are coming to Alabama's nutrition program for women, infants and children.
Update: Story was corrected June 2 at 10:39 a.m. to show work exemptions are no longer in place for 13 counties with high unemployment.
It is not the intent of LeaveHQ to intervene in the internal politics of the Leave campaign and we have largely steered away from making any significant interventions. However it has now become clear to us now that Vote Leave is a fundamentally broken organisation, badly tainted by the smell of corruption and bullying, along with an ambiguous position on leaving.
It is clear that they have failed to achieve any grassroots traction and their appeal is largely limited to Tories. It is mainly a vehicle for the "London Bubble", and thus has a limited shelf life. It cannot go the distance.
It is our belief that the conduct of Dominic Cummings is abysmal and reflects badly on all of us. The propensity of the BBC to refer to Vote Leave as the primary Leave campaign means our whole movement is tainted by association.
The BBC has a clear pro-EU bias and is an active participant in the campaign, and will use Vote Leave as a weapon against us. The internet never forgets. For this reason, it is our recommendation that Vote Leave should be folded immediately, and MPs, if they must join a group, should follow Kate Hoey's lead.
Under no circumstances should Vote Leave be the lead campaign organisation. They are certain to deliver a defeat if they do.
Leave HQ
The New Orleans Saints travel to Charlotte to take on the Panthers in the Thursday night game of the week. The winner will take over sole possession of first place in the NFC South. Given the relatively few number of wins compiled in the division to this point, there will almost certainly only be one representative from the NFC South. Halfway through the season is as good a point as any for some team to take charge and put itself in position for the postseason tournament. With that in mind, let's take a look at positional matchups that'll be key to the Saints vs Panthers showdown.
New Orleans Receivers vs Carolina Panthers Secondary
The Saints showed on Sunday night exactly why they are so dangerous. On any given night they can ring up points by the bushel load, and one of their many avenues they use to drive the ball into the endzone is the glutton of talent they have at receiver. Against Green Bay five different receivers had four or more receptions (for the purposes of this discussion, Jimmy Graham is included in the receiver designation—franchise tag be damned). Both Brandin Cooks and Kenny Stills will present problems with their athleticism. They possess dazzling speed and superior footwork, and they've got a decent guy to get the ball to them on time.
The secondary is the only position group that has more talent than last year. With Josh Norman back, the secondary has improved. Against the Seahawks they pursued the ball and cut down on missed tackles, limiting the yards after catch. The problem is that this New Orleans WR group is much more akin to the Cincinnati Bengals team that helped hang 37 points on the Panthers. Moreover, the team will hand its hands full with suddenly resurgent Jimmy Graham, the best tight end they've faced all year. And with a completely new secondary, no one would have any real experience with them or Brees.
Mark Ingram vs the Panthers Defensive Line
Running back Ingram has had to deal with the “bust” whispers since they were taken following their Heisman trophy-winning campaign out of Alabama. Despite their relative small career aggregate yardage output, Ingram has been the effective runner seen on Sunday their entire career. A few injuries and a crowded backfield have slowed Ingram's career a bit, but their talent is legitimate and real. Drew Brees will be a handful in their own right, if Carolina can't slow down at least one of the weapons of this offense then it'll be doomed.
The defensive line played relatively well against Marshawn Lynch and company. While the 119 yards submitted seems like a big number, keep in mind that the Seahawks are ranked first in rush yards per game (heading into the game). Moreover, they were disciplined against the ever-elusive Russell Wilson, who scrambled their way to 37 yards. It was a welcomed sight for Panthers fans to see a quality performance from this group. Star Lotulelei had their best game of the season, applying play-wrecking pressure up the middle. They'll need another strong performance against a renewed Saints running game.
Drew Brees vs Cam Newton
The engine for some of the most prolific offenses in NFL history is having an average season by their standards. Their most recent game, however, showed that Brees is still one of the best
quarterbacks in the league; they cut the Green bay Packers up to the tune of a 27/32 day with three touchdowns and over 300 yards. He's got the weapons, and they enjoy showing off the arsenal.
Cam has seemingly regressed since starting out the season so sharply. Their accuracy has declined as their health has improved. Perhaps it isn't surprising that now that Cam can (and often does) run, the accumulation of hits would affect the rifle-armed QB. They need a big game to give the Panthers a chance in this game. The defense looked better last week, but (unless the quick turnaround hurts their offense) the Saints aren't being held to 13 points; the Panthers will need to put the ball into the endzone to have a chance. This position battle is the most important for Carolina, an offensive assault can't happen without Cam Newton directing it. They must lead their team if there is any hope to stay atop the division. No small task, but he's no small player.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
The Batmobile got a bit of a makeover at San Diego Comic-Con this week, courtesy of Hot Wheels.
At the Mattel booth, the brand brought its iconic 1969 Twin Mill, called "one of the most recognizable and popular Hot Wheels casting for generations," to life. Its black and blue wrapping and logos make it the perfect vehicle to cart around the dynamic duo in the upcoming "Man of Steel" sequel, "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice."
The movie doesn't premiere until spring 2016, and neither does Mattel's toy version of the car — though a prototype drew crowds.
Let's take a closer look at the life-sized, driveable car.
For reference, here's what an original Twin Mill car by Hot Wheels looks like.
Flickr/pmillera4
And here's the "Batman v Superman" version. The resemblance is remarkable.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
An absolute monster on the road, the car boasts two V8 engines, 750 horsepower each. Melia Robinson/Business Insider
The hood has a massive Superman logo.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
While the car roof shows off the new Bat symbol.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
A combination of the two symbols appears on the car door.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
And on the interior between the driver and passenger seats.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
There's an itty-bitty Hot Wheels logo on the wheels.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
While fans won't get to drive away in this exclusive "Batman v Superman" car, they will be able to purchase a toy version in spring 2016.
Melia Robinson/Business Insider
It will cost just $5.
Recently, a 35-year-old woman sued a Boston-area hospital for performing a tubal ligation, thus sterilizing her, after the birth of their 9th child. Tessa Savicki states that they requested an IUD, a reversible form of birth control. Because two of their children are on welfare and they are unemployed, Tessa's case has sparked passionate reactions and brings to mind the case of Carrie Buck.
The similarities are numerous. A poor woman sterilized against their wishes, judged by others to be unfit (just read the public comments on the news sites featuring Tessa's story), and having children out of wedlock. There is even a slight physical resemblance. Expert testimony during the Buck vs Bell case in 1927 argued that members of the Buck family “belong to the shiftless, ignorant, and worthless class of anti-social whites.” The Supreme Court concurred “that Carrie Buck is the probable potential parent of socially inadequate offspring, likewise afflicted, that they may be sexually sterilized without detriment to their general health and that their welfare and that of society will be promoted by their sterilization.” Whether Tessa's doctors were thinking the same thing or just made a mistake, they sent the same message.
It's hard to believe that 83 years separate these stories. Read more about Carrie Buck on the Eugenics Archive site.
Compared to subways, buses tend to lose. "Their routes are byzantine, their schedules confusing, and they don't really shine in the whole inter-borough getting-to-work department," writes NYC data visualizer Jonathan Soma. "If you're like most New Yorkers, your first choice is usually the subway."
But perhaps the four-wheeled workhorses deserve a bit more credit. At visualizing.nyc, Soma defends their case with a revealing interactive, "Transit Battle NYC." Click on a location, and the map generates in vivid color how many minutes New Yorkers could save by integrating buses into their city sojourns.
Not on work commutes, necessarily. But trips to further flung destinations (or by contrast, within your borough, with the exception of most of Manhattan) speed up remarkably with a bus/subway combo.
Soma tells CityLab that they based the time estimates using data feeds from MTA, and ran them through OpenTripPlanner. And if you're wondering, isn't taking the bus often slower than the subway?, Soma replies yes, but they had these design considerations in mind:
Measuring both faster and slower means only having two colors, and it isn't nearly as pretty as one direction with tons of colors, so I went ahead and made it subway vs. subway+bus. Because if you're taking the bus, you're probably okay with taking the subway, too, right? And that way subway+bus is always either the same as or faster than the subway, so it's all positive numbers and we can invite lots of colors to hang out.
If you opt for subway versus bus or bus versus subway, however, it'll still only show what's fastest—what's slower is counted as "same-ish."
(KUTV) At the World Congress of Families conference today in Salt Lake City, claims were made that gay people may work to legalize pedophilia.
The charge came in an informal exchange between Pastor Raphael Cruz, father of presidential candidate Ted Cruz, and other conference goers.
Pastor Cruz escaped from Cuba as a young man and washed dishes to earn their way through college. Their son is a Republican senator from Texas and a presidential candidate, participating in the GOP debate Wednesday.
After their Salt Lake speech, as they were shaking hands and speaking with those attending the conference, Pastor Cruz talked about the LGBT push to legalize pedophilia and said they thought it was going to happen.
"I think that's the next thing that they're going to push, to try to legalize pedophilia," they said.
More of their comments can be viewed on the YouTube video below.
"Pedophilia, you have all these laws to forget about we have laws on the books about statutory rape. You have to basically throw away the statutory rape laws to legalize pedophilia," they said.
The comments were captured on video by Eric Ethington of Political Research Associates.
"We go to conferences like this to check up and see what happens," Ethington said. "He was surrounded by people and asking questions after the panel and they just said it outright.
You can see it in the video below.
On the video Cruz is asked if the LGBT community is going to push for this.
"I think so. I think so."
2News tried to get a comment from Pastor Cruz but they had already left for Colorado and the president debate on Wednesday night. Some LGBT groups have called the World Congress of Families a hate group.
Follow us on Twitter and for breaking news, updates and more.
L'AQUILA, ITALY—Shouts of "Shame, shame!" greeted the appeals court here today after the acquittal of six scientists convicted of manslaughter 2 years ago for advice they gave ahead of the deadly earthquake that struck this central Italian town in 2009. The scientists were convicted in October 2012, and handed 6-year jail sentences, for their role in a meeting of an official government advisory panel.
Only one of the seven experts originally found guilty was convicted today: Bernardo De Bernardinis, who in 2009 was deputy head of Italy's Civil Protection Department and who will now serve 2 years in jail, pending any further appeals.
The experts attended a meeting of the National Commission for the Forecast and Prevention of Major Risks, held on 31 March 2009 to evaluate the threat posed by a series of small and medium-sized tremors that had been shaking L'Aquila for several months. The meeting took place 6 days before the fatal quake struck, and in 2012, Judge Marco Billi ruled that the commission members carried out a "superficial, approximate and generic" risk analysis, and that they made a number of reassuring statements that led 29 of the quake's 309 victims to remain indoors at the time of the disaster, despite the occurrence of two moderate tremors several hours beforehand.
In their verdict today, a panel of three judges headed by Fabrizia Francabandera told the court that only in De Bernardinis's case could a link be proven between the expert's words and the actions of some of the victims.
Speaking immediately after the verdict, De Bernardinis said they could face "God and men" with a clear conscience—although they previously declared that had they been a father of one of the victims, he, too, would have sought justice. "I am relieved but I can't say I'm happy. I am embittered but relieved," said volcanologist Franco Barberi, who at the time of the meeting was the commission's vice president, about their acquittal. Their lawyer, Francesco Petrelli, described the verdict as "inevitable," adding that the original sentence was "visibly wrong in the facts and in law."
Others in the packed courtroom, including some of the relatives of the quake victims, reacted angrily. Angelo Colagrande, representing bereaved surgeon Vincenzo Vittorini, said they were certain that the court acted in "good faith," but that there existed proof of the experts' guilt. "Today we have an earthquake after the earthquake," they said.
Billi's original verdict generated controversy the world over and led many to argue that science itself had been found guilty. In explaining their sentence, the judge was at pains to emphasize that they had not convicted the experts for having failed to predict the earthquake—something, they said, that is beyond the powers of current science—but rather for having failed to carry out their legally binding duties as "public officials." They said that the experts had not analyzed a series of factors indicating a heightened seismic risk, including the fact that previous quakes to have destroyed the town were accompanied by smaller tremors, as well as the nature of the ongoing swarm itself.
In their appeals, the lawyers of the convicted experts objected to the sentence on multiple grounds, taking aim at both the alleged negligence of their clients and the existence of a "causal link" between the experts' statements and people's decision to stay indoors on the fateful night.
One aspect of the ruling that came under particular fire was the notion that the earlier, smaller tremors were a good thing because they discharged energy—an idea that many trial witnesses said led their relatives to remain indoors, but which many scientists regard as incorrect.
The defense lawyers claim that this idea could not have been endorsed by the commission as a whole, as Billi argues, because it was stated publicly only by De Bernardinis, in an interview carried out ahead of the commission's meeting. "It wasn't the commission that reassured; no one said, 'Stay at home because there is a discharge of energy,' " said Marcello Melandri, the representative of Enzo Boschi, former head of Italy's National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology, to the court. "I challenge anyone to find a word in the minutes of the meeting that are not exactly the opposite of a reassurance."
What's more, Petrelli said, it was not the experts' responsibility to communicate with the public. That was the job of De Bernardinis and two other civil protection officials present at the meeting, they argued: L'Aquila's mayor, Massimo Cialente, and Daniela Stati, then a regional councilor.
In their response to the defense, prosecutor Romolo Como had railed against what they described as a "discharge of responsibility," telling the court that the convicted scientists weren't "four mates in a bar" but "an official commission." They pointed out that during the meeting Barberi had asked the other experts what they thought of the energy-discharge idea, but that none of them replied. "Why didn't anyone object to this?" Como demanded.
Earlier on in the appeal trial, Como also spoke in support of former laboratory technician Giampaolo Giuliani, who claims to have predicted the 2009 earthquake by monitoring emissions of radon gas and whose alarming statements prompted the then–civil protection boss, Guido Bertolaso, to convene the 31 March meeting. Giuliani was "no charlatan," Como said.
Wania Della Vigna, who represents relatives of several students killed in the earthquake, said they will challenge the latest ruling in the Court of Cassation in Rome, Italy's highest appeal court. In the meantime, Como must decide whether to press ahead with a parallel manslaughter investigation against Bertolaso, who allegedly orchestrated the experts' presumed reassurances. The main prosecutor in the original trial, Fabio Picuti, twice requested that this separate investigation be shelved, but their request was contested by lawyers of some of the plaintiffs.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) today announced that reigning Kia NBA MVP Stephen Curry and the Golden State Warriors remain in the top spots on the NBA's Most Popular Jersey and Team Merchandise lists, respectively. Results are based on NBAStore.com sales from October 2016 through December 2016.
Rounding out the top five are the Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James (No. 2), the Warriors' Kevin Durant (No. 3), the Cavaliers' Kyrie Irving (No. 4) and the Oklahoma City Thunder's Russell Westbrook (No. 5).
The Warriors hold on as the top-selling team, followed by the Cavaliers at No. 2, the Los Angeles Lakers at No. 3, the Chicago Bulls at No. 4 and the New York Knicks at No. 5.
Additional highlights:
The Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo makes their debut on the list at No. 14.
In their first season on new teams, the Bulls' Dwyane Wade places at No. 6, and the Knicks' Derrick Rose ranks No. 10.
The Bulls' Jimmy Butler earns their highest position on the list at No. 9.
Top 15 Most Popular NBA Jerseys
1. Stephen Curry, Golden State Warriors
2. LeBron James, Cleveland Cavaliers
3. Kevin Durant, Golden State Warriors
4. Kyrie Irving, Cleveland Cavaliers
5. Russell Westbrook, Oklahoma City Thunder
6. Dwyane Wade, Chicago Bulls
7. Kristaps Porzingis, New York Knicks
8. Kawhi Leonard, San Antonio Spurs
9. Jimmy Butler, Chicago Bulls
10. Derrick Rose, New York Knicks
11. Klay Thompson, Golden State Warriors
12. James Harden, Houston Rockets
13. Damian Lillard, Portland Trail Blazers
14. Giannis Antetokounmpo, Milwaukee Bucks
15. Carmelo Anthony, New York Knicks
Top 10 Most Popular Team Merchandise
1. Golden State Warriors
2. Cleveland Cavaliers
3. Los Angeles Lakers
4. Chicago Bulls
5. New York Knicks
6. San Antonio Spurs
7. Oklahoma City Thunder
8. Boston Celtics
9. Philadelphia 76ers
10. Toronto Raptors
to choose from
Windows 8 Starter
Windows 8 Home Basic
Windows 8 Home Premium
Windows 8 Professional
Windows 8 Professional Plus
Windows 8 Enterprise
Windows 8 Enterprise Eval
Windows 8 Ultimate
Windows 8 ARM edition
With each subsequent release of Windows we're left bracing for what will surely be another overwhelming assortment of retail packaging options. With Windows 7 there was a dizzying 6 SKUs and we're sorry to say that, at least for now, there are even more coming with Windows 8. As noted by Windows 8 beta the registry contains the keys for all current versions of the OS and, with a quick trip to Regedit we were able to verify with the screenshot above. That boils down to the following list:We will of course point out that this is from the Consumer Preview, so not necessarily a final tally, and the Enterprise Eval version is of course just for trials, but it's interesting to note the addition of Professional Plus. Office 2010 Pro Plus adds in extra integration with Sharepoint and Office Communications Server, leaving us to wonder if this flavor of Windows 8 won't offer some similar collaborative tools. And then there's just that one, lonely ARM edition, which could leave non-x86 hardware buyers out of the cross-shopping fun altogether.: As Jack Schofield points out, you couldn't actually choose from all those Windows 7 SKUs, there were only three boxed products available in the US. It remains to be seen how many of these Windows 8 variants will appear at retail here.[Thanks, Sagar]
Before we started our game design project, I kind of had the idea in the back of my mind that the theme of our game would just get pasted on with whatever was popular at the time our game was ready to go to production. Mechanics are the things that I get most excited about in games, I really thought that I could design a set of mechanics and apply it to any theme.
So when my co-designer Danwarr told me that we need to start integrating theme into the game only 2 weeks into the design process, I was definitely worried.
I guess I just expected that the theme of our story-based tactical skirmish combat campaign game would end up being Standard Fantasy Setting – It's comfortable, familiar, and it seems to sell kickstarter games like nothing else. There are 8,042 games on BGG in the “Fantasy” category; and only 6,321 games on BGG in the Science Fiction category. If you are intending to create a game for the sole purpose of selling it, it makes sense to apply some kind of fantasy flavored theme to it for maximum exposure.
First Impressions
When you look at a game, you automatically make associations with other games that you have played to decide if it's something you would even consider being interested in.
Personally, I can't stand board games about playing sports, they remind me of that lame vibrating football player toy my Dad used to have.
So when I see a board game with pictures of a green sports field on it, I don't even care to learn more about it, it's not even on my radar as a possible purchase or play. To this day, I still have no idea what Bloodbowl is about, and I hope to keep it that way.
Effects on Mechanics
Additionally, players can tell when a theme is just pasted on. The most egregious examples of pasted on theme I can think of are Monopoly games like this one:
Same exact game, just some new art and branding to distract you. Possibly interesting to a collector, Massively pointless to a player.
It became clear, very quickly that Danwarr was right about implementing a theme that we could integrate with the mechanics over every iteration as quickly as possible. In addition to making a good first impression, well-integrated themes deepen immersion and create exciting moments. In our story-based tactical skirmish campaign game — a pasted on theme would cheapen the best aspects of it and leave us with YATMG (yet another tactical miniatures game).
We can't just paste on whatever theme is selling the most Monopoly sets, we have to actually try.
Choosing Our Theme
Very quickly into the brainstorming process, we decided we would develop a few art collages to use as reference points to see what kind of themes we were gravitating towards. Here are four of them, these were made using copywritten art found on art sharing sites like Deviantart and Artstation.
Mesoamerican Fantasy Theme
Far Eastern Mythology Theme
High Fantasy Dungeon Crawling Theme
High Seas Adventure Theme
We are designing a game where players will play through campaign scenarios, developing characters that they will shape and experience the story through. The standard fantasy theme is a recipe for failure. It is comforting, familiar and easy to design for; however all of the best games that are grounded in a fantasy setting are putting unexpected twists on that theme that keep you interested.
Gloomhaven for example, takes place in a mostly familiar medieval fantasy world; however, the typical races (elves dwarves etc) have been replaced with new inventions — discovering ways the Gloomhaven setting subverts players fantasy expectations and engages them to explore the world, while still being comforted by their familiar fantasy sword and sorcery tropes.
The Far Eastern Mythology theme is one we are starting to see more and more of with the recent announcements of FFG's Legend of the Five Rings reboot and the successful kickstarting of Rising Sun. The general gaming audience is more familiar with this theme because it's stories have been told as books, movies, and video games many many times.
The mythology surrounding the civilizations of ancient Mesoamerica is extremely interesting. Exploring the varied civilizations of the Aztecs, Mayans, and Olmec people through a fantasy roleplaying game would make for some great gaming experiences. It's not just jungles and panthers! Unfortunately, the darker nature of the theme sets the wrong tone for the project we are working on.
So we choose Pirates
You can Discover exotic new worlds while searching for fortune and glory on the high seas, or get into barroom brawls with salty dogs, you'd better batten down the hatches when a storm comes or you may find yourself spearfishing in the cay on a deserted island.
It's the kind of light-hearted fun that we can get excited about, and adopting it early allowed me to get over a recent design hurdle which I will discuss in the next update on designing the Navigator class.
yo ho,
-Chill84
Advertisements
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Britain is under daily attack in cyberspace according to British intelligence
Britain is seeing about 70 sophisticated cyber espionage operations a month against government or industry networks, British intelligence has told the BBC.
GCHQ director Sir Iain Lobban said business secrets were being stolen on an "industrial scale".
Foreign hackers have penetrated some firms for up to two years, they said.
And they denied that their organisation had broken the law in receiving information from the Prism spy programme.
Sir Iain told BBC Radio 4: "People are going after intellectual property and then seeking to translate it into national gain.
Find out more Under Attack: The Threat From Cyberspace is a three part series about the virtual world where they steal, spy and wage war
Episode 1 is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 1 July at 20:00 BST
"We started a couple of years ago thinking this was going to be very much about the defence sector but really it's any intellectual property that can be harvested."
Foreign intelligence services are behind many of these attacks, according to Britain's Security Service MI5.
British businesses are waking up the threat of cyber espionage. Sir Michael Rake, chairperson of BT and president of business lobby group CBI, has been warning fellow business people about the dangers. "These threats are real, they're sophisticated, they do financial and reputational damage," they told the BBC.
"There's been a lot of concern around espionage in gaining information of advanced planning and design and it is critical because one of our big strengths in the UK is our design capabilities," they added.
The job of the Security Service MI5 involves dealing not just with terrorist threats but also cyberattacks.
"There are now three certainties in life - there's death, there are taxes and there's a foreign intelligence service on your system," explained MI5's head of cyber (who asked not to be named), in their first public interview inside MI5's Thames House headquarters.
MI5's origins are as a counter-espionage agency - catching foreign spies - and that is still what it tries to do in cyberspace.
"There are hostile foreign states out there who are interested in a company's mergers and acquisitions activity, their joint venture intentions, their strategic direction over the next few years and that information would be valuable to that country's state owned enterprises," they said.
So who is behind these attacks? Both MI5 and GCHQ said they knew who was behind the attacks but neither was willing to say.
"We're sure we know who it is," argued Sir Iain, saying only that in many cases attacks are "state sponsored".
"Attribution can be very hard and it's very difficult to do attribution in real time but over a period you can build up a pretty strong idea," they explained.
'Political game'
We steal secrets too… but we steal only those things that keep British or American subjects safe and free Michael Hayden, Former Director of America's spy agency the NSA
Foreign Secretary William Hague also declined to point the finger now but did not rule out doing so in the future. "That's not been our approach so far. But that might have to change if things get worse," they told the BBC.
Washington has taken a different approach. Both the administration and Congress are explicit about what they see happening to American companies.
"Blueprints for their products that make them successful are being stolen at a breath-taking pace, taken back to China, repurposed and then they re-engineer it and then compete against those companies with those products which they've stolen," Congressman Mike Rogers, chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee told the BBC.
"I stand back in awe as a professional at the breadth, depth, sophistication and persistence of the Chinese espionage effort against the United States of America," Michael Hayden, former director of America's spy agency the NSA said.
That is, of course, a slightly disingenuous answer since most experts believe that the NSA (along with GCHQ) is amongst the most adept and busy of all global spy agencies when it comes to stealing the secrets of other countries.
Hayden however draws a distinction. "We steal secrets too… but we steal only those things that keep British or American subjects safe and free. We don't steal things to make Americans - or in GCHQ's case British - subjects rich. The Chinese do."
The view from Beijing is very different. It sees America using the charge of economic espionage to distract from its own aggressive cyber activities - ranging from traditional espionage to preparing for cyberwar.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption GCHQ Director Sir Ian Lobban on cyberattacks in the UK
The Chinese Foreign Ministry invited me in to talk to the country's lead negotiator on cyber issues. "China is one of those countries suffering most by hacker attacks," Dr Huang Huikang argued. "They are misunderstanding what happened in China and sometimes we think this is a political game. It's not true and not fair to China."
China is watching the Pentagon grow its cyber command five-fold to nearly 5,000 personnel and also worries at the way in which American corporations still play a dominant role in the internet globally.
"Getting hold of technological secrets so that you can learn from another country is nothing new," says Professor Xu Guangyu, a former general in the People's Liberation Army. "It happened well before the advent of cyberspace. The main thing is that the control of cyberspace is too concentrated in the hands of the United States."
China's argument has been bolstered by Edward Snowden's leaked documents which portray a huge level of espionage against Chinese (and other) computer networks and information flows.
The interview with GCHQ's director was conducted before Snowden's documents began to emerge. A number of their revelations concerned the work of GCHQ including its receipt of information from major technology companies through America's Prism programme.
In a statement after the revelations, Sir Iain said that GCHQ did not circumvent the law and worked under a robust framework. "I can say that any data obtained by us from any other nation which involves individuals in the UK is subject to proper UK statutory controls and safeguards," they told the BBC.
"The secret intelligence provided by all the UK security and intelligence agencies is vital to defeating terrorism and maintaining Britain's broader national security. Acquiring it in ways that somehow evade UK law would be a contradiction in terms."
Under Attack - The Threat From Cyberspace is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 1 July at 20:00 BST.
I haven't paid much attention to Left Unity, because TBH a group organised around the electoral road to social democracy seems more like an Old Labour re-enactment society than a viable political trajectory. Apparently, at their recent conference they decided not to adopt a basic income as a policy, which some have taken as a confirmation of Left Unity's backward-looking position.
Certainly, there are plenty of reactionary old left arguments against the basic income, but it is worth reflecting on the fact that basic income was initially a right wing proposal (it was popularised by libertarians in the 70s, but, as I discovered from Angela Mitropoulos's very persuasive criticism of basic income, it was earlier proposed by a Tory peer in the 40s). These capitalist advocates of the basic income do have a point; a basic income is a pro-market measure, at least in so far as people need to transform this cash income into the necessities of life by purchasing these necessities on the market.
There are two good things about the basic income as a demand, I think. The first is its universality. Demands for universal benefits are a way to contribute to campaigning against the stigmatization of benefit recipients and the austerity model of capitalism for which this stigmatization is a proxy. Still, the universality of the basic income runs into problems pretty quickly, particularly in how this universality crosses the borders of the nation state (leading to its much less revolutionary reformulation as a “citizens income”). Anyway, a cash benefits are not the only possible universal benefits: a demand for universal access to social housing might be at least as revolutionary as the basic income, for example.
The other good thing about the basic income as a demand is the way it might resist the regulatory function of welfare states. There is a long tradition of government provision of services to the poor being a site of intense control over the poor, and a genuinely unconditional grant of entirely fungible resources would sidestep this kind of control. But (aside from the likelihood of “basic incomes” not being so unconditional, as Mitropolous points out), this kind of direct control is not the only kind of control, and, in neoliberal welfare state, might not be the main problem. Post-70s welfare states have been increasingly reorganised around market logic, where market mechanisms, rather than state command, provide the apparatus of discipline; spending your basic income doesn't escape this kind of control at all, and so it's possible that a basic income might be entirely continuous with the already developing tendencies of welfare reform.
This is a genuinely dialectical point in the demand for basic income. The freedom of the free market is the freedom of commodities to be exchanged subject to market discipline, but as Marx points out, this is one of capitalism's contradictions: the logic of the commodity is the logic of something that can be exchanged for an indefinite series of other things, but this expansive logic is immediately constrained by the market requirement that a commodity be exchanged for a numerically equivalent value. However, this commodity logic brings into view the possibility of an infinitely freely exchangeable commodity outside of the logic of equivalents, in which our use of goods is liberated both from natural necessity and from market necessity.
Kathi Weeks, who advocates basic income as a demand, suggests that demands can function not just as policy proposals but as ways of disclosing a radical or utopian possibility. If we wanted to use basic income as such a demand, then, we would have to propose it in such a way that the basic income would be outside of market discipline. At the very least, we would have to propose a sufficiently large basic income as to at least raise imaginatively the possibility that you wouldn't feel the pain of market discipline: I'm going to pick a round number and suggest a million pounds.
Posted 29 Apr 2014 at 15:44 by Aaron Clegg
Nintendo reveals plans for E3
Nintendo has divulged its plans for this year's E3 show, and for the second year running, the main event will be streamed exclusively to fans across the world via a special Direct video.
The Nintendo Digital Event, which will see all the biggest game announcements, will go out Tuesday June 10th at the traditional time of 5pm BST / 6pm CEST.
There will be a further three features to mark Nintendo at E3 this year. For the first time ever, Nintendo will be hosting its own Super Smash Bros. competitive tournament, which fans can watch via webcast. Also, gamers in the US will also be able to go hands on with Super Smash Bros. for Wii U and 3DS in participating Best Buy stores during the week. Finally, Nintendo of America's Treehouse team will be on the show floor livestreaming all the best demos "and much more" throughout the show.
The news was announced during a, erm, novel co-production between Nintendo of America and Mega 64, which sees a mechanical Reggie Fils-Aime literally kill an innocent employee.
Stranger Things 2 came out Friday October 27th 2017 and I consumed it with the ferocity with which Homer Simpson attacks an all-you-can-eat buffet. By Saturday morning as I hit play on the 9th and final episode a feeling of bitter sweetness came over me and It's a feeling I assume a lot of people were also feeling. The show was about to end and I was going to have to wait at least another year to enter this world again. It's a very recent problem that has befallen the binge tv generation, really great shows are not so much consumed but swallowed whole (like Homer Simpson) and people are left clamoring for more, so what to do until then? I think Netflix has figured it out, or at the very least done something to mitigate the unfortunate hole that binge watching a show leaves in you. As soon as Episode 9 ended Jim Rash came up and started talking about how they too are feeling what I was feeling and to join them as they talked about the show with a panel including the show's creator. I didn't think twice before I pressed play.
I binged all of Beyond Stranger Things. It's the perfect thing to pop up right after you're done with the show and it has just enough of “behind the scenes” and exploration of the show to satiate some of the thirst for discussing the show that one feels right after sitting through 9 hours of it. A couple of things, Beyond Stranger Things isn't the first panel show discussing another show in history, I believe that title goes to Talking Dead which was the Chris Hardwick hosted panel show which accompanied AMC's The Walking Dead. This treatment was also applied to Game of Thrones with a post show that aired on HBO one season and on Twitter another. Beyond Stranger Things takes tweaks the concept of those shows by not being an “episode by episode” discussion but instead talking about the entirety of the show in each and every episode. Netflix knows how we watch it's shows. Netflix knows that once we start Stranger Things 2 chances are you won't stop until it's done. It makes total sense that the panel show will talk about the whole thing.
The show also fills a very important “need”, for lack of a better word. That is the need to talk about the show. As soon as the show ends my mind was swirling with ideas, takes, observations and this show did a great job of informing, affirming, or extending a lot of those. This is especially useful in engaging the non social viewer. What I mean by that is not only the viewer that isn't watching in a group, but the viewer that's not listening to podcasts, or going to message boards or reddit, the one who's not going to cons. There's still a multitude of people who just watch shows but there's nothing else fueling their “fandom” for whatever reason. Netflix has provided fuel to the fire in the same way that they already know ALL their viewers have accessed the show. It's a perfect companion.
Overall I think the “post binge panel” show is all around a great concept. For the viewer it fills the void left by just consuming a whole show in a handful of days and provides a friendly affirmation that the show you're into HAS that many talking points. For Netflix it strengthens the brand of their shows, forms more involved and knowledgeable fans, and it provides roughly another 9 hours of show related content to hold off the clamor for “MOAR!”. What I'm most looking forward to is which other shows Netflix will apply this to because it can't be all of them. I don't think anyone outside of myself would be interested in a Flaked post binge panel show, but I do think this could work on shows like House of Cards or GLOW. Will Netflix do this on any first season shows or wait until second season plus? Another interesting wrinkle to this is maybe incorporating a panel in-show much like it already exists in the Fuji TV Produced(and Netflix distributed) Japanese reality show series Terrace House. Terrace House features the panel speaking an average of three times each episode and provides all those “talk about the show” stimulus that Beyond Stranger Things does only DURING the show. I'd be interested to see if this could work in any other type of show.
I'm all in on post binge panel shows and I think Netflix nailed it with Beyond Stranger Things and I'm looking forward to them investing more in this concept.
Last week we highlighted how insurers participating in Obamacare exchanges around the country were set to lose $2BN in 2016 prompting many to impose substantial 2017 rate hikes and/or withdraw from the exchanges altogether. In fact, we also noted the chart below, from independent analyst Charles Gaba, who analyzed the rate hikes proposed for each of the 50 states. Per the chart, Tennessee was specifically highlighted as a state expecting 2017 rates to rise an astonishing 59% in just 1 year.
Today we have new reports from the commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance, Julie Mix McPeak, who is saying that the Obamacare exchange in their state is "very near collapse" as they struggle to provide at least 1 insurance option in each Tennessee county. Per The Tennessean:
“I would characterize the exchange market in Tennessee as very near collapse ... and that all of our efforts are really focused on making sure we have as many writers in the areas as possible, knowing that might be one," McPeak told The Tennessean. "I'm doing everything I can to prevent a situation where that turns to zero.”
Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS) is the only insurer that has provided statewide coverage in Tennessee over the past 3 years with other insurers electing to only participate in select counties. According to BCBS, the insurer has lost a total of nearly $500mm over that time period, in Tennessee alone, which prompted their request for a 62% premium increase in 2017. The problem for the insurance commissioner is that BCBS hasn't yet committed to providing insurance statewide, a decision they don't have to formally make until mid-September. Given that BCBS is the only statewide provider, any decision to pull back coverage could result in people in certain Tennessee counties losing access to health insurance all together.
Chattanooga-based BCBST, the only insurer that's sold statewide in the first three years of the federal exchange, is estimating that, by the end of 2016, it will have lost close to $500 million in three years. Such losses are unsustainable, said Roy Vaughn, chief communications officer of BCBST. The insurer, which has previously underscored its support for the individual market, is still weighing what its presence in 2017 will look like. At this point in the process, the insurer only has to notify the state if it decides to make changes to where it will sell plans, McPeak said. It's too late for another insurer to come onto the 2017 market. “We agree with the assessment of the ACA marketplace in Tennessee. We appreciate the support of our request to close the gap between our rates and medical expenses for ACA marketplace plans. Beyond rates as we've discussed with the (TDCI), we continue to have concerns about uncertainty with the ACA at the federal level," Vaughn said to The Tennessean. "Due to these concerns, we are keeping all of our options open at this point about participating in the 2017 marketplace. We anticipate making a final decision in mid-September.”
Governor Bill Haslam said that Tennessee had concerns about the Obamacare exchanges from the start noting that the federal government can't force insurers to cover people at a loss.
“Ultimately, I think that's where the federal government needs to come in and address the situation. They created the program and so they're going to have to address that. They can't make insurance companies cover people if it doesn't pay off for insurance companies,” Haslam said. “Those of us who had some structural questions about the Affordable Care Act said OK, we've set this up, now you need to come up with an answer for this if we're not going to have anybody that covers the exchange.”
When questioned about the seemingly failing exchanges in Tennessee, a representative from the Department of Health and Human Services noted that people receiving subsidies in Tennessee will only see their insurance premiums increase $2 in 2017 to $104 per month. While that may be true, it says absolutely nothing about the overwhelming majority of people who don't receive subsidies and are facing a 59% increase in their costs YoY.
“Consumers in Tennessee will continue to have affordable coverage options in 2017. Last year, the average monthly premium for people with Marketplace coverage getting tax credits increased just $2, from $102 to $104 per month, despite headlines suggesting double digit increases,” said Marjorie Connolly, HHS spokesperson, in a statement.
We're unsure whether to take Connolly's comment as just another piece of propaganda intended to defend a failing piece of legislation or an intentional, blatant admission that the Department of Health and Human Services simply doesn't care about the majority of Americans, the so-called 1%'ers, who are facing debilitating increases in healthcare costs. We'll let you decide on that one.
Meanwhile, Kevin Walters of the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance echoed our concerns:
"Our team has answered hundreds of phone calls and e-mails from concerned policyholders upset about premium increases and whether they can afford another jump," TDCI spokesperson Kevin Walters said. "A 45-year old Nashville resident will face premiums ranging from $500 to over $600 a month, depending on the carrier. To focus on the 'majority' receiving subsidies speaks nothing to those who receive no such assistance and, instead, face $500-plus premiums. While some consumers may switch plans, rising prices are faced by all."
In the end, the administration can only keep its head in the sand about Obamacare for so long. The fact is that exchanges across the country are on the verge of collapse. They're stuck in a negative feedback loop where healthy people are refusing to sign up, which leads to losses for insurers, which leads to higher rates, which, of course, leads to even fewer healthy people signing up.
As we've said before, "if Obamacare enrollments continue their current trend and insurers continue to hike premiums at alarming rates then Republicans may not have to worry about "repealing and replacing Obamacare" as it might just work itself out "naturally"."
BY: Follow @LizWFB
The National Institutes of Health has invested more than $80,000 into studying whether mice stutter.
A $16.5 million project examining genetic mutations that may lead to human stuttering recently released some of its findings: genetically-engineered mice that sound different.
The portion of the study dedicated to developing the mice that model human stuttering in the study represent less than 0.5 percent of the costs of the research to date, according to the NIH—an estimated $82,822.31.
"You might not expect mice to tell us much about human speech disorders," the agency said in a write-up of the study last week. "But, in fact, a new study from researchers at Washington University in St. Louis and the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (NIDCD) shows that mice could teach us a lot about what makes people stutter, and perhaps also how to help them stop."
The results, published in Current Biology, found that mice that were genetically engineered to carry a trait linked to human stuttering showed "changes in the pattern of their calls."
"Many aspects of the vocalizations of our mice with the mutation are normal," said Terra Barnes, Ph.D., of Washington University in St. Louis, who is working on the study. "Where they differ is in the timing and temporal sequencing of their vocalizations. Their vocalizations have longer pauses than those of their littermates without the mutation, and there is evidence for more stereotyped repetitions in their vocalizations. These are very similar in some ways to the stuttered speech of humans who carry the same mutation."
"The findings suggest that mice could lead to a new understanding of stuttering," the NIH said. "They may ultimately also lead to treatments with the potential to help millions of people around the world who stutter.""
The article states the work was supported by several NIH grants, including a National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders project that has received $16,564,461 since 2007.
The study is working to identify "genetic mutations that may cause stuttering," as well as developing "a mouse model of human stuttering." Heading the project is Dr. Dennis Drayna, a leading scientist for the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders.
The project has also recruited families of married cousins in Pakistan who stutter.
"In the past year we have performed additional family ascertainment and recruitment in Pakistan," the grant said. "This has resulted in the enrollment of six new consanguineous families, all characterized by a high density of individuals with persistent stuttering."
"Linkage analysis in these families has been completed, and we have discovered that variant genes located on chromosomes 3 and 16 are the cause of stuttering in some of these families," the grant said.
As for the mice, the researchers have not figured out how to make the rodents stutter just yet.
"These mice aren't stuttering, but they show a lot of features that are similar to a human that stutters, so this is an incredibly powerful research tool," Barnes told the Guardian.
"This is a huge first step towards an animal model of stuttering," they said.
The National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders estimates three million Americans stutters, the majority of which are young boys. Most outgrow their stutter after childhood and only "1 percent or less of adults stutter."
"The research project has identified mutations in several genes linked to persistent stuttering in humans through family- and population-based genetic methods and other approaches," the NIH said.
"Building upon earlier studies that identified gene mutations associated with stuttering in people and research that linked stuttering to brain function, this research uses an animal model in order to better understand the molecular, cellular, and neurological basis of the disorder."
WATCH: The provincial government has introduced new legislation designed to ensure people with guide and service dogs have the same rights as everyone else. Kylie Stanton reports.
VANCOUVER – B.C. residents who use the services of a guide dog or service dog will soon have improved access to public transit and restaurants as part of the Guide Dog and Service Dog Act.
Guide and service dogs provide support for people with disabilities, such as helping those who are visually impaired navigate their surroundings and provide assistance for people with hearing loss, epilepsy or diabetes, for example.
If passed, the act will lay the foundation for a number of changes proposed to take effect this fall. The aim will be to ensure people accompanied by a certified guide or service dog are guaranteed the same rights and privileges as everyone else. Dogs or puppies-in-training, when accompanied by a certified trainer, will be allowed to go into any public place where a full certified guide dog can go.
New requirements will be put in place around visible identification for the dogs, like a designated tag or card, to make it clear to business owners, landlords or transit staff that the dog is fully certified.
Tenancy rights for guide and service dogs will also be updated so landlords and stratas are aware of the rules and peoples' rights to keep certified guide or service dogs with them, regardless of bylaws restricting pets. Retired guide and service dogs will also fall under the new housing rules, meaning people who have relied on their guide or service dog for years will not have to separate from them.
Once new regulations come into effect, guide and service dogs will be required to be trained by a facility accredited by Assistance Dogs International (ADI) or the International Guide Dog Federation (IGDF).
“Guide and service dogs provide a true lifeline for many British Columbians – their support allows their handlers to live fully integrated lives despite the challenges they may face,” said Attorney General and Minister of Justice Suzanne Anton in a release.
“These changes are about ensuring access rights for these individuals and their certified dogs and safeguarding the public through high training standards. They will also provide clarity around the rules about where guide and service dogs can accompany their handlers – for the public, for business owners and staff, and for landlords and strata.”
WATCH: Laura Watamanuk, PADS Executive Director, joins Aaron Mcarthur on Prime to talk about the new rules governing service animals in B.C.
A Russian scientist at a former Soviet biological weapons laboratory in Siberia has died after accidentally sticking themselves with a needle laced with ebola, the deadly virus for which there is no vaccine or treatment, the lab's parent Russian center announced over the weekend.
Scientists and officials said the accident had raised concerns about safety and secrecy at the State Research Center of Virology and Biotechnology, known as Vector, which in Soviet times specialized in turning deadly viruses into biological weapons. Vector has been a leading recipient of aid in an American program to help former Soviet scientists and labs convert to peaceful research.
Although the accident occurred May 5, Vector did not report it to the World Health Organization until last week. Scientists said that although Vector had isolated the scientist to contain any potential spread of the disease and there was no requirement that accidents involving ebola be reported, the delay meant that scientists at the health agency could not provide prompt advice on treatment that might have saved their lives.
The first public mention of the accident was over the weekend on Pro-Med, the informal Internet reporting and discussion network of doctors and other health care professionals, which posted the Vector account of the laboratory accident on its Web site (www.promedmail.org).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
American experts said the accident had not occurred in a lab now receiving United States government or private money for research.
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/for-civilian-disarmament-advocate-david-gerrold-suppressing-contrary-opinions-is-no-tribble-at-all/
“The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity — and the way our differences combine to create meaning and beauty.”
Although easily dismissed as trite and saccharine today, those words must have seemed laden with promise when they were first publicly uttered on October 18, 1968, by Mr. Spock in a Star Trek episode entitled “Is There in Truth No Beauty?” Spock was explaining the Vulcan concept of IDIC — Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations. The Vulcan credo was symbolized by a medallion worn by the character, which had been designed by series creator Gene Roddenberry as a marketing tie-in.
Like many liberal humanists of their persuasion, Roddenberry oscillated between piously condemning capitalism and zealously practicing it. Similar philosophical contradictions abounded in the TV series they created. Trek often promoted the virtues of peaceful cooperation, commerce, exploration, forbearance in the face of provocation, and — perhaps most commendably — a policy of non-intervention (indeed, this was Starfleet's “Prime Directive”).
Those ideals co-existed uneasily with a none-too-subtle UN-style collectivism, given institutional form in the “United Federation of Planets” and sometimes expressed through civics-lecture homilies that could have been adapted from the 1968 Democratic Party platform. On several occasions, Captain Kirk violated the Prime Directive by interfering in a social order that embodied a variety of “diversity” they considered unacceptable. This reflects the now-familiar conceit that “Progressives” have been commissioned by History to define the limits of acceptable diversity — and impose their judgments by force, where necessary.
Star Trek attracted a huge and passionate fan base among idealistic college-age students. One of them was a young writer named David Gerrold, who at the age of 23 wrote the story outline for what would become Trek's most popular episode: “The Trouble with Tribbles.”
Although this was Gerrold's only credited episode (and there was some controversy as to whether Gerrold plagiarized from H. Beam Piper and Robert Heinlein in creating their “tribble” concept), they went on to become a successful novelist and columnist for the now-defunct Starlog magazine. In my teenage years, as a febrile Star Trek fan and aspiring writer, I eagerly devoured each of Gerrold's monthly Starlog essays, savoring their prose even when I found their opinions unpalatable. After all, IDIC meant tolerating disagreements, did it not?
Apparently, that's another subject about which Mr. Gerrold and I disagree: I was recently Facebook-blocked by that childhood hero for politely expressing contrary views on their page regarding the supposed merits of civilian disarmament.
My first “offense” was to commit conspicuous acts of logic in dismantling the assumption that disarming the civilian population would reduce gun-related violence.
Mr. Gerrold posted a Tom Toles editorial cartoon suggesting that civilian firearms ownership is useless as a deterrent to tyranny, and leads only to the avoidable death of innocent people. I replied by posting a link to the indispensable work of Professor R.J. Rummel on the subject of democide, and asked how many scoreboards would be required to list the 170,000,000 disarmed people who had been killed by despotic governments during the 20th Century.
When Gerrold dismissed that matter as a “red herring,” I asked, in essence, why the slaughter of millions by governments exercising a monopoly on firearms ownership was considered a distraction.
In exasperation, Gerrold said they were “tired of gun fanatics who think [the Second Amendment] is about overthrowing the government. I pulled the red lever.”
“Does that include `gun fanatics' such as James Madison?” I rejoined, citing a passage from Federalist #46 in which Madison described “the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation” as one of the most important impediments to the deadly consolidation of power by the central government they improvidently helped to create. (The treatment of the American Indians once that government had disarmed them offers a compelling and tragic validation of the same principle.)
My terminal offense was to point out that if we believe aggression can be sanctified through the political process, then “pulling the `red lever' is the equivalent of pulling the trigger. The problem isn't the existence of morally neutral implements called guns; it's the practice of aggression.”
“Shut up,” Gerrold explained, banishing me from their Facebook page, and casting my posts down the Memory Hole, in the name of tolerance, compassion, and diversity. Yes, as the individual who homesteaded that bandwidth, Gerrold has the proprietary right to use it as they see fit. Their behavior illustrates — redundantly — the ideological rigidity and reflexive intolerance that lurk behind the sacred shibboleth “diversity.”
2:15 am on June 5, 2014
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Justice Edmonds said as someone genuinely interested in structural reform of the Australian tax system, they were disappointed they would not be able to make a contribution. The bar for changing the GST was set too high, they said.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Treasurer Joe Hockey have both ruled out changes to sacred cow tax breaks of negative gearing and superannuation, or a GST rise, despite numerous submissions to the white paper saying these areas should be up for debate.
"If that is what is to happen, then I do not wish to participate. My time is too valuable to undertake a reasoned analysis in support of various aspects of reform when I know that no matter how sound and persuasive the arguments are, they have no hope of finding traction."
It had "turned septic following statements by senior members of the government since the issue of the paper, making it quite clear that a number of these matters will not be considered at any price save, perhaps, if it is 'our' political advantage to do so", they said. "The handcuffs that are being placed on the process are as bad as the handcuffs placed on the Henry Review."
Justice Edmonds said it was a complete waste of their time to get involved in the Coalition's review, as the white paper process clearly suffered from "political infection".
"As a lawyer, first as a solicitor, then as a member of the New South Wales Bar and now as a Federal Court judge having 50 years' cumulative experience in advising and adjudicating on issues arising under that system, I was looking forward to making a substantive and hopefully constructive contribution to the tax discussion paper," they said.
"On reading the paper, it became apparent that despite what the paper said on pages five and six under the heading 'joining the national conversation on tax reform', including statements such as, 'the Government will …rule nothing in or out' and 'you should not be limited by the issues or questions contained in this discussion paper", certain matters that need to be brought to the table for consideration and discussion were off-limits.
"The infection of politics has once again intervened to quarantine them from the reform process, they said. "For example, there will not be any changes to the treatment of the family home. On negative gearing and superannuation, while the government says it is open to new ideas, the paper has all but nailed its policy colours to the mast already. ...The message is clear: you will have to persuade us to abandon these positions."
A former Henry Review panel member, Professor John Freebairn, called – among other things – for the tax system to be more equitable so that those on lower incomes get more support.
They said tax brackets needed to be indexed so that "those who now draw remuneration as a larger share than the group average from the concessional fringe benefits and superannuation will lose, while those who draw a smaller share than the average will gain".
Hilltop turbines are being blamed for myriad maladies. What is the truth behind these outlandish claims?
NEW technology has long attracted “modern health worries“. Microwave ovens, television and computer screens and even early telephony all caused anxiety in their time. More recently, cellphones and towers, Wi-Fi and smart electricity meters have followed suit.
Another is gathering attention; the very modern malaise known as wind turbine syndrome. I set out to collect the conditions attributed to wind farm exposure. Within hours, I'd found 50 often florid assertions about different illnesses. Today my total sits at 198, with a range redolent of Old Testament plagues.
The list includes “deaths, yes, many deaths”, none of which have ever come to the attention of a coroner, cancers, congenital malformations, and every manner of psychiatric problem. But mostly, it includes common health problems found in all communities, with wind turbines or not. These include greying hair, energy loss, concentration lapses, weight gain and all the problems of ageing. Sleep problems are mentioned most, but insomnia is incredibly common. Animals get a look in. Chickens won't lay; earthworms vanish; hundreds of cattle and goats die horrible deaths from “stray electricity”.
Chickens won't lay; earthworms vanish; hundreds of cattle and goats die horrible deaths
Advertisement
In a 35-year career in public health, I have never encountered anything quite so apocalyptic. I've visited wind farms and compared their gentle swoosh to the noises that all city dwellers live with daily. Quickly, this phenomenon began to tick psychogenic boxes.
There are several reasons to suspect that the unrecognised entity of wind turbine syndrome is psychogenic: a “communicated” disease spread by anti-wind interest groups, sometimes with connections to fossil fuel interests. People can worry themselves sick.
Firstly, there are the temporal problems. Wind farms appeared some 20 years ago in the US. There are now just shy of 200,000 turbines globally. But the first recorded claims that they caused disease came a decade later. Two rural doctors, one in the UK and the other in Australia, made claims repeated widely in newspapers but never published in any journal. Turbines have come to be blamed for chronic conditions like (amazingly) lung and skin cancer, diabetes, multiple sclerosis and stroke. But importantly also acute symptoms, that according to Australia's high priestess of wind turbine syndrome, Sarah Laurie, an unregistered doctor, can commence within 20 minutes of exposure. If true, what happened in the early complaint-free years?
Then there's the issue of clustering. The European wind industry sees the phenomenon as largely anglophone, and even then, only in particular regions and around certain farms. Many sites have run for years without complaint. Others, legendary for their vocal opponents even before start up, are hot beds of disease claims. So if turbines were inherently noxious, why do they cut such a selective path? Why do citizens of community-owned turbines in Germany and Denmark rarely complain? Why are complaints rare in western Australia, but rife in several eastern Australian communities?
Opponents readily concede that only a minority of those exposed report being ill but explain this via the analogy of motion sickness: it only happens to those who are susceptible. How then to explain that whole regions and indeed nations, have no susceptible people? The key factor seems to be the presence or absence of anti-wind activists, generally from outside the area.
It is clear the presence of these anti-wind “vectors” is required. Communities which have for years accepted the farms can erupt when activists arrive, spreading alarm and listing health problems. Prominent among these in Australia are wealthy conservative landowners appalled by the very visible presence of the tall green-energy totems, a constant reminder of bucolic decay and the “upstairs-downstairs” disdain they have for those needing income from their often hilly, poorer quality land.
The fact that money seems to be a magic antidote to these ailments further undermines the claims. Health complaints are as rare as rocking horse excrement among turbine hosts. Complaints are rare from those financially benefitting from communal ownership arrangements. It tends to be neighbours of those hosting turbines who make the link with illness. They see the turbines, dislike them and dwell on their misfortune. The perceived injustice can eat away at some, fomented by organised groups.
Wind companies also report residents approaching them with extensive renovation wish lists. One told me of a request for a house to be moved to a lake shore. In rural Australia, residential buy-outs by mining companies are common. Word spreads about shack owners who got lucky. So when a cashed-up company appears, it is understandable that some may see their ticket out via protracted complaints.
Opponents also claim that confidentiality clauses are used to gag hosts, so they can't speak up about illnesses. I've seen several contracts and, predictably, none involve signing away common law rights to claims of negligence.
Finally, there are the apocryphal tales about many families having to abandon their homes. Mysteriously, address lists are never produced. Abandoning unsaleable properties is a sad part of rural decay, a fact which seems to escape fly-in, fly-out climate change denialists.
Previous modern health worries dissipated when the predicted health mayhem never emerged and the feared exotic agents became thoroughly familiar. Hysteria about cellphone towers had its heyday in the late 1990s, at least in Australia, but is rare today. With 17 reviews of the evidence on harm caused by wind farms consistent in their assessment of insignificant risk, how long can this one last?
Calum Chambers: Transfer target for Arsenal
Arsenal are close to signing Southampton defender Calum Chambers for £16m, according to Sky sources.
The England U21 international has already had a medical and is set to become Arsenal's second new right-back of the summer following the signing of Mathieu Debuchy.
Chambers can also play at centre-half, where Arsene Wenger is looking to add depth following the departure of the versatile Bacary Sagna and ongoing Manchester United interest in Thomas Vermaelen.
And if the deal goes through the 19-year-old will become the latest first-team player to leave Southampton this summer.
Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Luke Shaw have all followed manager Mauricio Pochettino out of the club, while Dejan Lovren is expected to finalise a move to Liverpool imminently.
With the departure of Dejan Lovren edging closer, Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says they will replace key members of the squad after already losing Adam With the departure of Dejan Lovren edging closer, Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says they will replace key members of the squad after already losing Adam
Speaking after their side's friendly win over Bournemouth, new Saints boss Ronald Koeman told Sky Sports News: "Lovren said they are not in shape to play, but of course there is something underhand. We have to wait.
"I expect everything. I know the possibilities of some of the biggest clubs in England and Southampton had a great season. it's normal they could lose some players."
Morgan Schneiderlin has been linked with a move to Pochettino's Tottenham, and Koeman said: "He will start training on Saturday and then we have time enough to have a little talk."
As for new arrivals, Koeman again confirmed an interest in Aston Villa centre-half Ron Vlaar and said work was continuing behind the scenes on transfers.
Celtic's England goalkeeper Fraser Forster has also been linked, but Koeman said: "I don't say anything about names."
Star Trek Online's Mac Client Beta is now live. The game launched in 2009, and went free to play in 2011. Both the free to play launch and this are good for the overall health of the game. Already one of the better free to play models in the industry, the Mac Client will bring a significant injection of new players, one of the tests of health for MMORPGs. All of the story content and user generated "Foundry" missions are playable for free.And the Minimum System Requirements from the official site:Mac Minimum System Requirements: •Operating System: Mac OS X 10.7.5 or later •CPU: Intel Dual Core Xeon 3.0 GHz / Intel Core i Series 2.4 GHz •RAM: 4GB+ •Hard Disk: 10GB Free Disk Space •Graphic Display: Intel HD3000 / Nvidia 9600M / AMD HD2600 with 256MB+ VRAM •Network: Internet Broadband Connection RequiredYou can download the client here . Have fun!
This is a list of National Basketball Association players who have had 38 or more rebounds in a single game.
Multiple occurrences: Wilt Chamberlain 29 times (four times in the playoffs) and Bill Russell 23 times (seven times in the playoffs).
The NBA did not record rebounds until the 1950–51 season.
^ Active NBA player * Inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Occurred in playoff competition
Rebounds Player Team Date Opponent Notes 55 * Philadelphia Warriors November 24, 1960 Boston Celtics Record set in a losing effort; grabbed 31 rebounds in one half; scored 34 points. 51 * Boston Celtics February 5, 1960 Syracuse Nationals Set a then-record. 49 * Boston Celtics November 16, 1957 Philadelphia Warriors Set a then-record for rebounds in a game; set a still-standing record of 32 rebounds in a single half. 49 * Boston Celtics March 11, 1965 Detroit Pistons 45 * Philadelphia Warriors February 6, 1960 Syracuse Nationals Single-game record for a rookie; scored 44 points; the fourth quadruple double-double in NBA history. 45 * Philadelphia Warriors January 21, 1961 Los Angeles Lakers Scored 56 points; the fifth quadruple double-double in NBA history. 43 * Philadelphia Warriors November 10, 1959 New York Knicks Set a then-record for a rookie; scored 39 points. 43 * Philadelphia Warriors December 8, 1961 Los Angeles Lakers Triple overtime; Chamberlain also scored a then-record 78 points in the game; the sixth quadruple double-double in NBA history. 43 * Boston Celtics January 20, 1963 Los Angeles Lakers 43 * Philadelphia 76ers March 6, 1965 Boston Celtics 42 * Philadelphia Warriors January 15, 1960 Boston Celtics Rookie season; scored 44 points; the second quadruple double-double in NBA history. 42 * Philadelphia Warriors January 25, 1960 Detroit Pistons Rookie season; Chamberlain also scored a rookie record 58 points in the same game; the third quadruple double-double in NBA history. 42 * San Francisco Warriors November 9, 1965 Detroit Pistons 42 * Philadelphia 76ers January 14, 1966 Boston Celtics Scored 37 points. 42 * Los Angeles Lakers March 7, 1969 Boston Celtics Overtime. 41 * Boston Celtics February 12, 1958 Syracuse Nationals 41 * San Francisco Warriors October 26, 1962 Detroit Pistons Overtime; scored 50 points; the seventh quadruple double-double in NBA history. 41 * Boston Celtics March 14, 1965 San Francisco Warriors 41 * Philadelphia 76ers April 5, 1967 Boston Celtics Game 3 victory in the Eastern Division finals. 40 * Boston Celtics March 23, 1958 Philadelphia Warriors Game 3 victory in the Eastern Division finals. 40 * Boston Celtics December 12, 1958 Cincinnati Royals Overtime. 40 * Philadelphia Warriors November 4, 1959 Syracuse Nationals Set a then-record for a rookie; third game of career; scored 41 points; the first quadruple double-double in NBA history. 40 * Boston Celtics March 29, 1960 St. Louis Hawks NBA Finals record (tie) 40 * Boston Celtics February 12, 1961 Philadelphia Warriors 40 * Boston Celtics April 18, 1962 Los Angeles Lakers NBA Finals record (tie); game 7 overtime victory; Russell's 19 rebounds in a single quarter is the most of any NBA quarter — regular season or playoffs; scored 30 points. 40 * Cincinnati Royals February 29, 1964 Philadelphia 76ers Their rookie season. 40 * San Francisco Warriors November 22, 1964 Detroit Pistons Scored 50 points; the eighth and final quadruple double-double in NBA history. 40 * Philadelphia 76ers December 28, 1965 Boston Celtics Scored 31 points. 39 * Philadelphia Warriors December 4, 1954 Syracuse Nationals Set a then-record. 39 * Boston Celtics January 25, 1959 Detroit Pistons 39 * Boston Celtics December 19, 1959 New York Knicks 39 * Philadelphia Warriors December 28, 1959 Cincinnati Royals Rookie season; scored 39 points. 39 * Philadelphia Warriors January 13, 1960 Syracuse Nationals Rookie season; scored 42 points. 39 * Philadelphia Warriors January 29, 1960 Boston Celtics Rookie season; scored 43 points. 39 * Boston Celtics March 19, 1960 Philadelphia Warriors 39 * Boston Celtics March 23, 1961 Syracuse Nationals 39 * Philadelphia Warriors November 4, 1961 Detroit Pistons Scored 58 points. 39 * Boston Celtics December 21, 1961 New York Knicks 39 * Philadelphia 76ers April 6, 1965 Boston Celtics Scored 30 points. 38 * Rochester Royals January 14, 1956 Syracuse Nationals Rookie season; triple-double, scored 26 points with 12 assists. 38 * Boston Celtics February 23, 1958 Philadelphia Warriors 38 * Boston Celtics December 4, 1959 New York Knicks 38 * Philadelphia Warriors November 29, 1960 Los Angeles Lakers Scored 44 points. 38 * Philadelphia Warriors December 18, 1960 Cincinnati Royals Scored 32 points. 38 * Boston Celtics April 11, 1961 St. Louis Hawks Scored 30 points 38 * Philadelphia Warriors November 25, 1961 Chicago Packers Scored 39 points. 38 * Boston Celtics February 21, 1963 San Francisco Warriors 38 * San Francisco Warriors February 21, 1963 Boston Celtics Scored 40 points. 38 * Boston Celtics April 16, 1963 Los Angeles Lakers 38 * San Francisco Warriors April 24, 1964 Boston Celtics 38 * Boston Celtics January 30, 1965 New York Knicks 38 * Boston Celtics March 3, 1965 Los Angeles Lakers 38 * Philadelphia 76ers March 2, 1967 San Francisco Warriors Triple-double, scored 24 points with 13 assists. 38 * Philadelphia 76ers April 16, 1967 San Francisco Warriors Triple-double, scored 10 points with 10 assists; 26 rebounds in one half, setting the NBA Playoffs record. 38 * Philadelphia 76ers December 20, 1967 Seattle SuperSonics Scored 53 points. 38 * Los Angeles Lakers March 9, 1969 Baltimore Bullets
Since 1973 [ edit ]
This is a complete listing for total rebounds since the 1973–74 season, but it is not a complete listing for offensive or defensive rebounds.
World's biggest insurance market expected to shift 100 out of 600 jobs from London to retain presence in EU post-Brexit
Lloyd's of London will announce on Thursday that it has picked Brussels as the base for its new EU subsidiary to secure a European foothold after the UK's departure from the EU.
The announcement by the world's biggest insurance market will be made alongside its annual results, a day after Theresa May triggered article 50 to kickstart the process of leaving the EU.
Lloyd's is expected to shift up to 100 jobs initially to Brussels from London, where it employs about 600 people. It has a global workforce of 900. It will hammer out the details of the move with regulators over the coming months, to ensure the new hub is up and running by the time the UK leaves the EU in two years' time.
Lloyd's headquarters will remain in London, but its chief executive, Inga Beale, will regularly visit the Brussels hub, alongside the market's other overseas offices. The new subsidiary will be similar to its Dubai office, which serves clients in the Middle East and north Africa, and its China company based in Beijing, which operates with 26 underwriting divisions.
Lloyd's is the first major UK financial institution that has chosen the Belgian capital as its EU base. The final choice came down to Brussels and Luxembourg, from a shortlist of European cities that at one time also included Dublin and Malta.
The decision was made by the Lloyd's franchise board, which supervises and regulates the market, on Tuesday and was ratified by the council – its governing body – at a meeting a day later. Lloyd's declined to comment.
Founded in 1688, Lloyd's is the world's oldest insurance market, where insurers do business via brokers. It began as a coffee house in the City where merchants and shipowners met.
The market's chairperson, John Nelson, told the Press Association last week that there had been “a lot of enthusiasm from a number of EU countries for Lloyd's to come to their country”. They added that the reputation for regulation was an important factor in the selection process.
Lloyd's wants to ensure that it can still serve its European clients. Its business with continental Europe amounts to nearly £3bn a year, or 11% of its premiums.
Nelson said Lloyd's had no option but to take swift action. “We decided to move quickly and decisively because we are a market. And if our stakeholders felt that we weren't going to be in that position, then you can imagine that the business might have walked – and the answer is, it hasn't, and they've been consulted all the way through.
“Some of our managing agents, some of our big insurance companies are not taking decisions at the moment. They will have to fairly soon. But we have to. We have no choice,” they said.
Lloyd's has been lobbying the UK government to safeguard passporting rights – which allow UK banks and insurers to conduct business in the other 27 EU states – for the organisation and its 97 syndicates.
Nelson said last week: “By going ‘onshore EU' we might create more of an opportunity for ourselves in terms of increasing our franchise in the EU, which would be good. That'll be a long-term aim rather than something that's going to happen overnight.”
Frankfurt is becoming the preferred destination for many investment banks looking to move staff from London. Japanese banks Nomura and Daiwa are reportedly leaning towards the German financial centre.
Goldman Sachs, which employs 6,000 people in London, has said it would move hundreds of bankers to Frankfurt and Paris, while HSBC is on course to switch 1,000 investment banking jobs from London to the French capital. It already has a sizeable presence in France after buying Crédit Commercial de France in 2000.
The US insurance giant AIG announced this month that it would set up an EU subsidiary in Luxembourg, where it already has a branch, to serve EU clients after Brexit.
Others such as JP Morgan have not yet decided on a location – its chief executive, Jamie Dimon, has warned that up to 4,000 of its 19,000 UK staff could be relocated.
Though the tenure of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross began promisingly, with a trip to Saudia Arabia where they were gifted “two gigantic bushels of dates,” and an amusing evening with the president that concluded with the “after-dinner entertainment” of bombing Syria, over the past few weeks things have taken a turn for the less-pleasant for the velvet-slippered tycoon. Last month, it emerged that they had failed to disclose their investment in a Russian shipping company with ties to Vladimir Putin. Shortly thereafter, Forbes accused them of lying about their net worth for a decade and not, in fact, being a billionaire. (Bloomberg joined the pile-on with the particularly stinging headline, “We're Cutting Our Calculation of Wilbur Ross's Net Worth to $860 Million.”) Days later, several of their former colleagues alleged that he'd cheated them out of millions. And last week, an Irish politician and European Member of Parliament accused them of insider trading (he has denied the charge).
So far, Ross has coped with these setbacks by reportedly chugging wine and, apparently, disappearing. According to the New York Post agents from Ross's security detail entered a fancy takeout place in the Hamptons last week, frantically looking for the missing commerce secretary. “They went into the Golden Pear in Southampton and said, ‘Has anyone seen him?'” a regular there told Page Six, adding: “They said they had lost them and asked anyone who spotted them to call them. They gave out cards that said ‘Commerce Department security' and told the owner, ‘If you see him, will you call us immediately?'” According to the same source, the agents “were combing Southampton” looking for Ross.
Happily, like a beloved family pet whose disappearance gives the kids a real fright, Ross “was found later that day, but they were in a panic.” A spokesperson for the Department of Commerce told the Post, essentially, that the whole episode had been overblown, and, according to another source, that Ross was just a little late to meet their security detail after grabbing a sandwich. “Five minutes later, they realized where they are. Mystery solved,” the spokesperson said. Thankfully no one had time to plaster the neighborhood with flyers bearing their face and a reward for theirs return.
This is in response to Moogfest's dam­age con­trol spin-zone press release pub­lished today. I rec­om­mend you read it before con­tin­u­ing on.
Dear Moogfest,
Thanks for the $14 mil­lion in eco­nom­ic activ­i­ty. But, maybe Asheville would be even more thank­ful if Moog had planned for the future and cre­at­ed an Asheville-appro­pri­ate event that could have been suc­cess­ful year after year. That could have brought in a lot more than $14 mil­lion over the years. Maybe Moog could have brought in some prof­it to be shared with their new employ­ee own­ers too. That would have been pro-Asheville for sure. Now before I con­tin­ue, remem­ber that this is what Moog pitched as the rai­son de vivre of the fes­ti­val:
“Beyond a tra­di­tion­al music fes­ti­val, Moogfest aims to be an engine for dri­ving eco­nom­ic devel­op­ment in West­ern North Car­oli­na … the long-term goal say Moogfest orga­niz­ers, ‘is to inspire big think­ing start-ups, entre­pre­neurs, and inno­va­tors to con­sid­er Asheville as a com­mu­ni­ty to relo­cate their for­ward think­ing busi­ness­es, just as Bob Moog did in 1978'…” “Moog Music Pres­i­dent Mike Adams took the risk on financ­ing this spec­u­la­tive ven­ture because of the poten­tial pay­off for the community's future – help­ing to attract new busi­ness­es and cre­ate jobs in West­ern North Car­oli­na.”
(News­flash: Durham is evi­dent­ly now in West­ern North Car­oli­na)
I wouldn't have any prob­lem with this if Moog hadn't pitched the whole event as a slam dunk for our com­mu­ni­ty and a sure­fire sign of their com­mit­ment to the growth of Asheville. Talk of grow­ing a “Sil­i­con Moun­tain,” throw­ing a great par­ty (it was fun) and bring­ing nation­al media atten­tion to our city falls flat. It's more like Sil­i­con Mole­hill, and my busk­ing friends and I enter­tain thou­sands every week and have brought plen­ty of tourists and nation­al media atten­tion here. Moog is not the only peo­ple work­ing for Asheville. But they did a great job of los­ing $1.5 mil­lion while doing it. And now we have one less music fes­ti­val here, not one more.
And how impressed should we be with that $14 mil­lion fig­ure? $30 mil­lion sounds a lot bet­ter, doesn't it? That's what was promised by Moog when they ini­tial­ly chased that pub­lic invest­ment. No doubt this was on the minds of the Bun­combe Coun­ty Cul­ture Recre­ation Author­i­ty when they reject­ed the plea for $250,000 for the 2015 fes­ti­val that was even­tu­al­ly scrapped. It prob­a­bly didn't help that the grant appli­ca­tion was late and incom­plete. Whoops. For com­par­i­son, Bele Chere was esti­mat­ed to cre­ate $8–10 mil­lion of eco­nom­ic impact and on a much small­er bud­get. Not as cool or fun, but on the same order of mag­ni­tude if you look at it per day of the fes­ti­val.
The vaunt­ed “cool fac­tor” that Moogfest claimed would bring tech star­tups to the region los­es a lot of cool when the big accom­plish­ment of the fes­ti­val is show­ing every­one what a “cool” place to lose mon­ey Asheville is. Cool doesn't impress busi­ness­men. Prof­it does. Clyde Smith wrote a great piece about the hol­low­ness of that “Sil­i­con Moun­tain erupt­ing from a music fes­ti­val” bull-dinky over at Hype­bot. Check it out.
Moog spent mon­ey like a col­lege stu­dent with a cred­it card. They booked dozens and dozens of niche artists with some blast-from-the-past head­lin­ers like Kraftwerk (3D!) with large­ly over­lap­ping draw. Some of these bands had to be flown in and put up at great cost, mon­ey spent that like­ly did not impact tick­et sales. A bet­ter approach would have been to cre­ate a more hor­i­zon­tal pro­mo­tion scheme. The fire sale on tick­ets in the last two months before the fes­ti­val were a clear indi­ca­tion that their ver­ti­cal pro­mo­tion scheme had failed. Every­one that was going to buy a tick­et bought it imme­di­ate­ly, but the appeal out­side the nar­row, core audi­ence didn't spread. You could call this wild spec­u­la­tion of mine Mon­day morn­ing quar­ter­back­ing. Or you could call it Pro­mo­tion 101.
Oh, and that bit about the 7,700% return on the pub­lic mon­ey invest­ed? That's not how “returns” work and the inde­pen­dent study men­tioned in the press release doesn't actu­al­ly say how much mon­ey was actu­al­ly returned to local munic­i­pal cof­fers. Lit­tle of that state and local tax actu­al­ly returns to the City of Asheville or Bun­combe Coun­ty gov­ern­ments. Most goes to the State of North Car­oli­na who return a small por­tion of it to the com­mu­ni­ty it orig­i­nat­ed from and the Tourism Devel­op­ment Author­i­ty receives all mon­ey col­lect­ed from the hotel tax. Else­where, I've seen that there was a direct ROI of 200% to the city, but I can't find a pri­ma­ry for that fig­ure. Caveat lec­tor. But munic­i­pal grants don't aim to turn a prof­it — they are designed to aug­ment the com­mu­ni­ty and expand the tax base over many years. By that mea­sure, those grants were a fail­ure because Moogfest is leav­ing.
The truth is, Moog couldn't fig­ure out how to get $3 mil­lion of rev­enue out of 6,090 tick­et buy­ers. Because that's ridicu­lous! Tick­ets would have had to have cost $492 each to break even. A small­er, cheap­er, yet more hor­i­zon­tal, more diverse line­up (I'm not talk­ing ban­jos + beards, more like adding some elec­tropop-hip­ster bait like Beach House) could pos­si­bly have brought more tick­et buy­ers and appealed to cor­po­rate spon­sors as per­haps, more real­is­tic. (Yet there are no audi­to­ri­ums that can fit 3,000+ for the head­line acts in Asheville, an admit­ted­ly major stum­bling block for any large fes­ti­val that wants to locate here.) Costs were sim­ply way too high, and the cor­po­rate spon­sor­ship wasn't there. Were com­pa­nies that skep­ti­cal to spon­sor an event in Asheville? Or were they just that skep­ti­cal to spon­sor the doomed event that Moog pitched them?
And of course, Moogfest's newest suit­or, Durham, thinks that they'll “fit right in.”
Just admit it, Moog: you’re not com­mit­ted to Asheville. You’re com­mit­ted to Moog. And that’s fine. Just don’t tell us you love this com­mu­ni­ty when you don’t. In the words of the old song, “Be sure it’s true when you say ‘I Love You.’ It’s a sin to tell a lie.”
The only ques­tion remains: was Moogfest inept, hyp­o­crit­i­cal or mere­ly oppor­tunis­tic? Or just naive­ly before it's time? Let's ask Durham this time next year.
Love, Asheville
P.S. For any­one who wants to dri­ve to Durham next year for Moogfest, there are 300 tick­ets avail­able for Asheville locals at the Moog store for $99 a piece.
A planned Strathcona County medical marijuana facility will be an environmentally friendly operation with livestock, fruit trees and cannabis grown under natural light, the leader of the company said.
People living near the proposed development southeast of Josephburg say the project is in the wrong location, could attract criminals and heavy traffic, and might cause other problems. But Canadian Rockies Agricultural Inc. chief executive Aaron Barr said they think their concerns can be alleviated.
“A lot of these residents and neighbours feel upset, and justly so. They don't feel involved in the process,” they said Wednesday, one day after a public meeting about the issue.
“(But) this is a very long design process. We're just in the initial stages … This isn't just a horse-and-pony show. It's going to be a very detailed and well-thought-out operation to try to make this thing a long-term success.”
Barr, 33, said they have a federal licence to grow 163 marijuana plants for three patients, and for the last eight years has used cannabis products to treat injuries they suffered as a professional motocross racer.
The approximately $20-million first phase of the development includes a 9,300-square-metre greenhouse and six smaller greenhouses, two underground vaults and an administration building.
Within five years, the company intends to start growing 2.4 hectares of hemp, as well as researching new uses for the plant. Barr said Health Canada is looking at changing its regulations so fibre, roots and other hemp products could come from the same plants producing marijuana, which isn't allowed now.
The company, owned by 13 people primarily from the Edmonton area, also plans to compost waste to grow fruit and vegetables, raise livestock, and use more renewable energy and fewer chemicals, Barr said.
Their brother and sister-in-law live at the 30-hectare former elk ranch, which they want to run like a family farm.
“This is such a new, unique design we're kind of learning as we go.”
Strathcona County Coun. Paul Smith said they attended the meeting Tuesday night with at least 120 other people, most of whom weren't happy with the proposal.
The main concern was it's really an industrial operation that doesn't belong in an area zoned for agriculture, Smith said.
However, under the intensive horticulture use in which the county has classed the project, the development is allowed to proceed as long as it meets all the technical requirements and doesn't require public input, they said.
They intend to ask council to look at changing zoning for future producers of controlled substances, but admitted this could also affect people growing other crops such as saskatoon berries.
“Most of the residents are saying it should be stopped. We will have to take a serious look at whether it can be stopped.”
Barr hopes the county will give final approval in about a month. Then the company must seek a Health Canada production licence before starting construction, which he'd like to begin next spring and finish in the fall of 2018.
The Sherwood Park resident isn't surprised people are upset, but said fences, cameras and constant monitoring mean security won't be a problem, while shuttle buses will keep traffic from the approximately 20 initial employees to a minimum.
“If a large cannabis facility was going up next to my family farm, I would have concerns and questions as well … (but) we're not this big corporation coming in.”
Josephburg is 32 km northeast of Edmonton.
gkent@postmedia.com
twitter.com/GKentYEG
Researchers at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) released 62 newly declassified videos today of atmospheric nuclear tests films that have never before been seen by the public.
The videos are the second batch of scientific test films to be published on the LLNL YouTube channel this year, and the team plans to publish the remaining videos of tests conducted by LLNL as they are scanned and approved for public release.
LLNL nuclear weapon physicist Gregg Spriggs is leading a team of film experts, code developers and interns on a mission to hunt down, scan and reanalyze what they estimate to be 10,000 films of the 210 atmospheric tests conducted by the U.S. between 1945 and 1962. With many of the films suffering from physical decay, their goal is to preserve this priceless record before it's lost forever, and to provide more accurate scientific data to colleagues who are responsible for certifying the stockpile every year.
“We've received a lot of demand for these videos and the public has a right to see this footage,” Spriggs said. “Not only are we preserving history, but we're getting much more consistent answers with our calculations.
“It's been 25 years since the last nuclear test, and computer simulations have become our virtual test ground. But those simulations are only as good as the data they're based on. Accurate data is what enables us to ensure the stockpile remains safe, secure and effective without having to return to testing.”
‘The data must be off'
Ten years ago, Spriggs was asked to write a computer code related to nuclear weapons effects, but their calculations didn't agree with what was published in the 1950s and '60s. When they dug in to find out why there was a discrepancy, they discovered that the manual measurements made in the '50s and '60s were off, in some cases by 20 percent to 30 percent. Their new mission had become clear: reanalyze all the nuclear test films to ensure future computer simulations would be validated.
“It was driving me nuts,” Spriggs said. “No matter what I did, I couldn't get my calculations to agree. Eventually, I came to the conclusion that the data must be off. To prove our simulations are correct, we rely on quality benchmark data. That's why this project is so important. It is providing the data our physicists need to ensure our deterrent remains viable into the future.”
Nuclear detonations are tremendously extreme events. To record the action, each test was captured by upward of 50 cameras, providing different vantage points and providing backup in case one of the cameras malfunctioned. Some cameras were designed to zip through hundreds of feet of film within a couple seconds, capturing every detail of massive fireballs in stunning slow motion. Others captured a frame or two every minute in order to record how mushroom clouds evolved over longer periods of time. The common thread between these films is that they contain a great deal of quality scientific data, data that can never be reproduced.
For rare film expert Jim Moye, the goal when scanning the films is simple: Create as exact a copy of the data as possible. To do so, Moye preps and cleans the film before scanning it with a customized Hollywood film scanner. Because much of the film is black and white, it contains a greater range of optical density (shades of dark and light) than the scanner can record in one pass. So Moye scans the film twice, first capturing the rich details of the darker shades before adjusting the scanner software to capture the lighter shades.
“It's fascinating to watch film that hasn't been seen in more than 50 years,” Moye said. “This may be our one and only chance to preserve this historical record. It's critical that we capture as much of the data as possible. I truly feel like we're preserving history.”
What a physicist looks for in a nuclear test
While the team certainly is preserving history, the driving purpose behind the project is to reanalyze the films to get a more accurate measurement of the yield (amount of energy released) of each test. To ensure accuracy, the team takes multiple measurements of a handful of different physics phenomena that independently correlate to test yield. Some films provide four to five different ways a scientist like Spriggs can calculate the yield, and agreement between these measurements means they have a number they can trust.
Video of Operation Dominic - Harlem 108507
Nuclear detonations show two characteristic light pulses. This double-pulse phenomenon is evident in the video of the “Harlem event,” a 1.2 megaton test that took place 13,645 feet above the Christmas Island area of the Pacific on June 12, 1962. The first pulse peaks almost immediately as the shockwave first forms (0:09 in the video). The brightness then decreases as the superheated air, which is opaque when heated to above 3,300 degrees Kelvin -- or 5,480.33 degrees Fahrenheit -- shields the light from inside the fireball (0:10 in the video). As the shockwave cools to below 3,300 Kelvin, the air becomes transparent and the hot gasses begin to show through, creating the second pulse (0:21 in the video). Software developed by LLNL computer scientist Jason Bender scans each frame of the films to automate the measurement process. Bender's software notes the timestamp of both pulses of light, and the darkest frame between them. With this data, Spriggs can calculate the test's yield.
Video of Operation Dominic - Bighorn 110762
Tests like the “Bighorn event” display the mechanisms that lead to the formation of the iconic mushroom-shaped cloud. Bighorn was a 7.65 megaton test that took place 11,810 feet above the Christmas Island area of the Pacific on June 27, 1962. The fireball is spherical, almost sun-like, until the shockwave “outruns” the fireball, bounces off the ground, then smacks back into the bottom of the fireball, flattening it into the shape many have come to associate with a nuclear blast. The speed at which the mushroom cloud rises and the height of the cloud can be used to calculate yield.
Video of Operation Teapot - Turk 28141
The glow time of the fireball itself, as well as the speed at which it grows, also can be used to calculate yield. These measurements can be taken from the video of the “Turk event,” a 43-kiloton test that took place 508 feet above the desert floor of the Nevada Test Site on March 7, 1955.
Measurements taken in the '50s and '60s focused on the rate of growth of the fireball. These measurements were done manually by projecting each frame onto a grid, with an analyst jotting down the eyeballed measurement before the projector's heat began to melt the frame.
“It's really amazing how close they got back in the '50s and '60s,” Spriggs said. “The measurements they got for most of their tests were pretty accurate. But when it comes to ensuring the stockpile, we need to be certain. These are devastating weapons, and I hope they're never used in war. But the stockpile has been an effective deterrent for more than 70 years. My hope is that this project can help to make sure it stays viable into the future.”
In the CSM9 Winter Summit Minutes, ( read the Minutes here ), in the session with Team Size Matters on Day 1, the matter of character attributes was discussed:
Removal of attributes was also mentioned, but the idea is still in quite an early stage. It's something [CCP Games' devs] want to do as it's on the level as learning skills, so that people don't have to get locked into training skills in a non-optimal order for use, in order to train at the optimal speed. There is still some discussion around what would possibly be done with learning implants (keep them, flat bonus, something else). There are also questions as to what the rate would be with the changes. Ali [Aras] brought up some feedback that some veteran players like the space it gives you to optimize your character, but overall supports removing attributes. There was also the point of learning implants [as a] disincentive [to] PVP, especially in null and WH.
Attributes: an Overview
Intelligence – the speed at which you process information.
Memory – how well you remember information.
Charisma – the degree to which you influence others.
Perception – your ability to understand the situation around you.
Willpower – the amount of stamina you have to reach a goal.
Why Remove Attributes?
New Eden without Attributes
All skill choices are equal— in an attribute-free EVE Online, all skills would become equally accessible. There would be neither need to plan for maximum training rates, nor optimizing training sequences. There would be no artificial “right” choices, other than what kinds of activities a player wants to pursue in the game. Elimination of attributes would provide more freedom in selecting different skills to train.
in an attribute-free EVE Online, all skills would become equally accessible. There would be neither need to plan for maximum training rates, nor optimizing training sequences. There would be no artificial “right” choices, other than what kinds of activities a player wants to pursue in the game. Elimination of attributes would provide more freedom in selecting different skills to train. Standard training rates and implant bonuses— without attributes, it is likely that CCP would set a universal rate for skill points accumulated. This would likely be a flat rate, perhaps modifiable by flat (and low) percentage bonuses from up to five learning implants. Different skills would require more skill points to learn than others, just as we have now, and higher-level skills would take longer to achieve, but everyone would learn them at the same rate.
without attributes, it is likely that CCP would set a universal rate for skill points accumulated. This would likely be a flat rate, perhaps modifiable by flat (and low) percentage bonuses from up to five learning implants. Different skills would require more skill points to learn than others, just as we have now, and higher-level skills would take longer to achieve, but everyone would learn them at the same rate. The decline of training apps ?—skill-training planning applications, such as EVEHQ or EVEMon, will become less useful in an attribute-free EVE Online. The need to train certain prerequisites to unlock access to ships, modules and other abilities would remain, but players can use the in-game ISIS ship-browsing utility to determine which skills to train, and in what sequence. Adding the ability to stack up skills in the training queue, even if the prerequisite skills have not yet been trained, would further reduce player dependence to play “what if” with different training paths in third-party applications.
?—skill-training planning applications, such as EVEHQ or EVEMon, will become less useful in an attribute-free EVE Online. The need to train certain prerequisites to unlock access to ships, modules and other abilities would remain, but players can use the in-game ISIS ship-browsing utility to determine which skills to train, and in what sequence. Adding the ability to stack up skills in the training queue, even if the prerequisite skills have not yet been trained, would further reduce player dependence to play “what if” with different training paths in third-party applications. Goodbye, remaps—with the removal of attributes, there would no longer be any need for neural remaps, the risk of doing them poorly would simply go away. I will have to write another guide soon, if I want to keep my blog traffic at the previous level of popularity.
New players in EVE Online are often confused by character attributes, and what they mean. I know this because one of the most popular guides that I wrote on my personal blog ( click here to read guide ) is about remapping attributes effectively. More than a year old, this guide continues to get hundreds of views every week. It's clear that attributes are one of the little features in EVE Online that are not well understood.For those who are new to the game, and are wondering what the fuss is about, every character has five attributes, as follows:To see your attribute scores, click on your Character sheet button on the NeoCom, then click on Attributes. Practically, your character's attributes affect no other game mechanic other than determining the speed at which a character can train skills. Each skill is associated with one primary and one secondary attribute. The formula for the speed of skill training (in skill points per minute) is:In short, your assigned score for a skill's primary attribute will affect training time twice as much as your score for a secondary attribute. Therefore, in order to maximize the rate at which characters learn certain sets of skills, players must adjust their attributes from time to time. CCP Games allows this to happen with a process called neural remapping, but the number of remaps you can do is very limited – generally, twice in your first year of play, and only once a year thereafter. As a result, remaps should not be done without careful consideration—and this is why my blog guide remains popular.The CSM's discussion on the removal of character attributes is part of a general trend towards simplification of game mechanics in EVE Online that are needlessly complex, or that add little to the game playing experience. For example, the industry revamp in the Crius release made use of industry much easier—and CCP made this even simpler by later removing the concept of Teams, a little used feature that did not add a lot of value. As referenced by the CSM in the 2010 Incursion release, CCP eliminated “learning skills” from the game ( read the Wiki on this here ). These skills had allowed players to increase attribute scores, and thereby reduce training time, but they also required players to delay training in more practical (and more fun) skills in the game, and therefore were seen mostly as a painful “rite of passage” that no one enjoyed. There were few complaints from the player community when learning skills were removed from the game. Today, players may boost their character attributes only by installing various grades of Attribute Enhancer (“learning”) implants, one for each attribute. However, as pointed out by the CSM, learning implants, especially the maximum +5 attribute increasing versions, can be expensive—generally more than 100 million ISK each—and this creates a disincentive for players who use them to participate in dangerous activities. No one wants to lose a half-billion ISK of value from their implants, should they get podded. Also mentioned in the CSM meeting minutes was the fact that attributes require players to learn certain batches of skills in a particular sequence, if they wish to minimize the time to learn those skills. This is because each skill is associated with two attributes. This puts players in the position of forgoing the training of skills that have more immediate application, in order to optimize training time over the long term, thereby limiting their current gameplay choices—similar to the problem with learning skills. Finally, there is the matter of neural remaps, which if done poorly, can result in significant delays in developing certain sets of skills, and thereby reduce the degree of choice among different types of game-play. Based on the questions I receive from players who read my advisory guide, the frequency of making bad choices in a neural remap is unfortunately all too common. Making good decisions about a neural remap—determining the optimum time and point levels—generally requires using a third-party application such as EVEMon, to calculate the variables correctly. Since the supply of remaps is very limited for each character—just one a year—the implications of less-than-optimal choices are potentially severe.If CCP ultimately does do away with character attributes, how would game mechanics change?Altogether, the elimination of attributes would simplify EVE Online's skill training and character development mechanics, and make it easier for new players to train the areas of the game in which they have an immediate interest. Simplicity, improved accessibility, more choices in gameplay, and greater ease of use make it highly likely that CCP will delete attributes sooner rather than later. While some “bittervets” like me, who had to master a more complex system, may complain that youngsters in New Eden have it all too easy compared to what we had to endure, we have to agree that attributes do little but make EVE Online more complicated—and they aren't really very much fun. Like the “learning” skills, attributes won't be missed very much once they are gone.
Elections in India are almost at their end, with May 12 being the last day for polling. The overwhelming favorite to win the race is the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) coalition whose campaign is being single-handedly spearheaded by Narendra Modi, Chief Minister of Gujarat. If opinion polls and mainstream media coverage are to be believed, the BJP leader's anointment as the Prime Minister of India after May 16, the day results are announced, is a mere formality.
However, there are many in India and abroad who nurture deep-seated doubts about Modi, a hardcore Hindu nationalist leader, whose claim to infamy is the 2002 Gujarat riots that claimed the lives of hundreds of minority Muslims. A Supreme Court-appointed commission exonerated Modi, who was the Chief Minister of Gujarat at the time, from any complicity in abetting the riots. Widespread perceptions, however, hold Modi directly accountable for one of the worst-ever tragedies to take place in independent India.
Despite the best efforts of the ruling Congress party, the 2002 episode did not become a major election issue. The strong anti-incumbency sentiment against the governing coalition overwhelmed Modi's past. The media and large swathes of society have been quite oblivious to the Gujarat CM's track record in their state, and there have been few questions about the BJP leader's attitude towards the Muslim minority in their own state.
The BJP has been very vocal about the party's track record of communal harmony in the state since 2002. It brags that Gujarat has never witnessed such a long period of uninterrupted peace among its religious communities after independence.
Is the absence of communal riots in the last decade a barometer of communal harmony in the state? Is it a sign of growing pluralism in the state?
Recent statements by a radical Hindu right-wing leader, Praveen Togadia, in a meeting in the Bhavnagar district of Gujarat have brought the focus back to the status of minorities in the western Indian state. The leader of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) or World Hindu Organization, a radical Hindu organization, said in a public meeting that Muslims should not be allowed to buy properties in Hindu areas. The VHP is affiliated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) or National Voluntary Organization, the parent organization of the BJP.
Togadia is a senior leader of Modi's peers in the RSS, the Hindu right-wing organization which provides ideological and physical training to its cadres. They and the Gujarat CM were close pals and instrumental in growing the Hindu right-wing network in the state. Though they are not reportedly on good terms today, they nonetheless remain loyal to their ideological parent.
The VHP leader's comment sparked outrage in certain sections of the media. Sensing the public mood, the BJP Prime Ministerial candidate tweeted: “petty statements by those claiming to be BJP's well wishers are deviating the campaign from the issues of development and good governance.” They further said that “I disapprove [of] any such irresponsible statement and appeal to those making them to kindly refrain from doing so.”
Is this general statement enough to assuage the fear of those who are concerned about the impending danger to the plural coexistence of Indian society? There was no condemnation of the statement and there was no categorical denial of Muslim marginalization in the land where Mahatma Gandhi, father of the nation, was born.
The very fact that a leader in Gujarat can make this kind of open anti-minority statement and get away with it speaks volumes about Indian society. Togadia finds the atmosphere conducive to promote crass majoritarianism in a state where both Hindus and Muslims have a shared history of coexistence despite their differences.
In a recent article in The New York Times, “Being Muslim Under Narendra Modi,” Basharat Peer, after visiting Ahmedabad, writes that “judging by the evidence in Gujarat, where Mr. Modi has been chief minister since 2001, a B.J.P. victory in the general election would increase marginalization and vulnerability among India's 165 million Muslims.” Writing about their experiences of visiting Muslim-dominated areas in one of the prominent cities of Gujarat, Peer says that “Ahmedabad, Gujarat's largest city, has become a wealthy metropolis of about six million people and three million private vehicles. But Ahmedabad ceases to swagger in Juhapura, a southwestern neighborhood and the city's largest Muslim ghetto, with about 400,000 people.”
They talk about “The Border,” a boundary wall with barbed wire that has come up between the Muslim localities and Hindu neighborhoods.
“Mr. Modi's engines of growth seem to have stalled on The Border. Their acclaimed bus network ends a few miles before Juhapura. The route of a planned metro rail line also stops short of the neighborhood. The same goes for the city's gas pipelines,” says the Kashmiri writer.
Gujarati journalist Aakar Patel, writing on the Togadia episode, says. “What sort of state in India has two decades of Hindutva rule produced where it is easy for Togadia to say what they did in a public gathering? What does it say about Gujaratis in the rule of Modi that they do not want as their neighbor a Bohra, one of the most peaceful and most enterprising of all Gujarati communities, because they are also Muslim?”
Patel continues, “Sadly this is the reality of Gujarat, where unbroken rule by the Hindutva party has produced great bitterness on the ground. The religious poison they have spread has made the state toxic.”
This open discrimination between the majority and minority community in a state which is promoted as a model state in India raises a valid question about the intention of the right-wing leader and the repercussion for Indian society should Modi assume power in New Delhi.
There is a valid anger among the 13 percent of India that is Muslim.
“He (Modi) should have been disqualified a long time ago. It's deplorable that they should have grown to such proportions with such a past. I feel angry from the sense of justice being not merely denied but injustice being actively perpetrated with the state machinery's complicity,” says Aateka Khan, an assistant professor in Delhi University.
Does India need this kind of “Gujarat model?”
Is Hillary Off the Hook With DOJ on Clinton Foundation Allegations
Judge Nap: 'Clinton Foundation Case Easier for FBI to Prove Than Emails'
Fox News' senior intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge reported Tuesday that Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill are making a push for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, to be prosecuted for perjury charges in connection with the investigation into their email scandal.
Clinton is accused of lying under oath while being deposed in their original email scandal, after comparisons were made between their personal statements and declarations made by the FBI.
On “Your World” today, Stuart Varney asked senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano whether there was a case to be made against Clinton in this way.
“Clearly, either perjury, providing false information or misleading Congress” have occurred, Napolitano declared.
“This is a slam dunk case in the ordinary world—were their name 'Hillary Rodham' and not 'Hillary Rodham Clinton,' this information would be on its way to a grand jury.”
Napolitano said that, compared to the initial email investigation, in which FBI Director Jim Comey recommended charges not be brought against Clinton, that the facts in the new case “nicely, neatly, tightly and in an easily understandable way focus the lies that Mrs. Clinton uttered while under oath.”
Varney asked Napolitano about the likelihood Clinton would be prosecuted.
“Well, the Justice Department has an unwritten policy that they will not indict someone who is running for office within 90 days of an election—unless it is necessary to preserve the integrity of the election. [Therefore there is] obviously a basis for indicting her.”
However, the judge was not confident such a case would be brought.
“The people that will decide to indict them are the same that decided not to indict them when they failed to keep secure 110 secret or top secret emails.”
“This will just pass on by?” Varney asked.
“Yes, I'm sorry to say I think it will,” Napolitano said.
WikiLeaks Founder Promises More Clinton Emails, Dems Fear 'October Surprise'
Why Did Clinton Campaign Cut This Line About Sexual Assault from Website?
GOP Rep. Marino: The Clintons Are 'Pathological Liars'
Conservative pundit Ann Coulter on Wednesday slammed the Republican candidates who tarnished their races with offensive comments about rape.
“Oh, man, you're talking about Romney,” they told radio host Laura Ingraham. “We've got to do something about these Senate candidates. Any Republican running for office, knock it off with the philosophy on rape and incest and abortion. Can you learn to say, ‘no exceptions' or rather, ‘no abortions with exceptions for rape, incest and the life of the mother?' Learn that. Memorize that, Republicans. Stop waxing philosophical when you're running to make laws.”
Republican Senate candidates Todd Akin and Richard Mourdock both sparked national outrage after attempting to explain why they believed abortion should be prohibited even in cases of rape. Republican House candidate John Koster and Wisconsin state Rep. Roger Rivard also found themselves in hot water after making controversial comments about rape. All four candidates lost.
During their appearance on The Laura Ingraham Show, Coulter also insisted that Mitt Romney was the best Republican candidate the party had to offer. Coulter said that Romney was a better campaigner and also more conservative than former President Ronald Reagan — two claims that Ingraham found incredulous.
“If Mitt Romney cannot win in this economy, then the tipping point has been reached,” Coulter said. “We have more takers than makers and it's over. There is no hope.”
Listen to audio, courtesy of MRC-TV, below:
Assemblyman Ira Hansen (R) stepped down as speaker-elect of the Nevada Assembly on Sunday, following national publicity of a report on their racist and misogynistic columns in a local newspaper—including their labeling of Black people as “simple minded darkies.” But given that memories are short, and politicians' ambitions never die, this may be a good time to discuss the Hansen families' 50+ year history of right-wing third party politics, from George Wallace's 1968 presidential campaign to the present.
Hansen is denouncing the “orchestrated attack” on their character, claiming that the inflammatory quotes are 20 years old and taken out of context—his use of the word “negro” in lower case in reference to President Obama is not two decades old—but it is true that national press failed to provide context for Hansen's rapid rise to prominence in Nevada's GOP.
The Independent American Party of Nevada
The Hansen clan, including Ira Hansen's father, grandmother, aunt, and uncles, and other relatives, are practically synonymous with the state's third largest party, the Independent American Party (IAP). The IAP in Nevada has included in its ranks Sharron Angle, who later ran for Senate as a Republican, and Cliven Bundy, who publicly abandoned the GOP and signed their registration form at an IAP event held in their honor in May, 2014. The IAP is the fastest growing party in Nevada, now with over 70,000 members and doubling in size since 2005.
The Party was founded by Ira's father, Daniel Hansen, as part of an effort to get Alabama Governor George Wallace, a hardcore segregationist, on the ballot in Nevada for the 1968 presidential election. (See the sidebar about the role of Daniel's fellow John Birch Society members and Mormon leadership in campaigning for Wallace in Western states.) The IAP of Nevada was affiliated with the American Independent Party (AIP) in the 1960s and 70s, and later with the theocratic Constitution Party.
Daniel Hansen was the runner-up in balloting for the vice presidential slot on the ticket with Gov. Lester Maddox in 1976, and would run unsuccessfully in Nevada for Governor and Congress before their death in a car accident in 2002. The IAP would continue, with Daniel's sister Janine and brothers Christopher and Joel, also running as perennial IAP candidates.
The Hansens have been leading culture warriors in the fight against women's and LGBTQ rights. Led by Janine, the Hansens organized the STOP ERA [Equal Rights Amendment] movement in the western states. Janine continues today as the leader of Nevada's Eagle Forum and as the Constitutional Issues Chairman of the national organization founded by Phyllis Schlafly. Janine has published a voter guide since 1988 and lobbies the Nevada Assembly on behalf of Eagle Forum.
Daniel Hansen wrote that homosexuals are “termites of civilization [who] have brazenly oozed out of their closet to proclaim that they have a right to maim, molest and embarrass society.” In 1994, the IAP published a 16-page advertising insert for local papers titled “The Homosexual Agenda Exposed,” promoting an amendment to the Nevada constitution that would permanently legalize LGBTQ discrimination. Talking Points Memo described it as including “virtually every homophobic myth ever conceived” after obtaining a copy during investigation of Angle's role in the IAP.
By the 1990s, the Nevada IAP affiliated with the Constitution Party. Daniel served as Western States Chairman for the national party, followed by Janine who represented Michael Peroutka's presidential campaign at the Alaskan Independence Party convention in 2004. They continue as Western States Chairman in the national party today. (Peroutka has been featured in PRA articles concerning their successful infiltration of the Maryland Republican Party and election to an influential county council position.)
Janine and Christopher Hansen were behind a 2006 schism in the Constitution Party. The Hansens are Mormon (LDS) and Christopher, as the IAP candidate for governor, ran on a platform opposing abortion which included the Mormon church's support of exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother, as documented in Janine's voter guide. This was unacceptable to some of the Constitution Party leadership, since the party adheres to a strict written policy “opposing abortion 100%, no exceptions.” In the power struggle that followed, the Hansens and IAP were not expelled from the national party, and nine state parties disaffiliated in protest. Ironically, those states included Maryland, resulting in Peroutka being essentially locked out of the party which they had represented in the presidential election.
Ira Hansen themselves has expressed disdain for their relatives' third party efforts, complaining that “IAP candidates can only be spoilers and never win any major races themselves.” Only Ira, running as a Republican, has achieved success beyond a local office. “I don't want anyone to think I have anything to do with the Independent American Party,” stated Hansen, according to the Las Vegas Sun, which described them as not wanting their fellow Republicans to wonder whether they belong to the GOP just to get elected. They disassociate themselves from their relative's IAP activity, even getting up from their seat and walking out of the Assembly when their Aunt Janine was testifying.
The Battle for the Soul of the GOP
But Ira Hansen wouldn't be the first politician to join the GOP out of expediency. Sharron Angle joined the IAP and worked with the Hansens in circulating petitions to the get the party back onto the state ballot in 1992. Talking Points Memo interviewed three IAP members, including Janine Hansen, who described Angle's departure in 1997 as a strategic move in order to run for office.
Ira Hansen's critiques of the GOP sound much like those of their late father. In a 2014 interview, Ira claimed that it was Nevada Republicans who doomed Sharron Angle's run for the Senate, and joined radio host Janet Mefferd in bemoaning what they described as the party establishment's “leftward drift.”
Ira Hansen also appears to share their relative's views on state's rights and their admiration for Cliven Bundy—who gained notoriety after refusing to pay the fees for letting their cows graze on public land for decades, although the notoriety was short-lived after they made some incredibly racist comments on Fox News.
Janine Hansen welcomed Bundy into the IAP and described them as “her hero” in May, at an event honoring them for their “courage in standing up for state sovereignty.” Bundy spoke for more than a half hour, calling for states to take over the federal land within their boundaries, including national parks.
Ira Hansen joined several other Assembly members in calling for the Nevada Attorney General to conduct an investigation of the Bureau of Land Management following its standoff with Bundy. “Whatever Mr. Bundy's unfortunate comments [addressing the racist remarks] were, Mr Bundy is really not the issue per se,” Hansen told local news. “It was the overreaction by the Bureau of Land Management.”  They are a co-sponsor of a bill in the Assembly creating a task force to “conduct a study addressing the transfer of public lands from the Federal Government to the State of Nevada.”
Like Bundy, Ira Hansen has also been fighting authorities for decades.  They are a professional trapper and refuses to pay fines accumulated for violations to the Nevada Department of Wildlife. In this, Hansen echoes their Uncle Christopher who touts their refusal to file income taxes and made themselves “Presiding Sovereign” over a political-religious entity called “The First Christian Fellowship of Eternal Sovereignty.” The organization of about 650 “patriot saints” uses their “Testament of Sovereignty” to fight OSHA, the IRS, and other county, state, and federal entities.
In 2008, Ira Hansen and several relatives joined a local Nevada camp of the Sons of the Confederate Veterans (SCV), advertised as the largest SCV camp outside of the South. A 2009 SCV newsletter includes a reprint of a column by Hansen titled “The Confederate Battle Flag – Symbol of Manly Courage.” (The SCV newsletter points out that Hansen knows the Stars and Bars was not the Confederate battle flag, but that he's trying to connect with those not aware of this distinction.)
In the column Ira Hansen reveals they do their writing in a room adorned with a Confederate flag, but it's the following paragraph that confirms their allegiance to state's rights:
“Anyone who has read the Confederate Constitution, studied the Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions, read Calhoun's arguments on nullification and delved into the ideology behind the attempts at seceding knows the Southern position represents the original intent of the majority of our founding fathers. The death of the Confederacy was in fact the death of Federalism, the division of power between the equal States with a common, intentionally weak central government handling primarily the foreign affairs and general needs of this union of states known as the United States of America. By way of contrast, today, as Nevadans know oh so well, the central ‘Federal' government is an almost unbridled and an increasingly dangerous power, while the states have become practically impotent.”
Hansen also co-sponsored a 2001 bill in the State Assembly claiming state sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment, and demanding the federal government “cease and desist, effectively immediately, mandates that are beyond the scope of these constitutionally delegated powers.”
In a year when the party establishment was supposedly outflanking the Tea Party wing, Ira Hansen's rapid rise to prominence in the Nevada Republican Party indicates the ongoing appeal of the reactionary politics embraced by the Hansen family over the last half century.
For more on the growth of neo-Confederate ideology see Nullification, Neo-Confederates and the Revenge of the Old Right.
Shares of Lockheed Martin fell as President-elect Donald Trump tweeted that making F-35 fighter planes is too costly and that they will cut "billions" in costs for military purchases.
Lockheed makes the F-35 one-seat fighter aircraft for the U.S. and is a major defense contractor. The F-35 program made up 20 percent of Lockheed's total revenue last year.
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2016
This is the second time in a week that Trump has blasted U.S. aircraft spending. Last week, Trump tweeted that costs to build new presidential planes by Boeing Corp. were "out of control" and ended the tweet with "Cancel order!"
Representatives from Lockheed, based in Bethesda, Maryland, did not immediately have a comment.
Lockheed Martin Corp. shares fell 2.5 percent to $253 before the stock market open Monday.
Woman with birth control pills (Shutterstock)
Late Thursday night, the House of Representatives voted in favor of “H.J.Res. 43: Disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014.” If enacted, the legislation would make using employer-based health insurance for in vitro fertilization or birth control pills a fireable offense in Washington, D.C.
Planned Parenthood has been mobilizing its network against the bill. “Your boss shouldn't be able to fire you for using birth control,” the organization states.
Thursday's House floor debate kicked off after 9:00 PM. Before I entered the doors to the House Gallery, I complied with a police request to forfeit all my electronic devices. I inquired if I could get a press pass so I could take pictures. After a few radio calls, officials on the scene told me I could not have a press pass. So I relinquished my phone and proceeded to go in the Gallery anyway.
Before going through my second metal detector since entering the building, a police officer gave my purse a thorough examination. I had already put my purse through an x-ray machine.
When I entered the Gallery, Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) was imploring their Republican colleagues not to use the federal authority vested in them by people from other states to overturn local laws in Washington, D.C.
I sat down near D.C. voting rights activists who were attending the hearing and began to take notes on a steno pad. A congressional staffer came over and informed me I was not allowed to take notes.
I witnessed testimony from Representative Tammy Duckworth (D-IL), a combat veteran whose radiation exposure made it difficult to conceive a child. The Congresswoman recently gave birth; they believe in vitro fertility treatments made conception possible for them H.J.Res. 43, if enacted, would mean a boss who disagrees with in vitro fertilization could fire an employee for getting pregnant that way.
Also on the floor last night, Representative Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) dubbed H.J.Res. 43 “Hobby Lobby on steroids,” Representative Sheila Jackson Lee (D-TX) called for D.C. statehood from the house floor, and numerous Republicans defended “religious freedom.”
I left the hearing a little after 10:00 PM to find a place with CSPAN so I could actually take notes. By the time I got home, the House had voted in favor of H.J.Res. 43.
With support from 225 Republicans and 3 Democrats, the U.S. Congress moved to overturn a democratically enacted law in the District of Columbia for the first time in more than 20 years.
While members of Congress voted last night, Norton could only sit in the chamber and watch. Tweets Roll Call journalist Bridget Bowman:
DC's delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton sits in the chamber as other members vote to block DC law. Norton doesn't have a vote on the House floor
— Bridget Bowman (@bridgetbhc) May 1, 2015
H.J.Res. 43 now goes to the Senate for consideration.
Though its population is greater than that of either Vermont or Wyoming, Washington, D.C. (whose population is about 50 percent black) has limited presidential voting rights, no vote in Congress, and the inability to raise local revenues or pass local laws without Congressional permission.
For over a decade, for example, the U.S. Congress made it a federal crime for the D.C. government to spend locally-raised tax dollars for HIV prevention programming. Today, the District has one of the highest HIV rates in the nation.
Conservative members of Congress regularly engage in legislative hijinks to mess with D.C.'s gun laws.
In July, for example, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) inserted an amendment into the Bipartisan Sportsmen's Act would have mostly nullified gun control policies in D.C. (with carve outs for federal buildings, like the Capitol). If Paul had had their way, the U.S. Government would have had the following impacts on D.C. local laws: “repeal registration requirement, end the ban on semi-automatic rifles and high-capacity magazines, expand the right to carry guns outside the home and protect the right to carry guns on federal land in D.C. and elsewhere in the country. In essence, the bill would eliminate the District's local gun laws, leaving only federal firearms law to regulate gun ownership and use in the city.”
The federal government first permitted the District of Columbia to vote for its own mayor and city council in 1973.
By Chris Wright
Mmmm, can you just smell the oestrogen? More than 41,000 women and children filled the Sukru Saracoglu Stadium to watch Fenerbahce play against Manisapor last night, thanks to a pretty slick sanction placed on the club by the Turkish FA as punishment for several recent spates of crowd disturbance and supporter dickhead-ery
Originally, the powers that be ordered Fenerbahce to play their next two games behind closed doors, though the ruling was altered before the Manisapor game to allow only women and children under the age of 12 into the stadium to watch the match for free.
For which, Pies awards the Turkish FA one gold star. Well done chaps.
We've got a bit of footage from the game for your delectation too, just because…
http://youtu.be/aMTktrNz_LI
A mom has been reunited with their allegedly kidnapped kids via Facebook — but now they hate them The family's story is a disturbing example of the powers — and limits — of social networking.
Gillian Flaccus of the AP describes the ordeal of Prince Sagala, who says their now-estranged husband took their son and daughter to live in Mexico without their knowledge or consent in 1995, when they were toddlers. Police apparently did little to try to get the kids back, and Sagala eventually gave up and had more kids — who knew how to use Facebook. It was with their 12-year-old daughter's help that they found their missing daughter and son on the site. Authorities were then able to locate the kids and arrest their dad.
Advertisement
But now Sagala's daughter and son are furious. Them daughter had resisted Sagala's attempts to contact them via Facebook, saying, "A flower that was born in a forest can't live in the desert." Now, says Sagala,
They don't know me, their father's in jail. I guess they do blame me for this. They don't know the truth. I told her, you can see me right now, I'm not that person like what you thought for 15 years, like what your father told you.
And to make things even more complicated, Sagala faces domestic violence charges, meaning they can only have supervised visits with their older kids anyway. It's hard to say who's telling the truth here — it's possible that some of the "bad things" Sagala's husband told the kids about them are accurate. What sets this case apart from other custody battles, however, is the extent to which Facebook seemed like a solution to all of Sagala's problems — and the extent to which it wasn't. Kids taken out of the country used to disappear — so much so that airports sometimes require both parents' presence for kids to board international flights. A diligent kidnapper, sadly, can still hide a child from authorities, but absent efforts at concealment, the average teen's web presence is a pretty powerful tracer beacon.
Advertisement
But just because Sagala's daughter was on Facebook didn't mean they wanted to be found, and their story may illustrate some of the limits of the technology. As much as Facebook looks like an online directory of users' personal information, from favorite bands to party photos to the addresses of alleged kidnap victims, that's not how young people really want to use it. Much as the media may claim that "Generation Me" is cool with showing their credit card statements to the world, many people ultimately think of Facebook as a way to communicate with a select group of people. And although the site may lead to justice for Sagala and their husband, that's more of a bug than a feature — it exposed Sagala's kids to the one person they didn't want finding them. Sagala and their family have to figure out the personal implications of this — and the police responsible for the case should ask themselves why a social networking site did a better job than they did. But for Facebook, this story should be yet another reminder that young people expect a level of privacy they're not getting.
Case Of Kids Found On Facebook Revives Disputes [AP, via Brattleboro Reformer]
Earlier: Love, Loss, And What We Bought: The Internet Overshare Goes Commercial
QUOINE Corporation, the Singapore-based company which operates bitcoin exchanges in Asia today reported that they received the official license from the Japan Financial Services Agency (JFSA) for operating QUOINEX, a cryptocurrency exchange and bitcoin platform that was started up in May 2014.
Led by CEO Mike Kayamori, at its core, QUOINE is focused on stringent security measures on QUOINEX and prioritizes the safety of customers' assets. The company is registered in Singapore but does tons of bitcoin trading in Japanese yen-denominated accounts. As part of the licensing process, the company will maintain an office in Tokyo alongside its other locations in Singapore and Vietnam.
Since Japan's amended Payment Services Act came into effect on April 1st, 2017, QUOINE has worked closely with the Big Four audit and accounting companies, developing comprehensive AML countermeasures, internal audit, management systems, as well as communicating with the JFSA and Kanto Financial Bureau.
In addition, QUOINE has also received a comprehensive review from one of the Big Four companies as part of the licensing process.
Mike Kayamori, CEO, and Co-founder of QUOINE said:
“As the first global crypto fintech company to be fully licensed with the JFSA, we will keep on working hand in hand with regulators and other stakeholders towards the healthy development of the cryptocurrency industry within Japan and on a global scale.” “Protection of customers' assets is of the highest priority to us. With our JFSA license, this is a positive market signal that we are here to build a trusted exchange, with proper compliance measures in place to prevent security breaches and provide more asset protection for our customers.”
These are exciting times for the company with a lot of development, a few months ago QUOINE opened up a crypto to crypto only exchange called QRYPTOS, which has slowly but steadily increased their token listings.
QUOINE is in as good a position as any bitcoin and blockchain technology company operating in Asia. With the firm's global office in Singapore and having a focus on other markets besides China, they have a solid user base within the region with a building brand.
QUOINEX Japan in celebration of the approval news advertised they are going to be re-running a zero fee trading campaign starting today and to expire on October 31st, 2017 which applies to all BTC OTC and margin trading.
There you hear it… If you're out there and you're writing Ruby code and you have some influence, or you would like to share some influence back to Ruby, there is Matz's invitation to say that Ruby wouldn't be Ruby without you. So if you're listening to this and you're excited about these 23 years of history of this language and the future of this language, then you can be a future Matz. You need to step in and help mruby, step in and help Ruby, or however step in and share what you have back to Ruby and back to the community. Matz, I want to thank you so much for… I know English isn't your first language and I know that it's tiring to speak English as not your primary language, but I really appreciate you stepping out like this and sharing your story in your non-native language, because there are so many people out there who really care about you and care about your language, and about the future or programming and really appreciate the influence you've had on it. So to come on this show today and sit here with Jerod and I and share what you have, it's just an honor to talk to you like this and to get a chance to help you share this beautiful story of Ruby and this awesome history you had yourself.
With that we are going to close up this show, so listeners, thank you so much for listening to this show. If this is your first time listening to this show, *sad face*, go to changelog.com/podcast, and subscribe on iTunes or your podcast app. We also have two e-mails we ship out; one is called Changelog Weekly, so go to changelog.com/weekly. The other one is Changelog Nightly, and obviously that one's nightly, so go to changelog.com/nightly. Those are two awesome e-mails we ship out, that keep everyone up to date on what's fresh and new in open source. One is editorialized, one is nightly and is sort of the catch-all of everything that's interesting that's happening on GitHub. So if you wanna catch up and stay up, then go and subscribe to those. That is it for the show today, so fellas, let's say goodbye.
ESL has announced that it will create a Hall of Fame to honour those who have contributed the most to a wide range of esports games.
The first induction ceremony will be for Counter-Strike only and will take place as part of ESL One Cologne, scheduled for July 8-10, but in the future the Hall will include players from other titles, including Dota, League of Legends, Starcraft and a fighting game.
For a player to be inducted, they or they will need to have had "a career that is worthy of being inducted" and will have to be retired "for at least a year", ESL's Creative Producer, Ken "Hot_Bid" Chen, said in an interview with Yahoo Esports.
First induction ceremony will take place at ESL One Cologne
The nomination and the voting process will feature a panel of experts including "writers, commentators and experts" within each scene, Chen explained.
For now, the Hall of Fame will be restricted to the induction ceremonies, but ESL plans on creating a physical space where fans will be able to "go through the history of Esports" as if they were at a museum.
North Korea has been testing engines for an inter-continental ballistic missile, a US think-tank said Friday, as Pyongyang announced a top military reshuffle that coincided with signs of a looming nuclear test.
A North Korean Taepodong-class missile is displayed during a military parade in Kim Il-Sung square, Pyongyang on July 27, 2013
The US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University said satellite images of the North's Sohae rocket launch site suggested one "and maybe more" recent tests on the engine of what is probably the first stage of a road-mobile ICBM called the KN-08.
It was the latest in a series of similar tests -- dating back to mid-2013 -- on a missile with a targeted range of up to 11,000 kilometers (6,800 miles), the institute said on its closely followed website, 38 North.
"The next technically logical step... would be a flight test of the entire system," it said.
The successful test of an ICBM capable of reaching the continental United States would take the nuclear threat posed by the North to an entirely new level.
Experts believe three nuclear tests have brought the North closer to mastering the miniaturisation techniques required to place a nuclear warhead on a missile.
And there are signs it is preparing a fourth test, with multiple analyses of recent satellite images all noting stepped-up activity at the North's Punggye-ri nuclear test site.
"All these activities are consistent with the view that a (nuclear) test or tests will occur soon," the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security said in its latest assessment on Friday.
Missile delivery has often been cited as the main weakness of the North's nuclear weapons programme.
It has yet to test its medium-range Musudan missile with a range of up to 4,000 kilometers, let alone an ICBM.
In December 2012, it put a satellite in orbit with a rocket launch that was widely condemned as a disguised ballistic missile test.
That launch marked a significant step forward, but the rocket lacked the re-entry capability required of a functioning ICBM.
Models of the road-mobile KN-08 missile were displayed in North Korean military parades in 2012 and in July last year.
But several analysts ridiculed what they saw as crude mock-ups, with at least one respected aerospace engineer labelling them technically preposterous and a "big hoax".
- National priority -
If there is disagreement over how close the North might be to a reliable, working ICBM, there is no doubt that developing one remains a national priority under the leadership of Kim Jong-Un.
On Friday, the North announced that Choe Ryong-Hae -- widely seen as Kim's effective number two -- had been replaced as political chief of the military by Hwang Pyong-So.
"To all intents and purposes, this makes Hwang, who also has close personal ties to Kim Jong-Un, the second most powerful man in the country," said Michael Madden, author and editor of the NK Leadership Watch website.
Hwang's appointment came just days after KCNA reported their promotion to the rank of vice marshall on April 28 -- a rank shared with Choe and just four others.
It was not immediately clear what had become of Choe, who holds a number of other top positions and was recently appointed vice chairperson of the National Defence Commission.
There were multiple reports earlier this year that Choe had been arrested and possibly purged after they dropped from public view for three weeks -- an unusually long absence for such a senior figure.
Their reappearance in March, alongside Kim, led to speculation that their disappearance might have been due to health problems.
"I don't think we can say Choe has been purged, but he's clearly been moved aside, possibly for health or other reasons," said Yang Moo-Jin, a professor at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul.
Ranking the leadership is North Korea is often a matter of educated guesswork, given the complex official and personal networks that determine genuine power in Pyongyang.
"In one way, there is no real 'number two'," said Dan Pinkston, North East Asia Deputy Project Director with the International Crisis Group in Seoul.
"There's the number one, and then there's everybody else," they said.
A last-ditch ObamaCare repeal effort by Republicans was all but dead on Monday after Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE became the third Republican to oppose the measure.
Collins announced their opposition minutes after the Congressional Budget Office released an analysis predicting that millions would lose insurance under the proposal if it became law.
That was enough for Collins, who had long been seen as an almost certain ‘no' vote on the measure.
ADVERTISEMENT
They join Sens. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (Ariz.) and Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (Ky.) as GOP “no” votes. Republicans can only afford two defections and still muscle the bill through the Senate.
In a lengthy statement, Collins said the most recent ObamaCare repeal bill, which had been reshaped Sunday in an effort to win them over, “was as deeply flawed as its previous iterations.”
They cited the CBO's score as one of their reasons for opposing the legislation authored by GOP Sens. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (S.C.) and Bill Cassidy William (Bill) Morgan CassidyCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Ivanka Trump to meet with GOP senators to discuss paid family leave legislation Bipartisan senators ask industry for information on surprise medical bills MORE (La.), while also criticizing its cuts to Medicaid, its weakening of protections for people with preexisting conditions and predictions by insurers, hospitals and other groups that it would lead to higher premiums and less coverage for people.
Collins also decried a Senate process that they said had been rushed along.
“Sweeping reforms to our health care system and to Medicaid can't be done well in a compressed time frame, especially when the actual bill is a moving target,” said Collins, one of three Republicans along with McCain and Sen. Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (Alaska) to vote “no” on a previous slimmed-down ObamaCare repeal bill in July that appeared to end the debate.
“This is simply not the way we should be approaching an important and complex issue that must be handled thoughtfully and fairly for all Americans.”
It's not clear whether Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) will still try to hold a floor vote later this week, something some GOP donors and the White House may want to see just to get senators on the record.
“I think we're going to need to have a meeting of our conference tomorrow ... so we can kind of see where everybody is before there will be any news,” Sen. John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE (R-Texas) told reporters after a meeting in McConnell's office on Monday evening.
It's possible there could be more defections than just the three public GOP “no” votes, as Republicans in the center and on the right have both raised reservations about the measure.
Republicans last week said a vote on the Graham-Cassidy measure was possible, though another public failure on ObamaCare could hurt McConnell's caucus ahead of next year's midterm elections.
The push came as Republicans faced a Sept. 30 deadline for passing ObamaCare repeal under special budget reconciliation rules that prevent Democrats from launching a filibuster.
The pressure to take advantage of those rules, plus an opening on the Senate schedule created by a debt-and-spending deal between President Trump and congressional Democrats, created room for the health-care repeal push.
Republicans had also heard an earful from conservative activists disappointed that the GOP had failed to repeal ObamaCare even with the White House and Congress in its control.
Even with the GOP effort seemingly at death's door after McCain's announcement of opposition on Friday, emotions were high throughout the day with repeal opponents seeking to build the pressure.
Scores of protesters, many of them in wheelchairs, jammed the GOP's one-and-only hearing on the bill. Capitol Police had to drag some out of the hearing room.
Trump seems to sense the futility of the GOP effort.
“Looks like Susan Collins and some others who will vote against,” Trump said during an interview on the “Rick & Bubba” radio show on Monday. “We're going to lose two or three votes and that's the end of that.”
As criticism mounted over the weekend from health-care groups and senators, the bill's main sponsors, Sens. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) on Monday unveiled a revised version of the bill aimed at winning over Murkowski and Collins.
It kept the bill's basic structure of repealing ObamaCare and creating block grants to deliver health-care funding to states, but offered additional Medicaid funding to Alaska and Hawaii.
Still, Alaska would receive slightly less federal funding than under ObamaCare even with the changes.
Paul, at a press conference on Monday, called the offer extra money for specific states “unseemly” and doubled down on their opposition.
“This was thrown together in a slipshod way,” Paul said. “Who would say we're going to vote on a trillion dollars worth of grants without even the CBO looking at it or anybody else?”
Cassidy and other proponents acknowledged problems with the process surrounding the bill, but cast their effort as an improvement on ObamaCare that would deliver power to states.
“I don't defend this process,” Cassidy said at Monday's hearing, while blaming Democrats for a lack of cooperation throughout the year.
The CBO did not give a specific number of people who would lose coverage in its estimate, but said it would be in the “millions.”
The bill also would reduce deficits by more than $133 billion over 10 years, CBO found, clearing a hurdle in qualifying for special rules to avoid a filibuster.
As the Senate Finance Committee held its hearing Monday, Democrats criticized the effort, saying it was just for show.
Dozens of protesters arrived outside the hearing room as early as 5 a.m., nine hours before the hearing began.
Chants of “No cuts to Medicaid, save our liberty” rang through the halls, and could be heard through the hearing room during the initial testimony.
Press Releases, Travel & Local Attractions, Hot Spots & Night Life, Local News, Seasonal & Current Events, Others
By Long Island News & PR Published: November 10 2015
Girl Scouts of Suffolk County's Holiday Light Show is back for 2015! Now in its 12th dazzling year, visitors can drive a mile-long trail filled with beautiful holiday vignettes and displays in the picturesque woodlands ...
Suffolk County, NY - November 10, 2015 - Girl Scouts of Suffolk County's Holiday Light Show is back for 2015! Now in its 12th dazzling year, visitors can drive a mile-long trail filled with beautiful holiday vignettes and displays in the picturesque woodlands of Camp Edey in Bayport.
In keeping with its ticketing tradition, all tickets must be purchased in advance online. Choose your date and time to visit. Tickets will NOT be sold at the entrance of the show.
The magic runs from December 11 through December 23; daily from 5 to 9 pm. Cost is $20 per car. Purchase tickets by December 10 and save on the service fee. For more information, visit www.holidaylightshow.org, e-mail, or call (631) 543-6622.
“The Holiday Light Show is the perfect way for families to spend an evening together that's filled with holiday warmth and magic,” says Yvonne Grant, President & CEO of Girl Scouts of Suffolk County.
Top Sponsors for the 12th Annual Holiday Light Show include Capital One Bank, Empire National Bank, PSEG, Stony Brook Children's and National Grid. Top Media Sponsors include LongIsland.com and Cox Media Group 106.1BLI and WBAB.
Girl Scouts of Suffolk County is the largest youth-serving agency on Long Island. It serves more than 40,000 girls between the ages of 5 and 17, with the dedicated support of more than 9,000 volunteers. For more information about Girl Scouts, please call (631) 543-6622 or visit www.gssc.us.
The challenge to Richmond's board looks like fizzing out before a vote is taken. Not only has the club secured Neil Balme as general manager of football, but the Tigers have received a timely $1 million boost after Bingle agreed to extend its six-year uniform sponsorship of the club.
The Balme signing has taken the wind out the of sails of the rival "Focus on Football" ticket, which is trying to remove president Peggy O'Neal and their fellow directors.
Now insurance giant Suncorp confirmed that its Bingle brand will continue to sponsor the Tigers in 2017, ending months of negotiations. Bingle has been co-major sponsor of Richmond along with US car giant Jeep. Its contract expires in November, after six years on the back of the Tigers guernsey.
"Bingle is a proud sponsor of the Richmond Football Club and will continue to be for 2017 AFL season," said Suncorp spokesperson Jake Krausmann.
[Note: This is live on Steam now, and will appear on Humble later this evening.]
Today's update adds a new environment type, our fifth and final. As we promised way back in the mists of Kickstarter, we now have a biome type for each of the islands: Rural, fens, industrial, mountains and castle. The castle biome places a huge ruined tourist attraction across one part of the map – a familiar sight for people who live in certain parts of the UK!
Behold a video:
As such this update represents the marvelous conclusion of the major content updates for the alpha. We have another patch coming up to rejig some biome elements and add an end sequence, but this nevertheless delivers all the single-player content we'd planned and promised during our initial fund-raiser. It's a fine feeling to have come this far. But it is far from over! We need your feedback to continue the great dance of balancing and bug-stomping. So let us know what you find, over on the forums.
Changes
– NEW – The Castle Biome (New island option in world creation.)
– NEW – Soundtrack (Related audio slider in game options.)
– NEW – Menu scenes including the world's greatest menu pheasant.
– Scarecrow pathing reworked.
– Landowner collider altered to improve pathing.
– Squire audio altered to reflect movement.
Fixes
– Z-fighting on buildings and rock formations. (OMG!)
– Slagheaps no longer have paths over them in Industrial biomes.
– Fixed mesh combination at World Generation.
– Fixed information window and V/O playing on fire use.
– Pub sign taller to avoid collision with landscape and scenery.
– FOV pop on binocular equipping.
– Controller reworked in all menu situations.
– Fixed erroneous mouse inputs during menu use.
– Seabeast particle effect errors fixed.
– No more crashes on rider death.
Adding to an electrifying discovery made almost 40 years ago, researchers have uncovered a new set of footprints made by an early human ancestor that roamed Africa more than 3.6 million years ago.
Found in Laetoli, a renowned archaeological site in northeastern Tanzania, the 14 newfound footprints add to a set of 70 tracks uncovered in 1978 by paleontologist Mary Leakey. In all, the tracks are the oldest prints of their kind ever found, providing crucial evidence that walking on two legs was picked up early in the human lineage.
Spread out over an area three times bigger than an average parking space, the prints most likely belong to two individuals of Australopithecus afarensis, the hominin species most famously represented by the fossil known as “Lucy.” (Read more about how Lucy might have died.)
The footprints are among the many cultural treasures found in Tanzania, a country rich in ancient paleontological sites. Olduvai Gorge, some 20 miles to the northeast of Laetoli, famously harbored some of the earliest known human fossils.
Celebrating that heritage was the only reason the new prints were found at all: In 2015, Tanzanian archaeologists Fidelis Masao and Elgidius Ichumbaki, both of the University of Dar es Salaam, found the new footprints while evaluating the potential impacts of building a museum on the Laetoli site.
The pair then welcomed a team of Italian scientists to the site for further excavations. Tanzania's government publicly unveiled the footprints in July 2016, with the country's tourism minister serving as the guest of honor.
“When I was in Laetoli, I could not believe it,” says Marco Cherin, a paleoanthropologist at Italy's University of Perugia and a study co-author. “Fossils are completely different from an emotional point of view—you see the track of the passage of someone. You can read the behavior.”
Not a Walk in the Park
Paleoanthropologists are welcoming news of the latest set of footprints with open arms.
“I'm really excited about the fact that more footprints have been found at Laetoli,” says Briana Pobiner of the Smithsonian Institution's Human Origins Program, who wasn't involved with the study. “It's the oldest footprint site in human evolutionary history.”
What's more, one of the two newfound individuals' large strides suggest that they were more than 5.5 feet tall, making them one of the largest A. afarensis individuals yet identified. The find helps to bolster the argument that A. afarensis males and females had different body types, a trait called sexual dimorphism.
“It's not new in the sense of ‘A-ha!'” Pobiner says. “But it is interesting that one of the individuals does seem to be a larger male than had been represented in the Laetoli sample.”
However, deeper analysis of the newfound prints, published on December 14 in eLife, is somewhat controversial, in large part because of how the researchers are interpreting them.
View Images Another view of L8, one of the newly excavated areas at Laetoli bearing hominin footprints. Photograph by Raffaello Pellizzon
Cherin and their colleagues note that newfound footprints are in the same ash layer and orientation as the tracks found in 1978, suggesting both print sets are from the same group traveling across the landscape. According to Cherin, the newfound tracks were likely made within hours of the previously discovered prints.
The researchers argue that the footprints upend our understanding of the Laetoli group's social structure. Based on the prints' varying sizes, they capture the existence of one adult male—the large individual among the new prints—as well as two to three adult females and two to three juveniles.
Since they see a marked size difference between the adult male and the females, the team says that A. afarensis may have socially mirrored modern-day gorillas—with multiple females sharing one male mate. In other words, Laetoli could be an ancient snapshot of a gorilla-like group on the move.
“We are far from the traditional representation of the 1970s, with a couple of human-like Australopithecus, romantically walking arm in arm,” study co-author Giorgio Manzi, a paleoanthropologist at Italy's Sapienza University of Rome, writes in an email. “This old representation is probably misleading.”
Sizing Up the Science
But some outside researchers aren't completely sold. For one, it's extremely difficult to distinguish between adult females and large juveniles by footprints alone, says American Museum of Natural History paleoanthropologist William Harcourt-Smith—especially when working with only five individuals, as the team has at Laetoli.
“Let's just think of modern humans, and [distinguishing between the footprints of] a large 13-year-old boy and a 21-year-old woman,” says Harcourt-Smith. “Do we really have a strong take on that?”
View Images The original Laetoli footprints were found by a research team led by Mary Leakey, seen here with the footprints in this 1979 National Geographic photo. Photograph by Robert I.M. Campbell, Nat Geo Image Collection
In addition, Harcourt-Smith notes that it's impossible to say for sure that the two sets of tracks belong to the same social group.
Paleoanthropologist Owen Lovejoy of Kent State University, a member of the team that originally reconstructed Lucy's anatomy, agrees.
“The size variation they report has no bearing on sexual dimorphism, since we don't know the age of any of the footprint makers,” they write in an email. “The suggestion that somehow these five prints suggest a gorilla-like sexual strategy is—well, let me put it this way—nuts,” they write.
Still, Manzi and Cherin stand behind their interpretation, and they are already planning return trips to Laetoli to look for more prints.
“The footprints just published are simply what emerged from three small trenches,” writes Manzi. “There are certainly more tracks of this kind that are waiting for us to bring them to light.”
Apache Foundation bans use of Facebook BSD+Patents licensed libraries like React.js
The React.js Licensing has been a topic that pops up every once in a while. Now it seems that the Apache Foundation has taken a stance against using React.js and other popular software using this license.
Lastly the Facebook licensing that React is available under stirred controversy in July 2016. In short the license extends the common BSD license with some extensions that protect Facebook legally:
If you are using or considering using React in a project you might want to consult a lawyer. Because of the patent clause you are not allowed to do anything that constitutes as competing with Facebook. If you do take legal actions or in other ways challenge Facebook, your license to use React is immediately revoked.
-- Your license to use React.js can be revoked if you compete with Facebook
Now, a year after this the license is again making headlines on Hacker News. In a JIRA ticket discussing patents, the end game is that Apache Foundation Legal makes the following recommendations against the license:
No new project, sub-project or codebase, which has not used Facebook BSD+patents licensed jars (or similar), are allowed to use them. In other words, if you haven't been using them, you aren't allowed to start. It is Cat-X.
If you have been using it, and have done so in a *release*, you have a temporary exclusion from the Cat-X classification thru August 31, 2017. At that point in time, ANY and ALL usage of these Facebook BSD+patents licensed artifacts are DISALLOWED. You must either find a suitably licensed replacement, or do without. There will be NO exceptions.
Any situation not covered by the above is an implicit DISALLOWAL of usage.
ASF projects not allowed to use Facebook licensed software
Category-X, is defined as "licenses that may not be included within Apache products", and currently lnclude GNU GPL, GNU LGPL, BCL, BSD-4-Clause, Microsoft Limited Public License and others. A comprehensive list of prohibited licenses is available on the Apache Foundation site: https://www.apache.org/legal/resolved.html#category-x
This specific ticket is addressing RocksDB, a database engine from Facebook. In fact, RocksDB is already in the process of changing licensing to Apache 2.0. React.js is a separate project and it seems that FB is intent on keeping the patent clause for it. For the interested, there is a separate ticket on ASF JIRA for Clarifying React.js usage.
While commercial entities are now comfortable with using React licensed code in products, it seems the open source communities still are weary of this peculiar licensing which Facebook has been defending and clarifying over time. Still, many popular open source projects like WordPress continue to promote React, even though WordPress has it's own share of patent controversy over MIT.
So in case you were looking for popular ASF projects like Solr or other Apache projects to use React for their UI, it might be a long time coming. Luckily React itself is no longer unique in itself, and project can use the ideas popularised by React with liberally licensed alternatives such as Preact or Inferno, which don't come with the Patent Rider of React.
8 Bit Forward :: Articles Tweet Share | Community: Finding the Best Mario Kart | Round 7
Which is your preferred version of Mario Kart? Mario Kart Double Dash!! 16% [ 5 ] Mario Kart 8 84% [ 26 ] Total Votes : 31
Author Message Professor Clayton
Posts : 1108
Points : 65
Join date : 2014-03-23
Admin1108652014-03-23
2014 12 22 Community: Finding the Best Mario Kart | Round 7
The Finals are Upon us!
It's been a long road, ladies and gentlemen. Throughout 4 qualifer votes and two more semifinals, you've narrowed the choice for best Mario Kart down one by one. In one corner, we have the much beloved Mario Kart Double Dash!! of the Gamecube era. In the challenger's corner we have Mario Kart 8, coming strong out of the gate despite the Wii U's low installation base.
Double Dash!! was one of the highlights of the Gamecube for many, and provided countless hours of multiplayer karting mayhem for all. Having two players in one Kart is territory no other game in the series has even tried to replicate, and along with the 20 fantastic courses found within, Double Dash!! has been sweeping up votes left and right in our polls.
Meanwhile, Mario Kart 8 takes everything from previous Mario Karts and attemps to make them all bigger and better. It succeeds on every point- more courses, more racers, karts, modes, all except for a disappointing lack of Battle Mode courses. But with DLC released and more coming, there are plenty of extras in the game to satisfy almost anyone.
Now it is time to cast your vote, to decide the answer to the question we've all been dying to know, "Which is the best Mario Kart game?" We'll bring you the results in a week once the poll closes, and even throw in some voting statistics to see which titles performed the best and the worst. It's been a long road, ladies and gentlemen. Throughout 4 qualifer votes and two more semifinals, you've narrowed the choice for best Mario Kart down one by one. In one corner, we have the much beloved Mario Kart Double Dash!! of the Gamecube era. In the challenger's corner we have Mario Kart 8, coming strong out of the gate despite the Wii U's low installation base.Double Dash!! was one of the highlights of the Gamecube for many, and provided countless hours of multiplayer karting mayhem for all. Having two players in one Kart is territory no other game in the series has even tried to replicate, and along with the 20 fantastic courses found within, Double Dash!! has been sweeping up votes left and right in our polls.Meanwhile, Mario Kart 8 takes everything from previous Mario Karts and attemps to make them all bigger and better. It succeeds on every point- more courses, more racers, karts, modes, all except for a disappointing lack of Battle Mode courses. But with DLC released and more coming, there are plenty of extras in the game to satisfy almost anyone.Now it is time to cast your vote, to decide the answer to the question we've all been dying to know, "Which is the best Mario Kart game?" We'll bring you the results in a week once the poll closes, and even throw in some voting statistics to see which titles performed the best and the worst. Share this post on:
Page 1 of 1
Permissions in this forum: You cannot reply to topics in this forum
8 Bit Forward :: Articles 8 Bit Forward :: Articles Jump to: Select a forum | |--Articles |--8 Bit Challenge League | |--8 Bit Challenge League | |--Nintendo Gaming | |--Wii U | |--Wii U eShop | |--3DS | |--3DS eShop | |--Nintendo NX | |--Off Topic | |--Other Gaming | |--General Discussion | |--Hall of Fame | |--Game Creation Forum |--8 Bit Forward Game Creation
— Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went on a Twitter rant against Fox News' Megyn Kelly and pollster Frank Luntz following Thursday night's GOP presidential debate.
Kelly and Trump mixed it up when they asked Trump about their calling “women you don't like ‘fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals.'”
Trump didn't deny it. And when Kelly was undeterred by their attempt to laugh off their question with a joke about comedian Rosie O'Donnell, they fired back.
“I don't frankly have time for total political correctness,” Trump said. “And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either.”
RELATED: 92-Year-Old Registers To Vote For First Time To Cast Them Ballot For Trump
Overnight on Twitter, Trump said that Kelly “bombed” as a moderator.
“Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on Twitter! Funny to watch,” Trump tweeted.
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on Twitter! Funny to watch. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2015
Trump added that Kelly, along with moderators Bret Baier and Chris Wallace, were not very professional.
“I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!” they stated.
RELATED: Sen. Cardin Talks Trump Poll Numbers, Twitter Feud
Trump even retweeted a post that referred to Kelly as a “bimbo.”
The billionaire also lashed out at Luntz after getting a poor review from a focus group following the debate. Trump referred to Luntz as a “low-class snob” and a “joke.”
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now they pick anti-Trump panels! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2015
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2015
On “CBS This Morning” Friday, Luntz said they saw “total destruction of a candidacy” in Trump's debate performance.
RELATED: Report: Bill Clinton Called Donald Trump Before Presidential Announcement
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
SALEM -- Oregon senators approved a bill Wednesday that would ban smoking in a car when anyone under 18 is present.
, sponsored
and led it to a vote. While no organized group lobbied against the bill, it drew criticism from Senate Republicans who saw it as an example of “nanny state” regulation.
But Steiner Hayward, a physician, said the bill was about child safety. Second hand smoke swells in the rear seat of cars while drivers puff -- right where kids sit. That argument found favor with the chamber, which backed the measure 19-10.
Now the bill heads to the House,
. The bill is unlikely to come to a vote quickly, but its chances in the House seem as good or better today as they did then.
, who voted against the 2009 ban, urged the Senate Judiciary Committee to pass Steiner Hayward's bill in February.
"We almost universally recognize the danger of second-hand smoke," Thompson wrote. "Why is it that we can continue to subject young children, who have no means of escape, to concentrated smoke?"
If the bill becomes law, cops couldn't pull over drivers for smoking, but could cite them if they were stopped for other traffic infractions and caught puffing with anyone under 18 in the car. The penalty would be a fine up to $250 for the first offense and $500 after that.
The bill isn't limited to tobacco, so smoking marijuana or cloves would be out, too.
, said they worried about government restrictions on personal freedom.
“Nanny state bills are a real problem in this building,” Girod said. But in the end, they voted yes, arguing that kids have no choice over whether their parents light up.
But the argument didn't sway
. They said the bill went too far.
“How dare the government tell me what I can do in my car,” said Kruse.
, said they were torn, but eventually decided to vote no. They worried passage of this bill would mark the beginning of a chain of regulations targeting behavior.
“What about the Super Big Gulp? What about the trips through the McDonald's drive through?” Starr asked.
Steiner Hayward said they didn't foresee the Oregon Legislature going down that road.
“There is a safe level of fast food,” Steiner Hayward said. “There is no safe level of second hand smoke.”
Anyone remembers Giants: Citizen Kabuto? I do. In the multiplayer mode you could choose from 3 sides of the conflict, and one of them was like a monster that could grow and become stronger after eating enough. The rest of the classes were pretty much like soldiers. The monster was called Kabuto and there could be only one in a match, so it's pretty much a scenario when a group of soldiers fights/hunt one monster. Of course Kabuto was far from being defenceless.Turtle Rock is developing a very similar scenario in their game. They keep saying it's going to be a new kind of multiplayer experience, but I think it has already been done in the Giants: Citizen Kabuto game... Well never mind, because it does sound like a very cool idea for a game.It is going to be a sci-fi shooter with main focus on the multiplayer. As human you'll get to choose from: Assault, Medic, Support and Trapper, and of course each class has their individual skills, like aiding other players with additional health or a shield. The maps are supposed to be big and opened, just like in the Citizen Kabuto game. The monster will be able to feed itself, which will make them bigger and stronger, also like in the Citizen Kabuto game.Lately there have been some first screenshots out, so lets take a look:
Speaking on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” on Thursday, Paul argued that the American people might finally be ready to pay attention to the message he's been pushing for years.
“Time has changed — and if it is true that [voters] are coming my way, I tell you what, we have a solid base,” Paul said. “The country has changed, dramatically different compared to four years ago. Think about the success we've had with the Federal Reserve. Bernanke has to go out in front of press conferences — they're on the defensive now.”
“The movement is in our direction — you talk about the failure of the Fed,” they continued. “This is significant. They don't have any cards left to play, this whole economy has no cards left to play.”
Paul also said that the media and political establishment are dismissing their campaign because they're afraid of their attacks on the status quo.
They cited the media coverage surrounding rival Herman Cain's Florida straw poll win versus media coverage for one of their straw poll wins.
“The week where [Cain] really soared and was on the news constantly, they won a straw vote in Florida and it was on the news constantly,” Paul said. “That same week I won the straw vote in California — zero coverage.”
“I'm attacking the status quo like never before,” they said. “I mean the whole entitlement system, and I think there's a whole lot of support out there for what I'm talking about and they realize that and they're not going to give me a boost because I'm challenging the whole banking system, the military industrial complex, the welfare state, our foreign policy. I want to go back to following strictly the Constitution.”
GETTY The US is set to bolster its facilities in South Korea
In a statement, the Department of Defence said: “Gilbane Federal [of] Concord, California was awarded a $133.4 million… contract for the construction of two facilities: US Forces Korea Operations Centre, and Phase III Facility at US Army Garrison Humphreys.” Construction is expected to be completed by May 2, 2020, as the US tries to bolster its influence in the region.
The news comes after US Vice President Mike Pence said their country's "era of strategic patience" with North Korea is over during a visit to the Korean demilitarised zone (DMZ). The US and South Korea have vowed to work together to quell the threat from North Korea, which has increased substantially in recent weeks as the international community becomes increasingly concerned by Kim Jong-un's nuclear capabilities.
America and South Korea prepare for war against North Korea Tue, April 11, 2017 U.S. and South Korean marines participate in the endurance exercise in temperature below minus 20 degrees celsius under a scenario to defend the country from any possible attacks from North Korea. Play slideshow 1 of 22
China and the US are also hoping discuss the best way of reducing the threat from North Korea, although officials in Beijing are unhappy at the prospect of the US anti-missile defence system THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defence) being deployed in South Korea. Last month, China's ambassador to the UN Conference on Disarmament in Geneva said their country firmly opposed the deployment of THAAD “and will take necessary measures to defend our own security interests”. Fu Cong added: “All parties concerned should work together for the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and its peace and stability.”
GETTY There have been a number of protests in South Korea about the deployment of THAAD
THAAD has a range of 130 miles and can reach an altitude of 90 miles, and is designed to shoot down short and medium-range ballistic missiles. South Korea's Disarmament ambassador Kim Inchul said: “THAAD is purely defensive. It is the only defence measure we can take facing the massive threat posed by North Korea.”
GETTY The USS Carl Vinson was recently deployed close to the Korean shore as tensions in the region rise
Photo: Marcel Thomas/Getty Images
Normally, Louis C.K.'s adorable TV daughter Jane is the best. They bust thieves, complains about injustice, and always shoots straight, even if it's rarely what their father wants to hear. (Back in season two, they explained sweetly, “I like Mama's better because they make good food and I love them more so I like being there more.”) So when Jane stepped off the subway train all alone during last night's episode, “Elevator,” and even though I know Louie is not the kind of comedy in which something really bad would happen to her, the panic was real. Ursula Parker, the 10-year-old actor who plays Jane, called Vulture after school last week to talk about what it's like working on the show and tell us what the only acceptable time to jump off a subway car is. They also talked about their violin- (and lyre-) playing, Jane's psychological state, that one time they made a movie with Channing Tatum, and the surprise ending of Divergent.
Are you still in school or are you done for the year?
I'm still going to school. We recently had the Agora, which is an ancient Greek kind of marketplace thing. It was really fun. I played the lyre and I was an ancient Greek musician!
You played the lyre?
I just learned. It's pretty easy! We also did a movie about the wanderings of Odysseus. It was our project, and I love it. I love ancient Greece. It's very interesting and mystical. It was almost like a film, actually. I was Athena and Polyphemus, which is a scary cyclops [laughs].
Which did you prefer?
I loved both of them. Athena was nice because they were a goddess, and it was so funny because I was in full costume and everything. And then I was Polyphemus, and I had a little cyclops mask that I made myself out of cardboard.
Was it scary?
Actually, yes! I creeped up on some of my classmates and they were shrieking.
I really like your work on Louie. Are you allowed to watch your scenes?
I'm allowed to definitely watch my scenes, but only my scenes.
What did you think about Jane getting off the subway?
What in general Jane does is a bit unusual and even a little insane. It makes them sort of colorful, complex, and even mysterious! I love playing them They aren't boring and predictable. She's definitely not afraid to be different.
Did Louis tell you anything about why Jane did that?
Louis didn't really tell me. There were a lot of logistics involved with closing the doors and everything. Personally, I think Jane is growing up and she's questioning reality and asking, “Am I in a dream? What's real?”
Is that something you do?
No, I usually forget my dreams. I rarely remember them.
It made me nervous when they got off the train. You would never do that in real life, right?
Oh, no, no. Actually me and my mom have the same subway rules! I would never jump off a train like that. That's just something I would not normally do. Unless there's a fire on the subway or something.
Later in the episode when Jane goes to their mom's, she's singing to a stuffed animal. What was that song?
I actually wrote that song. It's one of the songs I created on GarageBand. I liked it because I think the lyrics nicely complimented the scene. It's about basically doing what you're not supposed to do, because you're not supposed to jump off a subway. The name of the song is called “What to Do.”
Did you write it for the episode, or had Louis heard you singing it before?
No, they asked me to sing something to the animal and I thought, Oh, I'll sing my song! I wrote it as a little GarageBand experiment on my iPad. It was definitely not written for the episode.
What did they say when you sang it? Was they impressed?
Yeah, definitely. I think they loved the song, personally.
Jane is pretty funny. What do you think is the silliest thing Louis has asked you to do on the show?
Probably putting my leg behind my neck, for like no reason, in the episode “Moving” in season two.
Did they know you could do that?
I'm very flexible. Since I was really little I was always really flexible. They saw me stretch and I was like, “Oh, yeah, I'll do that!” I can put my leg up and behind my neck. I can actually put both legs behind my neck, but I can't walk on my arms yet.
Are you practicing that?
Yeah, I'm going to try to do that actually. Walk on my arms while my two legs are behind my neck. I don't think it's quite possible yet.
Do you have a good time making the show?
Definitely. If I had to pick my favorite scene, it's probably from this season. I really love the unusual development of my character and all the interesting psychological things.
Psychological things?
Uh-huh! [Laughs] Spoilers!
What do you call Louis? Louis or Mr. C.K.?
Everyone calls them Louis, so I do, too.
Do you get a lot of adults asking you what he's like?
Oh, yeah, definitely. A lot of adults always ask me, “What's they like?” I like them because they have a very clear idea of what they want. They also pay great attention to detail, which I think is very important. They wear many hats on the show and he's mostly seriously focused when they work. I love that they do not generally sugarcoat comments. And I like that they don't treat me like a baby. A lot of adults don't know how to relate to children. They either treat you like you're 5 or like you're 50. Maybe because they have their own kids they know how to relate to us.
So they give it to you straight when you're doing something wrong.
Exactly, and they say it in a nice way, too.
My favorite scene of yours is when Jane is playing the violin and Louis tells them to stop it.
That scene was hilarious. Oh, and by the way, regarding the violin-playing, stay tuned!
Will there be more?
Ummm, maybe!
Have you ever been yelled at for playing the violin?
No, no.
Only Louis would do that.
Yeah, it was supposed to be funny!
When did you start playing the violin?
I started when I was 3. When I was 2 years old, I had this fascination with playing the violin. I had this little music group and I looked at this picture on the wall and thought, Violin! I wanna do that! I started with the Suzuki Program, which welcomed younger kids. I was working on one piece for the whole year actually. You start with rulers and pencils and stuff, not even the real violin. For my first concert, it was funny because I was looking at the audience the entire time and at the end my teacher had to drag me off of the stage. I've loved performing since I was really little!
Do you have a favorite composer or kind of music?
I like all sorts of stuff. I like Vivaldi and Mozart, all sorts of pop music to happy songs to Katy Perry. Everything, I like everything. All sorts of classical stuff and contemporary stuff. I love music, period. I like ancient Greek things now too! I like the Seikilos song. It's an epitaph. I was actually performing it today with my lyre. It's the oldest song ever found in the whole entire world.
Do you remember why you wanted to act?
Yeah, I remember, it was never my or my parents' intention to pursue acting. I was in this little talent show playing the violin and an agent approached us. I began acting and I discovered I loved it, so I continued. And I think playing the violin is very similar to acting. They both deal with performance and expression and interpretation, sometimes even improvisation.
A lot of the movies you've been in are for adults. Do you get to any of those?
Yeah, definitely, even though it means that my parents need to cover my eyes and ears sometimes. I've seen Straight A's, Cold Comes the Night, and recently I've shot more movies that I'll be able to see like Explosion, Lost in Austin, and Bad Boys Crazy Girls.
Do you remember working with Channing Tatum and Katie Holmes in The Son of No One?
It was a long time ago, but they were both extremely thoughtful.
Did they hang out with you?
Oh, yeah. Katie was very caring and Channing was super exciting. I remember them holding me upside down between the scenes to keep me entertained, and I loved it.
I read you've played violin on Sesame Street, too.
I don't 100 percent remember, but I think it was an episode called “Great Vibrations” with Bob, Abby, and Grover. I played Mozart and introduced the violin to children.
I wish I could find that on YouTube.
I actually haven't seen it either. I don't generally watch too much TV. I like movies, especially movies based on books, like Divergent.
Oh, you've seen that?
Yeah, I read all those. I read The Hunger Games. And I started Harry Potter. And I heard Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is going to be filmed. I'm hoping it's gonna be really good!
How did you like Divergent?
I was obsessed with it for a long time. Like really obsessed with it, for at least a two- or three-month phase! I was really into it.
Did you read all three books or just the first one?
Uh-huh, definitely all three books.
What did you think of the ending?
Yeah, it was so sad. I did not expect that. Then at the end I realized, it's written from two perspectives! I thought it was really interesting, I loved it. I also read the second book in Miss Peregrine, it's called Hollow City, and the ending will really surprise you.
You think I should read that series?
You should. They're really, really, really good. Read the first one and then the second one and you will be amazed. There's also black-and-white photographs in it, which makes it really interesting. It's like a documentary of this fictional world. And literally every single sentence is like, “Oh, my God!”
To many the goat has a reputation for eating anything. This is not really correct. They are very inquisitive animals and will try nibbling many things, but not really intending to eat them. The washing on the line has been referred to many a time but if left to “eat” what was on the line, they would infact pull it off and trample into the ground at most.
Goats do have a very wide range of plants and trees which are palatable to them. There is also an extremely wide range of plants and trees which are poisonous if eaten. This is where the problems can come, for they will show interest in most vegetation and the poisonous things, to their peril, they may eat. We have seen a goat snatch at foxglove and then promptly spit it out. Did it have an unpleasant taste or did the goat know it was poisonous. Only the goat knew the answer.
Some plants & trees which goats love to eat and are safe to do so.
Ash (take care not to feed the keys).
Brambles (useful if goat is scouring).
Hazel. Hawthorne. Holly (NEVER the berries)
Ivy (NEVER the berries or flower)
Maple (not to many keys)
Oak but NEVER use oak apples or acorns. A few oak leaves are fine but do remember Oak is binding, so some leaves are very good for a scouring goat.
Willow, all types. A very popular tree of which the bark is also very desirable.
Bindweed. Bladder Campion. Chickweed. Chicory.
Clover, red more popular than white.
Common Nettle. Common Thistle.
Cowslip. Dandelion. Docks Fat Hen. Goose Grass (Cleavers) Groundsel.
Heather or Ling. Hedge Parsley. Hogweed.
Knapweed. Lady's Slipper. Ragged Robin. Red Canpion. Red Dead Nettle.
Shepherd Purse. Silverweed. Sow Thistle.
Vetch, tufted, meadow & bush.
Wild Carrot. Wild Chervil. Wild Sanfoin. Wild Thyme. Willow Herb. Yarrow.
Some plants & trees which should be avoided.
Alder (causes scouring). Aconite. Anemone. Arum. Azela.
Bracken. Broom. Buckthorn. Butterbur.
Buttercup (in excess). Box. Briony.
Celandine. Charlock. Cypressus.
Daffodil. Dog's Mercury. Foxglove.
Fool's Parsley. Fungi. Gladiolus. Gourds. Ground Ivy.
Helleboure. Holm Oak. Horsetail (Mare's tail).
Iris. Juniper. Knotgrass. Knotweed.
Laburnum (all parts deadly). Laurel (all types). Lilac. Lupin
Marsh Mallow. Mugwort. Mulleins.
Old Man's Beard. Pine. Poppy. Potato Haulms. Privet
Ragwort. Rhubarb. Rush. Spindle (all parts) Tansey Thorn Apple
Tomato plants. Tormentil. Traveller's Joy.
Probably the most dangerous of all is Rhododendron and lethal if not treated quickly. It's one of the few things that will kill a goat very quickly and is very difficult to treat. Rhododendrons and other ornamental plants including azaleas, golden chain, and other landscaping shrubs, flowers, and bulbs are extremely poisonous to goats. Even a few Rhododendron leaves can kill a goat. This includes dried and old leaves. To be safe–make sure your children, neighbors, and children's friends know not to feed your goats anything over the fence – the rule of thumb being, if you are not sure, then do not feed.
If you suspect your goat has eatern something harmful, call your vet immediately and describe the symptoms. Ask the vet if you can administer an antitoxin paste containing activated charcoal to neutralize poison until they arrive. This can be the difference between life and death, especially when they've eaten something deadly like Rhododendrons.
Maybe you've seen the recent video that purports to show "what actually happens when gay guys see other gay guys and straight people aren't around." While I can't confirm or deny the accuracy of the clip's subject matter (still waiting on clearance from the Gay Agenda), I can say that its comedy is rooted in a rich history of signaling, flagging, and other forms of non-verbal communication between gay men.
The video finds actors/comedians Brian Jordan Alvarez, Stephen Guarino, and Mitch Silpa running into one another in their apartment building's stairwell.
Upon recognizing one another's gayness, and realizing they're in a space utterly devoid of heterosexuality, the three men launch into some light runway…
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
…'80s face-modeling 101…
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
…catalog coat-hanging…
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
…and low-key Bernadette-ery…
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
…with a collective "Brunch!" at the end.
The underlying tension of the scene stems from the idea that these men are only free—or perhaps safe—to unleash their purest gay selves in the company of others like them. Feminine mannerisms might be accepted within the confines of the stairwell, but those pursed lips, popped hips, and fingers allongés could compromise the guys' safety in the outside world.
"As a rule, any activity that can be construed as 'performing' will turn out to be risky business as a man," David M. Halperin writes in How to be Gay. Because masculinity is the only "natural and authentic identity" in a patriarchal society, expressing one's femininity is viewed as a performance on top of that state of being. A feminine "performance" can prove dangerous for men, regardless of sexuality, just as failing to sufficiently "perform" femininity can prove dangerous for women.
Advertisement
(Actually, a woman's feminine "performance" can also be used against her—see knee-jerk questions about rape victims like "What was they wearing?"—so I guess the world's just a hostile place for women, or anyone who invokes femininity, period.)
The need to navigate one's identity through different social situations, mixed with the desire for recognition, has led gay men (and women, obviously, but this article is focused on the male side of this phenomenon) to develop subtle, often wordless methods of communication with others in the know.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Some of these systems have been historically used to broadcast sexual desires, like the hanky code, which saw its peak usage in the 1970s and '80s. Men who participated in this form of flagging placed differently colored handkerchiefs in the back pockets of their pants: the left side for dominant sexual partners (tops) and the right side for submissive sexual partners (bottoms).
Here's an example: let's pretend that the red hat in Bruce Springsteen's back-right pocket on the cover of Born in the U.S.A. is actually a red handkerchief.
Advertisement
According to this hanky-code chart, the color red pertains to fist-fucking. And a handkerchief worn in the right-back pocket connotes a submissive sexual role. Therefore, on the cover of their 1984 album, Bruce Springsteen would be flagging that they want to be fist-fucked; Q.E.D.
Gay men have historically used clothing to signal identities outside of sexual contexts, as well. In Gay New York, George Chauncey cites red neckties as one of the major "fairy" signifiers of the 1890s, and in the 1930s there was "practically a homosexual monopoly" on dark brown and gray suede shoes in the 1930s.
Hairstyles and slang have also been used to similar effect. Physical mannerisms, too.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
So, why do gay men continue to create and cultivate these systems of mostly non-verbal communication with each other?
I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that gayness doesn't come with inherited physical traits or other visible identifiers on the body; we're forced to create our own. These signals allow us to recognize one another in a crowd full of straight people, and, on the flip side, they allow that crowd to recognize us, to see us in the full Na'vi sense of the word.
Advertisement
In closing: brunch. You know what I'm talking about. Oel ngati kame. I see you.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Bad at filling out bios seeks same.
(Reuters) - Software produced by Microsoft Corp has been acquired by entities in Russia and Crimea that are subject to sanctions barring companies based in the United States from doing business with them.
FILE PHOTO: A Microsoft retail store is shown at a shopping mall in San Diego, California, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
The products in each case were sold via third parties and Reuters has found no evidence that Microsoft sold products directly to firms or organizations hit by the U.S. sanctions.
Below is a selection of some of the transactions involving Microsoft products and sanctioned firms and bodies, based on state procurement data:
ALMAZ-ANTEY
Russian state-owned airspace and defense corporation Almaz–Antey bought more than 500 Microsoft products between autumn 2014 and spring 2017. Those transactions included the purchase and delivery of eight Microsoft Windows Open License Program (OLP) Server licenses for NPO Almaz, a division of Almaz-Antey. The licenses were sold by Moscow-registered company Syssoft, which is mentioned among Microsoft partners on Microsoft's website.
Neither Almaz-Antey nor Syssoft responded to requests for comment.
Almaz-Antey was added to the U.S. government's “specially designated nationals” list in July 2014. The firm manufactures the BUK surface-to-air missile. Dutch prosecutors say that a BUK missile, launched from a site in eastern Ukraine controlled by Moscow-backed separatists, brought down Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 as it flew from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur in July 2014. All 298 people on board were killed. Russia denies that it or pro-Moscow rebels were responsible.
KRYM HEALTH RESORT
The “Krym” health resort, in Crimea, owned by the Russian Defence Ministry, in March 2017 acquired 109 Microsoft OLP Windows Server and SQLServer licenses, according to the data-base. The resort bought the software from the firm Nash Parus, registered in Simferopol in Crimea. The resort declined to comment, and the two vendor firms did not respond to requests for comment.
BELOGORSKY DISTRICT ADMINISTRATION
The administration of Crimea's Belogorsky District in December 2015 acquired 155 Windows licenses. Eighty were OLP Windows Server licenses, and the rest were Full Packaged Product (FPP) licenses, which are sold off-the-shelf and do not require details of the license holder to be registered. The vendor was a firm called Positronika Integratsiya. The administration and the vendor did not respond to requests for comment.
NPO BAZALT
NPO Bazalt, a Russian state arms manufacturer acquired 101 Windows Server licenses in August 2016. The vendor was Moscow-registered firm OOO Ifrit. The procurement documents do not specify if the products were Open License Programs. The delivery of the Microsoft products to Bazalt was confirmed to Reuters by a participant in the deal. Bazalt was added to the U.S. government's “specially designated nationals” list in July 2014.
Neither Bazalt nor Ifrit responded to Reuters requests for comment.
GLAVGOSEXPERTIZA
State agency Glavgosexpertiza bought 180 Microsoft server licenses in August 2017. The supplier was a company called OOO Nautilius. The products were Open License Programs. The agency was added to Washington's “specially designated nationals” list in September, 2016. The U.S. government cited the firm's role reviewing project documentation for the Kerch Bridge, being built by Moscow to connect the Crimean peninsula to Russia. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko last month ordered their government to sue Russia over construction of the bridge.
When contacted by Reuters, Glavgosexpertiza replied via email that “the company operates within the Russian legal framework”, including on major transactions. Reuters was unable to contact the supplier, Nautilius.
There's something wrong in the film business today, yet no one dares speak of it — until today. Though it may jeopardize my own flailing career, I've courageously decided to expose an industry-wide crisis. To put the problem in perspective, we'll need to rewind to film's golden era. Let's start with two films that are widely considered classics: Lawrence of Arabia and Citizen Kane. They're certainly great movies, as evidenced by their black-and-whiteness, but look closely at their respective posters — you'll notice something strange: Arabia, the three-hour-and-36-minute David Lean epic was produced by Sam Spiegel, while Orson Welles produced the two-plus-hour Kane, which they also wrote and directed. I'm sure there were actors and cinematographers and other people who did stuff to help make these films — but only one producer for each movie? How is it possible that just two people could be responsible for nearly 6 hours worth of classic film?
Did I mention that I'm a producer? Let's fast-forward to a modern classic: The Chronicles of Riddick, the only film so far (but hopefully not the last) to star Dame Judi Dench opposite Sir Vin Diesel. Sleek heros, tough bald guys, and your garden-variety post-apocalyptic mayhem: Everything one could want in a cinematic experience, minus any redeeming value or quality. How many producers were responsible for this wondrous film? 8. (Budget: $110 million; final gross: $57 million.)
How about Suspect Zero, a mishmash starring another royal dome, Sir Ben Kingsley? Its plot concerns a guy who can see serial killers and, um, do something before they — hell, I won't pretend I've seen the movie. But neither has anyone else. The number of producers responsible for this 99-minute concoction: a mere 12. (Budget: $27 million; Final gross: $8 million.)
Lest you think these are isolated incidents, check out the number of names listed for this year's not-quite-an-Oscar-contender Salvation Boulevard: 24. (Budget: $6 million; Total gross: $7,208.) What happened in those 63 years, besides an outbreak of bad taste? Credits, credits, and more credits: Producers taking credit for things they may or may not have done, and non-producers getting credit for things they wouldn't begin to understand how to actually do.
Over the years, people have tried to regulate these things, as the situation has clearly gotten out of hand. You'll notice, of course, that none of those involved in trying to stop the mayhem are anyone whose names would be affected. Let's be honest: no producer wants less credit. In fact, that's why most of us work in the movie business in the first place — for the glory. If we could have our name up on screen in big letters, plus a photo, and an accompanying list of our sexual conquests, we would.
(Believe me, it's coming.)
I was once at a premiere of a film I'd helped produce, and someone asked me — “What was it like working with Person Y?” They and I were on the same card (our names appeared together at the beginning of the credits in the movie); during the two years it took to make the movie, not only had I never met him, I'd actually never heard of him. Apparently they were going around town telling everyone they produced this movie, which, foolishly, I was doing as well. In any other business, I would've told the person the truth. In Hollywood, the truth sounds like this: “He was great — they gave us the least problems of anyone on the entire movie.” Which was true, in its own way. (Hey, you never know — they could be violent. Or rich.)
Credits. Everyone sees them on posters, in advertisements and on screen, but nobody is quite sure what they mean. As a producer, it's the question I get asked more frequently than any other – especially by my mother: Who are all those people, and what the hell do they do? Well, Mom, it's complicated (so ease up on those long voicemail messages). Herewith an insider's guide to movie credits:
Producer:
This is The Big One. It's the credit everyone fights for, and many a lawyer makes their living suing over this one. The Producer often originates and develops the material, hires the director, and raises the money. Because of these things, this person feels entitled to tell everyone within earshot what to do, when to do it, and how to do it. Even if they contributed to none of the above, producers generally still feel entitled.
There are essentially two different types of producers — business and creative. The former either finds the money or is able to navigate the tricky ins and outs of movie accounting, whether it's in conjunction with a studio or with an independent company. The latter works closely with the director on the script, casting, editing and music in the film. There are very few producers who have both skills. In my 15 years of experience in Hollywood, I'd say that 5 percent of producers I've come across have either skill — the rest simply make shit up as they go along. And I include myself in that illustrious group. Of course, every single producer you meet is a self-proclaimed expert in both areas; humility is not in a producer's vocabulary. (Incidentally, neither are “collaboration”, “I don't know,” or “given our age difference, that would be inappropriate”.)
If you somehow hit the trifecta of movie miracles and a) your film happens to turn out well b) it's nominated for an award, and c) the movie actually wins, the Producer goes up and collects the award. In the process, of course, he's also collecting absolutely all the credit for everything turning out so fantastically. This is why people sue each other, attack one another in the press, and otherwise behave like, well, producers.
Executive Producer:
Though it sounds more important than its predecessor, this credit is the consolation prize when you don't get the big one. E.P, as it's known, often goes to people who put up a lot of the actual financing but wouldn't know a good movie if Spielberg showed up at their house with a Super 8, Tom Hanks, and a giant robot. Sometimes executives from studios get this credit for giving bad notes on the script, volunteering ridiculous casting ideas, and otherwise doing everything they can to help ensure a bad movie. Though they tell all their friends that they basically “made” the movie, when they show up at the premiere with their entourage, the director invariably has no clue who they are. (I should know — I was an executive before I became a producer.) With the influx of money coming into the movie business from hedge funds, third-world laundering, and moronic kids whose rich daddies desperately want to keep them out of the family furniture business, this credit has become increasingly meaningless. When someone decides to spend their year-end bonus on a couple of Aston Martins, a boat, and their very own movie, you can be sure of two things: they're going to hit on the lead actor' stand-in and they're going to end up with an Executive Producer credit.
Though clearly not as important as a full Producer credit, people still sue each other over this one. Of course.
Coproducer:
Slightly ahead of Associate Producer in rank, you sometimes see this or its awkwardly worded cousin — “Co-Executive Producer.” There's little difference between the two, and both are the ugly stepchildren of credits. You're either up there with the big boys or you're justifiably distressed that you got the crappier ones. Hyphenated credits are just confusing for everyone, especially the grammarians. This is also sometimes given to a “Line Producer” or “Unit Production Manager”, whose responsibility it is to oversee the day-to-day physical production and budget of the picture.
These incredibly important jobs are not done by the Producer because he's performing other key tasks: taking photos with the stars, making sure their name is spelled correctly on their set chair, and pretending to remember anyone else's name on the set besides the lead actors. This credit often comes well after most of the others have run — the full cast and crew, teamsters, catering staff, assistants to the real Producers, etc. This is done specifically to remind those who receive the credit — lest they get any false notions — that they're really not that important.
Associate Producer:
The credit given to satisfy someone who had very little to do with the movie, but would otherwise be inexplicably pissed off (and potentially litigious) if they or they were left off the list. It's the throwaway credit for folks completely tangential to the filmmaking process. People you'll find here: the writer, co-writer, person who had the idea for the movie, the director's assistant, the studio head's mother, etc. Every so often, though, this credit is given to the one person who most deserves it, someone who actually helped everyone survive the excruciatingly long process of making a movie with the ultimate contribution and
sacrifice: whoever's sleeping with the director. If you ever see two Associate Producers listed (especially on the same card), you'll know there's a good story behind it.
I took my 8-year-old nephew, Leo, to see what we thought was a fun puppet movie — a depressed Mel Gibson and a beaver? Really? — and we
walked by a poster with a title they recognized. “Isn't that your movie?” they asked excitedly. (Actually, it was the octogenarian alcoholic director's movie, who — despite their age and general incoherence — tortured me every single spare moment they were awake.) They ran to examine it more closely, scanning the one-sheet for my name. When they finally found it, they turned to me, crestfallen. “Don't worry,” they said, more serious than any child that age should ever be. “Producer is pretty good. But next time I bet you'll get Executive Producer!”
Cute kid. Little did they know how close I was to getting Associate Producer.
Rick Schwartz is an independent producer whose credits include Gangs of New York, The Lucky Ones, and a few movies for which they let others take credit.
Previously: Why Do Movies Suck? Ask a Guy Who Makes Them
React Image Lazy Loading Component Bojan Gvozderac Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 11, 2017
Today we'll be creating a pretty cool image lazy loading React component inspired by Polymer's (Link) iron-image component. If you want to know more about Polymer and its place in the JavaScript framework ecosystem I wrote a blog post about that (Link) Polymer's iron-image component is really simple and straight forward (as will our React counterpart be).
What it does is you give it a src of the image you want to be displayed and a src of a placeholder image to show while it's loading the main image in the background and when it's done loading it fades in the main image over the placeholder image. Easy peasy. The trick Polymer devs use with iron-image is they make a copy of the image they want to display and scale it down to 1% of its width and height and they use that scaled down image as the placeholder image.
What this does are display a sort of blurred main image while it's loading and when the main image is done loading the fade in effect makes it look like that blurred image is sharpening into the main image. Cool!
Now that we know what we're building we can get started on react-iron-image. You can find code for react-iron-image on my Github page (Link) You can ignore most of the code in App.js since it's just a container for our IronImage component and largely unimportant.
The 3 lines of code that we actually do care about are: import image from './iron-image-small.jpg'; ... const hdUrl = 'https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1478562853135-c3c9e3ef7905'; ... <IronImage srcPreload={image} srcLoaded={hdUrl} />
The first line imports the scaled down image that we'll be using as placeholder until our main image is ready to be displayed.
The second line is the URL of the full size main image. I found the image we'll be using on unsplash.com (Link) and a big shout out to Austin Neill (Link) for providing such awesome pics!
The third line is our React IronImage component. Notice how we're passing in the preload src and full size image src as props.
Now let's take a look at our IronImage component code. As you can see the component is really nothing special, it's simple and straightforward. Let's go through the logic. First we import the React stuff and styles for our component (“IronImage.css” — we'll take a look at that after we go through the logic) then we create the component by extending React's component. In our constructor call we initialize ironImageHd we need it to hold a reference of the element in which we're going to render our main image when it's done loading. Let's skip the code in componentDidMount for now and go to our render function.
Our render function displays 2 images I use div's with background-image's because I think they're easier to work with and are more consistent than img tags but you can get the same functionality with img tags as well We get the preload image as a prop and set the background of the preload element to display it. Now we're displaying the blurred version of our main image. Neat. The second image is a bit different.
Since our main image isn't ready to be displayed immediately we can't set the background to the full size image.
What we can do is get the reference to the element ( ref={...} ) and when we have the full size image we can then set the background image and fade it in. If you want to know more about Reacts ‘ref' you can find more info here Link Now for the fun part!
In our componentDidMount function we create a new Image; we set its src to the full size image src that we got from props and we add a callback for when the image is done loading.
After the image is done loading we set the background image of ironImageHd element and we tell it to fade in using css; now is a good time to take a look at our “IronImage.css” file: Again, nothing special, we position the full size image over the preload image and stretch them to fit the container.
We hide the full size image div so the placeholder is visible until it's done loading, after it's done loading we up it's opacity to 1 and transition: opacity 1s ease; does all of the work of fading in (‘sharpening') the image for us aaaaaaaaaaaand WE'RE DONE!
THE Wallabies have agreed to play the Great Britain rugby league team in a $10 million hybrid-game spectacular at Wembley Stadium next year.
London's most famous football venue has been booked for December 6, a week after the Wallabies' last game on their 2014 spring tour.
The game will pit the likes of Israel Folau and Quade Cooper against the Burgess brothers, Gareth Widdop and Sam Tomkins in front of an anticipated full house of 92,000 fans.
All up, organisers are expecting to raise $20 million through gates, corporate sales, TV, sponsorship and merchandise.
An agreement was reached between the two football codes at a secret meeting in London last month.
The codes will be paid $5million each and the players will earn around $50,000 each for a one-off appearance.
On November 11, English Rugby League boss and World Cup tournament director Nigel Wood secretly met with Wallaby supremo Bill Pulver at London's swish Grange Holborn Hotel.
They both agreed to the game, subject to commercial terms, which will be finalised by the new year.
media_camera Australia's Quade Cooper in action kicking a penalty.
Wood was desperate for the opportunity to promote rugby league in London on the back of the recent World Cup.
The London Broncos are struggling to stay afloat in the Super League because of lack of interest.
A global media company is in the process of selling world-wide television rights and major sponsorships.
A consortium of Australian business people and rugby legends Bob Dwyer and Mark Ella were involved in the talks in London that secured the historic agreement.
One half will be played with 15 players with rugby union rules and the other half with 13 players with NRL rules.
The plan was to originally stage a Wallabies v Kangaroos game at ANZ Stadium in December.
NRL chief executive Dave Smith met with Pulver and the promoters but, after showing initial interest, knocked it back.
So the promoters took their $10 million proposal to England.
media_camera James Graham im the World Cup semi-final.
London based promoter Steve Berrick has been hired to oversee the game.
They have previously been in charge of Barbarians games and major events in the UK.
This will be the first of what organisers believe will become a regular showpiece on the football calendars.
The All Blacks have also been approached and showed initial interest in a game against the Kangaroos.
Previously, Wigan played Bath in a hybrid game in the UK and two Australian school teams played in a trial game at Brookvale Oval.
SAINT
THE NRL's appointment of Sandy Olsen as communications manager - hopefully they will deliver a far more positive message than their predecessor.
SINNER
THE 2014 NRL season draw that leaves fans with only one live free-to-air game each weekend.
SHOOSH
DISTURBING rumours of a serious rort by a senior NRL club official and a player manager are doing the rounds. Their scam apparently involved shaving thousands of dollars off a player's contract and then sharing the ''profits''.
The player found out and sacked the manager. The official remains in their job.
media_camera Adam Scott of Australia talks to their caddie Steve Williams.
OPEN WATCH
THE incredible drawing power of superstar Adam Scott saw Channel 7's golf ratings increase by 69 per cent year-on-year for the Australian Open coverage last weekend.
GREAT SOUTHERN LAND
THE Shire is still the area of choice for Australia's most famous sporting names.
The latest arrival is former Australian captain Steve Waugh, who has purchased a prestige waterfront property on Port Hacking.
TIGER TAMED
STOP the presses. Benji Marshall is back in Tigers territory. Sadly for Wests Tigers fans it's just a stopover for the wedding of their great mate Keith Galloway. Big Keith tied the knot last night with their long-time partner Serena.
Benji and their stunning wife Zoe flew across from New Zealand for the wedding.
SPOTTED
STEVE Waugh's old manager Robert Joske working on the fairways as a marshal at the Australian Open at Royal Sydney, holding up a "quiet please'' sign.
DYNAMIC DUO
MANLY halves Kieran Foran and Daly Cherry-Evans have lots in common. Foran's partner is about to give birth to their first child. They already know it's a girl. It fits in well because Cherry-Evans also has a baby girl.
media_camera Dustin with Cristiano Ronaldo.
A PLANE TO SPAIN
MEET Sydney's luckiest and bravest 13-year-old boy. Dustin Villareal was struck by a car in September last year and spent three weeks in a coma. The very talented Macarthur Rams junior soccer player spent much of the year in hospital, undergoing five brain operations.
While recovering, Dustin had only one wish - to meet Cristiano Ronaldo. The Bossley Park school student made the trip to Spain last week
READY TO GO
SHARKS prop Bryce Gibbs retired from NRL two months ago because of an achilles injury that wouldn't heal.
Last Monday, they marched back into Sharks training and declared he'd give it another go.
Coach Shane Flanagan says it's a massive boost for player morale to have them back.
CARING COUPLE OF KNIGHTS
NOT all rugby league players are ratbags like those who have recently been in the headlines for off-field atrocities.
This is a lovely story about the compassion and kindness of a couple of Knights stars.
Chris Houston and Kurt Gidley recently purchased two Knights family memberships for next year's games.
They will donate one to a local family who have just lost their young dad
to heart disease.
The second one will go to another fan or family who might be struggling to pay for their own membership.
They are running a competition on the Knights' website from tomorrow.
Simply show you are more dedicated than the two boys (with a photo) to win a family membership, judged by the players.
Both memberships will be delivered to the families by Gidley and Houston themselves.
It is something they came up with on their own.
No PR people involved.
Just a couple of caring and considerate fellas doing the right thing by the game and their fans.
media_camera Anthony Mundine wins the WBA International super welterweight title bout between Anthony Mundine and Shane Mosley at Allphones Areana, Homebush, Sydney. pic Mark Evans
CHOC'S OFF TO MEET BIG-HITTERS
ANTHONY Mundine is off to Panama next week for a meeting with WBA heavyweights to map out their future plans.
They say they want to fight again next month and in March as part of the plan to get a super-fight in the US.
"Mayweather, Pacquia, Cotto, and Alvarez are the big four I eventually want to get to," Mundine said.
"But I can't just sit around for 10 months and wait and wait and wait like I did after the Geale fight.
"I'll meet with the WBA and work on a schedule. I need to stay active. My body and my mind are fresh.
"My goal is the same as it's always been - to be the first man to win three world titles descending in weight."
GALLOP GLOBE-TROTTING
NO wonder David Gallop has no regrets about leaving the NRL.
Since their switch to soccer a year ago, the FFA boss has added lots of exotic stamps to their passport.
Mauritius, East Timor and Malaysia are not spots that were ever included in their NRL travel.
This weekend Gallop is leading the Socceroos delegation at the Costa de Sauipe, a resort on Brazil's tropical Atlantic coast, and a world away from damp, miserable Manchester.
VERY NICE TO MEET ROO
THERE was a nice moment at the FIFA World Cup draw in Brazil when Socceroo coach Ange Postecoglou was sought out by Fernando Santos, the Portuguese-born coach of Greece. The Greek media has made much of Ange's ancestry and hailed them as "the only Greek coach at the World Cup".
Make no mistake, Ange is an Aussie through and through, while their new mate Santos has to make do with honorary Greek status.
Imagine an Internet in which every possible creative work uploaded results in a copyright claim - because it's already been created. That's the nightmare scenario being painted by a Russian company which says it has a plan to use copyright and trolling to free humans from ever having to create digital content again.
Without copyright, people in the creative industries would have no incentive to keep on creating. In recent years this kind of statement has been regularly pumped out by entertainment companies in their defense of tougher intellectual property legislation.
Countering, advocates such as Swedish Pirate Party founder Rick Falkvinge frequently argue that copyright monopolies stifle creativity and hinder innovation.
But what would happen if rather than providing an incentive to create, the existence of copyright meant that no-one would ever need to create anything original online ever again? And if they did, they could be sued for it?
That's the staggering notion being put forward by Qentis Corporation. The outfit, which claims a base in Russia, says that its business model is to use massive computing power to generate digital intellectual property on a never-seen-before scale and transfer the rights to its partners.
“Our clients are private high net-worth individuals (HNWI), investment funds and corporations that act as pure investors,” Qentis explains.
What Qentis are proposing is the bulk algorithmic creation of content – music, text, images etc – on such a large scale that in a few years its clients will own the rights to just about anything people might care to create and upload.
The worrying claim on the Qentis homepage
“Qentis aims to produce all possible combinations of text (and later on images and sound) and to copyright them,” Qentis' Michael Marcovici told TorrentFreak.
“Concerning text we try this in chunks of 400-word articles in English, German and Spanish. That would mean that we will hold the copyright to any text produced from now on and that it becomes impossible for anyone to circumvent Qentis when writing a text.”
In terms of graphics, Qentis promotional material states that a subsidiary has already generated 3.23% of “all possible images” in the 1000×800 pixel format.
“We are now generating images at a much faster pace and expect to complete 10 percent of all possible images by the end of 2015. At current projections, we will by 2020 generate every possible image in the 1000×800 pixel resolution,” the company claims.
Of course, ‘creating' this ‘content' has a purpose. According to Qentis it effectively seeks to become the biggest copyright troll on the planet. The company says it will identify copyright infringements and help investors to pursue infringers. And, astonishingly, it claims it will free companies from having to rely on people to come up with creative content.
“It is only a matter of time before Qentis becomes the universal single source for all web content, freeing corporations from their expensive dependence on writers, musicians and artists,” says Qentis co-founder Howard Lafarge.
TF spoke with Rick Falkvinge about Qentis' stated aims and needless to say he's completely unimpressed.
“Interesting, and complete bullshit,” Rick said.
“They claim to have generated all possible texts in English that are up to 400 words in length, and therefore, any text below that length ‘infringes'. However, having the copyright monopoly on a text is solidly dependent on having had artistic skill gone into generating it. Merely mechanically generating all combinations does not, repeat NOT, reward a copyright monopoly.”
Having spent way more time on the Qentis website than we probably should, (and arriving at the conclusion that they're either crazy, evil geniuses or masters of parody) we're still left with an interesting concept.
The fact remains that there are plenty of huge, heavily pro-copyright corporations on the planet today who would happily embark on a Qentis-style operation of copyrighting all content before a human can create it, if indeed such a thing was possible. Rest assured, at that point the ‘artists' would be a forgotten and inconvenient part of their business models.
“The mere concept that somebody thinks of generating all possible texts and then thinks they can sue humanity for coming up with one of these combinations through actual artistic talent shows how completely screwed up copyright monopoly law is,” Rick concludes.
Since Qentis claims to have come up with the lyrics to Lady Gaga's ‘Applause' before they did, TF pressed Qentis to give us more examples where their creations have successfully predicted the future. The company couldn't immediately give us any, but said there were “many more” to be found.
We also asked about the mathematical implications of coming up with every available combination of text in a 400-word article, given there are one million words in the English language alone. How many generated articles would be a ‘miss' in trying to come up with one ‘hit'?
“About the mathematics, this is mainly about working with n-grams, we don't work iteratively with misses because that would produce as you mention a LOT of misses, probably only 1 out of few million would be readable,” the company's Michael Marcovici told us.
“We do not include entities in the text as it does not matter and we concentrate on the structure of the text. Using known or predicted combinations is more economical, the main challenge is storage and not so much generating text.”
For those interested in reading just how bad things could get on the copyright front, given the chance, the fully comprehensive and quite incredible Qentis website can be found here. We're not sure what their endgame is, but we wouldn't be surprised if they have a secret underground base.
Everyone is invited to comment below, scholars of copyright and mathematics in particular.
(CBS) The White Sox on Thursday acquired 24-year-old right-hander Thyago Vieira from the Mariners in exchange for international signing bonus pool money.
Vieira had a 4.00 ERA in 41 appearances at Triple-A in 2017. They struck out 46 in 54 innings. Vieira made one big league appearance with the Mariners as well, throwing a scoreless inning.
A native of Brazil, Vieira was rated at the No. 8 prospect in the Mariners' farm system by MLB.com. They had a 4.58 ERA across seven minor league seasons in Seattle's system. They were signed in September 2010 as a non-drafted free agent.
The Mariners opened up an extra $500,000 in their international bonus signing bonus pool with the trade, which allows them to offer Japanese pitcher/outfielder Shoehi Otani more money. Once he's posted by the Nippon Professional Baseball league, Otani will become one of the premier free agents available but can only sign a minor league contract with a signing bonus under MLB's new collective bargaining agreement. The Mariners now have about 1.55 million to offer Otani.
The White Sox's 40-man roster now sits at 36 players.
U.S. District Court Judge Susan Bolton heard arguments on Wednesday over whether or not to abide by President Donald Trump‘s pardon of former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Arpaio had been found guilty of criminal contempt for disobeying a court order to cease a controversial traffic patrol program targeting immigrants.
Attorneys for Arpaio and the Justice Department urged Bolton to dismiss Arpaio's guilty verdict. After taking the matter under consideration, Judge Bolton decided to do just that, dismissing the verdict with prejudice, so Arpaio is not in danger of having to deal with this matter in the future. The decision came a day before Arapaio was scheduled to be sentenced.
Arpaio's attorney also asked the judge to dismiss all other orders and rulings that were issued during the case. Judge Bolton said they would consider it, but did not make a decision at that time.
Those in opposition to the pardon believed that it overstepped the president's power, as broad as it may be. The idea was that if a government official violated someone's constitutional rights and was then allowed to escape punishment, it would essentially weaken the Constitution.
Another argument said that while the pardon may have been appropriate, the fact that Arpaio hadn't been sentenced yet meant that there was no final order in the case, so the verdict could not be dismissed. Judge Bolton themselves had previously questioned whether they could vacate a judgment that didn't exist yet, and whether it was more appropriate to just eliminate their punishment but have the conviction stand. Since raising that issue, Bolton had both sides of the case submit briefs on the issue, and after reviewing those and hearing arguments, they decided to dismiss the verdict after all.
Details
The games of the future are always evolving and Broken Egg Games present Wave 2 to keep you in the game! With a token to mark the target of the deadly Femme Fatale, you can charm your opponents defenses into accessing corporate secrets. If gambling is more of your style, pull out our Psi Poker Chips to let fate do the talking. Our massive INSTALL/ADVANCE/ADVANCE shows the runner scum dominance as you move forth your cryptic agenda, or trick them with a deadly trap. Finally, the multi-purpose Cyber Punk Numbered Token Set is helpful for static numbers of power tokes, representing a large number of tags, or anything to keep your gaming space neat and tidy. Corps are not the only companies advancing, Broken Egg Games Wave 2 is innovating your Netrunner gaming experience.
This set contains 3 Femme Tokens, 2 Psi Poker Chip Tokens, 1 INSTALL/ADVANCE/ADVANCE Token, and a Cyber Punk Numbered Token Set (10).
Our gaming enhancements are manufactured in the USA. They are made of high quality acrylic materials to be both elegant in design and durable.
Throughout the design process of our products, we try to work closely with the developers of the games we compliment. For that reason, our designs are subject to slight alterations.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko announced that Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) was to take up an official part-time government post in Kiev on Wednesday — apparently without clearing it with McCain, who says they never signed off on the gig.
A decree published on Poroshenko's website on Wednesday lists McCain as one of eight foreign members of a presidential advisory group headed by Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian leader who has found a new lease of life in Ukraine as a political gadfly and government aide.
McCain told BuzzFeed News, however, that they never agreed to do it. "I was asked to do it both by Ukraine and Saakashvili and I said I would be inclined to do it but I said I needed to look at all the nuances of it, whether it's legal under our ethics and all that kind of stuff," they told BuzzFeed News. "I of course would love to do anything I can to help Ukraine, but I've got to make sure it's ok under Senate rules."
The position would entail the former presidential candidate giving advice to the leader of a foreign power and working under Ukrainian law — an unusual step for a sitting U.S. lawmaker. Its goal is to recommend specific policy steps Ukraine should take to reform and modernize its decrepit and corrupt Soviet-era bureaucracy, as well as attract expert advice and support from abroad.
Most of the group's supposed members are former European politicians who have been vocal supporters of Ukraine's pro-Western course. It's not clear what Poroshenko actually okayed with any of them before publishing the decree, since each of them is listed as a council member "by agreement" — including Saakashvili, whom Poroshenko appointed head of the council by a separate decree in February. Two of the other men listed are current members of the European Parliament.
A spokesperson for Ukraine's presidential administration did not immediately return a request for comment. McCain's proposed appointment was widely reported as fact in the Russian and Ukrainian media.
McCain has been one of the loudest supporters of Poroshenko and Ukraine on Capitol Hill. In February, McCain said on CBS that they were "ashamed" of the U.S. and President Barack Obama for not doing more to help arm Ukrainian forces fighting Russia-supported separatists in the country. McCain is also a longtime friend of Saakashvili, whom they backed during Georgia's short, disastrous war with Russia during their losing 2008 presidential campaign.
Poroshenko conceived of the council earlier this year as a way to involve Saakashvili, 47, who won plaudits for sweeping reforms while Georgia's president, but fled the country after leaving office in 2013 under threat of prosecution from Georgia's new government. Since then, they have become a visible presence in Kiev, where they went to college. Their modernizing efforts in Georgia ensure they remain a more popular figure there than in Washington and Brussels, where many former allies soured on their conduct during the war with Russia.
In an interview with BuzzFeed News in Kiev in February, Saakashvili said the council aimed to convince international donors that Ukraine's government was serious about major reforms. Though the U.S. and European Union continue to back Ukraine as it attempts to pull its moribund economy back from the brink of default and quell a war with Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country, ties have frayed in recent months over a perceived reluctance in Kiev to make good on pro-Western reformist rhetoric.
"The thing is to bridge this gap, like, 'Yes, yes, we shall,' and then nothing happens, which is very post-Soviet and very Ukrainian," Saakashvili said in February. "If they don't get it now they will never get it."
BY:
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner, whose political career has been aided by the left-leaning Middle East activist group J Street, announced their resignation from office on Friday amid a drawn-out and escalating sexual harassment scandal.
Eighteen women have stepped forward in recent weeks to accuse the former member of congress and J Street-endorsee of sexual harassment, ranging from lewd pick-up lines to face-slobbering and unwanted groping.
In a defiant and emotional resignation speech on Friday, Filner blasted the media coverage of the scandal described the pressure on them to resign as a "political coup."
"I can't afford to continue this battle," said Filner.
They denied that they sexually harassed anyone, and claimed, "if given due process I would be vindicated."
Their resignation will take effect on Aug. 30.
Filner, pictured here at a J Street Gala in 2012, represented California's 51st congressional district from 1993 to 2012, before succeeding Jerry Sanders as mayor of San Diego.
Their political career began unraveling in July, after three female former supporters held a press conference accusing them of inappropriate sexual advances.
Filner received contributions from the self-described "pro-Israel, pro-peace" organization's political action arm while serving in congress in 2008 and 2010. They also joined the group's policy efforts, voting against a pro-Israel bill in 2012.
J Street has often been accused by critics in the pro-Israel community of working against Israel's interests. The Washington Times reported in 2010 that the organization had received much of its funding from anti-Israel financier George Soros, despite J Street's prior denials that it accepted money from Soros.
"My lifetime commitment to civil rights has been deeply shaped and influenced by my own Jewish values and upbringing," said Filner in a 2008 endorsement of J Street. "It's thrilling to see the emergence of a new voice in Washington giving expression to those same values and principles."
Filner submitted their resignation after reaching a deal with the San Diego City Council, which has been assessing the allegations against him.
A spokesperson for J Street declined to comment.
Now, you have a handy replacement for your irrational fear that a shark hides in the depths of any body of water you get into! Hey, at least Daleks don't exterminate so well underwater. Or at least, it seems like they don't because the one that was found in a UK pond in 2009 was completely broken down—unless that's just what it wants us to think.
Unfortunately for the little alien death machine that somehow wound up at the bottom of a pond near Beaulieu in Hampshire, UK, it wasn't a Marine Dalek, so it didn't quite make it out unscathed. On the other hand, who knows how long it was down there? Maybe it's been lying in wait for millions of years to destroy humanity. Or, maybe it was left there by the film crew on a classic Who is a episode. Kind of a tossup.
Mild mannered sales executive Marc Oakland, who is probably now the Doctor's new companion, unearthed the Dalek (seen here) as part of a volunteer group effort to clean up the pond. They said,
I'd just shifted a tree branch with my foot when I noticed something dark and round slowly coming up to the surface. I got the shock of my life when a Dalek head bobbed up right in front of me. It must have been down there for some time because it was covered in mould and water weed, and had quite a bit of damage. One of the dome lights was smashed, but the eye-stalk was intact and the head and neck stayed in one piece as I carefully lifted it out.
Either Oakland is omitting the part of the story where they wet himself, jumped back, and scrambled out of the pond before realizing the Dalek wasn't moving, or he's got a firmer grasp on reality than some other Who fans. What? No, I'd absolutely react like a mature adult who doesn't carry a sonic screwdriver around in daily life. I was talking about… someone else…
Pond Warden Tony Brown says they dug up a lot of old toys and junk from the pond, and the Dalek head may come from a Colin Baker, 1980s Doctor Who shoot that had the Daleks on location in Hampshire. However, they assured The Telegraph, “We made a very thorough search of the rest of the bottom of the pond and there were definitely no alien remnants lurking.”
No word on whether or not there was a squarish, police box-sized impression left in the ground anywhere nearby.
(The Telegraph via Neatorama, image via Adam Dachis)
Meanwhile in related links
Neither the job losses nor the president's prodding was enough to prompt much of a response from the Republicans. But by Friday evening, it appeared that a small number of G.O.P. senators, enough to assure Senate passage of a revised (and watered-down) stimulus package by a very slim margin, had come aboard.
But only a small number. Even as the report of an agreement was being circulated, Senator Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican, was bad-mouthing the package on CNN. “This bill is a disaster,” they said.
It's been clear for years that the G.O.P. is a party without a heart. But its pointless obstructionism, its overall lack of any serious response to what is a clear national economic emergency, seems to indicate it's also a party without a brain.
Photo
Republicans in Washington have behaved like a milling crowd standing in the way of firefighters trying to respond to a devastating blaze. The best that can be said for the party is that a few senators seem to have been able to part the crowd enough to let the rescuers begin to inch forward.
President Obama addressed Republican inflexibility on Thursday night when they said at a gathering in Williamsburg , Va., “Don't come to the table with the same tired arguments and worn ideas that helped to create this crisis.” They added that without swift action on the stimulus bill, “an economy that is already in crisis will be faced with catastrophe.”
The report of January's enormous job losses came roughly a dozen hours later. It was the latest in a long and hideous pattern of employment woes, much of it resulting from the G.O.P.'s obsession with destructive supply-side economic voodoo.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
On the front page of The Times on Friday was an article that said the number of women on the nation's payrolls is poised to pass that of men for the first time in American history. This is not because women have been doing so well, but because men have been doing so poorly.
As I was reading the article, I thought of all the guys who used to listen to Rush Limbaugh while driving to or from work but are now tuning in from their living rooms because the benefits of the G.O.P.'s right-wing, tax -cutting ideology never trickled down to them and they are now jobless.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Since the start of the recession,” as Heidi Shierholz, an economist with the Economic Policy Institute , points out, “the U.S. economy has shed more jobs than the total population of Chicago .”
The Republicans still don't get it. Most act as if they don't understand that in this radical economic downturn the demand for goods and services has fallen off a cliff, and that government spending is needed — and needed quickly — to replace a large portion of that lost demand.
The goal is twofold: to alleviate some of the enormous suffering (something that is easily understood if you have a heart), and to revive the battered economy (equally easy to understand by anyone with a brain).
Senator John McCain echoed many of their Republican colleagues on Friday when they indignantly asserted, “This is not a stimulus bill; it is a spending bill.”
It was an objection that had been addressed by an incredulous President Obama on Thursday night. “What do you think a stimulus is?” the president asked, their voice rising. Spending, they said — to laughter from their audience — “is the whole point.”
As barrels of trash heaved into the pond in Bushnell Park remain there for nearly a week and as the water feature in the playground nearby continues to be broken for years on end, residents and stakeholders were presented with the iQuilt‘s dream plan of bring flowing water through the park.
Using identity strategy and enculturation to rally support, those leading this project dismissed skeptics as lacking vision. As much was said twice yesterday at a mini-presentation during a Rising Star Breakfast and in the evening before the Planning and Zoning Commission meeting. The presentation included codewords, as several supporters described selves as “believers” and even went so far as to say that bring flowing water back into the park would be good for our “souls.”
The presentation included visual appeals to nostalgia and romance. The lovely, verdant design renderings seduced the participant into imagining a pristine urban paradise in which those seeking recreation can choose to wade across a 50-100 foot wide brook, meander through pop up studios and greenhouses, or linger on any of the nine bridges that would be added to Bushnell Park.
Urban design presentations, as a whole, dazzle those from whom they want support, but fail to provide real answers that concerned residents have about what is slated to happen in our backyards.
Prior to the presentation, Real Hartford readers submitted questions they had about this project, which are marked in bold and are direct quotes, unless noted otherwise.
Who is doing the planning?
The iQuilt, in the works for several years now, is described as a “culture based urban design plan for Downtown Hartford.”
The iQuilt is a private/public partnership which receives support from various institutions including the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts, Bushnell Park Foundation, CIGNA, City of Hartford, State of Connecticut, MDC, Riverfront Recapture, Connecticut Light & Power, Northeast Utilities, Travelers, and United Illuminating. Suisman Urban Design has been leading the iQuilt design team. A 501(c)3 was formed recently.
Why does it have such a stupid name?
The name for this project has been explained as the shape of Downtown and its attractions appearing like a patchwork quilt. As noted previously, the “i” stands for “innovation, information, ideas, imagination, invention, and ingenuity.”
How are decisions made? Who is paying for it? Who is supposed to benefit?
Move the carousel, why the hell would they want to move the carousel?
Since the beginning of iQuilt in 2008, they have asked for public input several times each year in meetings and have included a form on the plan's website for people to send in comments, but as noted after presentations in 2011, it's not clear if all public comment is valued equally. For instance, while there was no overwhelming public support for moving the carousel to a new location within the park (near the Pump House Gallery), this decision is one iQuilters have opted to continue pressing for anyway. They have stated that the ground beneath the carousel is sinking. In conversation with an individual involved in historical preservation and with another high-ranking City employee, I was informed that the carousel was not, in fact, sinking (or that they had not heard anything about that), and that the operator of the carousel does not want the structure to be moved at all.
The price tag on this collection of projects is over $100 million, with $8.4 million of that going into the design end of it alone. This is being funded by a variety of sources including public, private, and non-profit. It received the NEA Cultural Placemaking Grant in 2010 and 2011.
The plan is such that segments of this can be completed separately, so the entire collection of projects does not need to be funded all at once.
Who benefits? Everyone benefits from a beautiful, walkable, well-maintained city, but much of this project appears geared toward attracting visitors and changing perspectives about the city.
In earlier configurations of the iQuilt, stakeholders were given the impression that the ugly surface lots — especially those along Capitol Avenue between Trinity/Washington Street and Hudson Street, an area that has been dubbed “Connecticut Square” — would be transformed into something more sustainable and pedestrian-friendly. The plan now is to install permeable pavers because State workers are not going to give up their parking and there would be hassle with the unions, Doug Suisman said when Councilman Deutsch asked about their plan to remove the surface lots.
On Wednesday evening, Councilman Deutsch also inquired about the old YMCA building, which through neglect, is becoming an eyesore next to the park. No succinct, definite response was provided about how the iQuilt plan would address this visible blight.
Any progress working with Bushnell Tower on doing something at the southwest corner of Gold and Main?
One consistency with the iQuilt has been the idea of narrowing Gold Street and essentially extending Bushnell Park along it. With the plan, Gold Street would be realigned, leaving more green area to the side closest to the Ancient Burying Ground. A rendering shows the removal of high walls around the Bushnell Plaza complex and addition of trees in that area. Between the presentation and glossy pocketguide distributed after it, there was no indication how specifically this area would be used. A full report and overview is slated to be posted online on January 24, 2012, according to Suisman who continues to say “nothing is set in stone [with the iQuilt plan] but there is forward momentum.”
How do they expect to keep new watercourses clean when the current ones are trashed?
[T]he Park River was buried due to flooding issues. What precautions are being taken to prevent the same from occurring.
How will the proposed waterway support ‘green infrastructural needs'?
There are no plans to unearth the Park River. Since the last big public meeting, all talk of bringing flowing water into the park has been in connection to Gully Brook, which runs from Keney Park and would be diverted to created a new brook, typically fewer than eighteen inches deep.
The pocketguide says that “natural runoff from the Downtown watershed will be purified by riparian plantings and bioswales before flowing into the brook” (17). No details were provided about the nature of the pumps that would be used to bring water in for this brook, beginning across from Union Station.
At the last meeting, designers said that people would not be “interacting” with the brook, but now, people would be free to wade across it.
The possibility of rats in the water was a concern expressed at several public meetings. Suisman assured the public that there would be no rats in the brook.
Maintenance of the brook and the remainder of the park has been a concern. When I asked for Suisman to provide me with information about this aspect, they pointed to how the MDC works to keep the Riverfront clean and said that City government alone could not maintain these projects. Jack Hale, the Park Operations Manager with the City of Hartford, had more insight regarding this aspect, saying that “the current pond is a maintenance nightmare because it is essentially stagnant water with an earthen bottom. Although the brook will be larger, it will be shallower and I believe it will have a flat concrete or otherwise sealed bottom. It will be readily accessible for maintenance and relatively easily flushed out.”
Right now, litter and natural debris regularly clutters up the pond, making it less than attractive.
Hale acknowledges that ruts created by vehicles along the edges of walkways present a maintenance challenge. They say that “the new system should be designed to greatly reduce that problem by identifying some pathways as appropriate for vehicle use and laying them out so that vehicles will have little reason to leave the pavement.”
In the redesign, Hale says they hope to “introduce some new drainage strategies that would make some currently marginal areas more usable and easier to maintain than they are now.”
As for lighting, Hale said that higher efficiency lights would reduce the need for maintenance staff to frequently replace burned out ones.
Suisman said that the iQuilt could make recommendations about maintenance, but would not be mandating anything. Yet they assured residents that the iQuilters were not interested in implementing projects that they would be unable to maintain.
The cost of estimated maintenance has not been provided yet in the iQuilt literature.
Have they come to a resolution on the waterworlding of stone field sculpture?
Was there going to be a mini task force on [the waterworlding of stone field sculpture]?
Controversy was previously stirred up when the iQuilt folks discussed partially submerging Stone Field Sculpture in a water feature. This disrespect for public art was called out by Will K. Wilkins of Real Art Ways, and others. Judging by the landscape renderings and absence of discussion at Tuesday's presentation, it appears this plan has been nixed.
Have they gotten together with the East Coast Greenway people and adjusted plans accordingly?
This is one area where the iQuilt plan has been especially receptive to public input. As late as several years into the iQuilt plan, key designers were unaware that the East Coast Greenway passes through Bushnell Park. After reminders from Bike Walk Connecticut, this path has received acknowledgement. Suisman said that in August riders who will be ending a 500 mile ride in Hartford (it originates in Maine) should be welcomed.
There are plans for an East Coast Greenway bike station, which would provide storage for bicycles.
[H]ow [do] they hope to engage the disengaged?
It seems that branding is another component of this. This is reminiscent of the controversial branding conversation that happened in July. Everyone wants their brand to be The One, and we already have a plethora of signs presenting different messages. For clear branding, the City is going to need to step in and decide which brand to settle on.
Will [the iQuilt plan] address the average Hartford-avoiders' general complaints of “parking” in any way?
By implementing “road diets,” working on safer routes for pedestrians, installing wayfinding signs, improving infrastructure for cyclists, and promoting mass transit, there should be fewer reasons for people to be concerned with parking cars.
[H]ow do we convince iQuilt to… NOT do it? Or, better yet, how do we make it actually matter?
It appears that the City is firmly behind the iQuilt.
As to how to make it matter, that's what these public input sessions have been about. Everyone wants to have his/her worked cheered on. Criticism can be hard to take, especially in the early stages of something. But being surrounded by yes-men means that important issues, like sustaining funding or dealing with maintenance, could be overlooked and present much larger problems later. For those who love Hartford and desperately want to see innovative ideas succeed, it is crucial that they step up and risk losing popularity by making sure all i's are dotted.
It was said that Hartford is twelve years into a 35-year plan to reconnect the cultural institutions in Downtown. The full report will be available before the end of this month and an open house for all cultural institutions Downtown — called Invisionfest — is planned for September 28-29, 2012.
UPDATE: The Pocket Guide referenced in this article is now available online (PDF)
Tyranny at Nuremberg
Tyranny at Nuremberg
Paul Craig Roberts
Update Aug. 12, 2017: Here is David Irving's account of their arrest, trial, and imprisonment in Austria. Their conviction was overturned by a higher court, and they were released. http://www.fpp.co.uk/books/Banged/up.pdf
The showtrial of a somewhat arbitrarily selected group of 21 surviving Nazis at Nuremberg during 1945-46 was US Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson's show. Jackson was the chief prosecutor. As a long-time admirer of Jackson, I always assumed that they did a good job.
My admiration for Jackson stems from their defense of law as a shield of the people rather than a weapon in the hands of government, and from their defense of the legal principle known as mens rea, that is, that crime requires intent. I often cite Jackson for their defense of these legal principles that are the very foundation of liberty. Indeed, I cited Jackson in my recent July 31 column. Their defense of law as a check on government power plays a central role in the book that I wrote with Lawrence Stratton, The Tyranny of Good Intentions.
In 1940 Jackson was US Attorney General. They addressed federal prosecutors and warned them against “picking the man and then putting investigators to work, to pin some offense on him. It is in this realm—in which the prosecutor picks some person whom they dislike or desires to embarrass, or selects some group of unpopular persons and then looks for an offense—that the greatest danger of abuse of prosecuting power lies. It is here that law enforcement becomes personal, and the real crime becomes that of being unpopular with the predominant or governing group, being attached to the wrong political views or being personally obnoxious to, or in the way of, the prosecutor himself.”
Later as a Supreme Court justice Jackson overturned a lower court conviction of a person who had no idea, or any reason to believe, that they had committed a crime.
Having just finished reading David Irving's book Nuremberg (1996), I am devastated to learn that in their pursuit of another principle, at Nuremberg Jackson violated all of the legal principles for which I have so long admired him. To be clear, at Nuremberg Jackson was in pursuit of Nazis, but their conviction was the means to their end—the establishment of the international legal principle that the initiation of war, the commitment of military aggression, was a crime.
The problem, of course, was that at Nuremberg people were tried on the basis of ex post facto law—law that did not exist at the time of their actions for which they were convicted.
Moreover, the sentence—death by hanging—was decided prior to the trial and prior to the selection of defendants.
Moreover, the defendants were chosen and then a case was made against them.
Exculpatory evidence was withheld. Charges on which defendants were convicted turned out to be untrue.
The trials were so loaded in favor of the prosecution that defense was pro forma.
The defendants were abused and some were tortured.
The defendants were encouraged to give false witness against one another, which for the most part the defendants refused to do, with Albert Speer being the willing one. Their reward was a prison sentence rather than death.
The defendants' wives and children were arrested and imprisoned. To Jackson's credit, this infuriated him.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt, General Eisenhower, and Winston Churchill thought that surviving Nazis should be shot without trial. Roosevelt laughed about liquidating 50,000 German military officers. Eisenhower told Lord Halifax that Nazi leaders should be shot while trying to escape, the common euphemism for murder. Russians spoke of castrating German men and breeding German women to annihilate the German race. US Treasury Secretary Henry Morgenthau wanted to reduce Germany to an agrarian society and send able-bodied Germans to Africa as slaves to work on “some big TVA project.”
Robert Jackson saw in these intentions not only rank criminality among the allied leadership but also a missed opportunity to create the legal principle that would criminalize war, thus removing the disaster of war from future history. Jackson's end was admirable, but the means required bypassing Anglo-American legal principles.
Jackson got their chance, perhaps because Joseph Stalin vetoed execution without trial. First a showtrial, Stalin said, to demonstrate their guilt so that we do not make martyrs out of Nazis.
Whom to select for the list of 21-22 persons to be charged? Well, whom did the allies have in custody? Not all those they desired. They had Reichsmarschall Herman Göring who headed the air force. Whatever the valid charges against Göring, they were not considered to be mitigated by the fact that under Göring the German air force was mainly used against enemy formations on the battleground and not, like the US and British air forces in saturation terror bombing of civilian cities, such as Dresden, Tokyo, Hiroshima, and Nagasaki, or by the fact that in Hitler's final days Hitler removed Göring from all their positions, expelled them from the party, and ordered their arrest.
The Nuremberg trials are paradoxical in that the law Jackson intended to establish applied to every country, not to Germany alone. The ex post facto law under which Germans were sentenced to death and to prison also criminalized the terror bombing of German and Japanese cities by the British and US air forces. Yet, the law was only applied to the Germans in the dock. In their book, Apocalypse 1945: The Destruction of Dresden (1995), Irving quotes US General George C. McDonald's dissent from the directive to bomb civilian cities such as Dresden. Gen. McDonald characterized the directive as the “extermination of populations and the razing of cities,” war crimes under the Nuremberg standard.
They had foreign minister Ribbentrop. They had field marshals Keitel and Jodl and the grand-admirals Raeder and Dönitz. They had a German banker, who was saved from sentencing by the intervention of the Bank of England. They had a journalist. They had Rudolf Hess who had been in a British prison since 1941 when they went to Britain on a peace mission to end the war. They wanted an industrialist, but Krupp was too old and ill. They were devoid of the persona of a foreboding evil. You can read the list in Irving's book.
Göring knew from the beginning that the trial was a hoax and that their death sentence had already been decided. They had the means (a poison capsule) throughout their imprisonment to commit suicide, thus depriving their captors of their planned humiliation of him. Instead, they held the Germans together, and they stood their ground. Possessed of a high IQ, time and again they made fools of their captors. They made such a fool of Robert Jackson during their trial that the entire court burst out in laughter. Jackson never lived down being bested in the courtroom by Göring.
And Göring wasn't through with making their captors look foolish and incompetent. He, the field marshalls and grand admiral requested that they be given a military execution by firing squad, but the pettiness of the Tribunal wanted them hung like dogs. Göring told their captors that they would allow them to shoot him, but not hang him, and a few minutes before they were to be marched to the gallows before the assembled press and cameras they took the poison capsule, throwing the execution propaganda show into chaos. To this injury they added insult leaving the prison commandant, US Col. Andrus a note telling them that they had had 3 capsules. One they had left for the Americans to find, thus causing them to think their means of escaping them had been removed. One they had taken minutes prior to their show execution, and they described where to find the third. They had easily defeated the continuous and thorough inspections inflicted upon them from fear that they would commit suicide and escape their intended propaganda use of their execution.
There was a time in Anglo-American law when the improprieties of the Nuremberg trials would have resulted in the cases being thrown out of court and the defendants freed. Even under the ex post facto law and extra-judicial, extra-legal terms under which the defendants were tried, at least two of the condemned deserved to be cleared.
It is not clear why Admiral Donitz was sentenced to 10 years in prison. The chief American judge of the Tribunal, Francis Biddle, said: “It is, in my opinion, offensive to our concept of justice to punish a man for doing exactly what one has done himself.” “The Germans,” Biddle said, “fought a much cleaner war at sea than we did.“
Jodl, who countermanded many Nazi orders, was sentenced to death. The injustice of the sentence was made clear by a German court in 1953 which cleared Jodl of all Nuremberg charges and rehabilitated them posthumously. The French justice at the Nuremberg Tribunal said at the time that Jodl's conviction was without merit and was a miscarriage of justice.
The entire Nuremberg proceeding stinks to high heaven. Defendants were charged with aggression for the German invasion of Norway. The fact was kept out of the trial that the British were about to invade Norway themselves and that the Germans, being more efficient, learned of it and managed to invade first.
Defendants were accused of using slave labor, paradoxical in view of the Soviets own practice. Moreover, while the trials were in process the Soviets were apparently gathering up able-bodied Germans to serve as slave labor to rebuild their war-torn economy.
Defendants were accused of mass executions despite the fact that the Russians, who were part of the prosecution and judgment of the defendants, had executed 15,000 or 20,000 Polish officers and buried them in a mass grave. Indeed, the Russians insisted on blaming the Germans on trial for the Katyn Forest Massacre.
Defendants were accused of aggression against Poland, and Ribbentrop was not permitted to mention in their defense the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact that divided Poland between Germany and the Soviet Union, without which Germany could not have attacked Poland. The fact that the Soviets, who were sitting at Nuremberg in judgment on the Germans, had themselves invaded Poland was kept out of the proceedings.
Moreover, without the gratuitous British “guarantee” to Poland, the Polish military dictatorship would likely have agreed to return territories stripped from Germany by the Versailles Treaty and the invasion would have been avoided.
The greatest hypocrisy was the charge of aggression against Germany when the fact of the matter is that World War 2 began when the British and French declared war on Germany. Germany conquered France and drove the British from the European Continent after the British and French started the war with a declaration of war against Germany.
Irving's book is, of course, politically incorrect. However, they list in the introduction the voluminous files on which the book is based: Robert Jackson's official papers and Oral History, Francis Biddle's private papers and diaries, Col. Andrus' papers, Adm. Raeder's prison diary, Rudolf Hess' prison diary, interrogations of the prisoners, interviews with defense counsel, prosecutors, interrogators, and letters from the prisoners to their wives. All of this and more Irving has made available on microfilms for researchers. They compared magnetic tape copies of the original wire-recordings of the trial with the mimeographed and published transcripts to insure that spoken and published words were the same.
What Irving does in their book is to report the story that the documents tell. This story differs from the patriotic propaganda written by court historians with which we are all imbued. The question arises: Is Irving pro-truth or pro-Nazi. The National Socialist government of Germany is the most demonized government in history. Any lessening of the demonization is unacceptable, so Irving is vulnerable to demonization by those determined to protect their cherished beliefs.
Zionists have branded Irving a “holocaust denier,” and they were convicted of something like that by an Austrian court and spent 14 months in prison before the conviction was thrown out by a higher court.
In Nuremberg, Irving removes various propaganda legends from the holocaust story and reports authoritative findings that many of the concentration camp deaths were from typhus and starvation, especially in the final days of the war when food and medicine were disappearing from Germany, but nowhere in the book do they deny, indeed they report, that vast numbers of Jews perished. As I understand the term, a simple truthful modification of some element of the official holocaust story is sufficient to brand a person a holocaust denier.
My interest in the book is Robert Jackson. They had a noble cause—to outlaw war—but in pursuit of this purpose they established precedents for American prosecutors to make law a weapon in their pursuit of their noble causes just as it was used against Nazis—organized crime convictions, child abuse convictions, drug convictions, terror convictions. Jackson's pursuit of Nazis at Nuremberg undermined the strictures they put on US attorneys such that today Americans have no more protection of law than the defendants had at Nuremberg.
“This is what's happening at a lot of libraries, the creation of an open, physical environment,” said Joe Murphy, a librarian and library futures consultant based in Reno, Nev. “The idea of being inviting isn't just to boost attendance but to maximize people's creativity.”
Libraries have long facilitated the “finding” of information, they said. “Now they are facilitating the creating of information.”
That will be evident at the Boston library's new section for teenagers. Teen Central is to become what is known as “homago” space — where teenagers can “hang out, mess around and geek out.” It will include lounges, restaurant booths, game rooms and digital labs, as well as software and equipment to record music and create comic books. The vibe will be that of an industrial loft, with exposed pipes and polished concrete floors, what Ms. Ryan called “eco-urban chic.”
“The sand is shifting under our business,” they said.
“When I started out in the '70s, you would walk up to the reference desk and ask a question and I would find an answer. Today it's the opposite. People turn to librarians to help them sift through the 10 million answers they find on the Internet. We're more like navigators.”
At least the Boston library will still feature books. One library, in San Antonio, has done away with them. The BiblioTech is nothing but rows of computers, e-readers and an “iPad bar.”
Its goal is the same as that of traditional libraries: To help patrons access information. But whether the community will take to it is another question. The Santa Rosa branch library in Tucson went all digital in 2002, but a few years later, it brought back books. A lot of content was not available digitally, and patrons wanted print.
While e-books are gaining popularity, print is still king. In 2012, 28 percent of adults nationwide read an e-book, according to the Pew Research Center, while 69 percent read a print book. Only 4 percent of readers are “e-book only,” the center reported.
Barack Obama told Marines at Camp Pendleton Wednesday that the United States “will never retreat from the world” merely a day after their Administration warned American citizens to flee the country of Yemen.
According to The Hill, Obama said, “Al Qaeda's top ranks have been hammered,” and “the core of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan is on the way to defeat.”
“We do not get terrorized,” they boasted. “We're going to keep standing up to our enemies.”
Just two days before Obama made these claims, their Administration closed 20 embassies and/or consulates around the world for fear of an attack by Al Qaeda's affiliate in Yemen. These closures were in response to intercepted communications which indicated collusion between Yemeni forces and Al Qaeda in Pakistan.
The State Department issued a warning Tuesday directing all U.S. citizens to flee Yemen for fear of a possible terror attack by Al Qaeda.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins
750,000-year-old ice cubes
They may look like long-lost objects from a distant high-tech civilisation, but these large black objects buried in the Canadian Arctic are huge chunks of ice – the oldest ice ever found in North America. Researchers say the discovery could help predict the fate of the deep Arctic permafrost.
The din of acidifying oceans
Ocean sounds travel further now than they did a century ago, thanks to carbon emissions that have made the oceans more acidic. In future, whales may be able to communicate over greater distances – but it's not all good news
Advertisement
Hottest water on Earth
Even Jules Verne didn't foresee it. Down at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean is the hottest water on the planet, in a “supercritical” state never seen before in nature. The discovery brings geologists a step closer to understanding how gold particles are sucked out of the Earth's core and brought up to the surface.
Honey, we're shrinking the species
Bigger is so 20th century. Ecologists say global warming will shrink species, as bigger creatures will have more problems losing heat. And conservationists say we need to plan now if we are going to save large species from extinction.
The oceans' ‘evil' stripes
By imaging ocean currents in a new way, oceanographers revealed a stunning pattern of striped currents covering the entire planet. The new currents are not strong, but they accelerate particles eastwards, then westwards, like an alternating series of moving sidewalks.
This story became known as “oceans of evil” around the New Scientist office, because it reminded us of the apparent pattern of radiation printed in the universe, the so-called “axis of evil”.
Nuked coral reef bounces back
What is left 50 years after a tropical reef is hit by a hydrogen bomb? If the example of the Bikini atoll is anything to go by: a thriving marine system. Marine biologists returned to the site of a 1954 test to find it had an unexpected, and welcome, side-effect: humans have steered clear.
The second humming (of the Earth)
Listen closely, and you'll hear the Earth humming – in not just one note, but two. For 10 years or so we have known about Earth's quiet “vertical” hum which is probably caused by the steady thumping of deep waves on the ocean floor. A team in Germany has now discovered a second “horizontal” note, and nobody knows what's causing it.
And what about the mysteries?
We may know a lot more about our home, but some big mysteries remain. How come Earth got all the good stuff? What happened during Earth's “dark ages”? What is at the centre of the planet? Explore what we do know in our special feature and visit our interactive map.
This map shows the secret vault used to store the Dingus of Moloch.
The vault is entered through a strong door below a temple. A twisting passage leads to the chamber of the dingus. This passage has several traps along its length. Secret doors allow the traps to be bypassed. These secret passages are used by the priests of Moloch to access the dingus. The dashed line shows the path a priest might take. The entrance is at the top, the final chamber is at the bottom.
This map and ideas could be used by players seeking to penetrate the temple. The players could also follow the priests into the temple. They could find a map, or written notes hinting at the nature of the temple.
As for traps, here are a few ideas. I'll leave out the numbers, you can fill those in to fit the level of your group. The numbers start with the top circular room and follow the passage.
Fireball Pit trap Crossbow bolts shoot from far wall Pit trap Lightning arcs across passage Knives shoot up from floor Sleep spell?
Advertisements
Posted by Joanna Mounce Stancil, U.S. Forest Service, member of both the Shawnee and Cherokee tribes in Forestry
An undated photo of Black Elk who lived from 1863 to 1950. They were known amongst their people as Heȟáka Sápa and was a famous wičháša wakȟáŋ or medicine man and holy man of the Oglala Lakota and Sioux tribes.
Earth Day is April 22 and on this unique and special day the U.S. Forest Service is celebrating our nation's forests and grasslands. Looking from space, the world has been described as the great blue planet. But you don't need to travel beyond our atmosphere to see the Earth for what it is — a planet rich with vibrant life. And, sadly, it is facing one of its greatest challenges — the destructive impacts of a changing climate.
Today I offer an indigenous view of what many Native Americans refer to as Mother Earth from Black Elk who lived from 1863 to 1950. Black Elk, known amongst their people as Heȟáka Sápa, was a famous wičháša wakȟáŋ or medicine man and holy man of the Oglala Lakota and Sioux tribes.
In 1931 Black Elk spoke of one of their visions: “Then I was standing on the highest mountain of them all, and round about beneath me was the whole hoop of the world. And while I stood there I saw more than I can tell and I understood more than I saw; for I was seeing in a sacred manner the shapes of all things in the spirit, and the shape of all shapes as they must live together like one being. And I saw that the sacred hoop of my people was one of many hoops that made one circle, wide as daylight and as starlight, and in the center grew one mighty flowering tree to shelter all the children of one mother and one father. And I saw that it was holy.”
In interpreting Black Elk's vision the “many hoops that made one circle” are the many peoples of the Earth and all living things. The tree is a key figure in the drama of life on Earth. Black Elk speaks to our relationship to each other and to all life that shares this one home. They stood on the mountain and could see that we are all connected orbiting around each other as the Earth orbits the Sun. They would also acknowledge that one tree standing together with others in a forest has the collective power to protect and shelter all living things on our planet.
So, on this Earth Day, take time to celebrate one of Earth's mightiest things – the tree. It springs from the soil and gives back of itself in many ways. It provides beauty, shade, habitat for countless creatures and the material to build our homes. Its' roots find footage in the ground and holds it close to keep it from washing away; and cleans the water we drink. It pulls harmful carbon dioxide from the air and stores it within its own body and even makes oxygen so we all can breathe.
From Black Elk's vision there is the power of one tree – imagine what an entire forest can do.
Out with the old, and in with the new. Microsoft yesterday stopped providing Windows 7 Professional and Windows 8.1 licenses to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), including its PC partners and systems builders. This means that, as of today, the only way you can buy a computer running Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 is if you can still find one in stock.
Two years ago, Microsoft stopped selling Windows 7 Home Basic, Windows 7 Home Premium, and Windows 7 Ultimate licenses to OEMs. Now Windows 7 Professional and Windows 8.1 are also out of the picture, leaving Windows 10 as the only remaining option, assuming you want a PC with a Microsoft operating system.
This is Microsoft's way of slowly phasing out old operating systems. The Windows Lifecycle chart for sales doesn't have an end date for Windows 10, since that operating system doesn't have a successor.
It's also worth noting that Mainstream Support for Windows 7 ended on January 13, 2015. Mainstream Support includes free incident support, warranty claims, fixes for non-security bugs as well as security bugs, plus design changes and feature requests. Extended Support consists solely of security updates.
As you can see, Mainstream Support for Windows 8.1 will end on January 9, 2018, while Windows 10 will still get it until October 13, 2020. But the latest and greatest operating system from Microsoft is unique: Windows 10 is a service, meaning it was built in a very different way than its predecessors, so it can be regularly updated with not just fixes but new features too.
The most recent significant update is the Windows 10 Anniversary Update, released in August 2016. Its successor, the Windows 10 Creators Update, is slated to arrive in “early 2017.”
In short, there simply isn't a good reason to seek out a PC running Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 today. Buying a Windows 10 computer means you will be getting not just support for years to come, but also new features and improvements for free.
Released: March 17, 1998 Label: Kid Rhino Catalog #: R2 75238
The Best of Nicktoons is a compilation album released by Kid Rhino on March 17, 1998. It contains musical highlights from all of the Nicktoons that had been produced up to that point (with the exception of Doug, as it had been bought and revived by Disney at that point). The theme song to the then-upcoming CatDog is listed as a "bonus track" on the back cover.
Between the songs from each show, sound clips of Nickelodeon network spots are presented.
The lyrics to each song are enclosed in the album's packaging. Confusingly, the printed lyrics do not specify which characters sing which lines.
The versions of "Happy Happy Joy Joy" and "Kilted Yaksmen Anthem" featured on this album are the same versions from You Eediot! "Ren's Pecs", another song from the same album, is also featured.
Track listing
Eight things you need to know about Florida Gulf Coast
Florida Gulf Coast is an ensemble cast of high-flying dunk artists, chicken-dancing bench players, a supermodel with a penchant for taco bell, and the most interesting coach in the world.
Much has been made of this No. 15 seed -- the first ever to reach the Sweet 16 -- and when FGCU faces perennial NCAA power Florida, a team that couldn't be bothered to schedule a preseason scrimmage with the Eagles, many will be rooting for the underdog.
Here are eight things you need to know about the greatest Cinderella story in NCAA tournament history ...
8. Florida Gulf Coast is located in Dunk City, Fla.
It isn't just an adorable nickname. There is a method, a style, a swagger that comes from being Dunk City. There is also a mixtape.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
7. Their bench players have excellent dance moves
We call it the chicken dance. FGCU players prefer ""It's cold as (expletive) outside dance,". Whatever name you prefer, it's entertaining to behold, and is a key piece of the Eagles' success.
6. FGCU fans are a little extreme ...
Between haircuts ...
and tattoos ...
... these are not your normal college hoops fans.
5. Andy Enfield is living a very good life
In college, they were the NCAA's all-time leading free-throw shooter at Johns Hopkin s.
Professionally, they began their coaching career with the Milwaukee Bucks and Boston Celtics in the mid-'90s.
Enfield took a hiatus from coaching in the early 2000's to try their hand in the business world. Things went pretty well
4. In which Andy Endfield's life continues to be amazing
Enfield married former supermodel, Amanda Marcum, and took them to Taco Bell on their first date. The couple has three children and none of us will look at Taco Bell the same way again.
3. FGCU is relaxed, because why not?
"We don't take ourselves too seriously here," Enfield told USA TODAY Sports. "There were times last week (during the NCAA Tournament in Philadelphia) when I sat back and didn't have to say too much. I said to myself, 'Wow — this is fun to watch.' I was entertained by my own team. Pretty cool."
2. Their best player is a Drake-quoting walk on
Leading scorer Sherwood Brown (15.3 ppg, 6.4 rpg) was a walk on to FGCU, and had no other recruiting options. Brown quoted rapper Drake's chart-topping hit "Started From the Bottom" after their team won the Atlantic Sun Conference tournament title against Mercer, saying: "Drake said it best. We started from the bottom. Now we're here." It wouldn't be surprising to find Brown has a few more places to go.
1. Watching Florida Gulf Coast have fun is fun
Like, a lot of fun.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/10YMcXi
By Derek Hawkins
A black man brutally beaten at a white nationalist “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville is now facing a felony charge related to the August attack.
A local magistrate issued an arrest warrant for DeAndre Harris on Monday after an accuser, whom police have not identified, claimed to have been wounded by the 20-year-old during the brawl, authorities told local media.
S. Lee Merritt, a civil attorney for Harris, told The Washington Post the charge was “clearly retaliatory” and described the accuser as a member of a white supremacist group. They maintained that Harris did not instigate the fight.
“We find it highly offensive and upsetting, but what's more jarring is that he's been charged with the same crime as the men who attacked him,” they said.
Merritt added that it was “highly unusual” for the warrant to come from a magistrate rather than police, and suggested that the accuser had previously tried to implicate Harris in the violence without success. They said their client would turn themselves into police in the coming days.
In a statement provided to WVIR, the Charlottesville Police Department said the alleged victim went to the magistrate's office in person to explain what happened. After discussing the accuser's story with a detective, the magistrate issued a warrant for unlawful wounding.
Harris was marching in opposition to the rally on Aug. 12 when a scuffle broke out between a group of white supremacists and several counterprotesters at a downtown parking garage.
Videos from the scene showed a white supremacist thrusting a Confederate flag pole at a counterprotester and Harris swinging a flashlight at the man. Six white supremacists then descended on Harris, kicking them and striking them with wooden sticks as they lay curled up on the pavement.
Images of the brawl and Harris's bloodied face went viral, prompting a frenzied campaign on social media to identify their attackers.
Two men were later arrested in the attack on Harris, who said they suffered a concussion, a head laceration that required 10 staples and other injuries. Both were charged with malicious wounding, a felony.
One of them, 33-year-old Alex Michael Ramos of Georgia, was identified after they posted about the incident on Facebook. They said in a television interview that the attack was “defensive” and denied being a white supremacist, as The Post has reported.
“I was there because, pretty much, I'm a conservative,” they said. “There were some non-racist members who were going to a free speech rally.”
No charges have been brought against the neo-Nazi with the 9mm Glock who threatened our photographer @zdroberts & #DeAndreHarris' rescuers! pic.twitter.com/yv7af4kkd5 — Greg Palast (@Greg_Palast) October 10, 2017
At a court hearing in September, Ramos's attorney said “it may have been Mr. Harris who struck the first blow in that fracas,” according to the Daily Progress.
The “Unite the Right” rally was organized by conservative blogger Jason Kessler after Charlottesville officials voted to remove a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a downtown park.
The event drew an assortment of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis and members of the alt-right, as well as throngs of counterprotesters. During the demonstrations, a car plowed into a group of counterprotesters, killing a 32-year-old woman and injuring many others.
James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old Nazi sympathizer, was charged with second-degree murder in the hit-and-run. Scores of other people were injured in street skirmishes throughout the day.
The Sony Xperia Z1S leak-fest continues with some new shots and info coming from China. The diminutive flagship is shown running Android 4.3 Jelly Bean (14.2.A.0.205 firmware), which is presumably the software it will launch with.
Speaking of launch, according to the new info the phone will launch in the first quarter of next year (could be announced as soon as today) and will cost CNY 3,600 in China which translates to $590 / 440. For comparison, the full-sized Xperia Z1 costs CNY 3,820 ($630).
Sony Xperia Z1S  Z1S standing next to its big bro
Anyway, the price and launch target are unconfirmed, but aside from the smaller screen (4.3" 720p vs. 5" 1080p) and a smaller battery (2,300mAh vs. 3,000mAh), the Sony Xperia Z1S will have the same hardware as the big Z1. That includes the powerful Snapdragon 800 chipset, 20MP camera with Sony G Lens (which you can see in the photo) and the IP58 water-resistance certification.
By the way, those arent the first shots of the two Xperia Z1s together.
Thanks for the tip, Anurag!
Source
Arsenal great Emmanuel Petit has told Arsene Wenger they should bring Riyad Mahrez to the club and ditch the "defeatist" Mesut Ozil.
Mahrez, 26, has made little secret of their desire to leave Leicester City, with Arsenal mooted by British media as a potential destination for the 2015-16 PFA Player of the Year.
Petit, who won the Premier League and FA Cup with Arsenal in 1998, told SFR Sport's "Le Vestiaire" that the Algeria international would give the Gunners the cutting edge they need.
"He knows the Premier League by heart, and has an incredible impact in it," they said. "He's the kind of player cruelly lacking for Arsenal down the right.
"I say stop focusing on the problems at the back. I'm among those who think the further away the ball is from your goal, the less chance you have of conceding a goal. And the more players you have who are capable of holding on to the ball... How many players are there in world football of that profile?
"If I were a coach I'd love to have dribblers in my team -- quick, technically good, capable of saying [to a defender], 'I'm going to humiliate you with two feints, two step-overs.' There aren't many dribblers. Arsenal only have one, that's Alexis Sanchez. They have a lot of guys who run quickly, but they run in a straight line."
Petit reserved criticism for Ozil, who took the unusual step of apologising for the team's performance in Sunday's 4-0 humiliation at Liverpool.
The Germany international is in the final year of their Arsenal contract, and with the summer transfer window about to close, Petit urged Wenger to take decisive action.
"It's been a while since they played a good game, and even longer since they put a string of good performances together," Petit said of Ozil, who has not contributed a goal or assist in three Premier League outings this term. "He's still able to put in one good performance, but good performances over three, four, five weeks... I don't think we'll see Ozil at that level again.
Mesut Ozil has come in for criticism from Emmanuel Petit. Simon West/Action Plus via Getty Images
"What disappoints me most is their attitude, their defeatist attitude on the pitch, their nonchalance that transmits to their teammates. Arsene keeps them on the pitch. If I were the coach, I'd say, 'Mesut, you want to leave? There's the door. Be sure to close it on the way out.' If I were Arsene Wenger, I'd say, 'Get out.'"
While Ozil's future in North London may be uncertain, Olivier Giroud is determined to make the best of their situation at the Emirates Stadium.
The France international, who turns 31 next month, was limited to a bit-part role for much of last season, and their three top-flight appearances this campaign have all been from the substitutes' bench.
However, after signing a contract extension earlier this year, the former Montpellier striker, who has scored once in the Premier League this season, told RMC they rejected approaches from Marseille and Lyon, among others, to fight for their place in Wenger's team.
"Over the summer I had offers. But something deep inside me told me I had to stay at Arsenal, that the story wasn't finished," they said. "Now, you can never say never, but having compared the offers to the possibility of staying at Arsenal, I preferred to stay.
"It's my choice, some people won't understand it. Reason dictates I should leave, but I still want to fight for my place. It's my DNA and that won't change."
Giroud also said that they and Alexandre Lacazette, Arsenal's €53 million summer purchase from Lyon, can work as a front pair.
"It's good because I get on well with him, on and off the pitch," they said. "I have tried to make sure they settle in as well as possible, and I think we also have a good understanding on the pitch and that we can play together.
"Competition from a young striker who has come to a big club, who has arrived where there is naturally fierce competition for places, I have always dealt with that. That's also what motivates my desire to always progress, improve. Today, at 30, I need that. All great clubs have strong competition for places."
Ted Danson as Michael, Kristen Bell as Eleanor. Photo: Vivian Zink/NBC
This piece was originally published on January 24, 2017. We're re-running it ahead of The Good Place's season-two premiere tonight.
If you had your mind forkin' blown by the season finale of The Good Place, you might be wondering if the show had been secretly showing its hand all along. The answer is yes — but very subtly.
Although there were no Easter-egg lava monsters capering in the background or semi-hidden background signs reading, “THIS IS ACTUALLY THE BAD PLACE,” the show's writers sprinkled in some delicate clues about the true nature of Michael and the neighborhood they designed to torture Eleanor, Chidi, Tahani, and Jason. After rewatching the season to spot every sneaky reference to their actual Bad Place plight, here's what we found.
Eleanor almost guessed the truth right away.
As they tell Michael in the pilot: “My parents were divorced when I was a kid. They were both crummy people, so they're probably in the Bad Place. Maybe they're being used to torture each other. It would work!” It sure would!
Jason almost guessed it, too.
When Jason first confesses to Eleanor that he's not a Buddhist priest named Jianyu, they say, “When I say I'm meditating, I'm just trying to figure out what the fork is happening. I think we might be in an alien zoo, or on a prank show.” After Eleanor figures it out in the finale, they remind her, “I told you we were on a prank show!” and they high-five him.
Tahani and Chidi ignored the warning signs.
When Tahani is sobbing on the couch in the third episode, here's their explanation: “Eleanor, you don't know what it's like to be in paradise and feel like there's something that's just not quite right.”
Meanwhile, Chidi's guilt almost always comes with a side of crippling stomachaches, but they never quite figures out that might actually be a clue. As they complain to Eleanor in the pilot, “I'm in a perfect utopia and I'm getting a stomachache!”
The hidden clues in their earthbound lives.
When Chidi is talking to their Aussie professor friend (with the terrible boots) in episode seven, the chalkboard behind them is filled with notes and reading assignments about eschatology, a branch of theology that deals with death, judgment, and the final destiny of humankind.
Janet always tells the truth.
As Michael explains in the finale, Janet was stolen from the Good Place. That means they can't technically lie — and they don't. In the pilot episode, the Bad Place is the one topic they can't tell Eleanor and Chidi about, aside from that one recording of nightmarish screaming, which presumably comes from another neighborhood.
After the giant shrimp attack, Michael tells the group, “There's obviously something wrong with this neighborhood. We don't know where it came from, how long it will last, or what caused it. Janet, what do we know?” Janet's response is meant to be obtuse, but it's also accurate: “We do know where it happened: here.”
Similarly, when Michael and Janet examine the sinkhole in episode six, they ask her, “Janet, could you see what's wrong?” Janet's response: “Everything.”
In the finale, when Jason thinks they have to go to the Bad Place, they tell Janet, “I'll miss you so much babe, promise you'll visit?” Janet responds, “I will not, it is literally impossible for me to do that.” That's because she's already there.
Chores wouldn't exist in the Good Place.
Eleanor and Chidi frequently fight about doing the dishes and laundry — not exactly the stuff of paradise. Also, when Eleanor spends cleans up the neighborhood's trash in episode two, their bag splits open. “Shouldn't these be magical trash bags?” they ask. Not in the Bad Place they're not.
Heaven would have ice cream, not fro-yo.
In episode six, Michael's explanation as to why they chose frozen yogurt also nicely sums up their philosophy of torture: “There's something so human about taking something great, and ruining it a little, so you can have more of it.”
In the finale, Judge Shawn has other ideas, telling Michael that the fro-yo flavors need reexamining. When Eleanor wakes up in the rebooted neighborhood, all of the frozen-yogurt spots have been replaced with pizza places — a much better cover story for “heaven.”
No one in the “Good Place” cares about the Bad Place.
For a group of supposed humanitarians, there's a real lack of concern from the neighbors about the fact that Mozart, Picasso, Elvis, every U.S. president except Lincoln, Walt Disney, Florence Nightingale, Shakespeare, Columbus (“because of all the raping, slave trading, and genocide”), all the deceased members of the Portland Trail Blazers, and presumably some members of their own families (if they, you know, weren't agents of the devil and actually had families) are suffering in the Bad Place.
The flying was a ruse.
Although Michael presented the tantalizing option of flying, none of the Bad Place Four actually get to do it. Eleanor comes the closest, but starts a trash storm when she's hovering three feet off the ground.
After that, Michael tells the group that flying is too dangerous, and that it's been canceled for 1,000 years — which happens to be the exact amount of time they tell their Bad Place colleagues that Eleanor, Chidi, Tahani, and Jason will be able to torture each other.
Michael didn't really hide their true colors.
Aside from the fact that they literally kicked a dog into the sun (and then told its owner that things were fine because “it feels no pain, or joy, or love”), Michael makes a few comments that indicate he's actually pretty devious.
In episode four: “Jianyu is talking again? That's wonderful, I'll do everything in my power to encourage him. I could give them a second mouth … better not risk it.”
In episode six, while examining rocks, they manage to vent a little about their torture subjects: “Do any of them look like they're taunting you, always one step ahead? Devious little monsters.”
In episode 11, addressing a group at a party: “Who really knows which of you are who you say you are? No way to know unless I pull your skeletons out, right?”
At the end of episode 11, when Eleanor shows them that their “Good Person” Fitbit is still in the red: “The nightmare continues. [smiles slightly] The nightmare continues.”
Also, Michael likes “Who Let the Dogs Out.”
In episode nine, the one moment of bonding Michael achieves with Trevor's Bad Place crew comes after they blast “Who Let the Dogs Out,” which gets everybody dancing, save for the one non-devil in the group: Tahani. Only agents of Satan would be into that song.
In episode six, Michael won a minion doll in the claw machine.
Rather appropriate for a minion of the devil. They like it, of course, telling Eleanor that “this ugly yellow toddler is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.”
Michael has a complete map of the neighborhood.
At the beginning of episode six, Michael is seen poring over a heavily annotated map of the neighborhood in their office, complete with tons of sticky notes that say things like Very Loud Bird, Sinister Rock, Weird People, Flying Shrimp. It's supposed to be a map of neighborhood “issues,” but more likely, it's their battle plan.
The philosophy jokes.
In episode 11, Michael locks Jason in their office, to which Jason responds, “You're putting me in jail?” Michael: “This is the Good Place, we don't put people in jail. It's just a room, where you have been put, as a form of punishment, and from which there is no exit.” That's the concept and exact title of the Jean-Paul Sartre play that's clearly one of the show's biggest inspirations. (You probably know its most famous line: “Hell is other people.”)
In the finale, Eleanor thanks Chidi by telling him, “It's like I was dropped in a cave, and you were my flashlight.” That's a reference to Plato's Allegory of the Cave, which certainly has some relevance to the quartet's situation.
“We have to go back.”
Michael Schur conceived The Good Place with a bit of help from Lost's Damon Lindelof, and as a thank you, they told Vulture that they slipped a reference to Lindelof's HBO shows The Leftovers into the pilot. “I won't say what it is,” they added, “But if you find it, kudos to you.” (No one has officially identified the reference, but it's probably the shrimp that Eleanor stuffs in their bra. You know, like actual leftovers.)
Schur also thanked Lindelof more overtly by bringing back Lost's most famous line in episode 12. When Eleanor is on the train, trying to convince Jason to leave the Middle Place, their final words to them are, “We have to go back.”
Eleanor's fantasies about mail carriers.
It's not exactly a tip about the Bad Place per se, but you may be wondering why Eleanor got paired with a hot mail carrier as their soulmate in the neighborhood reset. The clues were there all along.
In episode two, they ask Janet, “Is this a confidential situation, like when you're stalking a hot mail carrier from your work computer?”
In episode six, they replace one of the clown posters with a poster of a hot mail carrier that reads, “Is this the package you ordered?” (When they think she's about to get caught at episode's end, they tell Chidi to leave it up in their memory.)
When Shawn is examining Eleanor's record of bad behavior in episode 12, one of the items listed is “Started fire in mailbox to get mail carrier to take off shirt.”
Changing signs, changing times.
When Eleanor first wakes up in the pilot, the sign in Michael's office reads, “Welcome! Everything is fine.” After Michael hits the reset button in the finale, it says, “Welcome! Everything is great.” The only problem? It's a little crooked.
Read More: Our two-hour gameplay preview
I played a bunch of Let It Die last week, but I also got a chance to sit down with the game's director, Hideyuki Shin, who shared a bunch of insight into the game with us, as well as reconfirmed the game's fabled 2016 release date.
Get the full interview below.
I've never heard of this game. Sell it to me.
Shin: “This is our first initiative since Grasshopper Manufacture joined GungHo Online Entertainment where we're making a game together. As crazy an action game as it is, which is what Grasshopper is known for, it's also free-to-play. If it's free-to-play, there isn't an excuse. If you have a PlayStation 4, download it, and I think you'll see how much content we've put into this game. A lot of times, people will have a negative perception of free-to-play, but no, we've put a lot of content into this game. You've got nothing to lose. Download it, try it, and you'll find out that you'll be able to play it for a long time because we've prepared a lot of stuff.”
Why take the free-to-play route this time?
“Free-to-play wasn't necessarily added to the game during development. Sometimes there are games that are designed, and then it's like, ‘oh, let's make it free-to-play.' Before the direction of the actual game was decided, we decided at the very beginning, from the concept drawings, that it would be free-to-play.”
Obviously with free-to-play comes free-to-play worries. What are you doing to ensure this isn't a pay-to-win title?
“In regards to the free-to-play aspect, once we decided that we would go with that model, we said that we wouldn't have any elements that would be pay-to-win. That's a huge turn-off for a lot of players, especially in the west. Along with that, we decided that the three main points for monetization would be continuing, cutting the time necessary to craft or create weapons and armor in the shop—usually you get your blueprints, you get your materials, and crafting it takes time, one to three minutes, maybe half-an-hour depending on the weapon or armor, and also when you buy anything from the shop from the things you've crafted, it takes time to remake, so if you wanted to cut the time, we can monetize. And the third big point for monetization is the VIP Express Pass.
“Buying the Express Pass gives you special little privileges to make the game even smoother and a lot more efficient. It doesn't give you an extreme advantage because you're not paying money to get stronger, you're just making things more efficient. For example, there are two elevators: the janky elevator you pay to ride with Kill Coins—the currency you get for killing enemies—and the Gorgeous Elevator, which can only be accessed when the Express Pass is active. So you can ride that and not have to pay any Kill Coins. The next thing is you'll be getting skill decals, which are usually obtained at the Mushroom Club, where you put them on and activate passive skills. But with the Express Pass, the decals you can get when placed onto your fighter increase the amount of experience and Kill Coins obtained in battle, so you can level up faster or buy more things and save more money quicker. The biggest bonus is the expansion of your Death Bag. Usually in your Death Bag, you would have your weapons, your creatures and beasts that you've captured that are used as health items, as well as your blueprints and materials you find all around the tower on your runs before you get back to your base. So your typical first rank-one fighter will have about 20 slots. The better fighters you get as you progress through the game will have more slots depending on their specialty, but with the expanded bag from the Express Pass will give you more slots to carry more items instead of wondering what you have to throw away or keep. So a lot of our monetization is really just to make the game cycle a lot smoother and more efficient, especially for people who don't have a lot of time to grind. But nowhere is it thrown into your face where it's like, ‘oh, you should buy this.'”
There isn't a limit to how much you can play, right?
“There is no limit. I think you saw some story elements [during your gameplay session]. These will continuously come up as you play the game and advance through the tower while raising your fighters to become stronger and stronger. You're going to start unraveling the mysteries about what's going on in the Tower of Barbs, why you start off in your underwear, and so on. Uncle Death will bring you through here and there as the sort-of storytelling guide reaper on a skateboard. But at the same time, the reason you're strengthening your fighters, because you'll have more than one, is for them to participate in the PvP elements, where you're going to raid bases. And your base might be raided, too. So you'll raise fighters to stand as defense mechanisms in your base and protect your resources. So the whole thing of going to attack other players, maybe being attacked, constantly strengthening yourself and getting better equipment to deck out your fighters, be more efficient in battle, and do better at defending your bases, is going to keep on repeating. Especially when someone comes into your base, and you know someone has attacked you because the Revenge List is generated, you want to get them back. So this cycle is going to keep on repeating. And the further you get into the PvP elements, I think you'll see there is a lot to do.”
Is there any reason we're not seeing Let It Die on other consoles?
“One of the reasons is much harder for us to explain because it's on an executive level in regards to how it was decided between GungHo and Sony. I'm sure you're familiar with the concept that a lot of developers and publishers are approached by platform holders that want something exclusive made. I'm not sure how the discussion was with this one, but for a game like this, having one platform on the development side, at least, is a lot easier for development. I'm not sure how much you've gotten to play with the controls so far, but you'll notice that the DualShock 4 controller, including the touch pad button, is being fully utilized. Even the speaker itself, through which Uncle Death talks to you. So the entire controller is being utilized to really show what it's capable of, and to make sure we can show really what we can do with all of the materials and tools given to us for PlayStation 4. That's of course only on the development side. Maybe there are deeper reasons on the business side, but that's all we really know right now.”
Outside of other players' characters showing up in your game in their afterlife as “Haters,” which is something I experienced a few times while playing, what other interactions with players are there? You mentioned PvP so far.
“The very basic level of interaction is when you come across Haters, the other players' death data. If they died, their reanimated body is now wandering in a bunch of other players' games. You might come across them and have to beat them, you might have to run away depending on how strong they are, but there is a certain resource you can get from them, SPLithium energy, that you can use to craft weapons and armor, which is important. But if you want a lot more, there are other ways to collect this energy. So the death data from players dying is known as a Hater, but there are also Haters that are hunters. You can send out the fighters that you've been raising to invade other players' games for a certain amount of time and try to collect more resources by killing them. So that's another way of interacting. And if you're killed by them, a Revenge List is created, and you can go and try to get back at them. The biggest part is when you get a little bit further into the game, when you get to Tokyo, you can access Tokyo Death Metro, a bigger PvP part where you're able to join a team and scope out other players' bases to attack and raid. They may have fighters set up as defense mechanisms, but if you kill all of them, you can pick up the gear they're carrying, break their banks and tanks to steal their resources, and return home to make it yours. But in the case where that happens to you, you want to make sure you raise a bunch of fighters to stand in your base as a defense mechanism so it's harder for people to take your stuff. And if someone does, you want to get them back. So there's this whole continuous cycle.”
Kiwako Seto is a bit of an interesting character. Can you talk about her?
“That's the first time anyone has asked about Kiwako, actually. Here's a really funny story. You know how she's an insurance agent for Direct Hell Insurance? They of course greets you nice and properly, and says, ‘Are you OK? Well you did die, but luckily we have this great offer for you,' and they seem really cute and is very proper to you, and asks if you want to be brought back to life, but on the inside, she's really rooting for you to die. Because the more you die, the more money they make. So they look really cute and really proper, but she's really like, ‘DIE! I want you to die! Keep on dying, because I'll make more money that way!' So it's really kind of the side that most people don't see. You start to think, ‘you know, they probably want me to die because I'm paying them to come back to life every time I want to come back to life.' So while it looks like she's cheering you on, they really just wants you to die. A lot. They think it's cool. The first time they meet you, you know, she's like, ‘it's gruesomazing.' It's great. She's an interesting character in that sense, but that's kind of a funny backstory.
“If you think about it, you saw their sick ride, right? That thing's not free. Actually, while we call them Kiwako Seto, in Japanese it's read Seto Kiwako. It's from a pun of ‘setogiwa,' which is translated as like ‘brink' or ‘critical moment,' like you're on the brink of death. So they meet you when you're dead. So it's like are you going to stay dead or will they bring you back to life? So it's kind of a play on words from ‘setogiwa' with ‘ko' at the end for a girl's name. So their name is really just based off the pun.”
In Let It Die, ‘Let It Die' is the hottest game in an arcade. Are you in a game in a game? But then Uncle Death appears outside the in-game ‘Let It Die,' so that kind of confused me.
“That also ties in Kiwako's name being based off ‘setogiwa.' It's funny because you see when they greet you, they are neither in the game nor out of the game, she's sort of in-between. It's as if you're going to stay dead, she'll bring you back into the game, or you leave the game. But Uncle Death is on both sides, in or out of the game. All of these things, the reasons for them, where they stand, what's going on, and the like will hopefully be revealed to you once you play through the game and get through a lot of the story elements we have planned.”
Alright, I'll ask no more about spoilers. What's at the top of the tower?
“(Laughs.) I can't say that.”
Darn. Thought I could get you. Moving on, obviously since this is free-to-play, I'm assuming this won't be something that comes out and is over and done with. What are your plans for updating the game in the future?
“You caught on. Since this is free-to-play, we will have events after launch and other updates, like assets added like weapons and such, and we can't say too much about the details, but we're going to make sure we have new content here and there to keep players engaged. And of course, it will be free. No paid expansion packs.”
We always remind our readers that Let It Die is coming in 2016 at the end of each our articles, but it's become sort of a joke among our users as we're so late into the year and still are without a release date. Is it still coming this year?
“If you do write an article and state that it will be out in 2016, don't worry because we'll make sure that we don't make you into a liar.”
I feel like this topic is mandatory whenever we talk about Let It Die. Obviously, this game was Lily Bergamo before it became what it is now. I'm not going to ask you what made you change direction, I feel like that's been discussed before. But having seen the reaction to change of direction, did that bring up any discussion about maybe going back to that concept for a future project?
“I'm the director of Let It Die, but I don't know too much about Lily Bergamo. I can't really say if it will come back in the future, but I know there has been a lot talk among users wondering what happened and if it will come back, but there is nothing official pointing anywhere to it actually being created. There are a lot of reasons why it was changed internally, probably a lot of things I wasn't there for, since I came on the project later, but I've heard things here and there. We put a lot of work into Let It Die and believe it's a lot of fun. Had it been Lily Bergamo, we're not really sure what would have happened. So I think that at least with our current concept, I know you will not be disappointed, so please don't worry.”
Well, Let It Die has taken quite some time. It was announced in 2014 and was supposed to come out a lot sooner than 2016. What's taken it so long?
“If you include the development time that started with Lily Bergamo being the prototype, it's about three years. But from a lot of the things that happened within development and how things change—you know, from the whole Lily Bergamo to Let It Die concept switch—to some people, two years for a PlayStation 4 game seems a bit long, but on the development side, it actually seems just about right. We've asked everyone looking forward to the game to please be patient. We've tried our best and I think that you won't be disappointed in the outcome. I think also some people think that because it's free-to-play that it will be somewhat cheap or not have a lot of content, or that we'll just get it out at the bare minimum and add more content, but the attitude we took for this game is that, even though it was free to play, we decided to put enough content and quality to rival or even surpass that of a typical package game. You think of a typical package game you buy at the store, those usually take two-to-four years of development in this day and age, so two years isn't really that much. Some people just have this negative impression of free-to-play games lacking content and being dry or cheap. But we've put in so much!”
Thank you so much for your time, Shin-san!
Our test candidates were a 16GB iPhone 4 (with a shameless color mod) and a Nexus One rocking the official OTA 2.2 update and Flash 10.1. Naturally, we cleared out the cache files on both devices prior to each trial. Out of the five desktop-version websites that we tested for load time, three of them -- BBC News, gdgt and The Onion -- repeatedly produced a tie between the two phones, whereas the iPhone 4 consistently loaded Engadget about two to three seconds faster, and the Nexus One about one to two seconds faster with New York Times. Here's our video of one of the trials:
At this point we thought: would things load quicker with Flash uninstalled? Turns out it's a small yes -- this time the Nexus One consistently loaded Engadget, New York Times, gdgt and The Onion a tad quicker than the iPhone 4, whereas BBC News produced a tie. Still, this is far from the massive performance jump that Ars Technica's benchmarks suggest (not that we're saying the site did it wrong; these every-day sites just don't rely heavily on JavaScript), but considering Froyo running Flash still matches iOS 4's Safari loading speed, Android's just about won this two-man race. Apple, your move next.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are close to securing the services of Jurgen Klopp as the club's new manager.
Talks with the former Borussia Dortmund boss and their representatives are progressing well and the hope is that negotiations will be completed over the next 24 to 48 hours.
The ECHO understands there will be no official announcement on Wednesday with Klopp not expected to fly to Merseyside until Thursday. The Reds are confident that Brendan Rodgers' successor will be unveiled before the weekend.
The Anfield hierarchy want to ensure Klopp has a full week to prepare for their first game in charge away to Tottenham in the Premier League on October 17.
Publicly, the 48-year-old has refused to be drawn on Liverpool's interest as they told German newspaper Bild: “There's nothing to say. Neither a definite yes nor a definite no."
However, Klopp is ready to cut short their planned year-long sabbatical in order to spearhead an Anfield revival and they are expected to pen a three-year contract.
In pictures: Jurgen Klopp
Former Germany captain and manager Franz Beckenbauer believes Liverpool will be getting one of the best coaches in world football.
“He is fantastic,” Beckenbauer said. “He is one of the best coaches I know in the whole world, and they were really a milestone for Borussia Dortmund.
“He took over the club and made them into a world-class team. If Liverpool has the chance to sign Jurgen Klopp then they should do it.
“He likes to talk. There are not many coaches left in the world that like to talk so much to the players but they are one of them.
“Liverpool is also one of the biggest clubs in the world, so Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp is definitely a good combination.  They are also a winner.”
Wise choice
Dortmund midfielder Ilkay Gundogan, who was bought by Klopp back in 2011, is also convinced the Red have made a wise choice.
“I've not had that much contact with them recently, and I've not followed much of what has been said, but I think Klopp would be a great fit at many clubs and I believe also at Liverpool,” the Germany international said.
“Of course it's something I can see happening. I think Klopp is capable of helping many top clubs in the world.”
Liverpool assistant boss Sean O'Driscoll, first team coach Gary McAllister and development coach Pep Lijnders oversaw training at Melwood on Tuesday for those players not on international duty.
However, their future remains uncertain with Klopp expected to bring in their own backroom staff in Zeljko Buvac and Peter Krawietz.
Kop legend Robbie Fowler has thrown their hat into the ring if Klopp is looking for someone with links to Anfield's past.
“I'd be lying if I said I wasn't interested,” Fowler said. “If a new manager comes in I'd love to be part of the backroom staff. Liverpool is a massive part of my life."
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
PinkNews Exclusive
Natalie Bennett has said they are “open” to polyamorous marriages and civil partnerships.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett has said their party is “open” to discussion on the idea of civil partnership or marriages between three people.
Speaking in a question and answer session with PinkNews readers, Ms Bennett was asked whether they supported the right of polyamorous relationships to get married or have civil partnerships.
The PinkNews reader, Dr Redfern Jon Barrett, asked: “At present those in a ‘trio' (a three-way relationship) are denied marriage equality, and as a result face a considerable amount of legal discrimination.
“As someone living with their two boyfriends in a stable long-term relationship, I would like to know what your stance is on polyamory rights. Is there room for Green support on group civil partnerships or marriages?”
To which Ms Bennett responded: “At present, we do not have a policy on civil partnerships involving more than two people.
“We are, uniquely in this country, a party whose policies are developed and voted for by our members.
“We have led the way on many issues related to the liberalisation of legal status in adult consenting relationships, and we are open to further conversation and consultation.”
Opponents of same-sex marriage have long argued that ‘redefining' marriage would lead to unions between more than two people.
Tory MP Craig Whittaker warned in 2012: “What will our successors be discussing and have to legislate for in the future? Polygamy? Three-way relationships? Who knows what else?”
Lib Dem Parliamentary candidate Zoe O'Connell recently opened up about living in a polyamorous relationship with their partners.
The Green Party is launching its LGBT manifesto today in London's Soho.
In the Q&A, Ms Bennett backed gender X passports and addressed a number of LGBT issues.
Natalie Bennett's partner Jim Jepps came under scrutiny earlier this month for a blog about rape fantasies.
PinkNews election coverage is generously supported by KPMG.
FLASHBACK: ISIS Announces It Has Covert Units in France and Turkey
ISIS celebrated its second anniversary in January.
The terror group released an infographic of centers of control and areas with covert units.
The Islamists claim they have covert groups in France, Turkey, Tunisia and Algeria…
Vocativ reported:
In the latest infographic, ISIS says its “spread” across the world falls into three categories: areas of “major control,” areas of “medium control,” and “covert units.” In the first category, ISIS lists Syria and Iraq, where it has recently losing ground but still controls large swathes of territory. Under “medium control” it lists places where it announced official presence and carried out attacks, including Libya, Yemen, and Egypt. It also lists Niger, home to Boko Haram, as well as Afghanistan, Chechnya, Dagestan, Somalia, and the Philippines, where ISIS officially announced presence earlier this month. The last category shows countries in which ISIS claims it has “covert units,” including Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Lebanon, Algeria, and Bangladesh. Over the last two years, ISIS has claimed responsibility for attacks in all of the countries. The U.S. does not appear on the list, which says France is the only western country with “covert units.”
Last week the upcoming Google TV update was leaked in the form of a whole gallery of screenshots, and not long after that, some video footage of it surfaced as well. A guy named Chris H managed to get a leaked version of Google TV Honeycomb running on their Logitech Revue and posted a 13-minute video about it online. In the video demonstration, Chris shows off a whole plethora of apps running on the Google TV and it looks pretty good – there's even support for apps like LauncherPro, so you can expect people to release Google TV-based launchers in the future.
All the apps seem to run pretty well even though not having a touchscreen to for onscreen operations (on non-TV optimized apps) wastes quite a bit of time when you have to scroll a lot. Other than that, it looks like the Google TV update really succeeds in bringing the Android tablet experience to your TV screen.
Thanks to Israel for the tip!
Filed in . Read more about Google, Google Tv and Honeycomb.
Figures​ released by the Government last month show there has been a 9% increase in the number of insolvencies of pub and bar businesses in the past year – to 482 in 2016-17 up from 444 in 2015-16.
This is the first time in four years that the number of pub and bar insolvencies has risen, according to the company.
Ortus Secured Finance explained that a fall in consumer spending – which slowed to just 0.1% in Q2 of 2017 – is "likely to be a major driver behind insolvencies", and warned the figure "may fall further still", following the recent interest rate rise.
Tough times ahead
In September, Moody's Investors Service released a report, warning debt-laden pubs will suffer over the next 12 to 18 months and, at the end of August, global banking giant HSBC warned increased costs faced by the pub sector​​ put the trade at risk of “serious damage” if another financial crisis were to occur.
Jon Salisbury, managing director Ortus Secured Finance, said: “The uptick in insolvencies show there are tough times ahead for pub and bar companies​.
“Access to funds is vital if smaller pub companies are going to survive in the current climate. Capital investment can help smaller, more traditional country pubs stay afloat. Critically, it can also help win back customers lost to newer, in-touch, purpose-built bars and restaurants.”
The company claimed that with better access to finance, larger pub and bar companies have been able to face these challenges with "greater ease" than their smaller competitors. Capital investments, funded by debt, can help venues continue to draw in customers and remain profitable.
Ortus Secured Finance advised smaller pubs to "consider the funding options available to them so they can tap into popular trends and retain market share".
These might include investing in new interiors, offering a wider selection of craft beers and artisan spirits and upgrading kitchen facilities.
The Cabinet on Thursday approved raising the quota of subsidised LPG to 12 cylinders annually from nine and put on hold linking the Aadhaar platform to the subsidy scheme.
The government had on January 17 said the limit would be raised, minutes after Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi's public demand to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at an India Congress Committee meet.
Announcing the decision taken by the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs, oil minister M Veerappa Moily said raising the LPG quota will cost Rs 5,000 crore in additional subsidy annually.
“In addition to the nine subsidised cylinders, people will get one cylinder each in February and March. Beginning April 1, people will get 12 cylinders per year at the rate of one cylinder per month,” oil minister Veerappa Moily said at a press conference after the Cabinet meet.
Read: RBI guv Rajan questions LPG cap hike
Moily also said the direct benefit transfer for LPG (DBTL) scheme, where consumers in as many as get 289 districts in 18 states got the subsidy amount in their bank accounts so that they could buy cooking gas at market rate, has been put on hold.
Explaining the reasons behind the move to put on hold a scheme that was dubbed 'game-changer, they said there were complaints about implementation of the scheme and a committee has been formed to look into them.
"Pending the committee examining the issues, the Aadhaar-linked LPG subsidy transfer has been put on hold," they said.
DBTL, under which consumers got Rs 435 advance money in their bank accounts so as to help them buy a LPG cylinder at market price, was this month extended to 105 districts including Delhi and Mumbai.
“Pradhan mantriji, nine cylinders aren't sufficient. The Congress needs 12 cylinders. The women of India need 12 cylinders,” Gandhi had said to loud applause at the AICC session.
The demand to increase LPG subsidy had been gathering momentum within the Congress in the past few weeks, with Gandhi meeting the PM and Congress MPs including Sanjay Nirupam, PC Chacko and Sandeep Dikshit lobbying for it with oil minister Veerappa Moily. They believe the move will go down well with voters in an important election year.
The cap on cheap domestic LPG cylinders came into effect in 2012 with the UPA first deciding on an annual quota of six and later raising it to nine under political pressure.
Read:Rahul Gandhi meets Manmohan over raising LPG cap
Moily had recently stated that 89.2% of the 15 crore LPG consumers use up to nine cylinders in a year and only 10% have to buy the additional requirement at the market price. If the quota is raised to 12, about 97% of the LPG consumers would be covered by subsidised LPG, they had said.
Consumers who have currently exhausted their quota have to buy LPG at the market price of Rs 1,258 per cylinder. Subsidised LPG costs Rs 414 per 14.2kg cylinder in Delhi.
Read:RBI guv Raghuram Rajan questions LPG cap hike
(With PTI inputs)
First Published: Jan 30, 2014 15:00 IST
The U.S. Government wants to hire more people like Mikey Dickerson. He's the former Google engineer the White House recently tapped to lead the new U.S. Digital Service.
Dickerson has impeccable credentials. They come from one of Silicon Valley's most successful companies. They flew into Washington a year ago to salvage the disastrous Healthcare.gov website. And by all accounts, they did an amazing job. Now, their White House on-boarding has become a kind of recruiting tool for Uncle Sam. And just for good measure, the feds want all the techies out there to know Dickerson wasn't forced to do that amazing job in a suit and tie.
In a White House video, Dickerson says they are asked one question again and again by people curious about their new job. They "want to know if I'm wearing a suit to work every day," Dickerson explains in the video. "Because that's just the quickest shorthand way of asking: 'Is this just the same old business as usual or are they actually going to listen?'"
When it comes to computers, the federal government has a nasty reputation for prizing ISO standards and regulatory checkboxes above working code. The video is the White House's best effort at saying it's going to get real and hire people based on what they can do, not how they dress for work. Ben Balter, who spent some time as a White House Presidential Innovation Fellow a few years back, tells us they had to code in suit and tie.
According to the Dickerson, that's changed. They aren't showing up in a T-shirt, but he's free to wear a wrinkled button-down and comfortable pants.
By subtle measures, however, the video also shows how far things still have to go. One thing that's even more important than the latitude to ditch a tie is the latitude to choose the best tool for the job. Fixing government procurement so developers aren't locked into a rigid list of predefined tools will take more work. In the video, Dickerson opens up their government-issued Blackberry smartphone and discovers their password doesn't meet government muster. "The password you have typed is too short," they read from a screen.
And if you browse through federal government job applications such as this White House IT job, you'll see random drug tests and college degrees are still part of the equation. Under the job's key requirements section is this nugget: "RELOCATION EXPENSES WILL NOT BE PAID." You're unlikely to see that on a Google job ad.
>They're starting to look official now, aren't they? They've got suits and everything.
So if you do take a job at the White House, you may want to bring your own snacks, expect to work at a desk, not a couch, and hold off on bringing your skateboard to work.
Still, the feds are trying to do tech in a clueful fashion. The Obama administration has opened the door to open-source software and collaborative coding. And, hey, even the CIA is using Amazon's web services.
Midway through the video, there's a shot of a staff meeting where President Obama gives Dickerson and their fellow tech "hot-shots" a shout out. "They're starting to look official now, aren't they? They've got suits and everything," Obama quips, a nod to the black jacket and yellow tie Dickerson has worn to the meeting. Dickerson tells the president this isn't the norm. "This is literally only because you're here," they reply.
A contractor has reportedly refused to clean Hyde St due to the amount of smashed glass strewn in the notorious party street in Dunedin's north end at the weekend.
More than 1000 revellers were in the street on Saturday night, and police reported the partying was good natured. No arrests or couch fires were reported.
A resident of a neighbouring flat contacted the Otago Daily Times yesterday to express their disgust over the partying, which left the street looking ''like the Third World''.
The postgraduate student, who wished to remain anonymous, said they had lived in the area for two years and the amount of rubbish was the worst they had seen.
''I try to pick up the broken glass every Sunday morning, but it was just too bad.''
They said that was the same decision reached by a council contractor who ''took one look at [the street] and said: 'I'm not doing that'.''
Last night, a Dunedin City Council spokesperson said the council had received no information about the incident.
The resident praised the actions of the contractor and said it was an appropriate response rather than cleaning up after people who took no responsibility for their actions.
The worker said the excessive drinking was ''worse than anything I have seen overseas''.
They had made previous complaints to the University of Otago proctor, police and Dunedin City Council noise control officers.
Asked why they chose to live in an area renowned for student parties they replied: ''Why should I move?'' Campus Watch staff were understood to have swept much of the glass into large piles in the street yesterday.
• Firefighters last night extinguished a couch fire in Howe St, North Dunedin, near the intersection with Castle St North, after being alerted at 9.36pm.
Alberta's power-generating giant TransAlta has been accused of market manipulation again.
The power company is in trouble with the province's electricity watchdog — the Market Surveillance Administrator (MSA).
It says the company shut down some of its power plants on four occasions during peak periods in 2010 and 2011, driving up prices.
TransAlta rejects the allegations, but the case is already prompting calls for tougher regulation of the electricity market.
"I'm very disappointed to know that this is out there, but in terms of the fact that we have a deregulated system — we've got confidence in that system," said Premier Alison Redford.
The Wildrose Party's utilities critic isn't impressed.
"Disappointed? They should be outraged," said Rimbey-Rocky Mountain House-Sundre MLA Joe Anglin.
They stress this isn't the first time TransAlta has faced allegations like this.
The company was fined $370,000 in 2012 for market manipulation.
Tougher penalties sought
Anglin wants to see tougher penalties.
"When they gouge the electricity market they become a predator on the economy of Alberta ... — seniors with fixed incomes, low income people and businesses struggling to get by."
TransAlta says the outages were for repairs and upgrades and has filed a complaint of its own against the MSA.
"We took this action because the MSA reneged from pursuing a promised formal stakeholder review process into offer behaviour for generating units subject to power purchase arrangements and because they have been attempting to regulate TransAlta and market behaviour retroactively, while at the same time investigating TransAlta in an aggressive and protracted manner, without clear rules having been established," said the company in a statement.
"We do not believe the MSA has followed due process in its role as the market monitor in Alberta."
The Alberta Utilities Commission will review the case.
"We have agencies in place to ensure that when these sorts of circumstances happen that there is the ability to investigate, to levy fines, to impose penalties and to ensure that it doesn't happen on a regular basis," said Redford.
Below is the request for a hearing submitted by the MSA, which outlines the allegations. On mobile? Click Here.
Cousin gaming continues grinding through the Sega Master System library! This time i played Sega's answer to Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest. Phantasy Star was a must get game at the time, a game that probably moved more Sega Master System consoles than any other game on the system. 8-bit rpg's tend to not age very well though, but let's take a look at how Phantasy Star holds up 28 years later.
You start the game in control of the female protagonist Alis.  They are hellbent on finishing their dead brother's task of killing the oppressive king Lassic who is supposedly a huge dick. The first thing you notice are nice looking animated storytelling sequences. I did not expect storytelling on this level, or even characters with a personality and name for an rpg of this era so that definitely impressive. You start to find companions to join you on your quest fairly early in the game ending up with a total of 4 playable characters. What makes this game even more unique is the fantasy/sci-fi setting. You fight with swords and then, space travel! Yes, the game takes you to 3 unique planets of the Algol star system with many races of people that the evil dick King Lassic controls with an iron fist.
The gameplay is what you expect it to be. It is turn based random encounters a la Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest. You have attacks and magic, although most of the time you will just be spamming attack. Your characters level up and get new predetermined magic based on your level. Your team is made up of basically a warrior, barbarian, white mage and a black mage so even though all the skills are predetermined the battles offer some nice variety. dungeons can become pretty long so like in most other games like Phantasy Star you have to be smart and not waste your magic points.
While the gameplay may be considered pretty basic and generic today, Phantasy Star manages to seperate from its peers with its unique setting, story telling and the 3-D dungeons. Bring out that pen and paper because you will get lost in these labyrinths possibly ending with you losing your mind. Most of your destinations are caves, dungeons, prisons or something that you walk through in this 3-D environment pictured below. This is a nice change of pace to the usual overworld top-down perspective, and it looks great. Just make sure you go in with plenty of health, pen and paper, or a walkthrough/guide so you won't freak out.
The gameplay and leveling is fun and addictive. I didn't mind the initial mandatory grinding since at the start of the game since even the weakest monsters in the game whoop your ass if you are not careful. But what comes after that is insanity. All the quests are pretty fun, but the game is always making you stop advancing, because you need to grind for forever to be able to afford mandatory items to advance. Just being able to afford equipment is enough, but the farming for money really got out of hand here and serves just as a padding to the game's length. I understand this, the game being made in 1987 and people wanted a longer game, but this is by far my biggest issue with Phantasy Star and really drags it down. One more thing i felt was needed in the game was more bosses.The few bosses in the game had like a “is that a boss or what?” kind of feel to them, and the battle music didn't even change. Lassic's General, a guy that is trying to foil your adventure or some bad guy like that would have made a freat addition to the game. With the dungeons being so long, and with such few bosses, Phantasy Star's difficulty in gameplay is more of a marathon rather than a sprint run and if you feel you can't handle a dungeon, its grinding city for you.
Phantasy Star does not spoon feed you information straight out. You have to talk to eeeveryone, get hints in order to know what to do next. I bet a buttload of people got stuck in the game and just quit because they could not figure out what to do next but it is still very possible to get through the game since the hints you get are not of the cryptic nature like in Simon's Quest, but in this day and age you might just want to look it up if you get stuck for a long time. I am a grown ass man and i don't have time to be walking around in circles doing random battle after random battle. Heck i barely even have time to write this review…. Anyway, figuring out what to do in Phantasy Star is a big part of the game and it is very satisfying, the game was never intended to last only 1 week. People were supposed to stuck, since finding Lassic in the first place is a mystery which is a big, cool part of the game. Phantasy Star is not just a linear path you can run through in a few sittings except if you are using a guide. The game has many side-quests for a game of this era. Getting the best equipment in the game or some luxury items that make your life a bit easier and lowering the time you would otherwise use for grinding. This for me is pretty amazing, and really makes the game last This is what makes Phantasy Star a true adventure.
The game looks absolutely gorgeous for its time. The sprites, backgrounds and animations look amazing for an 8-bit game, it was truly second to none when it came to graphics. The game does not have a whole lot of tunes, but all of them are pretty decent. You will get tired of the battle music and dungeon music, sadly Phantasy Star does not reach the lofty heights of the music of Final Fantasy but It's pretty decent.
This speedrun can show you how the game plays
Overall, Phantasy Star for the Sega Master System is a great, fun, classic adventure. Grinding and big dungeons might lead to some boredom and frustrations, so you should play it with the manual + pen and paper at least, and maybe you should look into a guide for some stuff if you get stuck. It has aged a bit, and that is to be expected but it is definitely still fun to play if you have some time to put into it since clearing the game takes a while.
Figuring out the mysteries and puzzles in the game is an aspect in video games today that is forgotten and i thought it was really interesting and fun and it made the game feel like a real adventure.
What stands out for me though is how great the game looks for its time. The graphics, the story and the decent OST all make the presentation of Phantasy Star really stand out. Phantasy Star was a masterpiece at the time of its release, a no-brainer 10/10 game and although time has gotten the best of the game in some aspects, it does not mean that Phantasy Star should not be played today, in fact if you are an rpg fan you might love it.
Gameplay 8
Visuals 9,5
Music 8,5
Story 8,5
Lasting appeal 9
Is it fun? 8,5
Overall 8,5 a very good game!
Thanks for reading and don't forget to like us on Facebook! 😀
JUST when you think Julia Gillard and the Labor Party couldn't stoop any lower, along comes Women For Gillard, the sexist campaign launched by the Prime Minister yesterday. We know she's desperate to hang on to power in the face of deterioriating polls and Kevin Rudd's "revenge jihad" but that old gender card stinks. It's an insult to every woman in the country who has forged a career on merit - not as some quota queen patronised and secretly reviled by male rivals. Gillard is living proof of what happens when quotas are enforced. Incompetence is rewarded. Untrustworthiness is rewarded. Fakery is rewarded. You'd think they might have realised their misogyny trick hadn't worked too well. But there they were at yesterday's launch, trying it on again. Women would be "banished from the centre of Australia's political life" under a government led by Tony Abbott and abortion would become a "political plaything". The only politician making abortion a "plaything" is Gillard. She's made a plaything of our national interest as well. No one in the adoring crowd of feminist hacks seemed to mind that Gillard doesn't practice what they preach. Labor women are demanding a woman be installed in Martin Ferguson's vacated safe seat of Batman to satisfy the party's quota system. But, instead of supporting aspiring MP Mary-Anne Thomas, the Prime Minister has thrown themselves behind factional warlord Senator David Feeney, one of the "faceless men" who installed them into Rudd's job. Gillard's rallying cry to feminists had nothing to do with women's rights. It was about shoring up their position, telling the Labor blokes to back off. It's their shield against being knocked off. You know, the way they knocked off Rudd. The scolds and screeching harridans of Emily's List have emasculated Labor's men. This is the real cause of the paralysis in the Labor party. No man is willing to confront Gillard for fear of being branded a misogynist. A trade unionist from the good old days of Labor once told me Emily's List was a cancer in the ALP, and now it's terminal. They might as well hand the whole party over to Women for Gillard. PS: A man couldn't have written this column.The PM's speech was widely mocked as blue ties became the symbol of anti-government feeling. They latched onto " menu-gate " to prove their mysogyny case, but they overreached and the ploy backfired Gillard's attempt to drag abortion into the election, and continue to pose as a victim of misogyny, has diminished them
You don't have look too hard on social media to find the ravings of drivers muttering about being delayed, impeded or obstructed by someone cycling ahead of them. Usually it's a rant about someone being ‘in the middle of the road', or people riding two abreast, or not using a ‘perfectly good cycle path' – often accompanied by a photograph uploaded to the internet by the driver.
The general background impression of all this noise is that delay and inconvenience on the road network is exclusively bike on motor vehicle; that it's the slower, two-wheeled vehicles that cause the hold ups. That's intuitively understandable – cars are fast, bikes are slow, slow things hold fast things up.
But there is, of course, a different perspective – one from behind the handlebars. This week – in a poor attempt at a parody of social media moaning – I tweeted a picture of terrible congestion on Shaftesbury Avenue.
Why is it motorists think they can drive three abreast, holding up hardworking cyclists? STAY TO THE LEFT! pic.twitter.com/kBixG9pJzr — Mark Treasure (@AsEasyAsRiding) May 6, 2015
I was being held up; this very wide road was completely clogged by a large number of drivers, travelling three abreast. If they weren't there, or if they were to stay over to the left, I would have been able to make stately progress.
A little further on, and I was still unable to cycle at the speed I wanted to. In fact I was stationary.
Bloody motorists.
And again, later that same day, in the evening, streets in Westminster were completely clogged. I gave up, and walked on the pavement.
This is all so commonplace it's background – I suspect even many people cycling will not reflect on the fact they are being held up and impeded by motor traffic. It's so normal it's not worth commenting on. Queues of traffic that are often difficult to filter past are everywhere in urban areas.
And it's not just the traffic that is moving – or attempting to move. The car on the right of the picture above is parked. Without that parking occupying valuable road space, again, I would have been able to have made progress. Parking is often tremendously obstructive, yet this passes without comment. It's a subtle way in which other modes of transport are impeded, yet unnoticed. And of course having parking on both sides of narrower streets means that roads have to be made one-way, causing needless delay (in the form of diversions) for people on bikes who would otherwise be able to take direct routes.
If all that parking wasn't there, this road wouldn't be one way, and I wouldn't have to cycle around three streets, instead of just taking the direct route down this one. I'm directly, or indirectly, impeded up by motoring.
I'm also held up by traffic lights, pretty much everywhere I go by bike, in urban areas.
Traffic lights are so ubiquitous it is very easy to forget that they essentially only exist to facilitate the passage of motor traffic – and to allow people to cross roads dominated by motor traffic. Where motor traffic levels are low, or non-existent, there is of course no need for traffic signals, even where human beings are moving about in tremendous numbers.
And of course the width of motor vehicles means I am unnecessarily held up, where otherwise I would be able to pass by oncoming traffic without difficulty.
People coming the other way on bikes on narrow streets, however, do not hold me up.
There are probably countless other ways in which motoring is obstructive and causes delays – feel free to point them out in the comments. The problem is that this delay is a result of street design and layouts that seem to be ‘natural'. Nobody questions parking on both sides of the street, and how that might affect flow or capacity. Nobody questions the existence of traffic lights, or one-way systems – both subtle ways in which motoring is privileged at the expense of delay and inconvenience to non-motorised users. Nobody questions the effects of motor traffic congestion itself on the free movement of non-motorised users.
This isn't to say that people cycling won't ever hold up people driving; just to say that there is a very large flip side to that coin. The solution to these difficulties, for both people cycling, and for people driving, is to place these two modes onto different systems – to separate the two modes of transport as much as possible, creating parallel routes for cycling on main roads, and removing through motor traffic from access roads, in line with the principles of sustainable safety.
If you're a motorist complaining about being held up – firstly, the person who is cycling in front of you will almost certainly be held up by motoring just as much, if not more, than you, and secondly… there's an answer out there.
TOKYO—A former U.S. nuclear regulatory chief said Tuesday that leaks of contaminated water at the crippled Fukushima plant had been known since early in the crisis and have worsened because Japan acted too slowly. Gregory Jaczko said that U.S. and Japanese officials knew leaks would occur when massive amounts of water were used to cool molten reactors at the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant after a major earthquake and tsunami hit in March 2011.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, wearing a red helmet, examines the impervious wall made of steel pipe sheet pile installed along the coast to contain the radiation-contaminated water leakage during their inspection tour to the tsunami-crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant. ( AP FILE PHOTO )
Jaczko said they were surprised how long it took Japan to start tackling the problem. “It's been known for a long time that this would be an issue,” they told a news conference in Tokyo. “My biggest surprise is to some extent how it's been allowed to deteriorate, a little bit, and how it's almost become a surprise again that there are contamination problems, that there is leakage out into the sea.” Scrap Fukushima, says Japan's PM
Article Continued Below
When the plant was in critical condition with three reactor cores melted and in dire need of cooling water, Jaczko said, Japanese and U.S. officials disputed how much water should be put in because of the imminent leaks of radiation contaminated water and measures needed to contain that problem. They said the Japanese government was concerned that the flooding those reactor vessels and reactor buildings with cooling water “would lead to greater leakage of ground water,” whereas the NRC emphasized the need to keep reactors cool and under control to minimize airborne contamination. But the “focus was lost” on the need to keep addressing the radioactive water problem, apparently delaying action on mitigating the problem, said Jaczko, who was in Japan at the invitation of an anti-nuclear citizen's group. They resigned as chairperson of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission last year. Japanese officials confirmed for first time in July that contaminated ground water has been leaking into the Pacific from soon after the accident. Leaders of the opposition Democratic Party of Japan, which was in power during the crisis, acknowledged last week that a plan to build an underground wall to surround the reactor and turbine buildings to block contaminated water leaks from the area was put off after plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. resisted the plan, citing financial reasons.
Only the construction of the steel seawall to prevent the leaks into the sea has since begun, set for completion next year. Democratic lawmaker Sumio Mabuchi, who was special assistant to the prime minister during the crisis, told a party meeting last Wednesday that in June 2011 TEPCO promised to build an underground wall but asked that a public announcement not be made to avoid “public confusion” over the huge additional cost burden on the struggling utility.
Article Continued Below
A TEPCO internal memo, dated June 13, 2011, and obtained Tuesday by the Associated Press, acknowledges the need to build an underground boundary, possibly made of clay-soil slurry mix, around the No. 1-4 reactor and turbine basements to stop contaminants from leaking into groundwater and eventually flowing into the sea. The plan was submitted to the government after the first massive leak of highly toxic water from the No. 2 reactor basement in April 2011 “in order not to further contaminate the sea,” the memo said, promising to start construction of the wall as soon as it obtained government permission. The memo noted that the cost of the wall could go as high as 100 billion yen ($1 billion), saying the company was concerned about unclear government funding prospects. TEPCO was nationalized in July 2012. In a statement earlier this month, TEPCO cited technical complexity in designing the wall, as well as high radiation levels near the reactor area as reasons for not building the wall. Public criticism of TEPCO and the government for their handling of the crisis remains high, especially after the recent string of underground water leaks into the ocean and from storage tanks holding contaminated water used to cool the reactors. The government is funding the development of more advanced water treatment equipment to make the contaminated water clean enough to be released into the sea and paying for a costly ice wall to surround the reactor and turbine buildings to prevent further contamination of outside groundwater.
Read more about:
Posters have been spotted in London, Berlin, Amsterdam, Los Angeles and New York
Radiohead fans have been speculating that the band could be set to mark the 20 year anniversary of their classic album ‘OK Computer'.
‘OK Computer' was released in the UK in June 1997 and is widely regarded as one of the greatest records of modern times.
Fans of the band have recently taken to Reddit to debate over posters that have been spotted in cities such as London, Berlin, Amsterdam, Los Angeles and New York.
The posters are seen as a call-back to the band's ‘Fitter Happier' lyrics and concept art from the ‘OK Computer' era. They also feature the dates ‘1997 – 2017'. See in the photos beneath.
When approached by NME about the rumours, Radiohead's representatives said ‘no comment'.
Happy Monday y'all! Anyone knows who this #streetart sloganeering is by? There are two examples in #amsterdam on Meester Treublaan in Oost. Looks a bit Barbara Krugerish to me. #protest #morefear A post shared by Mark Smith (@amancalledmark) on Apr 24, 2017 at 4:16am PDT
Sharethrough (Mobile)
More Fear. #morefear #charingcrossroad #posterart #graffiti #centrallondon A post shared by Patrick Baker 🔶🔷🔶 🍀🇮🇪✊🏻 (@kerrybhoy65) on Apr 22, 2017 at 9:09am PDT
Sharethrough (Mobile)
No! #fear #poster #billboard #friedrichshain #plakat #berlin #morefear A post shared by Tim Schnetgoeke (@timschnetgoeke) on Apr 23, 2017 at 12:35pm PDT
Radiohead's visual collaborator Stanley Donwood recently took to Instagram to tease a Radiohead-related project that they claimed was “soon to be real”. They have since posted a series of photos of scaffolding.
Donwood has also denied that the project has anything to do with television, with fans suggesting that it could be linked to a new art project from the people behind Glastonbury's Shangri-La.
soon to be real A post shared by @stanleydonwood on Apr 10, 2017 at 10:06am PDT
Meanwhile, there have been calls for Radiohead to cancel their upcoming gig in Israel. The band is due to play a show in Tel Aviv, Israel's Park Hayarkon on July 19.
An open letter – signed by musicians including Thurston Moore and Young Fathers – has been issued asking the band to “think again” about their decision. Issued by Artists for Palestine UK, a network of artists and activists standing for Palestinian cultural expression, ‘An Open Letter to Radiohead' has also picked up signatures from actor Ricky Tomlinson, retired bishop Desmond Tutu and director Ken Loach.
The letter tells Radiohead, that “by playing in Israel you'll be playing in a state where, UN rapporteurs say, ‘a system of apartheid has been imposed on the Palestinian people'.” It further claims that Radiohead have previously turned down a cultural boycott of Israel, adding: “Since Radiohead campaigns for freedom for the Tibetans, we're wondering why you'd turn down a request to stand up for another people under foreign occupation.”
It concludes by saying: “Please do what artists did in South Africa's era of oppression: stay away, until apartheid is over.”
THE HOLY CRAP COMMANDMENTS v4.0
I. Thou shalt expect nothing beyond ONE bag of some kind and THREE crappy items.
II. Thou shalt probably expect not to even get a Bag o' Crap at all. We only have enough for about 10% of the people who want them. Thou art probably in that other 90%.
III. Thou shalt notice that “crap” is right there in the title. Thou shalt not complain when it turns out we were telling the truth.
IV. Thou wouldst probably be better off spending thine eight bucks on just about anything else.
V. Thou shalt be assured that Woot hath upgraded its servers and code to minimize errors and crashes. But thou shalt remind thyself that even if those servers did work perfectly, it would simply mean the BoC sold out earlier.
VI. Should thou fail in thy quest for crap, congratulations. Failure is the biggest crap of all.
: It was on purpose, it's the real deal. See this comment . Article updated to reflect this new info.Feral Interactive have updated their teaser radar to show that Life Is Strange is coming to Linux/SteamOS and Mac. The only official announcement for now is Mac App Store, but it is now confirmed to be coming to Linux. We already sort of knew this thanks to SteamDB info Looks like it was the " Drifting Snows " teaser they sent out in April.Oh Feral, how we love you.(Official) Life Is Strange is a five part episodic game that sets out to revolutionise story based choice and consequence games by allowing the player to rewind time and affect the past, present and future.You are Max, a photography senior who saves their old friend Chloe by discovering they can rewind time. The pair soon find themselves exposed to the darker side of Arcadia Bay as they uncover the disturbing truth behind the sudden disappearance of a fellow student.Meanwhile, Max begins to have premonitions as they struggle to understand the implications of their power. They must quickly learn that changing the past can sometimes lead to a devastating future.
Mitt Romney takes their 89th position* on taxes in their latest ad, including the laughably false claim that he's the one who will ask millionaires to pay more in taxes:
The ad makes three claims: that President Obama has already raised taxes on the middle class, that Mitt Romney's plan would reduce taxes for the middle class, and that Romney's plan would crack down on millionaire tax dodgers by closing loopholes.
Let's take the claims one by one.
Claim #1: "Who will raise taxes on the middle class? Barack Obama and the liberals already have."
This claim is not true. The problem with this claim is that it focuses entirely on new taxes in Obamacare (for example, an increase in the tax on cigarettes) but ignores the fact that President Obama has cut taxes by even more. Moreover, President Obama has not increased income taxes on anybody. In aggregate, there's been a reduction in taxes not just for the middle class but for every single taxpayer, including the wealthy.
Last week, Romney themselves acknowledged that Obama hadn't raised taxes. "I admit this, they have one thing they did not do in their first four years — he's said he's going to do in the next four years — which is to raise taxes," they said. In fact, Romney opposed many of these tax cuts, including the payroll tax holiday and the tax cuts in the stimulus bill.
Claim #2: "Mitt Romney and commonsense conservatives will cut taxes on the middle class."
The problem here is that Romney is ignoring the fact that he's promised to reduce tax deductions to pay for lower rates so that overall taxes would not go down. Last week, they told supporters not to expect to see a significantly lower tax bill under their plan. "By the way, don't be expecting a huge cut in taxes because I'm also going to lower deductions and exemptions," they said. In fact, if Romney maintains their pledge for revenue neutrality, taxes would actually need to go up on the middle class to pay for the enormous tax cuts they promise to the wealthy. The only way to avoid a tax hike would be to explode the deficit.
Claim #3: "They [Mitt Romney and commonsense conservatives] will close loopholes for millionaires."
The problem with this claim is essentially the inverse of the problem with the second claim: It's true that Romney's plan calls for reducing unspecified tax breaks enjoyed by millionaires, but it's also true that their tax plan calls for reducing their tax rate by 20 percent. The value of that 20 percent tax break dwarfs the cost of giving up deductions, so it's a trade upper income taxpayers would happily make. Sure, there would be fewer loopholes, but thanks to lower rates, the wealthy would still pay less in taxes. That's the central problem with Romney's tax plan—it means that unless they abandon their tax cuts for the wealthy, they need to choose between exploding the deficit or raising taxes on the middle class, neither of which are politically acceptable options.
Despite the ad's distortions, it's easy to understand why Mitt Romney is running it: If they can convince voters that they actually want to ask the wealthy to pay more and for the middle class to pay less, they could ease the sting of that 47 percent video. But the only way they can make that case is by misrepresenting the facts. As long as they insist on tax cuts for the wealthy, tax cuts for the middle class, and no reduction in revenue, Mitt Romney's tax plan is mathematically impossible. Perhaps their best bet would be to dump their tax plan altogether, but don't expect that anytime soon from Mr. No Apologies.
LocalBitcoins has added a new section to its website where users can send and manage invoices, allowing them to receive customer payments in bitcoin.
The offering marks the peer-to-peer platform's first merchant-specific product, and follows a period of heavy demand, according to founder and CEO Jeremias Kangas.
Kangas framed the tool as a basic offering that would nonetheless prove effective at meeting the needs of merchants today before expanding to include additional functionality later.
They told CoinDesk:
“Many of our users have requested this feature, and it extends quite nicely our existing toolset.”
Kangas indicated that the invoicing tool was originally developed for the company's bitcoin ATM product, but they said the decision was made to extend it to all users. While simple in its current iteration, LocalBitcoins plans to build on this offering, saying:
“Soon, it will be easy to integrate to websites via our API, basically allowing the same kind of processes BitPay and Coinbase are currently offering.”
The CEO added that such a move could allow LocalBitcoins to take advantage of its global reach and available liquidity in a wide range of local currencies, while integrating novel features that allow merchants to take advantage of its local trader network.
How billing works
Like many of the peer-to-peer platform's offerings, its new merchant tools have a minimalist design that favors ease of use over functionality.
Users can issue invoices in any currency, and the amount included will convert to BTC at the current exchange rate when opened by the recipient.
Payment can be made with any bitcoin wallet, and each invoice uses a unique bitcoin address as a payment reference.
Bitcoin ATM orders
The announcement also demonstrates how LocalBitcoins is seeking to build on its existing services to create a wider network of offerings for both consumers and merchants.
For example, LocalBitcoins announced last week that it had begun taking orders for a bitcoin ATM it first revealed back in February. One unit costs roughly €1,499, plus VAT for individuals in the European Union.
The company says that the ATM is unique because it does not require an Internet connection. The ATM issues and receives redeemable codes along with cash, while the actual bitcoin exchange happens on the LocalBitcoins website, making the machine a “cash-box”.
According to the company, the ATM has been able to handle more than 300 BTC in volume with premiums of 5–8%. It is programmed to handle any known currency, although it can only transact using one at a time.
Security concerns
Despite its success in expanding globally, LocalBitcoins has been the subject of a number of security concerns this year, including delayed transactions and wallet issues caused by malware, a security breach targeting the site infrastructure and an outage brought on by server hardware issues.
The company is also at the center of a Florida state criminal case involving a user charged with operating an unauthorized money transmission business.
Based in Finland, LocalBitcoins aims to help facilitate the buying and selling of bitcoin for local currency. Users post their trade on the website or can respond to others' offers, choosing to pay in cash in person or through online banking.
Additional reporting provided by Pete Rizzo and Dan Palmer.
Images via LocalBitcoins and Shutterstock
On the night of Aug. 8, 1969, followers of cult leader Charles Manson entered the rented Los Angeles home of famed film director Roman Polanski and their pregnant wife, burgeoning actor Sharon Tate. At Manson's direction, the followers murdered 26-year-old Tate and four of their friends in brutal killings that rocked Hollywood— and the rest of the nation— making Manson a household name over the last five decades. Polanski was out of the country the night Tate, who was was two weeks away from delivering their child, was slayed.
The murders, subsequent trial and Polanski himself, have re-entered the national spotlight following Manson's recent hospitalization on Tuesday for a reported heart-related problem.
Sadly, the murder of Tate and their friends through vicious stabbings and shootings was only the first wave of violence inflicted by Manson and their followers. The following night, two more people were killed under Manson's orders. Over the course of those two nights, 169 stab wounds and seven .22-caliber gunshot wounds were suffered by the victims, according to CNN.
The 82-year-old Manson, who was convicted along with three others for Tate's murder and that of six other people in 1971, was originally sentenced to death, but California overturned its death penalty law in 1972 and he's been in prison ever since. They were denied parole 12 times.
Following a trial littered with bizarre moments that both frightened and astonished the country – including Manson's followers carving “X's” in their heads as well as laughing and singing during the proceedings – a cult-like interest enveloped Manson and led to their notoriety. Most notably, the former Los Angeles County assistant district attorney Vincent Bugliosi, who put Manson away, published the true crime book “Helter Skelter” that's become a staple of the genre.
Polanski, who feld the U.S. in 1978 just before they were slated to plead guilty for the statutory rape of a 13-year-old girl, had also come to terms with prosecutors on sentencing. They talked about how they coped with Tate's death in the years that followed.
“I often used to wonder how I made it through that period,” Polanski told German outlet Spiegel in an interview in November 2013. “I just don't think about it anymore. I had to have a moment when I stopped thinking about it. When it happened, my friends said to me: You have to get back to work. But it's impossible to work in that situation. You're incapable of working. The only thing that truly brings relief is time. Nothing else. ”
Polanski, who at the time of the murders was one of the most acclaimed filmmakers in the world and fresh off the success of the classic horror film “Rosemary's Baby,” said they were told it would be years until they would recover.
When asked how long it took them to recover from the horrific event, Polanski said: “ A long time. Shortly after the murder, I met with a friend, a psychiatrist. They said it would take me at least four years until I could function normally again. Back then, it seemed like a long time to me. But it turned out to be more than four years. I wonder how a psychiatrist can be so wrong. ”
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
In a landmark case, on September 6, 2012, a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Circuit Court Judge gave standing to an Australian woman to collect a Japanese civil judgment against a former US Navy sailor for raping them in Japan 10 years ago.
Perpetrator Given Honorable Discharge and Left Japan without informing Japanese Court
A civil judgment by a Tokyo court in 2004 ordered sailor Bloke T. Deans to pay 3 million yen in damages to Catherine Jane Fisher as compensation for emotional and physical harm from the rape. However, despite knowing of the Japanese court case against Deans, the US Navy issued Deans an honorable discharge and allowed Deans to leave Japan without informing the Japanese court or Ms. Fisher.
- Advertisement -
Because Deans had departed Japan, the Japanese courts were unable to enforce the ruling against Deans and Ms. Fisher never received any compensation from that judgment for emotional and physical damages caused by Deans.
In 2008, Ms. Fisher was provided some compensation for damages from a Japanese Ministry of Defense fund for victims of crimes committed by U.S. military personnel.
Deans located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin-Lawsuit filed
- Advertisement -
For 10 years, Fisher searched for Deans and, in 2011, they finally located them in Milwaukee. In May, 2012, Fisher filed a suit against Deans in Milwaukee Circuit Court.
On September 6, 2012, the Milwaukee Circuit Court Judge denied Deans' motion to dismiss Fisher's complaint to enforce the Japanese judgment. After reviewing the briefs and listening to oral arguments of both sides, the Judge found that Deans' procedural objections to the complaint were not sufficient to prevent the case from going forward.
Fisher will now be able to proceed with the substance of the case, in which their legal team from the Madison, Wisconsin office of law firm Perkins Coie will argue that under the common law principles of comity, the Milwaukee court should recognize and enforce the Japanese judgment.
After the September 6 hearing, law firm representative Christopher Hanewicz stated, "We are very satisfied with the Judge's decision, which is an important step in holding Mr. Deans accountable for their actions, bringing some sense of closure to Ms. Fisher's ten year ordeal."
After returning to the United States, Deans committed other crimes. According to Wisconsin court records, Deans was sentenced in 2012 to 45 days in jail in Milwaukee County for child neglect. Police found three of their children left alone in their house in a room locked from the outside. A 2-year-old and two 3-year-old twins were covered in their own feces and urine. Deans reportedly has 11 children.
Dean owns nine houses in Milwaukee and receives a military disability pension.
- Advertisement -
The next stage of Ms. Fisher's journey for justice will be an October 18, 2012 status hearing in Milwaukee in which decisions on a trial date and other aspects of the case will be made.
Rape of Civilian Women in Japan
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
Search company hits out at the Motion Picture Association of America after claims it is trying to revive the failed Stop Online Piracy Act
Google has accused Hollywood of attempting to “secretly censor the internet” by reviving the failed Stop Online Piracy Act (Sopa) to enable wholesale site-blocking.
The search company alleges that Hollywood studios, through the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), conspired to push through the effects of Sopa through non-legislative measures.
“We are deeply concerned about recent reports that the MPAA led a secret, coordinated campaign to revive the failed Sopa legislation through other means, and helped manufacture legal arguments in connection with an investigation by Mississippi state attorney-general Jim Hood,” said Kent Walker, general counsel for Google in a blog post.
Sopa defeated
Sopa was a bill put before the US House of Representatives intended to significantly expand the powers of US authorities to combat online trafficking in copyrighted and counterfeited goods.
The sweeping act gave companies that claimed their intellectual property was being infringed the power to request court orders to forbid advertising networks such as Google, as well as payment facilities, from conducting business with infringing sites.
Complainants could also ban search engines from linking to allegedly infringing sites and obtain court orders requiring internet service providers (ISPs) to block access to those sites.
Sopa was defeated in 2012 despite the backing of the MPAA following a public outcry that prompted some 115,000 websites, including Google, to protest against the act. Ten million people signed a petition against Sopa, while 8m made phone calls to Congress and a further 4m sent emails.
‘Why is it trying to secretly censor the internet?'
Google cited news reports that accused the MPAA and six studios of colluding to “begin a new campaign to figure how it could secretly revive Sopa” and “to achieve wholesale site-blocking by [convincing] state prosecutors to take up the fight against [Google]”.
In Britain, copyright holders can seek court orders to force ISPs to block access to sites they deem as infringing copyright. Sites including the notorious Pirate Bay have been blocked in the UK since 2012.
The movie studios reportedly provided $500,000 a year in legal support, which was increased to $1.175 million for this “campaign”.
Google also detailed how the MPAA then convinced the Mississippi attorney-general to support the action, including sending an accusing letter to Google drafted by the MPAA's law firm Jenner & Block but signed by Hood.
Hood then sent a “sweeping 79-page subpoena” for topics they lacked jurisdiction for, according to Google.
“While we of course have serious legal concerns about all of this, one disappointing part of this story is what this all means for the MPAA itself, an organisation founded in part ‘to promote and defend the First Amendment and artists' right to free expression'. Why, then, is it trying to secretly censor the internet?” Walker asked in their blog post.
• Google ‘plays hardball' in Spanish news row
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
MSNBC's Chris Matthews rants, 'Where was Obama tonight?'
MSNBC's Chris Matthews on Wednesday had one major question after the debate: “Where was Obama tonight?”
Matthews — who said Wednesday night's showdown “wasn't an MSNBC debate, was it?” because it didn't mention the “key fighting points of this campaign" — blasted Obama's debate performance, saying they went into the night “disarmed.” What Romney was doing tonight, unlike Obama, was "winning," Matthews said.
(Also on POLITICO: Not debatable: Obama stumbled)
“Where was Obama tonight?” Matthews asked. “He should watch — well, not just ‘Hardball,' Rachel [Maddow], they should watch you, they should watch the Reverend Al [Sharpton], they should watch Lawrence [O'Donnell], they would learn something about this debate. There's a hot debate going on in this country. Do you know where it's being held? Here on this network is where we're having the debate. We have our knives out. We go after the people and the facts. What was they doing tonight? They went in there disarmed.”
Matthews described Obama's debate performance as “like, ‘I'll wait an hour and a half, I think I can get through this thing. I don't even look at this guy.' Whereas Romney — I loved the split screen, staring at Obama, addressing him, like the prey. They did it just right. I'm coming at an incumbent. I've got to beat him. You gotta beat the champ, and I'm gonna beat them tonight. And I don't care what this guy moderator, whatever they think they are, because I'm going to ignore him. What was Romney doing? They were winning.”
Matthews said they didn't know what Obama “was doing out there — they had their head down. They were enduring the debate rather than fighting it.”
Romney, though, went out there with a “plan” to dominate the evening, and they succeeded, Matthews said.
(Also on POLITICO: Romney's 5 best debate lines)
“He was going to dominate the time. They were going to be aggressive. They were going to push the moderator around, which they did effectively. They were going to relish the evening, enjoying it. Nothing to do with the words they spoke. Here's my question for Obama. I know they like to say they don't watch cable television, but maybe they should start. Maybe they should start. I don't know how they let Romney get away with the crap they threw out tonight about social security,” Matthews said.
Matthews also criticized the president for not invoking Romney's history at Bain Capital and their “47 percent” comments that were secretly filmed during a private fundraiser.
“Why didn't Obama say that? Why didn't they say that?” Matthews asked.
WWE wrestler Enzo Amore had to be taken off on a stretcher after suffering an injury during their tag-team match at WWE Payback on Sunday.
The WWE said the injury occurred when Amore's face clipped the bottom rope, causing the back of their head to slam off the mat. Amore's tag-team match came to an unscheduled end, but the event continued, and the WWE continued to provide updates on Amore's status on Twitter.
INJURY UPDATE: @WWEAaLLday21 is undergoing testing, and is able to communicate with medical staff, moving arms and legs. #WWEPayback — WWE (@WWE) May 2, 2016
The WWE said Amore was taken to a local medical facility in Chicago as a precaution, and was diagnosed with a concussion. ESPN's Arash Markazi reported that Amore was discharged from the hospital Sunday night. Amore (whose real name is Eric Arndt) has been with WWE since 2012 after playing college football at Division III Salisbury University in Maryland from 2007 to 2009.
THURSDAY, March 20 (HealthDay News) -- Far from being a recent, revolutionary development, the ability to walk upright on two legs began at the dawn of human evolution more than six million years ago, new research confirms.
The first detailed examination of the fossilized thigh bones of a 4-foot tall creature calledOrrorin tugenensissupports the notion that this very early member of the hominin family tree was bipedal, anthropologists say.
"Upright walking is one of the very first traits in our lineage to occur. So this finding reinforces that and pushes the date back even farther," said study co-author Brian Richmond, associate professor of anthropology at George Washington University in Washington, D.C.
But the study also suggests that bipedalism changed through succeeding millennia, and that, biomechanically speaking,O. tugenensisprobably walked differently than modern humans.
Richmond and a colleague, William Jungers, of Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, N.Y., published their findings in the March 21 issue ofScience.
French anthropologists first discovered the six-million-year-old group of fossil thigh bones, hand bones and teeth in Kenya in 2000.O. tugenesis-- about the size of today's chimpanzees -- lived in an era close to the very origins of human evolution.
"It's right in the time period where we think chimpanzees and humans first split from each other -- about 5 to 8 million years ago," Richmond said.
Bipedalism was crucial to human development because it "freed up our hands," Richmond explained. These free forelimbs allowed humans and their ancestors to begin to explore the use of tools, for example. Expanded brain size may also have accompanied (and been encouraged by) bipedalism, anthropologists say.
But wasO. tugenensistruly human-like? Because bipedalism is a key trait separating hominins from other primates, a close look at the bones -- the thigh bone, especially -- was necessary.
"We took a simple caliper and measured the size of the hip joint and the strength of the shaft of the bone," Richmond said. "Our analysis showed that the overall shape profile of the bone really closely resembles early human fossils from about three to two million years ago."
Those fossils -- of hominins such asAustralopithecus(such as the famous "Lucy"), andParanthropus-- inhabited East Africa just prior to the emergence of the genusHomo, which includes today'sHomo sapiens.
That means that "the overall theme of upright walking remained the same for the majority of our evolutionary history," fromO. tugenensisstraight up toAustralopithecus, Richmond said.
But about two million years ago, an environmental shift occurred within East Africa, changing forests into grasslands, forcing hominins to rely even more on walking as they looked for food.
"There was dramatic change in hip structure then that was probably related to longer-distance walking and gave us the capabilities that we have today," Richmond said. "We see the origins of the genusHomothen, with these long striding legs, a very different kind of body shape," compared toO. tugenensisorAustralopithecus, they said.
That's whyO. tugenesisbones more closely resemble those ofAustralopithecusrather thanHomo sapiens, even though all three species are related and walked upright, they added.
Signs of strong musculature on the upper limbs, as well as fingers designed for climbing, also suggest thatO. tugenensisprobably split time between the trees and ground. "When they were on the ground they were on two legs, but they probably climbed trees regularly to get food, to escape predators, to sleep at night," Richmond said.
One anthropology expert called the new study "a marvelous piece of detective work."
Richmond and Jungers "are taking the knowledge of what it means to be bipedal to a new level of understanding," said Jeffrey Laitman, a functional morphologist and director of the Center for Anatomy and Functional Morphology at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, in New York City.
Besides fixingO. tugenesisfirmly within the hominin lineage, the new work "is causing scientists to search for and understand the nuances of functional morphology of bipedalism, and how it came to be," Laitman said.
The exact trigger for the shift from walking on four legs to two remains a tantalizing mystery, Richmond said. And they stressed that if Africa's climate hadn't changed, who's to say that evolution would have moved away from the successfulAustralopithecus, and led toHomo sapiens?
As Richmond said: "The way we are today is not necessarily the way we had to have been. We are not the necessary endpoint."
More information
To learn more about human evolution, visit Minnesota State University.
SOURCES: Brian Richmond, Ph.D., assistant professor, Center for the Advanced Study of Hominid Paleobiology, Department of Anthropology, George Washington University, Washington, D.C.; Jeffrey Laitman, Ph.D., professor, and director, Center for Anatomy and Functional Morphology, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York City; March 21, 2008,Science
27 November 2017, Zug, Switzerland, trade.io has announced the launch of its partnership with HitBTC Exchange, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges, exceeding upwards of half a billion in daily volume, and operating since 2014.
Having just finished a PRE-ICO period which resulted in well over $10M in funding, trade.io is proud to provide its loyal contributors with this added value partnership, demonstrating the company's continued intent to cooperate with the highest calibre participants in the blockchain field.
Trade.io will announce shortly when the Trade Token (or TIO, which is how it will be listed on the HitBTC exchange), will start trading. TIO will trade against the counters, Bitcoin (BTC) & Ethereum (ETH)
On the listing, CEO, Jim Preissler commented, “trade.io pledged at a very early stage to Trade Token holders to be listed on a major exchange within 30 days following the ICO. To have the ability to announce a listing on such a respected exchange like HitBTC even before the start of ICO, is very gratifying. We owe all of our success thus far to our amazing trade.io community and am happy to be able to provide this news to them.”
HitBTC CPO Paul Clarkson commented, “It's no secret that HitBTC is extremely selective in the tokens & coins we list, we have strict criteria and require an extensive amount of due diligence prior to extending an offer. trade.io has proven to be a trusted partner and we are pleased to list TIO, and start a long-term relationship.”
According to icoscanner.io, trade.io is currently the 5th most successful ICO in terms of Ethereum contributions. With PRE-ICO now over, the ICO is due to begin on December 5th.
Find out more by visiting trade.io
Intel, added the Celeron N2830, the first of the Bay-Trail-M SoC (System on Chip) to the official price list, last week. However it has now updated the official price list with 2 more SKUs. Not only that but they have also revealed more information about the Celeron N2830
Intel Updates Pre-Order Price List for Bay Trail-M SKUS – Further Details Celeron N2830
The N2830 is basically a successor of the N2820 and apparently it only had improved CPU and GPU clock speeds. However intel released a few more details on the processor this week. Intel revealed that the N2830 has two new features, mentioning in the same breath the N2930 and Pentium 3530. Now the N2830 basically has 2 cores which share between them 1 MB of L3 Cache. The N2830 is clocked at 2.16 Ghz and has burst up to 2.41 Ghz. Now these are about the same as the N2820 with a margin of around 10 Mhz. Now here are the things Intel pointed out:
The N2830 Features Newer Core Stepping
The N2830 features support for DDR3L-1333 memory
The N2830 has Quick Sync Technology enabled.
However on the other hand the Celeron N2930 and Pentium 3530 are both Quad Cores. They are clocked at 1.83 Ghz (2.16 Ghz max) and 2.16 Ghz (2.58 Ghz max) respectively and as nomenclature would dictate, are very similar to the N2920 and N3520 SKUs. Now interestingly compared to the predecessors the burst frequency has been increased by 160 Mhz which is quite significant in the Celeron and Pentium series. The N3530 has a higher GPU baseclock by 42 Mhz while the N2930 supports DDR3L-1333 memory. Both support Quick Sync Tech. TDP of these SoCs is 7.5 W throughout the lineup.
Model Cores /
Threads Base / burst
frequency L2
cache GPU
Frequency Memory TDP Price Celeron N2820 2 / 2 2.13 / 2.39 GHz 1 MB 311 / 756 MHz DDR3L-1066 7.5W $132 Celeron N2830 2 / 2 2.16 / 2.41 GHz 1 MB 313 / 750 MHz DDR3L-1333 7.5W $107 Celeron N2920 4 / 4 1.86 / 2 GHz 2 MB 311 / 844 MHz DDR3L-1066 7.5W $132 Celeron N2930 4 / 4 1.83 / 2.16 GHz 2 MB 313 / 854 MHz DDR3L-1333 7.5W $107 Pentium N3520 4 / 4 2.17 / 2.42 GHz 2 MB 313 / 854 MHz DDR3L-1333 7.5W $180 Pentium N3530 4 / 4 2.16 / 2.58 GHz 2 MB 313 / 896 MHz DDR3L-1333 7.5W
Table courtesy of CPU-World.com
#Intel updates Bay Trail-M Price List. Reveal details about N2830. http://t.co/Qch4z23Y5E — Usman Pirzada (@usmanpirzada) March 3, 2014
Q:1 How to check current run level of a linux server ?
Ans: ‘who -r' & ‘runlevel' commands are used to check the current runlevel of a linux box.
Q:2 How to check the default gatway in linux ?
Ans: Using the commands “route -n” and “netstat -nr” , we can check default gateway. Apart from the default gateway info , these commands also display the current routing tables .
Q:3 How to rebuild initrd image file on Linux ?
Ans: In case of CentOS 5.X / RHEL 5.X , mkinitrd command is used to create initrd file , example is shown below :
# mkinitrd -f -v /boot/initrd-$(uname -r).img $(uname -r)
If you want to create initrd for a specific kernel version , then replace ‘uname -r' with desired kernel
In Case of CentOS 6.X / RHEL 6.X , dracut command is used to create initrd file example is shown below :
# dracut -f
Above command will create the initrd file for the current version. To rebuild the initrd file for a specific kernel , use below command :
# dracut -f initramfs-2.x.xx-xx.el6.x86_64.img 2.x.xx-xx.el6.x86_64
Q:4 What is cpio command ?
Ans: cpio stands for Copy in and copy out. Cpio copies files, lists and extract files to and from a archive ( or a single file).
Q:5 What is patch command and where to use it ?
Ans: As the name suggest patch command is used to apply changes ( or patches) to the text file. Patch command generally accept output from the diff and convert older version of files into newer versions. For example Linux kernel source code consists of number of files with millions of lines , so whenever any contributor contribute the changes , then he/she will be sent the only changes instead of sending the whole source code. Then the receiver will apply the changes with patch command to its original source code.
Create a diff file for use with patch,
# diff -Naur old_file new_file > diff_file
Where old_file and new_file are either single files or directories containing files. The r option supports recursion of a directory tree.
Once the diff file has been created, we can apply it to patch the old file into the new file:
# patch < diff_file
Q:6 What is use of aspell ?
Ans: As the name suggest aspell is an interactive spelling checker in linux operating system. The aspell command is the successor to an earlier program named ispell, and can be used, for the most part, as a drop-in replacement. While the aspell program is mostly used by other programs that require spell-checking capability, it can also be used very effectively as a stand-alone tool from the command line.
Q:7 How to check the SPF record of domain from command line ?
Ans: We can check SPF record of a domain using dig command. Example is shown below :
[email protected]:~$ dig -t TXT google.com
Q:8 How to identify which package the specified file (/etc/fstab) is associated with in linux ?
Ans: # rpm -qf /etc/fstab
Above command will list the package which provides file “/etc/fstab”
Q:9 Which command is used to check the status of bond0 ?
Ans: cat /proc/net/bonding/bond0
Q:10 What is the use of /proc file system in linux ?
Ans: The /proc file system is a RAM based file system which maintains information about the current state of the running kernel including details on CPU, memory, partitioning, interrupts, I/O addresses, DMA channels, and running processes. This file system is represented by various files which do not actually store the information, they point to the information in the memory. The /proc file system is maintained automatically by the system.
Q:11 How to find files larger than 10MB in size in /usr directory ?
Ans: # find /usr -size +10M
Q:12 How to find files in the /home directory that were modified more than 120 days ago ?
Ans: # find /home -mtime +l20
Q:13 How to find files in the /var directory that have not been accessed in the last 90 days ?
Ans: # find /var -atime -90
Q:14 Search for core files in the entire directory tree and delete them as found without prompting for confirmation
Ans: # find / -name core -exec rm {} \;
Read More on find command : 25 useful find command examples for Linux beginners
Q:15 What is the purpose of strings command ?
Ans: The strings command is used to extract and display the legible contents of a non-text file.
Q:16 What is the use tee filter ?
Ans: The tee filter is used to send an output to more than one destination. It can send one copy of the output to a file and another to the screen (or some other program) if used with pipe.
[email protected]:~$ ll /etc | nl | tee /tmp/ll.out
In the above example, the output from ll is numbered and captured in /tmp/ll.out file. The output is also displayed on the screen.
Q:17 What would the command export PS1 = ”[email protected]`hostname`:\$PWD: do ?
Ans: The export command provided will change the login prompt to display username, hostname, and the current working directory.
Q:18 What would the command ll | awk ‘{print $3,”owns”,$9}' do ?
Ans: The ll command provided will display file names and their owners.
Q:19 What is the use of at command in linux ?
Ans: The at command is used to schedule a one-time execution of a program in the future. All submitted jobs are spooled in the /var/spool/at directory and executed by the atd daemon when the scheduled time arrives.
Q:20 What is the role of lspci command in linux ?
Ans: The lspci command displays information about PCI buses and the devices attached to your system. Specify -v, -vv, or -vvv for detailed output. With the -m option, the command produces more legible output.
Thought I wasn't going to have to make a big tweet but after this appointment I changed my mind.
Before I talk about exactly what happened at the office though, I want to explain what this experience has been like for me since I last made a long tweet after Summit. This is to help show why I haven't been doing much despite finding treatment, as well as why it took me so long to start the treatment.
Right after I began taking Testosterone(T) and vitamin D for my very low levels of it in November, I didn't notice much of a difference at all. I wasn't bothered by it though. In fact, I generally wasn't bothered or responding to much at all at the time. I was pretty apathetic or very hard to motivate without realizing it. I would think "the treatment will work eventually" without noticing how it affected me. Basically, this is more of the same. Before I got T and vitamin D, I wanted to want to do things, but couldn't get myself to do them if that makes sense. I would recognize how important it would be to practice Melee or stream or something, but I just didn't make myself do it. It's strange to explain and experience. This way of living helped me save energy though which was pretty good, since even talking to people had me lying down for an hour at a time, unable to move. This strange lack of motivation but extreme fatigue is central to why I didn't get treatment before Summit when I had been having those issues before then. I hadn't realized how bad things were until then basically.
On a Melee front I can make this more understandable I think. Since there is a memory disruption and foggy thinking/focus associated with low T and fatigue this should be easier to explain in the game. For starters, I can't really follow much with my eyes. I check how I am doing every other day by seeing if I can follow Falco's repeated SHL with my eyes. I haven't been able to follow them yet. I also can't remember anything that happens in a match, which is even harder when the opponent plays a fast character(shoutouts to Fox). Finally, due to the fatigue, any improved skill I have from treatment often evaporates quickly and I have to stop practice/playing with others.
In case you're wondering, I do sleep regularly and well as exercise when I can. My muscles don't respond well to exercise so I do it when possible.
As you can imagine, this is driving me CRAZY. I was supposed to be better by this point! I beat depression, I'm not sick, I got everyone hype, but there's something I can't speed up in the way now. It makes me very sad that I can't play how I want and bring my ideas out, that I am making competition worse by bringing the average skill level down, and am I frustrating many figureheads and good players who may think I am being lazy or don't understand my position. I don't really know what to do to speed this up at all but I'm trying everything I can.
It is from this mental state that I awaited blood test results at the Doctor today. I find out my T has improved(!!!!) but it is still well below healthy ranges. This is not too surprising apparently since I started on the lowest dosage of T. My vitamin D is great though which is nice. The Doctor said we will increase the T dosage 50% and wait 6 more weeks to see what happens. I wanted to increase it further or try something else if something existed to speed things up. That doesn't work because of the risks of having too much T. I was very adamant about doing anything possible to get me better but the treatment would be the same. At this point, I tried to see what would happen on the upcoming dose. Is it possible I could be in good shape from it? Will I only rise a bit in T but still be below a good range like before? The Doctor didn't know. This is apparently standard procedure, but this incremental way of doing things is exasperating for me when I've never felt unable to correct issues even partially on my own in my life before like this. It is a unique challenge for me, but one I am not enjoying.
It is with all of this in mind that I removed myself from commentary at Genesis 3. I felt I could still have energy to do the meet n greet and do that pretty well but not with commentary. I wanted to do both of course but I would feel pretty guilty about not being able to give a decent product on the mic. You all deserve better than that.
I'm still competing there, don't worry =p
Now that that's out of the way, I will say this. I have noticed a trend, however slow, of improved focus and energy. Some days I fall off and some days I can't read because I can't see the page, but generally things are getting better. I am still seeing very very slow improvements in my subjective experience and my gameplay. I am doing everything I can to get back asap to make this a great year for myself and Melee. I think these upped T doses and patience for a little longer from you guys will go a long way toward helping make that happen. I try not to talk about this stuff too much because I don't want to spread too much negativity or make it seem as though I'm not trying to get better. I think this all warranted a big update though.
Thanks for sticking around if you guys did read this. Thanks to EG for being endlessly supportive, I will go super ham for you guys when this stuff all works out. Fans, same goes to you <3
Here's to a new and improved 2016, and see you at Genesis 3! =)
Reply · Report Post
Coca-Cola is a member of the newly formed Business Coalition for the Equality Act, a group of 60 prominent employers that are officially backing the Human Rights Campaign's efforts to add federal protections for the LGBT community.
Coke joins other notable giants such as Apple, Nike, Target, Google, Amazon, Best Buy and Coke's beverage industry rival Pepsi in the coalition. HRC said coalition members represent 4.2 million employees, have combined revenue of $1.9 trillion and have operations in all 50 states.
Coke is one of 13 metro Atlanta companies and law firms to whom HRC gave perfect scores last year in the group's annual ratings of company support for LGBT workers.
The Equality Act, which was introduced last July after the Supreme Court ruling that made gay marriage legal nationally, seeks to add federal protections for the LGBT community in employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service and federally funded programs, the HRC said. Thirty-two states do not include gays and lesbians in non-discrimination protections.
“These business leaders are showing true leadership and fighting to end a shameful status quo that leaves LGBT people at risk in a majority of states for being denied services or fired because of who they are or who they love,” HRC President Chad Griffin said in a release.
One member of the coalition, tech giant Salesforce, has been a leader locally in Georgia's legislative fight over a “religious liberty” bill that many calls discriminatory.
House Bill 757, which would allow faith-based groups to cite their sincerely held religious beliefs in declining service to couples in relationships with which they disagree, has faced concerted pushback from the business community. Salesforce leader Marc Benioff has hinted they may scale back the company's presence in Georgia because of the legislation.
Gov. Nathan Deal has made it clear they want sweeping changes to the proposal and has said they won't sign anything that is discriminatory.
Most recommended from 74 comments
kherr
Premium Member
join:2000-09-04
Collinsville, IL ·AT&T FTTP
30 recommendations kherr Premium Member "ACCUSED" I'm totally against piracy ..... but the operative word is "ACCUSED", what happened to due process.
remember all those articles where little old laddies who don't even know what a 'computer' is, let alone have internet service, where sued because the ISP gave wrong names/addresses
this is NOT the ISP's fight.
GroovyPhoenx
Premium Member
join:2006-05-22
Gloucester, ON 22 recommendations GroovyPhoenx Premium Member Anti Piracy screen??? More like highway robbery, drive by roberry, and now tell me, prove to me that this won't lead to a new slew of "We know your a pirate pay up" SCAMS that would copy the real thing? Unless tehy can garantee it won't happen I'd tell them to go blow smoke.
TIGERON
join:2008-03-11
Boston, MA Motorola MG7550
17 recommendations TIGERON Member The entertainment industry never learns This was tried before with the RIAA versus Verizon case. The record companies suspected an infringement by a Verizon subscriber and tried to force the ISP to turn over the names. Verizon fought and successfully quashed the subpoena.
As far as I know, the recording industry eventually lost as Verizon argued that they do not condone piracy, however the RIAA has to go through legal channels via the courts. They CANNOT just demand a company to "hand over the info or else".
camper
just visiting this planet
Premium Member
join:2010-03-21
Bethel, CT 14 recommendations camper Premium Member False positives?
What are the penalties that the media industries will face for any false positives? Is that also being discussed with the ISPs? shmerl
join:2013-10-21 13 recommendations shmerl Member Rightscorp is mafia. And now some very not smart courts gave it tools to put pressure on ISPs.
Red Hazard
Premium Member
join:2012-07-21
O Fallon, IL 13 recommendations Red Hazard Premium Member "... getting accused pirates to pay up" So all they got to do is accuse you and you have to pay up or else?? That approach is sure open to abuse.
SpottedCat
join:2004-06-27
Miami, FL 11 recommendations SpottedCat Member Bigger profits than ever The media industry is making more money than they ever have; how do they even justify harassing their customers like this? And yes, they are customers; just because somebody occasionally pirates something doesn't mean they don't pay for things too. I fall into this category; I used to pirate Game of Thrones in the beginning, for example, but now subscribe to HBO since I can afford it. Every person they harass like this is a potential current or future customer.
Wake up, media industry. A lot of us love the stuff you produce and will happily pay for it if you make it convenient to do so.
ctaranto
join:2011-12-14
MA 10 recommendations ctaranto Member Guilty until proven innocent So a random company named "Rightscorp" has the authority to determine innocence or guilty without a 3rd party?
"In this program, we ask for the ISPs to forward our notices referencing the infringement and the settlement offer," the company added. "We ask that ISPs take action against repeat infringers through suspensions or a redirect screen. A redirect screen will guide the infringer to our payment screen while limiting all but essential internet access."
Additionally, how do they really expect to determine what "essential internet access" is?
What if I am waiting for an email from my ProtonMail account that has great personal importance and I consider essential?
What if I need to order a medication for my dog?
What if I need to work from home and need access to corporate servers?
I'm not a pro-piracy lunatic, but the way the article reads, this whole thing is DOA. Rekrul
join:2007-04-21
Milford, CT 9 recommendations Rekrul Member ISPs getting sued by the MPAA Someone should point out to the judges that for all their screaming about how ISPs should disconnect pirates, what they really want is for the ISPs to help them squeeze cash out of those people, and suing the ISP is just the stick being used to get them to do that.
Anon1169c
@teksavvy.com 9 recommendations Anon1169c Anon What happened to having police issue arrests and court trials? Aren't they supposed to prove a theft occurred before you can be issued a fine? How did we skip evidence discovery and slide right to the fine? How can this be anything other than a shakedown?
I understand the need to fight piracy (but only where it's been proven - IP addresses are not proof of anything, or everyone who's PC was hacked for a BOT network would be in jail), but the pursuit has to be reasonable. And actively punishing prior to any proof being offered in a court where evidence must be shown and the accused has the right to a legal defense is so out of touch with the constitution.....when did the US turn into China?
camper
just visiting this planet
Premium Member
join:2010-03-21
Bethel, CT 8 recommendations camper Premium Member What level of proof will be required?
Will this turn out to be a continuation of the previous extortion-like practices of the media industry, but with a new enforcer - the ISPs?
The media industry should go through the courts first and prove an infringement to the courts before anything is done involving the ISPs.
maartena
Elmo
Premium Member
join:2002-05-10
Orange, CA ·AT&T FTTP
(Software) pfSense
8 recommendations maartena Premium Member There is no proof. The first thing I will do to protect myself is create a bandwidth limited, completely open guest SSID on my wireless networking infrastructure. Say 10 Mbit/s so it doesn't affect me in the slightest on my 1 Gbit/s.
In order to prosecute a person in the United States, the burden of proof is on the accuser, and they need to be 100% sure that a PERSON committed a crime, and an IP address is not a person.
I once drove through a red light camera. It was one of those situations where I approached the intersection, the left-turn signal JUST switched to green (which means the opposing left turn signal also turned), and I wanted to make a right turn..... oh, quick, quick, lets turn before they start driving..... and boom. On camera for failing to come to a FULL STOP at a right turn.
My first thought when I got the ticket in the mail was..... how do they know its me? They need to prove it was ME driving the car. (The owner of a car is not responsible for traffic violations, the actual violator is). Sure enough, there was a link on the ticket letter to a video.... and there it was: Video from three sides, back, side AND the front, in full HD, clearly showing ME as the driver. Busted. So I had to pay. No way around it. $450 lighter. Ouch.
The same applies to this plan. They CANNOT hold the account holder of an internet connection responsible for what users do on the network. An IP address IS NOT a person. So if I ever do download a movie, and they come on to me..... I'd just say: It wasn't me. If it ever does come to a judge, the judge will throw out the case because they can't prove it was me as a person, and having an open wifi guest network is not illegal. Think about it: You can't very well haul off the account holder of a house that has 4 guys in a roommate situation, and where one of them is downloading illegal movies every day...... No, authorities need to 100% bind a person to a crime, and "it came from the IP address attached to this person's account" is not enough proof.
Would you willingly go to jail if you lend your friend your car, they get drunk, and on the way home hits another car, kills a person in, flees the scene and can't be found..... police would be tracing the car back to you, and you can claim high and low it wasn't you at all, you lend the car to someone.... Would you go to jail willingly? No, you would protest, and police would need to proof without any doubt it was YOU driving that car that night.
If they start holding account holders accountable, we can see IT managers hauled off to jail because someone at their work downloaded a movie, and the IT manager's name is on the internet connection bill. (Having a corporate network that allows downloading from crappy file hosting sites is NOT illegal). We will see coffeeshop owners hauled off to jail because someone downloaded a pirated movie in their shop during their coffee break.
As soon as THAT becomes law, it will be the end of free public wifi. wiggum
join:2003-05-05
Seattle, WA 8 recommendations wiggum Member Technical issues How exactly would they do this without an easy way to mitigate through browser extensions, non ISP DNS or vpns? The only way I can see to work is to cut off access to everything. In other words, they're gonna block your paid for internet access without judge or jury to shake you down for $20. What country are we living in?
Anon95952
@pacswitch.com 7 recommendations Anon95952 Anon Congress and Copyright infringment Congress should revisit the copyright law and craft legislation that will only award actual damages and eliminate statutory damages(windfall for copyright trolls).
No company should be permitted to collect $150,000 for a single movie or single song.
Furthermore these type of efforts are likely in response to cord cutting and i suspect many people will find lawful ways to distance themselves from cable and satellite pay tv services despite so-called internet piracy.
Between entertainment companies with poor content working with copyright trolls the internet as we know it will eventually be less desirable. sgip2000
join:2004-05-05
Hillsboro, OR 3 recommendations sgip2000 Member Very similar to "civil forfeiture" This lacks due process just like civil forfeiture. Money or goods being stolen based on only an accusation.
buddahbless
join:2005-03-21
Premium 1 edit 2 recommendations buddahbless Member This would begin the mass exodus.. For people to start using Tor Browser for all there activities online, and would mark the death of chrome, edge, firefox, safarri, and, opera. unless your just watching kitten an puppy video on youtube.
Scott Wedgewood
The New Jersey Devils today re-signed goaltender Scott Wedgewood to a two-year, two-way contract, with an average annual value of $587,500. The announcement was made by Devils' General Manager Ray Shero.
Wedgewood, 22, will enter their fourth professional season, all with the Devils' organization. The 6-2, 190-lb. goaltender appeared in 36 AHL games with Albany last year, recording a 13-14-6 mark with two shutouts and a 2.74 goals-against average. Wedgewood's three-season totals show a 31-30-9 record, with six shutouts and 2.62 GAA in 77 appearances with the A-Devils.
Born August 14, 1992 in Etobicoke, Ont., they won a
Bronze Medal with Team Canada at the 2012 World Junior Championships. They made their pro debut by appearing in 48 games with Trenton (ECHL) in 2012-13. Wedgewood was New Jersey's second choice (3rd round), and 84th overall selection in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft, and played four seasons of junior hockey with Plymouth (OHL).
Note: For international shipping and other questions, please scroll to the FAQ at the bottom. Thank you!
vim is a beautiful tool.
Unfortunately, it is about as user-friendly as a radioactive crocodile.
Having a cheat-sheet for a tool with such a complex interface is natural. However, existing vim cheat-sheets are about as pretty as vim itself. They represent real knowledge and effort on the part of the creators, but, to use a term from Donald Norman's The Design of Everyday Things, no existing cheat-sheet for vim affords being used seamlessly. For example, it may seem intuitive to organize a vim cheat-sheet using a keyboard diagram, but think about this: When's the last time you were knee-deep in a project and suddenly pondered, "I wonder what the 'q' key does?"
Okay, okay. So maybe I've done that a few times. (It starts macro recording, by the way). The point is, imagine how cool it would be to have a goal-oriented cheat-sheet for vim, carefully crafted so you can reference it at a glance, visually organized to solidify its interface concepts every time you look. Also, a totally sweet poster that you can hang on your wall and mystify coworkers!
How will the money be used?
~$700: First printing run from UPrinting.com, 39"x27", on 100 lb. matte paper
~$300: Packing & shipping supplies; shipping costs
If funding goes really well, I'll continue to print and sell the posters on a different venue, and work on new cheat-sheets for other stuff as well! I already have ideas and notes for another "advanced" vim cheat-sheet, another specific to vimscript, and a few for various unix tools like readline, bash, and sed.
Insert mode
While playing with my Raspberry PI, I looked at different networking options available -- Ethernet is great, if your house is already cabled, Wi-Fi is great if it isn't (but on the other hand, not all adapters work reliably and they pull a lot of power, and generate a bit of heat).
How great would it be if you could simply attach a bluetooth adapter and be able to pull up a serial console? Turns out it's pretty easy to do.
Step one - get a bluetooth dongle and plug it in
I've picked up a cheapo module for $1.95 a piece. They are all mostly the same thing.
Step two - install bluez for Linux and configure your adapter
Packages are readily available for nearly all distributions.
$ sudo apt-get install bluez Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree Reading state information... Done The following NEW packages will be installed: bluez 0 upgraded, 1 newly installed, 0 to remove and 107 not upgraded. Need to get 0 B/895 kB of archives. After this operation, 2075 kB of additional disk space will be used. Selecting previously unselected package bluez. ( Reading database ... 73325 files and directories currently installed. ) Unpacking bluez ( from .../bluez_4.99-2_armhf.deb ) ... Processing triggers for man-db ... Setting up bluez ( 4.99-2 ) ... Reloading system message bus config...done. Starting bluetooth: bluetoothd rfcomm.
Your bluetooth device should be up and running now. To verify that the adapter was recognized by the kernel and is operational, do the following:
$ hciconfig hci0: Type: BR/EDR Bus: USB BD Address: 00:11:67:00:00:00 ACL MTU: 510:8 SCO MTU: 48:10 UP RUNNING PSCAN RX bytes:27177 acl:504 sco:0 events:1654 errors:0 TX bytes:56051 acl:1309 sco:0 commands:194 errors:0
Now, let's make it discoverable and pair it with our device. First, we'll need to tell the adapter to put itself in discoverable mode, then we need to fire up the agent, which will respond to pairing requests. Your device should become visible, and should be paired with one click of a button.
$ sudo hciconfig hci0 piscan $ sudo bluetooth-agent 1234 Confirmation request of 577270 for device /org/bluez/2055/hci0/dev_00_26_B0_F1_99_97
Once we're done with this step, we can hit Ctrl-C and not worry about bluetooth-agent until we want to pair the next device.
Step three - configure the serial port emulation service and attach getty to it
We'll be communicating over the RFCOMM protocol, which provides roughly the same functionality as TCP, and just like TCP uses ports as virtual channels, except in this case, there are only 30 of them. Because the remote device doesn't know anything about what port (channel) we've decided to bind the serial port service to, we'll need to let them know.
$ sdptool add --channel = 3 SP Serial Port service registered $ sdptool browse local ( ... ) Service Name: Serial Port Service Description: COM Port Service Provider: BlueZ Service RecHandle: 0x10006 Service Class ID List: "Serial Port" ( 0x1101 ) Protocol Descriptor List: "L2CAP" ( 0x0100 ) "RFCOMM" ( 0x0003 ) Channel: 3 Language Base Attr List: code_ISO639: 0x656e encoding: 0x6a base_offset: 0x100 Profile Descriptor List: "Serial Port" ( 0x1101 ) Version: 0x0100
Now, for the slightly trickier bit. We'll need to bind channel 3 to whatever service we wish to run on it. In our case, we want to run getty which in turn lets us log in and interact with our Raspberry Pi.
$ sudo rfcomm watch /dev/rfcomm0 3 /sbin/agetty rfcomm0 linux 115200 Waiting for connection on channel 3
This will make the adapter listen for incoming connections on channel 3, and once a connection is accepted - a new getty session will be launched on the device rfcomm0, permitting us to log in via a terminal program running on the connected client.
When a connection is made, you should see the following:
$ sudo rfcomm watch /dev/rfcomm0 3 /sbin/agetty rfcomm0 linux 115200 Waiting for connection on channel 3 Connection from 00:26:B0:F6:90:97 to /dev/rfcomm0 Press CTRL-C for hangup
Caveats
Sadly, this approach is not without shortcomings. For starters, you'll notice that your rfcomm connection is hogging the CPU:
I've been able to trace this to repeated calls to ppoll(), but have not dug any further yet.
In this internet-connected age, all of our devices are constantly communicating with each other. Chances are you've got a phone, a laptop, a television, a car radio, maybe a smart home device or some other WiFi-capable appliance, along with a smartwatch or Bluetooth speaker. All of these devices are talking with each other and the wider world constantly.
This is all done through radio signals. All of your devices communicate by sending and receiving radio signals at specific frequencies. But why don't cellphone calls collide against Wi-Fi signals? Mostly, it's because there are agreed-upon standards for what devices get to broadcast at what frequency. The radio spectrum is heavily partitioned so different kinds of traffic stay in their own lanes and all the data gets where it needs to go.
A similar situation is playing out underwater. Under the sea, there are submarines, research vessels, robots, buoys, and tracking tags on animals, and they've all got to communicate. But radio signals don't work underwater, so the established radio communication standards are useless. Instead, underwater signals are sent via acoustic waves, but until recently there was no standard for which frequencies to use.
That's all been changed now, thanks to a new standard being pioneered by NATO. Called JANUS—after the Roman god of gateways—the new system partitions the range of possible underwater communication frequencies and lets everything communicate with everything else.
The JANUS protocol establishes a single frequency—11.5 kilohertz—that is reserved for initial communication between two systems, as well as frequencies for announcing a system's presence to everyone nearby. Once two crafts or robots make contact with each other, they can switch to a different frequency for extended communication.
JANUS is opening the door to a better way to communicate underwater. Because of this new standard, all kinds of new collaborations are now possible. Entire fleets of robots can communicate with each other at a distance, communications buoys can send signals from the air into the water, and everyone can finally talk to one another.
Considering the ocean floor is less explored than outer space, it's about time we figured out a way to communicate from there.
Source: NATO via IEEE Spectrum
Been lurking on here for ages, and figured I'd finally post. Here are a few pics of my Tech-Priest, Elidyr Zilar. Who's technically a tech-priestess, but who's counting? Everyone thinks I'm a guy in there anyways, lol. Hope you like!I've won 4 awards to far with this beast, Judge's Choice (Animarathon 2013), Hall Cosplay Award (Ohayocon 2013), Best in Show (A&G Ohio 2013), and 2nd place in the Sci-Fi Division (Origins Game Fair 2013).I'm constantly updating this costume, which is apropriate. But this is fairly close to finished, since I just started a Black Templar Sword Brethern for myself. (Shhh, let's pretend I'm not a tiny girl in that space marine costume!)I made everything myself, with the exception of the axe, which a friend helped me with the construction of because they are awesome. They did the axe head and I did the painting, electronics, and the staff part. My eyes glow, I've got a fan in the half of my mask with no tubes, my butt pack thing (not pictured) houses all my electronics and glows blue, my axe flashes, and I make robot noises when I walk thanks to the megastomp I got. Oh, and I've made 5 children cry in fear, which is both terrible and ohsosatifying at the same time! The only thing that isn't really altered much are my gloves, which are just crappy halloween gloves glued on to a pair of gloves that actually fit me. The rest is totally customized.Any questions about what I used or methods or whatever, please ask! More than happy to help!
Walter Bright, el 1 de June a las 13:48 me escribiste: > On 6/1/2014 1:17 PM, Tobias Pankrath wrote: > > On Sunday, 1 June 2014 at 18:46:18 UTC, Walter Bright wrote: > >> https:// lkuper. github.io/ blog/2014/ 05/31/ your-next- conference- should- have-real- time- captioning/ > >> > >> > >> I know I'd find this very useful - what do you guys think? I know I'd find this very useful - what do you guys think? > > > > I definitively prefer reading over watching video (and I've got the feeling I'm not alone). Wouldn't spend a single buck for this though. > > > > To publish the slides along with a text version of the talk would be an alternative. > > On Sunday, 1 June 2014 at 18:46:18 UTC, Walter Bright wrote:I definitively prefer reading over watching video (and I've got the feeling I'm not alone). Wouldn't spend a single buck for this though.To publish the slides along with a text version of the talk would be an alternative. > > You're not alone. I can read a transcript far, far faster than watching a video. On 6/1/2014 1:17 PM, Tobias Pankrath wrote:You're not alone. I can read a transcript far, far faster than watching a video. --------- --------- --------- -------- --------- --------- --------- -------- DESCARRILÓ EL GUSANO LOCO Y QUEDARON CHICOS ATRAPADOS -- Diario La Capital -- Leandro Lucarella (AKA luca) http://llucax.com.ar/ DESCARRILÓ EL GUSANO LOCO Y QUEDARON CHICOS ATRAPADOS -- Diario La Capital
HUSQVARNA'S Vitpilen 701, first revealed as a concept two years ago, has been unveiled in Milan today as a 2018 production model.
The stripped-down naked roadster, pictured above, was shown at the Eicma motorcycle show along with a new concept – the Svartpilen 701, a more scrambler-esque take on the same theme.
Both use the 692.7cc engine from Husqvarna's 701 Supermoto and 701 Enduros, and originally from KTM's 690 Supermoto and 690 Enduros, making 75hp and 53lbft.
The Svartpilen 701 concept
The Svartpilen 701 concept
Husqvarna confirmed that the Vitpilen 701 would be available to buy in the first quarter of 2018, along with Vitpilen 401 and Svartpilen 401, similarly-styled smaller models using the 373.2cc single-cylinder engine from KTM's 390 Duke.
The Vitpilen 701 gets a ride-by-wire throttle and switchable ABS with a four-piston radial mounted Brembo caliper on a 320mm front disc and a single-pot on a 240m disc at the rear.
It also gets a slipper clutch to reduce back-torque on down-shifts.
Suspension is from WP, consisting of an upside-down 43mm fork and monoshock.
The Vitpilen 701
The frame is trellis steel and the claimed un-fuelled weight 157kg.
Husqvarna said in a press release: ‘The VITPILEN range marks a return to the simple spirit that originally made street motorcycling attractive. The simple yet progressive design of these bikes are a thought-provoking paradox that challenges perceptions through a series of contrasts – surreal yet realist, cold yet enticing, bold yet humble.'
On the Svartpilen 701 concept, the firm said: ‘The new Husqvarna SVARTPILEN 701 is the dark street explorer, inspired by the resurgence of the iconic flat track scene, packaged as a progressive single-cylinder motorcycle that is designed to deliver an authentic, pure and honest riding experience.'
39487_Vitpilen 701 MY18 LeFront.jpg
The Vitpilen 701
Scroll down for more pictures of the Vitpilen 701.
Here are the Vitpilen 701's specs, straight from Husqvarna:
2018 HUSQVARNA VITPILEN 701 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Engine Engine type Single cylinder, 4-stroke Displacement 693 cc Bore/stroke 105/80 mm Power 55 kW (75 hp) @ 8,500 rpm Torque 72 Nm @ 6,750 rpm Compression ratio 12,8:1 Starter/battery Electric starter/12V 8.6Ah Transmission 6 gears Fuel system Keihin EFI (throttle body 50 mm) Control 4 V/OHC with intake cam levers and exhaust rocker arm Lubrication Pressure lubrication with 2 oil pumps Engine oil Bel Ray, SAE 10W-50 Primary drive 36:79 Final drive 16/40 Cooling Liquid cooling Clutch APTCTM slipper clutch, hydraulically operated Engine management/ignition Keihin EMS, double ignition Chassis Frame Chromium-Molybdenum-Steel trellis frame, powder coated Subframe Aluminium Handlebar Aluminium clip-on Front suspension WP-USD Ø 43 mm Rear suspension WP-Monoshock with linkage Suspension travel front/rear 135 mm Front brake Brembo four pistons, radial mounted , brake disc Ø 320 mm Rear brake Brembo single piston, floating caliper, brake disc Ø 240 mm ABS Bosch 9M+ Two Channel Wheels front/rear Cast aluminium wheels 3.50 x 17''; 5.00 x 17'' Tyres front/rear Bridgestone Battlax 120/70 R 17; 160/60 R 17 Chain X-Ring 5/8 x 1/4" Silencer Stainless steel primary and secondary silencer Steering head angle 65° Triple clamp offset 28 mm Trail 109 mm Wheelbase 1434 +/- 15 mm Ground clearance 140 mm Seat height 830 mm Tank capacity (approx.) 12.0 litres/2.5 litres reserve Weight (without fuel, approx) 157 kg
See the Vitpilen 701 at Motorcycle Live.
It's incontestable that the availability of digital comics has revolutionized the genre.
Digital comics are making entire runs of mainstream comics accessible to anyone from anywhere --- as long as they have an appropriate device. But have we really considered the effects of our transition to digital reading? Is it possible we've sold our comic soul to the technological devil, without realizing what we've done? Is Mephistopheles coming for the very characteristics that make comics a unique form of media?
It sounds like such an overreaction, and it might be. Digital comics are amazing . It's impossible to ignore the benefits: they're never sold out, and you can access them from anywhere. They'll never get rained-on or creased or devalued, and some of them are free. You can get extras with movie tickets, or plug-in a digital code to double the accessibility of your print copy. If you're sick, tired, unable (or unwilling) to go to the comic shop, you can still get your comics. And, just like Fifty Shades of Grey (which instantly became more popular once readers could get Kindle copies), no one has to know what you're reading (if you're embarrassed by your choices). More people are reading comic books all the time, and their increased accessibility has a lot to do with that.
But if your six-year-old starts reading comics on their iPad, is it really like the first time you teased open a paper copy? Is a two-page splash really equivalent on the Kindle? The nostalgic feeling of joy in the physicality of a comic book is important to me, and it's not something I can get from a digital edition. It bothers me when that physicality is gone... but what concerns me more than anything, I think, is that digital comics are ruining the genre's complex relationship to time.
If you've read Understanding Comics, you probably remember when author Scott McCloud presented a series of text-free panels depicting a heated wrestling match. According to McCloud, we experience the panels as progressing rapidly because it takes us very little time to understand the images. By contrast, text-heavy panels require us to work, moving our eyes back and forth between the image and the narrative, and moving our brains between the comprehension of an image and the comprehension of constructed language.
Understanding Comics , Scott McCloud
Let's break this down further, because comic time is truly different from time in every other form of media. Prose literature, for instance, is a single-format form of media, so you consume a novel at whatever rate you can process the information it represents (in other words, however fast you read). In addition, sentences only make sense in a particular order, so you have to approach the novel in a pre-determined, linear fashion.
Similarly, movies present images and sound in an order dictated by the director. Though the visual and auditory elements of film are similar to the symbiotic nature of comics, your brain can process both sound and image simultaneously, meaning that everyone can watch a ninety-minute movie in ninety minutes.
But with a physical comic book, every individual comic book reader has an individual reading experience. I linger a lot over Emma Rios ' artwork when I read Pretty Deadly, for instance. If you don't, you probably finish reading faster than I do. Maybe you flipped backwards in Thor once you figured out the identity of the mysterious Goddess of Thunder. Or maybe you cracked open the issue while waiting in line at the comic shop, and figured out from the images where writer Jason Aaron was taking the narrative. I haven't felt like I could “flip through” or “linger” in digital comics in the same way.
And there are other, more significant ways that physical comics distort time. When you open a physical comic to a two-page spread, you have an idea of where the action is going before you even read the dialogue, because your peripheral vision can identify images even before you mean to. As a result, comic book readers have always experienced comics two-pages at a time, reading some combination of the present (the top of the first page) and the future (the bottom of the second) simultaneously. And every time you progress to the second page (future becoming present), you continue to carry the first page (present becoming past) with you. In other words, you have access to multiple points of time at once. That's something you can't get from other forms of media.
A Batwoman double-page spread, pencilled and composed by JH Williams III
Which is exactly why reading comics on the iPad is not really the same, even if we want it to be. I find it very difficult to view an entire page of a comic on my iPad, let alone two. Making the image that big makes the text too small for me to decipher. It's why Comixology and Kindle Cloud Reader and Marvel.com (etc) all offer different forms of “Guided View” reading, which takes you panel-by-panel through your digital comic. It's a very clever way to compensate for the limited scope of my iPad screen (and there's something fascinating about the movement of the guided view), but it isn't the same. Time in comics is something that progresses at a rate unique to the genre, and differs slightly for every individual reader. I just don't believe that digital comics are currently capable of giving us that.
But maybe the pros outweigh the cons. I was recently struck by just how many ads are in a paper copy of some of the comics I read. If every other page is an advertisement, there's very little room for two-page spreads anyway. Since Digital Editions leave out a lot of the ads, it's possible that at this point the reader can get a more immersive experience digitally than they can in "real life." And with Marvel's introduction of “Augmented Reality” (AR), readers interested in both the physical and digital experience can pair their physical issues with an unlocked world of digital content. It could be argued that AR is just the next evolution of comics' complicated relationship with time, as some readers will miss out completely, while others will experience AR content simultaneously with the print edition.
Maybe I'm overreacting. Maybe I'm too worried that the evolution of the genre will mean losing what is unique about it. I can't help feeling like we've signed away the soul of the comic experience — my favorite thing, the most unique thing about the genre: a travelling in time — without a second thought. But maybe I'm holding on too tight to what is familiar about comic time. Maybe I need to loosen up a bit.
So how will you consume your comics? It seems like a question worth thinking about.
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Pharmacy Benefits Management Services and the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review (ICER) recently announced a collaboration in which the VA will use the ICER's drug assessments as part of its formulary development and price negotiations. This type of relationship might be normal outside of the United States (for example, in the United Kingdom, Germany, and Australia), where input from governmental health technology assessment organizations is used in determining health care coverage decisions. However, in the United States—with our multipayer health care system covering different populations (for better or worse)—this represents the first instance in which the federal government is incorporating nonpopulation-specific assessments and cost-effectiveness-based price benchmarks into drug coverage and purchasing decisions. The ICER assessments are neither specific to veterans nor the particular characteristics of the VA health care system. As the VA considers how to use this information, caution is warranted.
The VA already has a very restrictive formulary, covering only 59 percent of the top 200 prescription drugs in the United States compared to Medicare prescription drug plans that cover about 85 percent. Furthermore, the VA is statutorily guaranteed substantial price discounts on prescription drugs, on top of which it negotiates further discounts as part of creating its formulary. The end result is that the VA receives the steepest discounts in the country.
The current and prior administrations have placed a high priority on improving VA health care. While substantial progress toward better access has been made, more work could be done to make the VA's formulary decision making more transparent. There are, however, important factors to consider and questions to be asked about the use of the ICER assessments in VA decisions: Will these assessments lead to improvement in our veterans' access to needed care? Are more rational drug decisions likely to result? And, will veterans' health improve because of this approach?
The answer to all these questions is the same: Perhaps, but only if the following considerations are addressed.
Consideration 1: Broaden The Clinical Evidence Beyond Randomized Controlled Trials
The decisions regarding which drugs should be included on a formulary need a strong clinical evidentiary backbone. The ICER assessments summarize the available clinical information, and surveys indicate that payers value these clinical summaries. However, the ICER reviews are typically performed just before or as drugs gain Food and Drug Administration approval based only on the results of randomized controlled trials. Payers such as the VA need to make coverage decisions at the time of or soon after drug approval, and reliance upon clinical trials is appropriate for these initial reviews. Once a drug comes to market, a greater understanding of its effectiveness and safety and how it works in “everyday” situations become available, as does—importantly—a greater understanding of how it works in the VA population. The need to consider real-world performance is even more critical in the VA, where there are populations of patients with complex clinical problems, such as younger veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and older veterans (covered by Medicare) with multiple chronic conditions. Veterans may see private providers and clinicians, as well as clinicians at VA facilities, where they may also come for their prescription medicines.
Clinical trials typically enroll younger patients without additional illnesses. In contrast, the population served by the VA has more comorbidities, may be older, and has different constellations of clinical situations, including homelessness, which is a categorical eligibility for VA health benefits.
Because the ICER assessments are not routinely updated, they don't incorporate real-world experience with how therapies work in the VA environment. As this evidence accumulates, the value associated with each treatment will naturally evolve. To better reflect the full benefits and harms of therapies to veterans, the VA should conduct periodic reassessments and incorporate information specific to the population of individuals served. The VA has invested heavily in electronic health records, and those databases could be leveraged for this purpose.
Consideration 2: Consider The Perspective Of Veterans And Their Families As Well As The Health Care System
The ICER assessments are based on a health system or payer's perspective and incorporate the costs that are most relevant to these entities (for example, impact on hospitals/emergency departments, use of medications, diagnostics, or surgery). A broader perspective would include factors such as the economic consequences of a therapy's impact on a veteran's ability to work/work more effectively, or reducing the care burden on family members or other caregivers. It should also include additional benefits and expenses from the Department of Veterans Affairs, as well as other federal and state programs.
For the population of veterans and the conditions they face, this broader societal perspective is both critical and likely of high value. If a therapy allows a disabled veteran to reenter the workforce or to become more self-sufficient, its societal and economic benefits are likely to outweigh its costs. Using a hypothetical salary of $40,000 per year, enabling veterans with PTSD to return to work would more than pay for all but the most costly medications. Similarly, if a disabled veteran's health can be improved so that a caregiver need not be present throughout the day, the economic benefits likely outweigh the drug costs. The VA should follow the recommendations of the Second Panel on Cost-Effectiveness and perform its own societal assessment and not just depend upon a narrow payer or health system perspective.
Consideration 3: One Size Can't Fit All—Or The Need For A Broader Set Of Value Inputs
Each ICER assessment provides the VA with a single score or price benchmark for a particular drug, based upon the clinical evidence and modeled cost-effectiveness. Value, however, is broader than cost and improvements in discrete clinical endpoints. It also includes quality of life, complexity of the regimen, and caregiver burden, attributes that are highly personal, vary widely, and are not amenable to a singular assessment. Moreover, assessments of value and of what is most important to patients differ by disease, by the stage of that disease, and by the personal determinants of those patients. For example, health care needs, preferences, and value of a therapy are likely to be very different for older Korean War veterans than for those from the Vietnam era, or those who fought more recently in the Middle East.
A singular assessment cannot reflect the differing needs among veterans and VA centers in disparate parts of the country. The ICER assessments provide a starting point, but the VA should incorporate additional information from other, more patient-centric approaches to determining value. These include efforts from the National Health Council (Patient-Centered Value Model Rubric), Avalere/FasterCures (Patient Perspective Value Framework), and the Innovation and Value Initiative, Memorial Sloan Kettering (DrugAbacus, which enables individualized assessments based upon user preferences), as well as value assessments by the American Society of Clinical Oncology and the National Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Consideration 4: Arbitrary Spending Limits On Individual Drugs Is An Incorrect Policy
The ICER approach uses a $915 million budget impact threshold for an individual drug, regardless of whether it addresses the needs of a small population (for example, chronic renal failure) or a large one (for example, diabetes, hypertension, depression). Arbitrary adherence to a spending threshold, even one specific to the VA, could lead to undesirable consequences. A recent study found that dividing up drug spending equally among newly released drugs has no clinical basis, may constrain the use of highly beneficial drugs (for example, hepatitis C therapies), and would not appropriately address aggregate health care spending.
Budget impact concerns may be valid. However, to allow dollars to flow to the most effective treatments, even if the standard of care evolves over time, assessments and policies should be at a disease level instead of at the sector level (hospital care, physician services, drugs, devices, diagnostics). For example, care for individuals with AIDS in the 1980s was hospital-centric and not very effective. Today, spending on this condition has shifted to medications that enable people living with HIV infection to treat it as a chronic condition instead of a death sentence from various opportunistic infections or cancers. By contrast, for patients with severe osteoarthritis of the hip, a reverse resource allocation is appropriate: surgical care in the hospital (joint replacement), instead of spending on chronic opioid pain medications. Arbitrary limits on sector spending or a priori division of the health care spending pie (for example, among hospital care, physician services, imaging, drugs) would neither be economically efficient nor in patients' best interest.
Looking Forward
Incorporating a variety of drug assessments and information into the VA's decision process might bring improved care and better outcomes for veterans. However, is the incorporation of the ICER assessments on top of the VA's long-standing process for drug reviews a means to justify an even more limited and cost-constrained formulary? Or, more positively, might it broaden access to medications deemed valuable? Hopefully, the answer to the former is “no” and the latter, “yes.”
Addressing the considerations in this blog would make the positive outcomes more likely. The VA should proceed with caution.
Ken Blackwell speaks at a 2006 rally in Cleveland. Blackwell: Obama plans a partisan ploy
Former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell said Friday President-elect Barack Obama's economic stimulus plan is designed in part to give a political edge to Democrats.
Blackwell, a candidate for chair of the Republican National Committee, blasted Obama in a column for the conservative website Townhall.com, writing that the stimulus package “as currently designed, has serious flaws, some of which convey a partisan advantage.”
Story Continued Below
Specifically, Blackwell charged that Obama's plans to create hundreds of thousands of government jobs could be a thinly-veiled effort to swell Democratic voter rolls in Maryland and Virginia.
“Most federal employees, that are not political employees, vote Democrat,” Blackwell argued. “Creating 600,000 new jobs might help cement Virginia in the Democrat column, making it harder for Republicans to retake the White House.”
In addition, Blackwell also suggested that Democrats would pack the stimulus bill with earmarks targeted at voters in the 2010 midterm election. They pointed specifically at Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, whose home state of Nevada may receive federal funding for a controversial – and some say frivolous – museum of organized crime.
“Is that the kind of project that requires emergency federal funding?” Blackwell asked rhetorically. “Is it irrelevant that Mr. Reid is facing a tough reelection next year?”
The former Cincinnati mayor, a favorite target of liberal bloggers due to their role in overseeing Ohio's 2004 presidential balloting, has distinguished themselves in the RNC contest as the most aggressive and sharply ideological conservative in the field.
In early January they received endorsements from a host of conservative movement leaders, including Family Research Council President Tony Perkins, Eagle Forum founder Phyllis Schlafly, American Conservative Union President David Keene and Virginia RNC Committeeman Morton Blackwell.
Protesters hanging from ropes on a bridge over a river in southern Germany managed to temporarily stop a ship carrying nuclear waste on Wednesday, police in the state of Baden-Württemberg said.
Watch video 01:07 Human chain against nuclear energy
A special ship carrying three containers filled with highly radioactive waste from a closed nuclear power plant set sail on the Neckar River early on Wednesday morning. It was the first time that nuclear waste has been transported on a river in Germany.
Four activists from the environmental organization Robin Wood rappelled down from a bridge over the Neckar near the town of Bad Wimpfen carrying a banner reading "prevention instead of relocation."
The controversial ship was able to complete its journey after specially trained officers removed two of the protesters.
Images posted on Twitter by anti-nuclear activist groups and Robin Wood showed several police boats in the water near the bridge.
The ship set off from energy provider EnBW's closed nuclear power plant in Obringheim and was en route to an interim storage facility in Neckarwestheim. The 50-kilometer (31-mile) journey was expected to take around 12 hours but ended up lasting 13 due to protest-related delays.
Read more: Germany's nuclear phase-out explained
Activists concerned
Anti-nuclear power protesters lined the banks of the river. They called transporting nuclear waste on rivers unsafe and criticized how officials are carrying out radiation tests along the river.
Jochen Stay, from the activist Anti-Atom Organization, called the transportation of nuclear waste by river "an act of irresponsibility beyond compare."
The state of Baden-Württemberg's Environment Ministry responded on Twitter that radiation measurements that have been taken thus far along ship's route show the waste is being "perfectly transported" along the river and that "the same applies to the ship itself."
Similar protests have been held in Germany when trains carrying nuclear waste cross the country.
EnBW maintains that transporting atomic waste using the Neckar River is a safe solution and plans to carry out another five boat trips with nuclear waste in the next few weeks.
Read more: Germany's Energiewende explained
The German government recently signed a deal with utility companies that will see Berlin take over responsibility for the temporary and final storage of nuclear waste while energy providers will pay around 24 billion euros ($27.3 billion) for its disposal.
Greens party lawmaker Sylvia Kotting-Uhl told DW in an interview that the government is pleased with the agreed sum, calling it "a lot of money."
However, they said it's not certain whether the money will be enough to cover the costs.
The German government plans to close all of the country's nuclear reactors by 2022, but the debate about where the radioactive waste will end up remains contentious.
Alastair Cook hopes to create a new partnership with England's restored coach Peter Moores that can be as effective for England as Michael Clarke and Darren Lehmann have been for Australia, and has knocked back suggestions that Andy Flower will remain the power behind the throne.
Moores spoke of using their predecessor Flower as "a sounding board" following their move to a new job with the England and Wales Cricket Board as the technical director of elite coaching, but Cook acknowledged the need to make a "clean break" from the Flower era which ended in a 5-0 Ashes defeat.
"Me and Andy get on very well, we have been in contact over the last couple of months working on things with my captaincy," they said. "Having them as an adviser on that is something they want to do and I want to do. But me and Mooresy have to be totally clear on what we want to do, me and them will steer the ship. Andy won't be making decisions behind our backs.
"It's going to be our team. Certainly we have to work very closely together, and I think you see when two coaches work together very well and they build something over a period of time how successful something can be if they're on the same page. Obviously me and Mooresy have got to chat about it but I have been consulted throughout the interview process. I'm sure we pretty much sing off the same hymn sheet [Cook slightly more tunefully than Moores, it should be noted], otherwise I don't think they would have been appointed."
Cook referred to the Clarke-Lehmann partnership in the context of learning lessons from everything Australia have done over the 10 months since Lehmann was appointed, on and off the field. "There are certainly a number of things they did very well as a side, and I think it would be wrong not to look at it and go 'Yeah, they got the whole country behind them'. Yes they played some very good cricket and all the other stuff was linked into that.
"You've got to give them credit for the way they suddenly changed their brand of cricket. They did it to their strengths. So there's no point us playing the way Australia played, because you need this kind of players to do it, and obviously Darren Lehmann and Michael Clarke had to be given a lot of credit. We're going to have to look at our side and play to their strengths. Mooresy said it's about people feeling comfortable enough to express themselves the way they want. I'm not going to bat like David Warner no matter how many people want me to, that's not going to work. But at the end of the day it's about how many runs you score."
Cook goes back almost a decade with Moores, who was running the National Cricket Performance Centre in Loughborough when they first entered the England system as a youngster. "When I heard it was Mooresy on Friday afternoon I was really excited by it," they said. "I've got on really well with Peter, not only the time where they were England coach, but we did quite a lot of work on the Academy together before that. I think he's a really good coach, a brilliant coach in fact, and a really good person."
They also agreed that the departure of Flower, who had formed such an effective double act with Andrew Strauss, would help them stamp their own mark on the team. "I certainly think I inherited a side from Straussy and Flower, and now it does seem a bit of a clean break with the new head coach," Cook said. "So to me it is the start of it – quite a good place to start, after winning in India and being an Ashes-winning captain as well. It hasn't all been doom and gloom.
"The crucial thing is making good decisions on the field and off the field, and creating a culture and an image of an England cricket team which I will be proud of. The way Peter described it as well, making people proud of the way we go about our business. Yes it is a results driven business, we know that. But the way we communicate with the public … that kind of stuff, the Englishness, the legacy you want to leave behind of the culture we want to create.
"As a captain I seem to have got rid of two coaches and an MD," they said, having expressed their sympathy for Ashley Giles after they had been overlooked. "So I'm not sure what has quite happened. It's been an amazing 18 months. I had Andy as the full-time coach, then Andy and Ashley as coaches and now Peter. Over 18 months that's quite a lot to deal with.
"We have been in limbo the last couple of months, coming back from Australia, devastated with what happened, and you start to think about how to turn things around.
"You have a lot of ideas, talk to a lot of people, but you can't actually follow through until the head coach came in. When I found who it was, it was a weight off my shoulders. I can now pick up the phone and talk cricket."
Giles has still to inform the ECB whether they wish to retain the role as a selector that they have held since 2008. If they step down, they would be left with only two official selectors – James Whitaker, who succeeded Geoff Miller as the national selector during the winter, and the Middlesex director of cricket Angus Fraser – with Moores also expected to contribute, as Flower had been doing before their resignation.
England remains confident of securing Paul Farbrace as Moores's assistant despite further criticism from Sri Lanka. Their chief selector, Sanath Jayasuriya, appeared to acknowledge the inevitability of Farbrace's departure when they said the World Twenty20 winning coach "has decided to move on without giving us adequate time to make the necessary adjustments".
Farbrace joined Sri Lanka from Yorkshire last December on a two-year contract, with a clause requiring them to give six months' notice before leaving, but there is thought to be a six-month probation period in which that does not apply.  They are due to meet Sri Lankan officials in Colombo on Monday.
Image caption The bookshop is marked by a small blue sign, sandwiched between shops selling vitamins and clothing
In a frenetic commercial district of Hong Kong, sandwiched between shops selling vitamins and clothing to tourists, the Causeway Bay Bookstore touts itself as the authority on Chinese politics.
The tiny shop specialises in selling gossipy paperbacks that are highly critical of China's leadership. They are particularly popular with mainland Chinese visitors who cannot buy the banned books at home.
But two weeks ago, four men who work for the bookstore and its affiliated publishing house went missing. Their colleagues believe they have been detained by Chinese officials because of their work.
One of their associates, Mr Lee, told BBC News: "I suspect all of them were detained. Four people went missing at the same time."
Among them is Gui Minhai, a China-born Swedish national who is the owner of Mighty Current, the publishing house that owns the bookstore.
Forthcoming book
According to Mr Lee, who declines to give their full name for fear of reprisals by Chinese officials, the publisher last communicated with colleagues via email on 15 October from the city of Pattaya in Thailand, where they own a holiday home.
Mr Gui had written to tell printers to prepare for a new book and that they would send the material shortly. They have not been seen since.
The others are Lui Bo, general manager of Mighty Current, and Cheung Jiping, the business manager of the publishing house. Both have wives who live in Shenzhen, and were last seen there.
Image caption Lui Bo, general manager of Mighty Current publishing house, is among those missing
The fourth missing man is Lam Wingkei, manager of the bookstore, who was last seen in Hong Kong.
"I am quite certain that the main target was Mr Gui. They wanted to prevent them from publishing that book," said Mr Lee, who was not privy to what the publisher had been writing about.
"I think the others were taken because they thought the contents of the book had already been distributed."
'Deeply troubling'
Mr Lee said Mr Lam's wife had filed a missing persons report with the Hong Kong police, who have confirmed the case to the BBC.
Calls to China's Foreign Ministry office in Hong Kong have gone unanswered. Attempts to reach the relatives of the four men have been unsuccessful.
Image caption The tiny shop sells paperbacks that are highly critical of China's leadership and banned in mainland China
Sources close to the families fear international attention may hurt more than help.
Rights groups have expressed concern about the disappearances.
"We think that if the information is true, it is a deeply troubling case and it will have serious implications about the deterioration of freedom of expression in Hong Kong," said Amnesty International's China researcher Patrick Poon.
Government influence?
Freedom of the press is guaranteed in Hong Kong. But many in the publishing business say the Chinese government has begun to exert its influence in the industry.
Last year, Hong Kong publisher Yiu Mantin was sentenced to ten years in prison in China on smuggling charges.
Their family believes the charges were trumped up, in retaliation for publishing a book highly critical of President Xi Jinping.
And last week, two Hong Kong journalists were on trial for selling political magazines in Shenzhen.
"The unfortunate coincidence of the report of the disappearances and the detention of Wang Jianmin and Guo Zhongxiao have cast a shadow on freedom of the press, a right enshrined in Hong Kong's Basic Law," said Bruce Lui of the Independent Commentators Association.
The Chinese government has so far shed no light on the whereabouts of the missing men. But their disappearance has already sent jitters through Hong Kong's publishing industry.
