Dramatic new video just released by Des Moines police shows officers pulling people out from a burning car during a fatal crash early Sunday morning.The dash-camera video shows officers arriving on the scene and working to put out the fire on the bottom side of a flipped car. The car is engulfed in flames as officers beat on the frame to try to get the doors open.A person inside the burning vehicle can be heard calling for help.The crash happened at 3 a.m. at the intersection of Southeast 14th Street. Police said a car traveling at a high rate of speed crashed into a Ford Explorer. Police said the driver of the car didn't stop at a traffic signal.An officer just arriving at the scene can be heard calling dispatch, "We have people in the vehicle, on its side."The driver of the Explorer, Jennifer Garcia, 17, died. Three other occupants, Alexandra Cordova, 18, Irania Cordova, 14, and Alejandro Garcia, 20, were taken to a hospital with injuries.An officer can be seen exhausting multiple fire extinguishers trying to put out the fire.Two occupants of the car, driver Michael Lomax, 21, and passenger Feliciano White, 22, were taken to a hospital.Other officers are seen in the video climbing on top of the SUV and pulling out a people trapped inside. Another person was pulled out a back window after officer were able to break it out.An officer is heard calling dispatch again, "Advise F.D. (fire department), we have several injured. We need several squads."Two of the passengers in Garcia's car will have lengthy hospital stays: one will be in the hospital for three to four weeks while the other will remain for up to two months.Police said Officers Aaron Cawthorn, Colin Boone, Jeremy Sprague, Robin Swank and reserve Officer John Carter were involved in the rescue effort.Garcia's funeral was held on Thursday.Police said Lomax was arrested and charged in the case when they were released from the hospital at 4 p.m. Thursday. Lomax is charged with vehicular homicide by recklessness and failure to obey a traffic control signal. se.Police said they are waiting for toxicology test results and other charges could be filed in the case.The crash remains under investigation.
Melbourne is rightly proud of its world-beating quality of life. How a town at the far end of the antipodes rose to become the world's most liveable city, four years in a row, is a study in good planning and good government. More specifically, it has been achieved through significant investment in infrastructure over decades.
But sadly, that is a lesson Victoria's leaders seem to have forgotten, particularly when it comes to the transport system. Considered proposals, proper deliberation and appropriate investment has been replaced by pipedreams, political bickering and underinvestment.
Illustration: Jim Pavlidis.
If the state government and parliament do not get their act together in the next term then the city's reputation is at serious risk. Because there is an incontrovertible reality that policymakers still do not seem to comprehend: Melbourne's population has grown by a staggering 25 per cent or 900,000 since 2000 to 4.35 million – and it is a trend that is set to continue.
Everywhere you look, the city's transport system is struggling to cope. With a state election looming, there are two key reforms that voters should demand to help get Melbourne back on track.
As readers of this blog, you have evolved to such a state that you no longer rely purely on your limbic system when interacting with the world, you have advanced to such a stage whereby you have grown a prefrontal cortex and developed higher thought. This has resulted in you understanding the so-called #PayGap is nonsense.
I have covered the #PayGap in some detail recently (here and here) and I have also modestly annihilated the concept here but, why should I be the one to deconstruct the myth of sex-based direct-discrimination in the Pay Cheque? Why should I act as the mouthpiece of thought and reason when I can make way for a higher being, a voice that is above all when it comes to statistics, data and numbers!?
Yes, that's right, I am talking about the Home Office's Office for National Statistics!
I wish to refer the reader to their latest document which discusses the Pay Gap, the document that all feminists run to when they want to prove this alleged discrimination, it's the Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings: 2017 provisional and 2016 revised results. In Section 7, we find Gender Pay Differences, this is what feminists cite when backing up their arguments. In the first paragraph we find:
The gender pay gap is calculated as the difference between average hourly earnings (excluding overtime) of men and women as a proportion of average hourly earnings (excluding overtime) of men's earnings. For example, a 4.0% gender pay gap denotes that women earn 4.0% less, on average, than men.
Hmm, I have noticed something odd. They do not refer to the Pay Gap as women and men being paid differently for the same work rather, men earn more money than women. They do this because “using hourly earnings better accounts for the fact that men work on average more hours per week than women”. According to my research, the average male work-week is 34% longer than the average female work-week (25.7 hours vs 34.6 hours). In fact, the document's title refers to earnings rather than pay, maybe there's a reason for that.
They also split the data into part-time and full-time and comment how men earn more in full-time work and women earn more in part-time work. They also note how both these pay gaps are closing down towards zero:
In April 2017, the gender pay gap (for median earnings) for full-time employees decreased to 9.1%, from 9.4% in 2016 (Figure 6). This is the lowest since the survey began in 1997, where the gender pay gap was 17.4%, although the gender pay gap has changed relatively little in recent years.
For part-time employees separately, we see a different pattern, whereby women are paid more per hour, on average than men. However, as with the full-time gender pay gap, this part-time gender pay gap moved closer to zero, from negative 6.1% in April 2016 to negative 5.1% in April 2017, as earnings for part-time men increased by more than for women.
Deciding that isn't enough, the ONS then goes full nuclear on any idiot who thinks they can use this data to prove some kind of feminist talking point:
It should be noted that the gender pay gap figures presented in this bulletin do not show differences in rates of pay for comparable jobs, as they are affected by factors such as the proportion of men and women working part-time or in different occupations. For example, a higher proportion of women work in occupations such as administration and caring, which tend to offer lower salaries.
#RIP all feminists.
The fun does not end there, the ONS discusses their methodology in greater detail in the document Guide to interpreting Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings (ASHE) estimates, whence they say in Section 9, ‘How can the gender pay gap for all employees be higher than the gender pay gap for full-time employees?':
The gender pay gap estimate is calculated as a differential proportion of two median estimates, the middle points of the data, one for female and one for males. The composition of the male and female employee workforces are quite different, with more women working part-time than men (42% compared with 12% respectively – source: Labour Force Survey, Quarter 2 (April to June) 2017, Table EMP04). Because the hourly earnings of part-time employees tend to be less, on average, than the earnings of full-time employees, this means women are more likely to receive lower hourly rates of pay. It's this fact that helps explain why the gender pay gap for all full-time and part-time employees is greater than the gender pay gap for full-time employees only.
This should be obvious to all, if the median is the middle point of the data and, as 42% of female workers are part-time compared to 12% of male workers, this means the median female worker will be earning less than the median male worker. It's so obvious it hurts that feminists can't grasp this.
However, despite the fact this should be overwhelmingly obvious, the ONS know that there are certain people (typically feminists but they're too PC to outright name them) who cannot grasp basic maths. So, to remedy this, the ONS says:
Consider the following fictitious example (shown in Table 2) representing the male and female samples collected on the Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings (ASHE).
The male sample contains more full-time employees, while the female sample contains more part-time employees. When considering the full-time employees only, the majority of the male sample is used, whilst typically only the higher earners of the female sample are considered. Due to this, when taking the medians, that is, the middle point of the selected sample, the gender pay gap is relatively small.
When all employees are considered, the typically lower-paid part-time workers are included, of which there are more lower-paid female workers than male. As a consequence, this causes the gap to increase (usually as a result of the female median decreasing).
Sweet Lord, I could not have put it better myself. Here is the fictitious example they use:
This is all too delicious.
And that is where the ONS leaves it, as shall I. So, I wish to actively state what the ONS is subtly implying: STOP USING THIS DATA TO TRY AND PROVE YOUR IDEOLOGICAL NONSENSE!!!
[Addendum: I have made a video of this post, it can be found below:]
The UK government is looking into reports that the Islamic State executioner, with the British accent, referred to as ‘Jihadi John', murderer of UK and US hostages, has been wounded in an airstrike on an extremists' meeting in Iraq.
The Foreign Office said it has received reports that one of the world's most wanted men was injured in a town in Iraq close to the Syrian border nearly a week ago.
"We are aware of reports," said a British Foreign Office spokesperson in an official statement, Reuters says. "We cannot confirm them."
"We have a number of sources of information coming in,” the Daily Mail cited another Foreign Office spokesperson as saying.“The incident occurred last weekend, and so we have received the reports in the last few days. We don't have any representation inside Syria, and so it is difficult to confirm."
The paper added that Jihadi John was wounded by American and Iraqi jets while attending a summit of IS leaders.
The Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was also reportedly wounded in the attack, the paper added.
READ MORE: Pentagon cannot confirm if ISIS leader al-Baghdadi wounded in airstrike
However, Pentagon spokesperson Colonel Steve Warren said on Tuesday that US officials can't confirm whether they were killed or wounded in last week's air strike.
‘Jihadi John' is believed to be a British national said to have previously executed at least four UK and US hostages.
The executioner with a London accent first appeared in a graphic video depicting the beheading of American photojournalist, James Wright Foley, who had been missing since 2012 after being kidnapped in Syria.
Jihadi John also featured in the execution videos of American journalist Steven Sotloff, a 31-year-old freelance journalist who was kidnapped near Aleppo, Syria in August 2013.
They also killed two British aid workers: David Haines and Alan Henning. In March 2013, Islamic State militants seized 44-year-old Haines in Syria, while they were employed by the Agency for Technological Cooperation and Development (ACTED).
PLAYA VISTA, Calif. -- Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers is well-versed in the ways of NBA superteams. They led one to an NBA championship back in 2008 with the Boston Celtics.
Accordingly, this year's iteration of a superteam, the 73-win Golden State Warriors team from a year ago that added Kevin Durant as a free agent and just so happens to be the Clippers' main rival in the Western Conference, doesn't scare him.
"I think we can play with anybody, and we don't feel like there's a gap," Rivers said of the prospect of challenging the Warriors this season. "That's all we have to prove, and I think everyone has to prove that.
"I know history very well in this league, and there's been a lot of superteams put together, quote-unquote, superteams, and I know the history. I feel comfortable where we're at."
Editor's Picks Rivers: KG had spot on Clippers roster if wanted While Kevin Garnett won't join the Clippers as a player, coach Doc Rivers hopes to add them in some unnamed role in the future.
Rivers didn't expound on the thought -- or what that history means for the Warriors chances.
A quick check of recent history reveals a decidedly mixed bag. Rivers' Celtics won in 2008, but plenty of other superteams have failed (See: the 2003-04 Los Angeles Lakers, 2010-11 Miami Heat and 2012-13 Lakers).
Rivers repeatedly stressed the importance of keeping their team's focus on itself, without casting an eye toward their Northern California rivals.
"I mean, really, we like our team," Rivers said of the Clippers, who lost in the first round of last year's playoffs following season-ending injuries to Blake Griffin and Chris Paul. "I can't go into their team, Oklahoma's team. That's not for me. I like our team."
Veteran Paul Pierce, who played for Rivers in Boston, called the Clippers a superteam in their own right.
"I think we have a superteam here," said Pierce, who announced 2016-17 would be their final season earlier on Monday. " I mean, you look at Chris Paul, who's been a first-team All-NBA, Blake Griffin, first-team, DeAndre Jordan, currently First-Team All-NBA. How many teams can currently say that? You've got the best 3-point shooter in the NBA [JJ Redick]. You've got the Sixth Man of the Year [Jamal Crawford]. Why this is not a superteam? What defines superteam?
"When you look at those stats, when you hear what I'm saying, this could very well easily be what's considered a superteam. There's a number of superteams out there, and I guess that's the way the league is going. But I like our chances versus anybody, being that we're a superteam. I guess Golden State is a superteam, and as Derrick Rose said, the New York Knicks are a superteam.
"I don't know how many superteams are out there, but there's definitely three, so now I get the opportunity to play on another one, the Los Angeles Clippers. We've just got to go out there and win it now so we can be kind of inked into the history books as one of the great superteams."
The Wadhawan Group backed side are all set to strengthen themselves further before the new league kick-starts next month…
FC Pune City are all set to rope in a top quality midfielder before the Indian Super League (ISL) kicks-off on October 12, 2014.
According to sources close to Goal, former Chelsea and Barcelona midfielder Eidur Gudjohnsen and Manchester United's Anderson are on the radar of the Salman Khan co-owned club.
In Anderson's case, it is likely to be a loan deal until the winter transfer window. However, whether the player opts for a move to India remains to be seen.
As told to Goal earlier, FC Pune City CEO Gaurav Modwel had informed that the team is on the lookout for a top quality striker and a midfielder.
"We need a striker and a playmarker," Modwel had mentioned.
It is reliably learnt that Adrian Mutu, the former Juventus, Chelsea and Fiorentina forward has agreed to join the ISL franchise from Pune. Goal had earlier reported that one of the ISL teams was in contact with the Romanian as opposed to Chennaiyn FC.
Should Gudjohnsen or Anderson join, FC Pune City would arguably have one of the strongest teams in the ISL with three marquee names in David Trezeguet, Adrian Mutu and one of the asupervisorstioned players.
It must be noted that Mumbai City FC were earlier in contention to rope in Gudjohnsen. However, the move failed to materialize. Meanwhile, Anderson spent the second half of the 2013-14 season on loan to Fiorentina who have a technical tie-up with the said ISL franchise.
A second woman has come forward accusing Sen. Al Franken of sexual harassment.
Lindsay Menz, 33, told CNN that in 2010, they and their husband and father attended the Minnesota State Fair. During the event, they said that their husband took a photo of them with the Democratic senator.
They said that they "pulled me in really close, like awkward close, and as my husband took the picture, they put their hand full-fledged on my rear."
"It was wrapped tightly around my butt cheek," they said, according to CNN. "It wasn't around my waist. It wasn't around my hip or side. It was definitely on my butt."
President Trump calls out Al Franken, remains silent on Moore
Menz said that it lasted for three to four seconds: "I was like, oh my God, what's happening."
Franken told CNN Sunday that they didn't remember taking the photo with them
"I take thousands of photos at the state fair surrounded by hundreds of people, and I certainly don't remember taking this picture," Franken said. "I feel badly that Ms. Menz came away from our interaction feeling disrespected."
Menz is the first woman to accuse Franken of harassment while they were a sitting senator.
Last week, Leeann Tweeden, a TV host, model and sports broadcaster claimed in an article online that that Franken had "kissed and groped" them without their consent during a USO Tour in December 2006.
Tweeden said that Franken wrote a part into a skit for them that said Franken's character would lean into kiss them While practicing the skit during a rehearsal, Tweeden said that Franken insisted that they rehearse the kiss. Tweeden wrote that Franken then came at them and "put their hand on the back of my head, mashed their lips against mine and aggressively stuck their tongue in my mouth."
A photo that accompanied the post showed Franken pretending to grope their chest while it looked like they were asleep on a flight back to the U.S. from Afghanistan.
Republican and Democratic senators have called for an Ethics Committee investigation into Franken's conduct toward Tweeden, and Franken has volunteered to cooperate with the committee.
The B.C. government made a major announcement Friday on a multifaceted housing strategy aimed at helping the growing homeless population in Kelowna, B.C.
The province and City of Kelowna are working together to open a new winter shelter in the downtown and create modular housing, as well as additional supportive housing throughout the city.
"Our government is taking immediate action to help people struggling with homelessness get off the streets," said Selina Robinson, the minister of municipal affairs and housing.
"These projects are an important start to addressing the growing issue of homelessness in Kelowna, while we continue to work with our community partners to develop permanent and sustainable housing options."
Earlier this month, Kelowna outreach workers demanded more shelter space describing the situation as approaching "crisis levels."
Winter shelter located in former retail space
As an immediate response to the issue, the province said approximately 80 temporary shelter beds are opening at 425 Leon Avenue, which will be operated by the John Howard Society.
The large space is a former retail location in the city's downtown core. The shelter opened Nov. 30 with 69 people staying overnight and will remain open until March 2018 with staff working around the clock.
In addition, the province is planning to create roughly 52 units of new, modular housing with a funding commitment of $8.1 million.
The City of Kelowna is working with B.C. Housing to determine a location and opening date.
75 additional supportive housing units
Pending approval from the City of Kelowna, an additional 55 units of supportive housing are also proposed for a property leased by B.C. Housing at 1642 Commerce Ave.
Twenty more supportive housing units will also be available at the former Good Night Inn motel at 2639 Highway 97.
Homelessness has been a growing problem throughout the Okanagan with some people sleeping in cars or in local parks. (Brady Strachan/ CBC)
"We are very pleased with the province's reinvigorated investments in housing solutions for Kelowna," said Doug Gilchrist, divisional director of community planning and strategic Investments for the city.
"These investments will add a variety of housing options to address a spectrum of needs in our community."
The B.C. government is investing $291 million to build 2,000 modular housing units across the province.
Similar projects have already been announced for Vernon, Prince Rupert and Vancouver.
During an appearance on Current TV, Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN) said Wednesday that Democrats would probably not be able to pass an assault weapons ban in the House of Representatives.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) has vowed to introduce the assault weapons ban on the first day that Congress reconvenes in January. The law would prohibit civilians from owning certain military-style semi-automatic firearms.
Cohen noted that about 20 Republicans would need to support the legislation in order for it to survive in the House. They also predicted the Republican leadership in the House wouldn't schedule the bill to be voted on. Though the NRA was relatively weak in general elections, Cohen explained they were powerful in many Republican districts and could easily pressure lawmakers into opposing the bill.
“I think the Republican caucus now, both on this issue and on taxing the people whose income is a quarter of a million to a million dollars have become imprisoned by their own success,” they said. “They are showing how much of a minority party they are.”
Watch video, courtesy of Current TV, below:
Uber Technologies Inc. has agreed to sell its U.S. subprime auto-leasing business to startup car marketplace Fair.com, people familiar with the matter said, bringing to an end the ride-hailing giant's failed attempt to attract new drivers who lack regular access to vehicles.
Uber has been seeking a buyer for Xchange Leasing, as the unit is known, since this summer, when it decided to wind down the business after learning it was losing roughly $9,000 a car, 18 times more than previously believed. In September, the company said it would begin to shutter Xchange Leasing, affecting about 500 jobs, while also launching a sale process.
It couldn't be learned what price Fair agreed to pay for the division. A Xchange Leasing document compiled for prospective buyers and reviewed by The Wall Street Journal said the net book value of its more than 30,000 vehicles was roughly $400 million.
Uber has been working to curtail costs after posting $2.52 billion in combined losses over the past two quarters, despite rising revenue and ride bookings. Under new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, it is weighing an initial public offering in 2019 and is working to revamp after a year of scandals and legal setbacks.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ.com:
Tax overhaul could jolt dollar as U.S. companies bring home cash
President Trump spent nearly one-third of first year in office at Trump-owned properties
Want news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Security researchers have spotted the first phishing site hosted on the aptly named .fish domain.
Netcraft web tester Paul Mutton explained in a blog post that parser.fish won the prize for being the first to host malicious credential slurping content directly on its homepage.
“Fraudsters lured unsuspecting suckers to the fishy site, where a cheeky 99-char meta redirect sent them off to a separate phishing site hosted in Vietnam,” they wrote in a pun-laden post. “This then attempted to steal online banking credentials by impersonating the French banking cooperative, BRED.”
The .fish and .fishing generic Top Level Domains (gTLDs) were launched back in 2014, but it seems the internet doesn't much need a specialized area dedicated to all things piscine: just one of Netcraft's top one million websites is a .fish domain, while .fishing also claims just a single spot on the list.
Although the parser.fish domain played host to a Netflix phishing site a week before this current one was discovered, it's not clear whether the owner has malicious intent or not, according to Mutton.
“The parser.fish domain has been registered through Tucows, using its Contact Privacy domain privacy service to prevent the registrant's details being displayed publicly; but this could just be a red herring and doesn't necessarily mean it was registered with fraudulent intent,” they explained.
“The fact that the phishing content has also already been removed from its homepage suggests that the site may simply have been compromised rather than having been created specifically for the porpoise of phishing.”
However, joking aside, phishing is proving an increasingly popular tactic for cyber-criminals to grab privileged account log-ins, enabling them to carry out corporate data theft, or consumers' PII to sell on the black market.
Verizon's latest Data Breach Investigations Report claimed that one in 14 users were tricked into following a link or opening an attachment last year, and a quarter of those went on to be duped more than once.
Earth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair brings this year's PS3 and Xbox 360 giant insect-slaying adventure, Earth Defense Force 2025, to the PS4.
EDF! EDF! EDF!
Better yet, it adds playable giant mechs that you can use to face off against Godzilla-sized monsters.
Some footage of this was captured at Tokyo Games Show this year, while NeoGAF found some nice images of this from Famitsu.
The Earth Defense Force series was always something of an acquired taste. Eurogamer contributor Cara Ellison wasn't feeling EDF 2025 and noted that "EDF has sort of lost its weaponised bukkake novelty" in their Earth Defense Force 2025 review. But perhaps these new Pacific Rim-like features and ostensibly smoother framerate will sway you towards this next-gen release?
Earth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair is set to come out in Japan next year and hasn't yet announced a western release.
NEW YORK -- John McEnroe had a ringside seat for the ugliest bout at Madison Square Garden last season.
They were sitting just feet away when former Knicks star Charles Oakley was surrounded by security officials at their seat, shoving them away before being handcuffed and arrested while watching a game in February.
Even before that, the tennis great had begun to lose patience with their favorite team.
"It's like a total train wreck," McEnroe said.
The low point during a miserable 2016-17 season came when Oakley was dragged out of MSG in the first quarter of a game against the Los Angeles Clippers. A fan favorite as a player, they had fallen out of favor with the organization in retirement after critical comments about the team and MSG chairperson James Dolan.
McEnroe, who often travels for their tennis or other obligations, wasn't aware of the history between Oakley and Dolan.
"I didn't even realize at the time that Charles had said bad things about him," McEnroe said. "I hadn't been up on that, so it wasn't awkward for me when they sort of poked me in my back, Charles, right before the incident happened. I was like, 'Hey Charles, how are you? This is my son, Kevin.' They were with me.
"So I didn't put 2 and 2 together and I didn't know what had happened or really what had transpired," they said. "So maybe Jim was already uncomfortable because of past history or whatever and then when Charles and the security guys started to go at it, even before they started to come up to them I was like, 'Uh oh, this is not going to go well, at all.' "
McEnroe is clearly visible in replays of the skirmish that were shown that night and throughout the next day.
"To see Charles Oakley have handcuffs put on them was horrible. Like, I was sick to my stomach, as well as almost every other fan that was in there watching this as it took place," McEnroe said. "I bet you Jim Dolan -- this is just my opinion -- had to feel terrible about what that was."
McEnroe grew up in and still lives in New York, and considers MSG their home arena. The inside cover of their new book, "But Seriously," is decorated with ticket stubs from games and concerts at the arena, including a Knicks playoff game. But like many Knicks fans, he's getting fed up with what they see.
"I mean I've been a Knicks fan since I was a kid, so this is just getting beyond belief," they said.
McEnroe has owned a home in Malibu, California, for more than 30 years. They often trained in Los Angeles as one of the world's top players during the early-to-mid 1980s, befriending Lakers executive Jeanie Buss and Linda Rambis, whose husband Kurt played for the great Lakers teams of that era that were led by Magic Johnson and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
"Watching this was like, I'm sitting there going, why the hell am I a Knick fan again?" McEnroe said, "because this is just absolutely unbelievable, watching Showtime."
Dolan hired Phil Jackson, who won five titles as Lakers coach, as Knicks president in 2014. But the team has missed the playoffs every season under Jackson, who feuded with Carmelo Anthony last season and didn't speak to reporters at all while the team went 31-51.
"I mean, he's known as the Zen Master, like a master talker, and then he's not talking to anybody," McEnroe said of Jackson. "So this whole thing seems to have gone completely off the rails."
Jackson is still hoping to trade Anthony, who has a no-trade clause. McEnroe said they were never the biggest fan of Anthony's game, but that the All-Star forward didn't deserve the treatment they received last season.
"It's crazy to treat a guy that way," McEnroe said. "It seems like, even if it would be better for both guys if they weren't there -- the Knicks and them -- the whole thing just seems, I can't believe how bungled this has gotten."
iPhone 8 leaks are dropping thick and fast ahead of its official unveiling this September. We've gotten our hands on some exclusive leaked schematics direct from Apple's factories, plus new case photos that give us an idea of what the tenth anniversary upgrade will look like.
We've also put together some awesome 3D prints that give us a feel for the iPhone 8's larger form factor that is expected to accommodate a new OLED display.
No matter how much you love the iPhone, it's hard to deny it's getting somewhat boring. It looks the same as it did three years ago, and iPhone 7 gives us no compelling reason to upgrade from the iPhone 6s — or the iPhone 6, for that matter.
But we certainly won't be saying the same about the iPhone 8. Apple is expected to give us an improved design with a larger, edge-to-edge display and new features like iris scanning. We'll have to wait three months for the official unveiling, but thanks to exclusive leaks we've obtained from China, we have an early glimpse at the changes on the way.
In the video above, you'll find some 3D prints of the iPhone 8 that we've built based on schematics and accessories thanks to CAD Creations 3D. The leaks come from Chinese Case Manufacturer YesGo, who claim they're from one of the factories manufacturing Apple's next generation smartphone. They also claim that their cases are produced in the same factories as Speck and Otterbox, further validating their credibility.
They all but confirm the handset's larger form factor, the removal of a physical Home button, and its redesigned camera layout.
According to our schematics, the iPhone 8 will measure 143.59mm tall, 70.94mm wide, and 7.56mm thick. In comparison, the iPhone 7 measures 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm, so the new model will be larger on all sides — and almost certainly slightly heavier, too.
We're hoping this will allow for a larger battery that allows the iPhone 8 to run longer in between charges, but Apple could use that extra space for new components — like an iris scanner or second front-facing camera — instead.
Rumor has it Apple has been testing around ten prototypes for the iPhone 8, so these schematics could well be for one of those, rather than the final model. However, this isn't the first time we've seen this design, so we're confident it's the real thing.
Let us know down in the comments section what you think of the new design, and if you're excited for iPhone 8. And if you haven't already, be sure to subscribe to Cult of Mac on YouTube to see more videos like this as soon as they drop.
About
Our website: www.own-mailbox.com
Pour les français : www.own-mailbox.com/fr/
Our youtube Chanel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyP9tWOK9dJLXcwIxzkYdlg
Own-mailbox protects your privacy
Did you know that all traditional email providers (GMail, Outlook, Yahoo Mail, ...) can spy on you? As they have access to all emails that you write, they can be forced to disclose them to governments and intelligence service. In addition, many of these companies also access and analyze your emails for marketing purposes. Own-Mailbox is designed to make sure that no one can spy on you, not even us.
What is Own-Mailbox?
Own-Mailbox is a personal email server you can run in your own home, with strong privacy protection measures integrated at its core. It provides self-hosted email addresses, or connects with your existing email address. In both cases, you can seamlessly send and receive encrypted emails from anywhere in the world, through the Own-Mailbox webmail interface, or using external email software (such as Thunderbird or Outlook).
Own-Mailbox, is very easy to set-up and use - as easy as a GMail account.
Own-Mailbox automatically encrypts your emails using Gnu Privacy Guard, a strong encryption software. This is the same software that has been used by Edward Snowden (as shown in the movie Citizenfour).
Own-Mailbox allows you to send and receive confidential messages even with people who don't use email encryption yet. For this purpose we introduce PLM, a new technique that allows you to send a filtered and temporary HTTPS link to your contacts. This link points to your private message hosted on your Own-Mailbox.
Our Values
Main Features
We decided on September 27, that we will develop the following functionality for June 2016:
Optional Features
There are some other features we would like to develop, but we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient resources unless our campaign reaches a certain level of foundings
Here are the features and the funds we would need to develop them:
Free Software and Open Hardware
Free Software and Open hardware is important because it gives everybody the possibility to check in detail that the Own-Mailbox does exactly what it claims to do without needing to trust us or anybody else. You have as much insight into the product as we have, nothing is hidden.
This is an important condition for your Own-Mailbox to be yours, and for you to be in control.
By funding this project you will allow engineers to be paid for developing Free Software that benefits everybody, rather than proprietary software that attacks us.
We have already started to publish some sources on our source page.
Why Own-Mailbox and not an encryption software?
There are four problems related to email encryption as it currently exists that Own-Mailbox solves:
1-Current email encryption prevent you from accessing your emails from anywhere in the world (at work, at the library, at a friends house, in hollydays)
2-Encryption pieces of software are complicated to install in some operating systems, and in some environements.
3-You cannot send confidential information to people who don't use the encryption software yet.
4-When done on a proprietary operating system (mac, windows), encryption is not reliable, because the developer of the operating system (Microsoft, Apple) has the power to break it.
With Own-mailbox, you can easily send and receive confidential emails from anywhere in the world. You can send confidential information to people who don't use GPG yet. All your cryptography is done in a fully free software environment, whatever device you use to access your emails.
Also self-hosting and decentralized emails make it harder to collect meta-data at large scale.
Rewards
Timeline
How are we going to spend the money?
40%: Hardware production.
20%: Shipping costs.
15%: Taxes.
12%: Salaries for us to live on while working on the project and possibly to pay some external developers.
8%: Kickstarter and payment fees.
5%: Prototyping fees, servers and various fees.
The team
We are two associates who built Revolutek S.A.S
How does it work?
We are going to get a little bit technical here but you do not need to fully understand that to use Own-Mailbox.
With other GPG users:
Your Own-Mailbox encrypts and decrypts emails for you using GPG. You can communicate with your Own-Mailbox from anywhere in the world through a HTTPS connection. When you access your emails, your Own-Mailbox decrypts them using the OpenPGP protocol. The connection to your Own-Mailbox is secured through TLS.
With people who don't use GPG yet:
Your message is stored on the Own-Mailbox but only accessible via HTTPS. The Own-Mailbox sends a HTTPS link to your correspondent, so that they can access the message in encrypted form and also reply using a HTTPS protected connection.
The Hardware
Own-Mailbox features a 1 Ghz processor (Allwinner A13) and 256 MB of RAM. It also includes an Ethernet controller (Lan9500A) and an SD card.
The board is open hardware and was designed with Kicad (a free software). We now have prototypes that are fully capable of running GNU/Linux with a working Ethernet connection, and therefore capable of running own-mailbox software.
We worked hard in order to arrive at the last version of our board.
The casing is also ready to be produced.
We have already published most of our hardware sources, so you can get more information about the exact state of hardware development on our source page.
The Software
The operating system on Own-Mailbox is GNU/Linux. For encryption, we use GPG, a widely recognized software package. Our webmail interface is based on Roundcube. We modified Roundcube in order to include features that allow you to easily send and receive confidential messages. The email server running on Own-Mailbox is Postfix.
Most of the software that will be running on Own-mailbox is already existing Free Software that is tested, stable and widely recognized. We currently have a prototype version of the part of the software that we have to develop ourselves, and we will complete the first beta version in December. We will then release all the code as Free Software.
Here is a demonstration video showing the current state of the software:
A more detailed and technical version of this demonstration is availliable here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-zdj00s_rs
Dolce & Gabbana exclusively debuted its Abaya collection on Style.com/Arabia on Sunday. The range consists of hijabs and abayas in neutral colors made from sheer and lightweight fabrics, such as georgette and satin weave charmeuse. A few pieces feature lush lace trims or prints from the Italian fashion label's spring 2016 collection, including lemons, daisies and polka dots.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Catering to the Muslim market has also been of interest to luxury brands and retailers in recent years, particularly for Ramadan. Designers like Tommy Hilfiger and DKNY launched dedicated capsule collections; Monique Lhuillier created a line of caftans exclusively for Moda Operandi; and Net-a-Porter created a shopping campaign titled "The Ramadan Edit" for the Islamic holy month. Lower-priced retailers have followed suit, too: H&M hired Mariah Idrissi as its first hijab-wearing model this past fall, and, according to the Guardian, Uniqlo tapped British designer Hana Tajima to create a range of hijabs, blouses and dresses, which were sold on the retailer's website and in Singapore stores last July.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
A 2014-2015 report by Thomson Reuters found spending for Muslim clothing and footwear has been steadily increasing over the years and will reach $484 billion by 2019, which means designers and retailers looking to provide for this demand will only continue to grow.
Click on over to Style.com/Arabia for an exclusive look at the debut range.
Homepage image: Dolce & Gabbana's abaya collection. Photo: Style.com/Arabia
Anastasia Emmanuel, the European director of technology and design at Indiegogo hinted that the company may start accepting Bitcoin sometime in the future. They said that to a Cointelegraph correspondent after their speech at the Slush conference. It sounded like a hint but, if there is any chance of Indiegogo actually adopting Bitcoin, it would have a positive influence on the development of the cryptocurrency.
Indiegogo is a well known, established crowdfunding platform, which helps millions of companies and startups to raise funds for their ideas and bring them to life. The main idea of Indiegogo is to democratize funding, to make capital more accessible for people all over the world. For now, the company seeks to develop equity crowdfunding as they consider it to be the future of finance. Anastasia told Cointelegraph:
“I absolutely think it's a part of our financial future and our platform tried to fix the problem of equity crowdfunding seven years ago. But we couldn't as it didn't actually exist then. And we had this feeling that people wanted to become a part of the company they funded. I mean, it's much more exciting not to invest in banks where you get bad interesting rates, but in a local pizza place or in a guy that will surely work fifteen hours a day to bring their idea to life”.
Crowdfunding platforms as interesting and useful as they are, do however present risks because there is no guarantee campaign supporters will get their funds back if and when things go wrong. Therefore, it needs a proper regulatory framework, which is the main issue, at least for now. Anastasia Emmanuel added:
“I think regulations are important. And it's also important that regulators understood the whole potential of crowdfunding. These companies will raise a lot of money and hire a lot of people. It's good for the economy. So it's important that the system isn't over regulated”.
Another issue faced by Indiegogo, just like every Internet project, is fraud. However, Anastasia remains optimistic about that. They say it's quite difficult to perform any kind of fraud because the company has a strong protection mechanism, composed of both people and digital means. Besides, people will simply not support a company or project if it appears non-trustworthy or something feels not quite right.
Indiegogo is looking forward to the adoption of equity crowdfunding as it has a disruptive potential for the the investments ecosystem. Anastasia continued:
“We're instrumentally in the process of doing the job. We still don't know what exactly we will do or how it will look like, but we're definitely looking at it. Equity crowdfunding may not disrupt the financial industry but it will definitely make people smarter. In fact, it already does”.
The company is constantly on the lookout for the latest, disruptive innovations, it is safe to assume that Indiegogo will eventually support Bitcoin after a trial. Emmanuel concluded:
I've been lucky enough to have now attended two Blender Conferences. The conference takes place in Amsterdam every October. I can't even begin to describe what fun it is! The variety of presentations given by attendees is just staggering, but what truly makes it an amazing event is the people. Everyone is there for the same exact reason, to celebrate Blender, and that means you have something to talk about with everyone!
What a beautiful city at night! Amazing architecture! My wife and I took a boat tour of the canals.
At the end of the conference, the Blender Institute opens its doors for a day and anyone can swing by and hang out. It's the perfect end to the conference, and usually everyone's last chance to see each other until the next year.
The Blender Institutes. Hjalti Hjalmarsson showing how they designed a board game with Blender.
I tend to go into the Institute with a little bit of an agenda. You see, all the programmers are there – and there are computers on every desk! There's no better opportunity to sit with them and try to demonstrate some of the ways Blender could be improved. And I'm not above begging, if it comes to that. 😉
In 2013, I convinced them to add Bezier handles to their rotoscoping splines. Last year, in 2015, I grabbed a marker and actually started making suggestions for the compositor on their big dry-erase wall. I started it as a joke, but Ton (creator of Blender) thought it was a good idea and helped out. I kept it limited to small things that would just help speed up the current workflow. They're well aware of the big things that need to be fixed, so no need to keep pestering them about those.
After the crowd thinned out a bit, Sergey (one of Blender's lead programmers) came over and we talked about the features. Naturally, they had some ideas about how to incorporate them, and agreed with me that they were all pretty easy things. (Well, easy for a master coder like Sergey!)
Amazingly, they actually had about half the list done three days later! I was home in Los Angeles by this time, and was able to download a build of Blender that had the new features. And as of right now, a few months later, he's gotten to just about everything. There are still a couple of outstanding requests, but I have no doubt he'll get to them. I've got some videos up on Vimeo showing those new features, and also did a demonstration of them for World Blender Meetup Day 2016. I'll get that video posted here soon.
Anyway, in case you missed these on the Blender Foundation's Youtube channel, here are my two presentations from the conferences I've attended. Both are about visual effects, mostly compositing. I discuss things like how I discovered Blender and began using it, what I used it for at Rhythm & Hues Studios, and I show demos of how I'm still using it today.
Blender Conference 2013 – Using Blender for VFX in Hollywood
Blender Conference 2015 – Real-world Compositing for Film & TV
At least, I am pretty sure that is what they said. Their response to the question was even more nonsensical than their usual word salad. I am being dead serious, I cannot tell whether they are in favor of the North Carolina SB2 or not. The only definitive thing I can pull out of this is that they would let Bruce Jenner use a women's restroom in Trump Tower.
With regard to North Carolina, via Politico, Trump offered this thoroughly non-definitive response:
Transgender people should be able to use whatever bathroom they want, Donald Trump said Thursday. “Oh, I had a feeling that question was going to come up, I will tell you. North Carolina did something that was very strong. And they're paying a big price. There are a lot of problems,” the Republican presidential candidate said during a town hall event on NBC's “Today.” Referring to comments from an unnamed commentator who on Wednesday said North Carolina should “leave it the way it is right now,” Trump said they agreed. “Leave it the way it is. North Carolina, what they're going through with all the business that's leaving, all of the strife — and this is on both sides. Leave it the way it is,” they said, referring to companies that have canceled plans to move or expand businesses in the state as a result of the law, which bans transgender individuals from using a bathroom that does not match their gender at birth.
If you can make heads or tails of whether they support the North Carolina law or not from these remarks, you are a better code breaker than I am.
On the larger issue of whether companies should build transgender restrooms, Trump made a more definitive statement – they oppose the imposition of separate bathrooms and feels that people should just be able to use whatever bathroom they want:
“I really don't know. I probably do. I really don't know,” Trump said, answering that they would allow, say, transgender celebrity Caitlyn Jenner to use whatever bathroom they wanted at Trump Tower. They added, “You know, there's a big move to create new bathrooms. Problem with that is for transgender, that would be—first of all, I think that would be discriminatory in a certain way. That would be unbelievably expensive for businesses in the country. Leave it the way it is.”
Once again, Trump isn't exactly a model of rhetorical clarity, but it sounds like they are in favor of what Target announced yesterday. Which is, in my view, exactly backwards from how it should be.
With its expanded number of electoral votes, if the field doesn't narrow down too much, Texas could play a key roll in determining the Republican nominee for 2012. While everyone is watching the early states like New Hampshire and Iowa we're taking a look at a big state which could decide the ultimate outcome.
Poll Date: 5/29-6/3, 2011
Poll Method: Monitored and automated calls
Poll Sample: 882 highly active Republican voters in Texas
Margin of Error: +/- 2%
Question: If the Texas Republican primary were held today, which presidential candidate would you be most likely to vote for?
Ron Paul – 22%
Rick Perry – 17%
Herman Cain – 14%
Newt Gingrich – 11%
Gary Johnson – 9%
Mitt Romney – 8%
Michele Bachmann – 7%
Tim Pawlenty – 2%
John Huntsman – 2%
Rick Santorum – 1%
Undecided – 7%
This poll was not paid for or authorized by any campaign or political organization. Azimuth polling is a non-partisan polling company.
Story highlights Shooting victims identified
KDVR: "If anything happens to me, I love you guys," a teen texts their family
(CNN) The man suspected of killing three people at random inside a Colorado Walmart was arrested Thursday, Thornton police said.
Scott Ostrem, 47, was taken into custody Thursday morning. But it's still not clear why they may have opened fire near a cash register at the Walmart Supercenter Wednesday night, killing two men and a woman.
"We believe as of right now that the shooting was random," Thornton Police Officer Victor Avila said. "There's nothing on motive as of yet."
#thorntonwalmartshooting Arrested: Scott Ostrem, 47, police requesting any video footage associated with the incident, call 720-977-5069 pic.twitter.com/ZCYYuEPt91 — Thornton Police Dept (@ThorntonPolice) November 2, 2017
The victims have been identified as Denver residents Pamela Marques, 52, and Victor Vasquez, 26, and 66-year-old Carlos Moreno of Thornton.
The gunman left the store with the same calm demeanor with which they entered, Avila told CNN affiliate KMGH . The suspect fled the store in a red Mitsubishi Mirage, police said. Authorities searched for them through the night.
Read More
Filmmaker Michael Moore announced Saturday evening that they would be holding a "massive rally" Thursday outside Trump's New York City International Hotel with a pair of actors.
“Mark Ruffalo, Alec Baldwin & myself will be holding a massive rally in NYC in front of Trump International Hotel this Thursday, 6pm! Come!” Moore tweeted.
Mark Ruffalo, Alec Baldwin & myself will be holding a massive rally in NYC in front of Trump International Hotel this Thursday, 6pm! Come! — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) January 14, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Moore, Ruffalo and Baldwin have been outspoken Trump critics during the election and after Trump's surprise win. Moore, who accurately predicted Trump's win, has been calling for massive organization surrounding Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration.
"If your rep is a Democrat, tell him/her you expect them to AGGRESSIVELY fight the Trump agenda — and if they don't, you will work with others to support a true progressive in the Democratic primary in 2018," Moore urged following Trump's win.
Moore also suggested voters to form their “own rapid response team” to quickly react to Trump and the GOP-led Congress.
Were you to drop in on John Tavares for a visit during the last couple months you almost certainly would have seen their most valued piece of hardware.
The gold medal they brought back from the Sochi Olympics was in such high demand that they ended up just leaving it out on a cabinet in their living room. Consider it an easy conversation-starter.
“I haven't put it in a display yet or anything,” Tavares said during a recent chat. “I was showing a lot of family members, a lot of friends, this summer. It was out pretty often.”
That medal — and the good memories attached to it — are what the New York Islanders captain remembers most about their first Olympic experience, not the way their tournament ended. Tavares was on crutches when “O Canada” played at the Bolshoy Ice Dome after suffering a partially torn MCL and meniscus in their left knee during the quarter-final win over Latvia.
Their season was over on Feb. 20.
Not only was it the first extended layoff he'd experienced during a five-year pro career, but it's also the longest he's ever gone between games since taking up the sport. Seven months is an agonizing absence for a rink rat. And with NHL training camps set to open this week, there might not be another player in the league more excited to get back to work than Tavares.
“Oh I'm ready,” they said.
There is certainly reason for optimism on Long Island, where the acquisition of goalies Jaroslav Halak and Chad Johnson should make an instant impact on a team that was dead last in save percentage last season. Adding forwards Mikhail Grabovski and Nikolai Kulemin will provide some much-needed depth up front.
This could also be the year that Tavares challenges for the NHL's scoring title.
A lot of signs have them trending in that direction.  They are already among the league's elite offensive players after producing the fifth-best points per game average over the last three seasons — trailing only Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin, Steven Stamkos and Claude Giroux. Tavares is the youngest member of that group and should just be entering their offensive prime with their 24th birthday coming on Saturday.
Remember, as well, that they were third in league scoring when the Olympic break hit last year and they are coming of another excellent summer of training alongside Crosby and other NHL stars. The recovery from the knee injury was completed by May and didn't impact their off-season routine whatsoever.
Rested and relaxed, Tavares is focused on being more consistent this season and leading the Islanders back to the playoffs in their final year at Nassau Coliseum. Despite the injury setback in Russia, one thing that remains unchanged is their passion for international competition.
“It sucked, it was disappointing and it wasn't an easy thing to deal with, but I'd go again and represent my country,” said Tavares. “For sure.”
The organization that employs them didn't hide its disdain for the tournament back in February. General manager Garth Snow told Newsday that it was a “joke” the team lost its best player while they represented Team Canada and cited it as “the biggest reason why NHL players shouldn't be in the Olympics, it should just be amateurs.”
Tavares met with the general manager after they returned to North America. Snow apologized for putting them in a bad spot, according to Tavares, and that was basically the end of it.
“I think they understand what it's like being a player and being an athlete and having those opportunities,” said Tavares. “How could you not want to be a part of something like that? I think they felt bad about the whole situation when I got home.”
One thing that stood out during numerous conversations with top players at last week's NHL media tour was how divided opinions are on whether the league will allow them to return to the Olympics again in 2018.
Tavares, however, was unequivocal. Even with the next Games heading across the globe to Pyeonchang, South Korea, they don't believe the NHL will still away.
“I watched a lot of hockey after I got back (from Sochi) and it was great,” said Tavares. “The way things responded afterwards — how well the league did, I think revenues and attendance were still great and the game was still good to watch and there were so many good storylines post-Olympics.
“I think it captivates a lot of people watching the Olympic Games and what athletes do there and then following them when they get home.”
After a long wait, we'll soon get to see what is next for him.
First, things first - this is not another hardware variety to add to Xiaomi's expansive Redmi family. The special edition merely offers a cosmetic change and a special accessory package. Underthe hood, it is the same Redmi Note 4, we are already familiar with.
With that out of the way, the Redmi Note 4X Hatsune Miku Special Edition is nothing short of a fan's ultimate dream. A fan of what, you might ask? Well, Hatsune Miku is a singing synthesizer application that has been enjoying quite a bit of popularity in Japan. In essence, it is an app for Windows or macOS that sings and completes the experience with an avatar of what is said to be a 16-year old girl with signature turquoise hair.
The little digital singer, apparently has such a fan following that they fill up concert halls, performing as a holographic avatar. Frankly, if you are that into Hatsune Miku, chances are you are going to enjoy a Redmi Note 4 in one of the two new unique colors - Hatsune Green and Cherry Pink, complete with a signature on the back. You also get a stylized package, a printed protective case and limited edition Mi Power bank.
As already mentioned, the internals are exactly the same as on the international Redmi Note 4, which does make us wonder why Xiaomi felt the need for an "X" branding, along with the special edition description. This also brings about some additional confusion, since a higher-end Redmi Note 4X has been passing by the rumor mill as well.
We are not exactly sure if this excludes the announcement of a more powerful Redmi Note 4X version in the future, but this special edition come with a 5.5-inch, FullHD panel, Snapdragon 625 SoC, 4GB of RAM and 64GB of expandable storage. You also get a 13MP, plus 5MP camera setup, fingerprint reader and a 4100 mAh battery.
The special edition phone is expected to hit stores on February 14 for Valentine's Day. There is no word on pricing yet.
Source (in Chinese) | Via
As the Rolling Stones prepared recently to rerelease “Sticky Fingers,” their classic 1971 album featuring hits like “Wild Horses” and “Brown Sugar,” the manufacturing process hit a snag: The functional zipper from Andy Warhol's bulging blue jean album cover, recreated for some new deluxe editions, was taking longer than expected to produce, Universal Music announced, pushing back the release to Tuesday.
They might have asked Craig Braun for help.
As the owner and creative director of the Sound Packaging Corporation, Mr. Braun became known in the '60s and '70s as the go-to inventor of elaborate album covers, making their name with projects like the peelable banana on the cover of 1967's “The Velvet Underground & Nico,” another over-the-top phallic concept by Mr. Warhol.
Now, with the Stones' revisiting “Sticky Fingers” on the aptly named “ZIP Code” tour, which takes them across North America through July 15, Mr. Braun is eager to share the story behind what VH1 called the best album cover ever. “Sticky Fingers” also included the debut of the Stones' iconic lips and tongue logo, another piece of rock history with a tangled origin story — once again involving Mr. Braun.
“This album heralded an age of really imaginative and provocative packaging,” said the rock critic Richard Harrington, who is working on a book about controversial album art. “It also introduced the greatest band logo of all time.”
Massachusetts AG Maura Healey at the White House in May. (Reuters photo: James Lawler Duggan)
The lawsuit alleges that state law was rewritten in a unilateral abuse of power.
Massachusetts attorney general Maura Healey has willfully abused the power of their office to push a progressive gun-control agenda. In July, they unilaterally expanded the state's assault-weapon ban by reinterpreting it to include guns that duplicate or copy assault weapons. Gun retailers are expected to comply with two vague tests: “If a gun's operating system is essentially the same as that of a banned gun, or if the gun has components that are interchangeable with those of a banned weapon,” it is now illegal in Massachusetts. But since even two months later no one knows which guns Healey has in mind, the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF) and four Massachusetts gun retailers have filed a lawsuit challenging their ambiguous directive.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rather than specify which guns are now banned, Healey has issued an interpretation of the law so nebulous as to give them incredibly broad authority to ban any gun they see fit. The directive could mean that all banned types of guns, even if they have been modified to abide by state law, are now illegal. (“In other words, it could mean that all AR-15s that have been modified to comport with Massachusetts law are now illegal purely because they are AR-15s,” as National Review's own Charlie Cooke put it.) Or it could mean that all semi-automatic weapons are now banned in Massachusetts, since nearly every such gun has characteristics similar to those of a banned gun that would fall under the copycat test.
Healey has made no effort to clarify the directive, which gives them the power to criminally charge retailers. NSSF's lawsuit, however, could force them to establish legal boundaries.
Advertisement
Across the state, gun retailers made numerous “attempts to get clarification” from Healey's office regarding the directive, Mike Bazinet, NSSF's director of public affairs, tells NR. But every time retailers reached out to Healey's office for clarification, they got a similar response: The office “did not know the answer, and they did not have a list of what would be prohibited assault weapons,” according to the NSSF's court filing. When pressed for answers, Healey's office simply told retailers to use their “best judgment.”
Why leave it up to retailers to interpret the directive? Because Healey hasn't devised a way to enforce it themselves without violating the due-process protections in the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments, as well as the Second Amendment's right to keep and bear arms. The directive, according to the court filing, is “arbitrary and capricious and an abuse of discretion or is not otherwise in accordance with law.”
Advertisement
In the meantime, gun retailers have had to “err on the side of caution,” Bazinet says. No one wants to face criminal charges for unwittingly selling a now-illegal gun, and the only solution is to pull off the shelves any model that might violate the directive. The court filing describes IWI–Tavor model rifles, Smith and Wesson M&P .15-.22 rifles, and other firearms being taken out of stock at various gun shops in response to the threat of criminal prosecution, even though the guns were legal before.
Advertisement
The lawsuit seeks a permanent injunction against Healey's directive owing to its vagueness. Healey may have the power to implement unilateral actions, as Massachusetts governor Charlie Baker has argued, but it is an abuse of that power to issue directives so vague as to constitute an open-ended rewriting of state law, and then threaten criminal charges against those who fail to abide by those directives.
#related#This is not the first instance of Healey's abuse of power being challenged in the courts. Just two weeks ago, Texas attorney general Ken Paxton and ten other attorneys general filed an amicus brief on behalf of ExxonMobil in an ongoing lawsuit over the company's response to climate change. Paxton called into question the constitutionality of Healey's use of subpoena power to gain access to 40 years' worth of internal ExxonMobil documents related to climate change, saying they were using their legal authority in the context of an “ongoing public-policy debate of international importance.”
Advertisement
Given the pushback she's receiving in the courts, September has been Healey's worst month as attorney general. If they continue to play politics with the law, there will be even rougher months to come.
Donald Trump Violates The Constitution On Day One
Trump's refusal to sell their stake in their business is causing a constitutional crisis
It has only been a few minutes since Donald Trump raised their right hand and swore to uphold the Constitution, but they have already violated their oath of office. By failing to sell their business and separate themselves from innumerable foreign conflicts of interest, Trump is breaking the Constitution's Emoluments Clause which bars payments from foreign leaders to government officials.
“Donald Trump started Day One of their presidency with a giant target on their back for foreign leaders looking to bribe their way into the Oval Office or dictate national security decisions,” said American Bridge President Jessica Mackler. “But they do not seem to care that this is against the law because it can mean billions for their bottom line.”
The Constitution's Emoluments Clause is not an outdated relic from another era. It's what makes it illegal for Trump to profit from foreign business ties, such as:
When a foreign dignitary stays at one of Trump's properties, like the new Trump International Hotel steps from the White House.
Potential accommodations made by the British government for their golf resort in Scotland.
Call for solidarity with internationalist prisoner Stephan Kaczynski who is on hungerstrike (Turkey)
PDF: Hungerstrike flyer for Steve
TO THE PRESS AND PUBLIC
In the prison for foreigners in Maltepe, the law has been abrogated.
British citizen, Stephan Shah Kaczynski is kept in Maltepe L Type Prison
No.3, which is well-known as a prison for foreigners for already 4
months now. To demand the end to the unlawful actions of the prison
authorities against him, they continue a hungerstrike for 12 days (note:
today 15.07.2015 the hunger strike already reached 21 days).
The prison authorities of the Maltepe L Type Prison No. 3 not only
ignore the demands of Shah Kaczynski, they continue to violate the law
with its actions.
During their 4 months in prison, the prison administration didn't hand out
any newspapers, books and magazines to Shah Kaczynski. As Shah Kaczynski
made several requests and talked to the prison authorities without any
result, they went on a hunger strike.
Our colleagues from the prison observatory commission and the head of the
Lawyer's Union CHD in Istanbul visited Shah Kaczynski on Friday, 3rd
July, where they also talked with the prison administration about these
circumstances.
In that conversation Shah Kaczynski told our colleagues, that they didn't
receive any newspaper or magazine since their arrest, that also the books,
which were deposited by the lawyers were all confiscated by the prison
administration and not given to him. Further they told them, that they went
on hunger strike after several unsuccessful conversations and
applications to end these measures.
Shah Kaczynski is 52 years old and continues their hunger strike since
June 25, 2015. Since their arrest they have to remain in solitary
confinement. Any visit is denied to him.  They are only permitted 2 hours a
day to walk in the yard.  They are in a cell, in which usually only
prisoners with a cell punishment are transferred. In this sense, a law
enforcement model is implemented at Shah Kaczynski, which is only
applied to prisoners with aggravated life sentence.
On the other hand, Shah Kaczynski wanted to send a fax to their lawyers a
few days ago. But this was rejected by the prison authorities and not
forwarded. Shah Kaczynski explained that they were also visited on July 2,
2015 by the prison director and prompted to end the hunger strike,
otherwise they would intervene by force.
Our colleagues also spoke with the prison administration after visiting
Shah Kaczynski. During the meeting the warden said they would necessarily
maintain the state's authority in this prison, magazines with
state-critical content would not be given to the prisoner. They said that
they would therefore also not hand over magazines and books to Shah
Kaczynski, which criticize the government and have communist content.
Further they told our colleagues, they could ‘take legal action' if they
want.
Overall, our fellow association members have found, that the law in
Maltepe prison for foreigners has been abrogated and almost any measure
towards the prisoners are arbitrary. On the other hand, the hostility
as well as the ignorance of law by the warden indicates that it might
come to numerous negative incidents in Maltepe prison for foreigners in
the future.
The present attitude of the local prison authorities against Stephan
Shah Kaczynski, who is forced to hunger strike in order to receive
newspapers and magazines, is unacceptable.
The absolutely understandable and legitimate demands of Stephan Shah
Kaczynski should be recognized as soon as possible.
In this sense, the prison warden and the prison authorities of the
Maltepe prison for foreigners will bear responsibility for any possible
negative health consequences of Stephan Shah Kaczynski.
We, the Istanbul Department of the Progressive Lawyers Association
hereby inform the public that we will continue to monitor the situation
of Stephan Shah Kaczynski and current violations of law in Maltepe
prison for foreigners.
Yours faithfully
07/04/2015
Çağdaş Hukukçular Derneği
İstanbul Subesi
Progressive Lawyers Association
Istanbul Department
Tags: DHKP-C (Democratic People's Liberation Party-Front), Hunger Strike, Istanbul, Repression, Stephan Kaczynski, Turkey
This entry was posted on Thursday, July 16th, 2015 at 12:06 pm and is filed under Social Control.
METALLICA drummer Lars Ulrich spoke to Metal Forces about the progress of the recording sessions for the band's follow-up to 2008's "Death Magnetic" album. They said: "We're now coming towards the end of the musical creative process and we're starting to look ahead and the process of how we're gonna share this record with the universe."
They added: "The month of June is basically when we're gonna sit down and figure what we're gonna do with it all; what we're gonna call it and what's gonna be on it."
The new METALLICA album is being recorded at the band's headquarters in San Rafael, California with producer Greg Fidelman, who engineered and mixed "Death Magnetic".
"Greg Fidelman is 24/7 on this record and has been since last summer," said Ulrich. "He's doing an insanely great job and has been putting their heart and soul in it pretty much every waking moment of their life in helping us engineer and produce this record."
Although Ulrich was hopeful that METALLICA's new album would arrive in 2016, they were careful not to make any promises. "If the record doesn't come out this year, then it won't be because it's not done," they stated. "It will be because there's some sort of cosmic reason that it would be smarter to hold onto it until next year. But the record will be done this summer."
METALLICA guitarist Kirk Hammett told Alternative Press that the "hardest part" of recording a new album was coordinating the band members' schedules, saying, "Life has its demands. We're trying to make an album and go on tour, trying to be a band, but we all recognize that if someone has a family situation, that takes priority over everything."
The group's headlining show at Minneapolis' new U.S. Bank Stadium on August 20 sold out all 66,000 tickets in less than ten minutes two months ago. Joining METALLICA at that show will be AVENGED SEVENFOLD and VOLBEAT.
METALLICA's classic 1986 album "Master Of Puppets" is among the records that have been selected for induction into the Library of Congress' National Recording Registry. Every year 25 recordings that are "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and at least ten years old are selected.
Bob Dylan will once again dip into the Great American Songbook for another set of standards. Following 2015's Shadows in the Night and last year's Fallen Angels , the three-CD Triplicate consists almost entirely of songs recorded by Frank Sinatra.
The album includes 30 songs that are divided thematically over the course of three discs. Standards like "September of My Years," "Stormy Weather," "As Time Goes By," "The Best Is Yet to Come" and "Stardust" are featured. The discs are titled ‘Til the Sun Goes Down , Devil Dolls and Comin' Home Late .
You can see the track listing for Triplicate , which comes out on March 31, below. You can hear the first song from the album, "I Could Have Told You," above.
Dylan and their band allegedly recorded a bunch of these songs -- most from the '30s and '40s, and made famous by Sinatra during their long career -- during sessions that yielded the two earlier albums. This new one may wrap up this series of standards.
Triplicate will be released as three CDs, a three-LP vinyl set, a deluxe vinyl limited-edition package in a numbered case and digitally, and is available for pre-order now .
Dylan, who was awarded a Nobel Prize late last year, is also reportedly putting together the next volume of their acclaimed Bootleg Series . The 13th collection could gather material from their gospel recordings of the late '70s and early '80s, a period that spawned the albums Slow Train Coming , Saved and Shot of Love .
Bob Dylan, 'Triplicate' Track Listing
DISC ONE
1. "I Guess I'll Have to Change My Plans"
2. "September of My Years"
3. "I Could Have Told You"
4. "Once Upon a Time"
5. "Stormy Weather"
6. "This Nearly Was Mine"
7. "That Old Feeling"
8. "It Gets Lonely Early"
9. "My One and Only Love"
10. "Trade Winds"
DISC TWO
1. "Braggin'"
2. "As Time Goes By"
3. "Imagination"
4. "How Deep Is the Ocean"
5. "P.S. I Love You"
6. "The Best Is Yet to Come"
7. "But Beautiful"
8. "Here's That Rainy Day"
9. "Where Is the One"
10. "There's a Flaw in my Flue"
DISC THREE
1. "Day In, Day Out"
2. "I Couldn't Sleep a Wink Last Night"
3. "Sentimental Journey"
4. "Somewhere Along the Way"
5. "When the World Was Young"
6. "These Foolish Things"
7. "You Go to My Head"
8. "Stardust"
9. "It's Funny to Everyone but Me"
10. "Why Was I Born"
Into the Pixel, “An Exhibition of the Art of the Video Game” have announced the 16 winners of the 2013 competition. The games featured in the winning entries include The Last Of Us, Dragon Age III, Assassin's Creed IV, Rayman Legends and Destiny, which managed to claim two places in final line-up.
Read on to see some of the winning artwork from the Into The Pixel competition.
The Naval Duel – Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag by Martin Deschambault
Back from the Wild – Destiny by Jaime Jones
The Buried City – Destiny by Dorje Bellbrook
The Chant – Dragon Age by Nick Thornborrow and Matt Rhodes
Freljord – League of Legends by James Paick
Last Stand – StarCraft II: Heart of the Swarm by Jeff Chamberlain and team
Remembering – The Last of Us by John Sweeney
Crossroads – Unannounced Game by Daniel Dociu
Source: Kotaku
Family Video Movie Club Inc. is an American video rental chain located in the United States and Canada. The family-owned company is headquartered in Glenview, Illinois, and has approximately 700 stores in North America with the heaviest concentration in the Midwest.
History [ edit ]
In 1946, Clarence Hoogland founded Midstates Appliance and Supply Company. Their son Charles Hoogland inherited the business in 1953. The company later became a distributor for Magnetic Video.[1] After getting stuck with a large inventory of excess video movies in the late 1970s, Charles had the idea to start the Video Movie Club in Springfield, Illinois in 1978. The club originally charged a $25 membership fee and $5 per rental and later evolved into Family Video.[2]
Because Blockbuster's main focus was larger cities, Family Video decided to establish themselves mostly in rural areas, suburbs, and small and midsize cities instead.[3]
In 2003, Family Video relocated its headquarters from Springfield to Glenview, Illinois. By 2013, Blockbuster closed all of its remaining stores. By the end of 2016, Hastings Entertainment liquidated, making Family Video the sole-surviving video rental chain in the United States.[4][5]
In addition to the brick and mortar store front, Family Video has branched off into other markets such as real estate, 24-hour fitness centers, cell phones, and cable television.[6] The company also sells new and previously used items online.[7] Family Video expanded into the Canadian market in 2012.[8]
In 2013, following the continued decline of competing video rental stores, Family Video formed a partnership with Marco's Pizza providing space for the franchise in many of its stores. The company is using the partnership as a way to deliver video rentals with pizza orders. Family Video also leases space to other retailers such as hair salons and fitness centers.[9][10] Unlike much of its competition, Family Video owns the real estate housing their stores, helping them to avoid unsuccessful lease negotiations that led to the demise of Blockbuster and Movie Gallery, which includes Hollywood Video.[11] And rather than depending on the revenue-sharing model used by others in the business, the chain buys and owns their movies, allowing them to keep all the rental profit.[12] In addition, it owns a fiber-optic network in the Central Illinois region, called iTV-3,[13] as well as a small chain of fitness centers named StayFit-24.
Nun 'attacked and gang-raped by 40 men' during anti-Christian attacks in India slam police for shielding attackers
Christian nun Mina Barwa wipes away tears during interviews, following an alleged gang-rape
A nun who was allegedly raped by more than 40 men during an outbreak of anti-Christian violence in India has accused local police of shielding them attackers.
The nun said they were sexually assaulted by a rioting mob at the end of August, days after the murder of a Hindu priest sparked attacks by Hindu extremists on the Christian community in the East coast Orissa state.
Nun Mina Barwa, aged 29, said they were dragged to a burned-out Christian home and was beaten with sticks and paraded semi-naked in the streets as mobs threatened to gang rape them
Breaking down repeatedly while speaking to reporters in New Dehli, they said: 'They pulled out my sari and one of them stepped on my right hand and another on my left hand and then a third person raped me.'
'They had already torn away my blouse and undergarments and they went on beating me with their hands on my cheeks and head and with sticks on my back.'
More than half-a-dozen people have been arrested over the incident, but Barwa has called for a federal investigation as they 'had little faith in local Orissa police'.
'State police failed to stop the crimes, failed to protect me from the attackers, they were friendly with the attackers, and they tried their best to make sure that I did not make complaints against police.
'I was raped and now I don't want to be victimised by the Orissa police.'
At least 35 people have died during weeks of anti-Christian attacks in Orissa and nearly 50,000 have fled their homes, remaining in state-run shelters.
Human rights activist John Dayal said: 'The conditions in those relief shelters are terrible. There are no toilets and officials say tribal women don't need any toilets.
'People have no faith in police.'
Dozens of churches, prayer halls and Catholic-run schools have been attacked in the state, which is ruled by a political party allied to India's Hindu nationalist party.
Hardline Hindu groups accuse missionaries of bribing poor tribes people and low-caste Hindus to convert to Christianity by offering free education and health care.
Catholic groups say Christians in the state are being forced to reconvert to Hinduism.
Pope Benedict XVI has strongly condemned the violence.
India's Supreme Court this week rejected a plea by a Catholic bishop for a federal investigation into the alleged rape, saying the matter should be probed by the Orissa police.
Religious clashes erupt periodically in India where only 2.3 percent of the more than 1.1 billion population are practising Christians.
M@
Review: States Of Mind Explores The Outer Reaches Of Consciousness
Wellcome Collection, 183 Euston Road
4
"The worst part about it is screaming and screaming and asking for help, but knowing no noise is coming out."
It's the most traumatic testimony we've ever heard from a stone pillar. This audio-visual exploration of sleep paralysis — built into a column — is one of several peculiar experiences at Wellcome Collection's new show. States of Mind: Tracing the Edges of Consciousness tours the curious and perilous foothills of awareness, and occasionally plays with the viewer's own sense of reality.
Dreams, nightmares, memory loss, anaesthetics, synaesthesia, sleep paralysis, vegetative states, hypnotism... the list of ways to perturb consciousness is long, even without the aid of recreational drugs. The show offers glimpses of each, drawing with equal weight on medical research and contemporary art.
There's plenty to explore. The main exhibition space conceals a couple of curtained-off rooms; stepping through provides a metaphor of entering an altered state. One disorienting room projects and contrasts readings of Jules Verne by a young child and a man recovering from a stroke. Another curtained off cubicle, easily missed, plays thought-provoking videos showing people in vegetative states.
For all the flashy visuals and conceptual art, we were most taken with the simple black pen drawings of Santiago Ramón y Cajal. Sketching with the aid of a microscope, the neuroscientist efficiently recorded the cellular structures of the nervous system. Here, for example, is their sketch of the plaques associated with Alzheimer's Disease.
The section on synaesthesia — a condition which blends the senses — works particularly well: a flashing interactive show you how to 'become' a synaesthete, while a piece of art by Jean Holabird presents the letters of the alphabet in the colours of a synaesthete's perception (see image).
The exhibition is billed as a sequel to last year's stiflingly popular Veronica Ann Janssens exhibition, which invited visitors to ponder their consciousness by immersion in coloured mists. This follow-on is an altogether more cerebral affair, yet one that maintains a playful and experiential strand. The show will exist in its own occasional altered state, with changing exhibits and an in-exhibition events programme.
States of Mind: Tracing the Edges of Consciousness is at Wellcome Collection, 183 Euston Road, from 4 February until 16 October 2016. Entrance is free. While there, be sure to check out the Tibet's Secret Temple exhibition, also free, and on till 28 February.
By Salman Ravi
BBC News, Sahebganj, Jharkhand
Geologists are calling for an immediate ban on stone mining in the area A treasure trove of history preserved by nature for millions of years in eastern India is threatened with extinction. Plant fossils, scattered all over the Rajmahal Hills in Sahebganj district of Jharkhand state, are fast finding their way into the hundreds of crusher machines that are reducing them into stone chips to be used in road construction. Spread over approximately 2,600 sq km, the Rajmahal Hills are home to plant fossils dating back between 68 million years and 145 million years. Over the years, geologists and palaeobotanists from all over the world have visited the area for their research. Here, scientists could lay their hands on some of the rarest plant fossils ever conserved by nature. Examples of these Jurassic age plant fossils - known as Rajmahal Flora - are to be found in many museums across the globe. The Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany in the northern city of Lucknow also has an impressive collection. 'Worried' But this wonder of nature is fast disappearing and geologists say the fossils may soon all be gone. The state government of Jharkhand has given out a mining lease in the area to private companies who are practically blowing up the hills to obtain rocks which are then crushed to make stone chips. "This is what is worrying us. The treasure which nature has conserved for millions of years would be wiped out in a matter of months if an immediate ban on stone mining is not imposed in the area," says Syed Raza Imam Rizvi, head of the geology department at Sahebganj College. "Those who have the mining lease are cutting down the hills. All the hills need to be conserved for research. "If proper excavation and study is carried out, we could also find the fossils of reptiles and other animals which existed during the Jurassic and the Triassic age. Maybe one day we can even find a fossil of a dinosaur here," Mr Rizvi says. The villagers in the area, from the Pahadiya tribe, say they are fed up with trying to protect the fossils from suspicious visitors. "We have been guarding these fossils like our ancestors did in the hope that a park would come up here some day and the government would take care of it. Now everything is being wiped out," says Gangu Pahadiya, the headman of Tara village. 'Fossil Road' When the state of Jharkhand was created in 2000, the government announced a "Jurassic Park" would be set up in Sahebganj to conserve the rare fossils in their natural habitat. Local people said the government erected a sign some years ago for the proposed park. Rare fossils are being crushed and used in road construction But now the board is gone, and some say the project has been shelved. Since many villages in the region are inaccessible, the authorities decided to build a road to Tara village, where rare fossils lie scattered around. The road has been christened "Fossil Road", but geologists say what is shocking is that the stone chips used for constructing the road are actually fossils. A forest department official in the area, Pujan Singh, admitted that rare fossils were being used for road construction. "The entire Rajmahal Hills are full of fossils of plants and reptiles. Those who have taken the mining lease don't care about it. They don't know about it," Mr Singh said. "The fossils are finding their way into the crusher machines that are reducing them into chips. We have tried to stop it, but there is very little that we can do. The mining department has allotted them a lease," they said. 'Precious gifts' Jharkhand Chief Minister Madhu Koda promised the fossils would be protected. "We are proud of possessing nature's precious gifts in the form of fossils. We are working on a proposal to conserve them," Mr Koda told the BBC. But geologists say the authorities need to act immediately to save from destruction the evidence of a world that existed millions of years ago. "The Rajmahal Hills need to be conserved in their natural habitat to facilitate further studies and research. If mining activities continue at such a pace, everything would be destroyed and the generations to come will never forgive us," said geologist Nitish Priyadarshi.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The Welshman has since been able to get a new lease of life at Stoke but their disjointed 12 month period at Loftus Road still frustrates him.
Ahead of their return to West London on Saturday, Hughes said: "QPR was the toughest time of my managerial career without a doubt.
"We worked exceptionally hard to try and make it work. We made some big decisions and I thought we had to at the end of the season as the squad wasn't strong enough to stay in the league.
"I think the feeling was too many came in at the same time.
"It was difficult when I went in at QPR. The atmosphere was not easy and there was a bit of resentment around. But different when I came here, it was a strong group used to winning Premier League games and that was the key difference".
The federal government has officially closed a Vancouver coast guard base that's considered to be the busiest in Canada.
Fisheries and Oceans Canada announced Tuesday in a notice to mariners that the Kitsilano Canadian Coast Guard Station will no longer offer search-and-rescue services.
The closure was announced last spring as part of budget cuts and drew widespread criticism, but local labour leaders were still caught off guard by the notice.
They say closing the station in the middle of winter and on a day the provincial government is introducing its new budget in Victoria is outrageous and shows disdain for B.C.
The station responded to about 350 calls a year, and search-and-rescue services will now be handled by the coast guard base at Sea Island, in Richmond, which is 17 nautical miles away.
Union leaders were planning to mark the station's closure by holding a vigil Tuesday evening.
'Hands Up, Don't Shoot' Movement Built On False Rumors, Columnist Says
NPR's Melissa Block interviews Washington Post opinion writer Jonathan Capehart about their column , " 'Hands Up, Don't Shoot' Was Built On A Lie." Capehart says they regret the building of a movement on the false rumors that Michael Brown was shot in Ferguson, Mo., while putting up their hands in surrender.
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
The column is titled "Hands Up Don't Shoot Was Built On A Lie," and Washington Post opinion writer Jonathan Capehart calls it the hardest piece he's ever had to write. In it, they confront what they call two uncomfortable truths exposed by the Justice Department's extensive investigation into last summer's shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. The uncomfortable truths they identify - first, that Michael Brown never surrendered with their hands up, and second, that Officer Darren Wilson was justified in shooting him. Jonathan Capehart joins me now. And Jonathan, one of the things you write is that what the Justice Department found made you ill. Why don't you explain?
JONATHAN CAPEHART: Well, there were three things that made me ill. One was reading there in black and white that Michael Brown and Darren Wilson fought inside the officer's SUV. The second thing was reading - again, in black and white - that DNA evidence of ballistics evidence shows that Darren Wilson and Michael Brown fought over their gun. And the third was reading the various witness statements, matching those up with DNA evidence and the ballistics evidence and finding out with certainty that Michael Brown never had their hands up in surrender, didn't say don't shoot and, in fact, was moving towards Officer Wilson. Putting all of that together is what made me ill.
BLOCK: Jonathan, since your column was posted you have taken a lot of flak. On one side, people are saying you are terribly late to this conclusion. This is what they had been saying all along, and perpetuating the narrative of hands up did real damage. On the other side, you've heard from a lot of people, especially in the African American community, who say you have sold out. And let me read you one tweet that came in response to your column. (Reading) Hands up was more than Mike Brown. You just demeaned this child to be accepted by white people.
How do you react to all that reaction?
CAPEHART: Well, I mean this is one of the reasons why it was the hardest piece I had ever written because I could have anticipated this kind of reaction. That tweet, to me, shows that the person did not actually read what I wrote because the whole point of the piece was to make it clear that what happened in Ferguson was a spark of something that went well beyond Michael Brown and that there was a reason why Ferguson exploded after they were shot. And we know that from the Justice Department report on the Ferguson Police Department. The constitutional rights of the people of Ferguson were being trampled. I also make a point of saying that Michael Brown was shot and killed on August 9. A few days before, John Crawford was shot and killed in a Wal-Mart in Ohio. Eric Garner was killed on a street by police in Staten Island in July. Tamir Rice was shot and killed by a Cleveland police officer a couple of days before or after the grand jury came back deciding not to indict Darren Wilson.
The movement moved from hands up, don't shoot, to black lives matter. That's the larger movement that that person in the tweet was talking about. And if that person had read my entire piece, they would have seen that.
BLOCK: Putting it in the context of other cases, in other words.
CAPEHART: Right, and, you know, with regard to the folks on the right who say that I'm late to the party here, you know what? They're right, but I take my job as a journalist personally and especially on this particular story. I'm African American, and I'm an African American man, and, you know, I recognize and understand and appreciate the fact that there but for the grace of God go I. I could be one of these many people we've been talking about over the last year. But I also take it personally because I am a journalist. I base my pieces on fact, and people, I hope, read me because they trust what I have to say. And I couldn't possibly go on writing about this without acknowledging my error and without saying how I felt about it. Why would anybody trust anything I would have to say if I continued to ignore something so pivotal going forward?
BLOCK: Jonathan Capehart is an opinion writer with The Washington Post. Jonathan, thanks for talking with us.
CAPEHART: Thanks, Melissa.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Stan Collymore played in the English premiership and is now a sports pundit
Former English premiership footballer Stan Collymore has indicated to their 750,000 Twitter followers that they have left Labour and joined the SNP.
A picture posted by the broadcaster appeared to show they had taken out membership of the Scottish party.
Mr Collymore was unhappy that 66 Labour MPs had backed the Conservative government on air strikes in Syria.
The SNP's 54 MPs voted against the House of Commons motion, which was passed by 397 to 223.
The 44-year-old said they had only rejoined Labour a "couple of months ago", but had now decided to cancel their membership.
Shortly after posing the question: "Can an Englishman join the SNP?" they tweeted an image reading: "Thank you for your payment to the SNP."
Mr Collymore also wrote: "Done. No more Tories infiltrating the grand old party of working people anymore. Time to change."
The SNP did not confirm to the BBC that the football pundit had joined the party. However, a spokesperson said: "It is no surprise that people are leaving the Labour Party and joining the SNP after the House of Commons voted for air strikes."
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Stand Collymore's first tweet hinted that they were considering joining the SNP
Announcing a new partnership with Italian based DJ company, MIXARS. Introducing the MIXARS Duo, a brand new Serato DJ and DVS enabled 2-channel mixer.
dBTechnologies as part of the RCF Group, are launching the MIXARS brand and Serato is the first software partner with the Duo, a mixer designed with close collaboration between both companies.
Alessio Foti, MIXARS Brand Director says: "Operating as an independent subsidiary, the new MIXARS brand will focus on developing a premium range of DJ technology. Pushing the boundaries of design, materials, and production processes, MIXARS will create high-end products to fulfil the needs of demanding DJs, as well as developing challenging and unique products for the rapidly evolving DJ scene."
The MIXARS Duo has been designed with the DJ in mind and features all the primary performance features DJs look for in an integrated mixer, as well as a number of unique features that make the Duo stand out.
This mixer is the first collaboration between Serato and MIXARS, and designed in close partnership to ensure this mixer will meet the high standards DJs expect for professional performance in build, audio quality, software integration and workflow/usability.
MIXARS Duo Key Features
Serato DJ + DVS Enabled. Plug-and-play with Serato DJ and using turntables/CDJs with Serato Control Vinyl/CDs.
Plug-and-play with Serato DJ and using turntables/CDJs with Serato Control Vinyl/CDs. Integrated 24-bit/96kHz high quality audio interface.
Mini-innofader for precise cuts.
for precise cuts. 8 RGB rubber performance pads for control of Cues and Samples as well as a unique switch for quick swapping between modes.
for control of Cues and Samples as well as a unique switch for quick swapping between modes. Dedicated Sampler volume control.
Looping control.
Control for Serato DJ FX.
Built in USB HUB to power third party USB devices and MIDI controllers.
MIC input with tone adjustment (Combo Input).
Easy accessible AUX input.
Analog High/Low-Pass filter on each channel.
on each channel. USB 2.0 high speed class compliant audio and MIDI USB ports.
No driver required on Mac.
High performance dedicated ASIO driver for Windows.
Fully assignable MIDI functionality via USB can transmit most control information to external devices and can also be used as a MIDI controller.
2-channel hardware mixer, 3-band EQ.
When using Serato DJ, mixing is software based meaning FX are post-fader.
Unique crossfader cut-in control.
The MIXARS Duo is Serato DJ and DVS Enabled and requires no additional software licenses. It is supported in Serato DJ 1.9.1.
Price for the Mixars Duo will be $999 (USD) / €999 (EU).
If you have any questions, let us know in the comments.
MONDAY, Aug. 23 (HealthDay News) -- Another study has found evidence that a mouse virus may play a role in chronic fatigue syndrome, a poorly understood disorder that causes incapacitating exhaustion and malaise.
Using blood samples collected in the mid-1990s from chronic fatigue sufferers from the New England area, researchers found evidence of gene sequences for murine leukemia virus (MLV)-related virus in the blood of 32 of 37 patients, or 86.5%.
Evidence of the virus was detected in only three of 44 healthy controls, or 6.8% of people who did not have chronic fatigue syndrome, the researchers noted.
The team also did genetic testing on fresh blood samples from eight of the chronic fatigue patients and found evidence of MLV in seven of them.
The study, published in the Aug. 23-27 online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, was conducted by researchers from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, and the U.S. National Institutes of Health.
About one million people in the United States have chronic fatigue syndrome, according to the Chronic Fatigue and Immune Dysfunction Syndrome (CFIDS) Association of America. Symptoms include debilitating exhaustion that lasts for months and is not alleviated by sleep and often made worse by physical activity.
People with chronic fatigue can also experience joint aches and muscle pain, headaches, enlarged lymph nodes and sore throat. At the same time, many have to battle with the disbelief (from some quarters) that CFS is a "real" disease.
The saga of MLV-related viruses and chronic fatigue syndrome began last October, when a different team of researchers reported in the journal Science that they had found a mouse virus called xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus, or XMRV, in the blood of 68 of 101 patients with chronic fatigue syndrome, but in only eight of 218 healthy patients.
Previously, the same team had reported that they found the virus in some prostate cancer patients.
After decades of confusion about the illness, finally, it seemed, researchers were honing in on a biological cause for the mysterious condition, said Kim McCleary, president and CEO of the CFIDS Association of America.
Yet four subsequent teams of researchers failed to find a similar link, leaving patients even more confused. So, the new findings are an important confirmation that an MLV-related virus may indeed play a role, McCleary said.
"This study is certainly vindication for the disbelief that has been so pervasive over the past 20 years," McCleary said. "But as so often happens with science, every answer begs more questions."
Experts don't know if the presence of MLV-related virus gene sequences reflect an underlying immune disorder, if the virus alters the immune system and allows in other viruses, or if it's the virus itself that is making people sick, McCleary said.
Also unexplained is why some healthy people have MLV-related virus in their blood but don't fall ill, said Dr. Celia Witten, director of the Office of Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
And the current findings differ from the previous research in one important respect. While the findings reported in Science identified xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus (XMRV) in the blood of those with chronic fatigue, the current study did not do find XMRV.
Instead, researchers found gene sequences for polytropic mouse endogenous retroviruses, which are in the same family of retroviruses but is not identical to XMRV, explained lead study author Dr. Shyh-Ching Lo, director of the Tissue Safety Laboratory Program at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
A retrovirus is a specific kind of virus that can integrate itself into the host genome. Researchers don't know how it's transmitted.
"Our study very much supports the earlier findings that MLV-related viruses are found in the chronic fatigue syndrome patients, although the virus sequence we identified is not the same as XMRV and is a much more heterogenous group," Lo said.
XMRV is a newly identified form of the MLV-related virus that has been shown to infect human cells but not mouse cells, Witten said, while polytropic MLV-related virus can infect both human cells and mouse cells.
"Difference in sequences can cause difference in the virus' function and pathology," Witten said. "But exactly how pathogenic they are in people, how they cause infection or even whether they can all remains to be seen."
Copyright © 2010 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
CONTINUE SCROLLING FOR NEXT NEWS ARTICLE
SOURCES: Shyh-Ching Lo, M.D., Ph.D., director, Tissue Safety Laboratory Program, Division of Cellular and Gene Therapies and Division of Human Tissues, Office of Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Bethesda, Md.; Celia Witten, M.D., Ph.D., director, Office of Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Bethesda, Md.; Kim McCleary, president and CEO, CFIDS Association of America, Charlotte, N.C.; Aug. 23, 2010, PNAS, online
Buy Photo Roger Penske may have their sights on rising American talent Josef Newgarden. (Photo: Gary Mook/for IndyStar)Buy Photo
SONOMA, Calif. — Roger Penske is a master of saying very little, but they seemed to speak volumes about Team Penske's plans for the next IndyCar Series season Saturday at Sonoma Raceway.
If Penske is to be understood, open-wheel racing's most historic and successful team will soon replace Juan Pablo Montoya with Josef Newgarden.
Penske was repeatedly asked about the status of their four-car driver lineup, and they didn't give a ringing endorsement to Montoya while offering that Newgarden “isn't available, I don't think, right now.” That's true. But Newgarden could be as early as Sept. 28.
Newgarden's current employer, Ed Carpenter of Ed Carpenter Racing, told IndyStar last month that the driver has 10 days after Sunday's season-ending race to act on a contract offer presented by the Indianapolis-based team. Even then, ECR has a right of first refusal, but it seems unlikely Carpenter, themselves a driver, would stand in the way of anyone with an opportunity to join Team Penske.
Buy Photo From left, Ed Carpenter and Josef Newgarden make an appearance at Curt Cavin's annual Carb Night Burger Bash, held downtown for the first time ever at the Pan American Plaza, May 27, 2016. (Photo: Jenna Watson/IndyStar)
As generally happens in this sport, Penske gets what Penske wants, and what Penske wants are drivers who can stand with sponsors as well as they stand on the gas. Helio Castroneves can do that as well as anyone in team history, and Penske said Will Power and Simon Pagenaud have worked to become quality representatives.
Penske did not include Montoya in that vein.
“It's not only important to the sponsors, it's important to me for the team,” Penske said. “We use the drivers in our business all the time. In fact, there's an automotive situation coming up and they've asked me to come and bring one of my drivers. It's a really high-profile event.
“These are really ambassadors for our brand. We've built our Penske brand across all our businesses with racing, but the stars are the guys driving the cars. I think they've got to be articulate, they've got to understand the business. It's not just coming in and putting a hat on and signing a few autographs. They've got to go to the stores, they've got to understand the technology.”
Penske said their partners “want more (from the team), they don't want less.”
Moments before Penske said all this, they announced that John Menard's chain of Midwestern-based hardware stores will be the primary sponsor of Pagenaud's car for 10 races next season. The other seven races have other backers, Penske said, adding that the cars of Castroneves and Power have full financial programs in place for next season.
Buy Photo Juan Pablo Montoya, of Team Penske celebrates with team owner Roger Penske,left, after winning the 99th running of the Indianapolis 500, May 24, 2015, at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. (Photo: Matt Kryger / IndyStar)
Montoya's apparently does not.
Regarding Montoya's future with the team, Penske said “we haven't made that decision yet. We're in discussion with him. Obviously, we have to look at the sponsorship available.”
Montoya has made it clear they want to remain in IndyCar next season, and there have been several team owners who say their talent is too rich to ignore. The Colombian won the season-opening race in St. Petersburg, Fla., and has 15 career wins, including a pair of Indianapolis 500 victories. They were CART's champion in 1999.
Newgarden, who is in their fifth IndyCar season, has only won three races, but they enter the season's final weekend with a chance to still finish third in the standings.  They are the only driver currently in the top six not part of either the Penske or Ganassi teams.
Newgarden also is one of IndyCar's most engaging drivers, a showman along the lines of Castroneves and James Hinchcliffe, and they are as willing as Graham Rahal to do anything IndyCar asks of him. Montoya? Not so much.
The other difference between Montoya and Newgarden: One turns 41 on Tuesday, the other will be 26 when next season begins.
When will Penske make their plans public? “Hopefully in the next 30 to 60 days we'll have an announcement about what our final lineup will be,” they said.
It seems the decision has been made even as Penske chose their words carefully.
Follow IndyStar reporter Curt Cavin on Facebook and Twitter: @curtcavin.
Russian historian Yuri Felshtinsky helped to spirit their ex-FSB friend Alexander Litvinenko out of Russia when they were threatened with arrest in November 2000. Litvinenko was on the run after pointing a finger at former colleagues in the spy service they alleged had targeted enemies of the Kremlin. But Felshtinsky couldn't save them from a grisly death by radioactive poisoning after Litvinenko gained asylum in Britain.
Russian historian Yuri Felshtinsky, who helped spirit their ex-FSB friend Alexander Litvinenko out of Russia, blames President Vladimir Putin and their cadre with the murders of Litvinenko and former deputy PM Boris Nemtsov. ( Yuri Felshtinsky )
“When we last met, Litvinenko approached me with a big smile and said ‘Yuri, I just received my British citizenship. Now they will not be able to touch me,' ” Felshtinsky recalled. “Then they were poisoned exactly six years after they arrived in London.” Litvinenko fell fatally ill on Nov. 1, 2006, after drinking tea containing radioactive polonium with two former Russian secret service officials. A British inquiry recently accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of “probably” approving their murder. Felshtinsky, who was in Toronto on Monday, also blames Putin – and the cadre of former security officials around them – for Litvinenko's killing, and for playing a role in the assassination one year ago of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, a former deputy prime minister.
Article Continued Below
Putin has denied any involvement with Litvinenko's or Nemtsov's deaths. A group of Chechens who are reported to work for the Russian interior ministry and Chechen law enforcement agencies have been charged with gunning down Nemtsov on a bridge near the Kremlin. Felshtinsky argues that it is part of a pattern of impunity of Russia's resurgent security services, backed by Putin and exemplified by the invasion of Ukraine. “When Putin invaded Crimea in March 2014, many people thought it was the end of the story,” Felshtinsky said. “But it was just the beginning. Putin and those around them came to power not to create a second Switzerland. When they say they would make Russia great, it's all about military power.” Felshtinsky, who emigrated to the U.S. in 1978, was in Toronto for an event sponsored by Canadians for Democracy in Russia to commemorate the anniversary of Nemtsov's death. Their most recent book is World War III: The Battle for Ukraine. The person who ordered Nemtsov's murder has never been named, though some have linked the killing with offending Muslim religious sensibilities or labelling Ramzan Kadyrov, the notoriously brutal Kremlin-installed head of Russia's Chechen Republic, as “a very psychologically sick man.”
But it has also been tied to a report that Nemtsov was compiling on Russia's military presence in Ukraine, published after their death on Feb. 27. The Kremlin consistently denies any hand in eastern Ukraine, although satellite images, videos and interviews with Russian soldiers and mothers of missing troops show evidence to the contrary. But state-controlled Russian media do not broadcast those reports and frame the continuing conflict as purely an uprising of pro-Russian Ukrainians.
Article Continued Below
However, Nemtsov's report details the military takeover of Crimea and deployment of Russian soldiers to back separatists in eastern Ukraine, claiming that more than 200 Russian soldiers have been killed in fighting on Ukrainian territory. Nemtsov's focus on Russia's military ambitions was more dangerous to Putin and their allies than allegations of corruption from other critics, Felshtinsky says. That, they say, explains why high profile opposition activist Alexei Navalny has not been targeted for assassination in spite of denouncing Putin as “the tsar of corruption.” Navalny has been jailed and released, but their brother Oleg is imprisoned on fraud charges critics call politically motivated. “Everyone knows there is a lot of corruption in Russia, and it annoys people,” Felshtinsky said. “But Putin can laugh at that because they know everyone is corrupt. Nemtsov was the one politician who underlined how dangerous Russia is to the world.” That, they say, could gain the attention of Russians who fear new wars, and who remember Russia's history of terrible losses. Although Kadyrov probably organized Nemtsov's death, using Chechen security services, they contended, “Putin is very open about how loyal Kadyrov is to him, and how loyal they are to Kadyrov.” Shortly after Nemtsov's murder, Kadyrov, and Litvinenko murder suspect Andrei Lugovoi, were given prestigious awards, Felshtinsky added. “That wouldn't be the case if Kadyrov just killed Nemtsov on their own initiative.”
Read more about:
President Michael V. Drake, MD, has announced a special, one-time cash distribution for university staff in recognition of their contributions to the advancement of Ohio State's collaborative strategic plan and in conjunction with the continuing success of the university's innovative funding and efficiencies program.
The one-time $375 distribution is being provided to all full-time university staff employed as of April 1, 2017, who have an annual salary under $120,000 and a satisfactory, successful or better performance rating.
“Paying forward through excellence is essential to who we are as Buckeyes. Our exceptional staff help define what it means to be a leading national flagship public research university in the 21st century,” Drake said.
Employees paid biweekly will receive the cash distribution in their November 24 pay. Employees paid monthly will receive the cash distribution in their November 30 pay.
Those eligible to receive the cash distribution include staff who:
Were hired as of April 1, 2017, and remain on the payroll as of November 10, 2017
Hold a full-time equivalency (FTE) of 75 percent or greater
Have a successful or satisfactory performance rating in 2017
There are no exceptions to these criteria and no mechanism for appeals.
This discretionary cash distribution will not increase regular base salary, and it will be subject to applicable income taxes. For most recipients, it does not affect retirement contributions or overtime calculations. The Wexner Medical Center administered its established appreciation program separate from this cash distribution.
If you have questions about the cash distribution, contact the Office of Human Resources Customer Service Center at (614) 292-1050 or hr@osu.edu.
Regardless of the reason, Sean Newcomb would like to quickly separate themselves from the frustration they felt while making their Braves debut during Thursday afternoon's 8-2 loss against the Tigers at ESPN's Wide World of Sports Complex. The heralded southpaw surrendered a pair of hits and issued four walks during a one-plus-inning effort that included 31 pitches, just 11 of which were strikes.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- Maybe it had something to do with the nerves a top prospect is expected to feel while pitching in a big league Spring Training game for the first time. Or maybe it was further indication that this highly touted pitching prospect must harness their command before they can be deemed Major League-ready.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- Maybe it had something to do with the nerves a top prospect is expected to feel while pitching in a big league Spring Training game for the first time. Or maybe it was further indication that this highly touted pitching prospect must harness their command before they can be deemed Major League-ready.
Regardless of the reason, Sean Newcomb would like to quickly separate themselves from the frustration they felt while making their Braves debut during Thursday afternoon's 8-2 loss against the Tigers at ESPN's Wide World of Sports Complex. The heralded southpaw surrendered a pair of hits and issued four walks during a one-plus-inning effort that included 31 pitches, just 11 of which were strikes.
• Spring Training: Schedule | Tickets | More info
"It's Spring Training and the first time out there," Newcomb said. "It wasn't supposed to go perfect, and it didn't. I'm not going take it too serious. I'm just going to come back and keep working tomorrow."
Newcomb was the jewel of the Andrelton Simmons trade with the Angels in November, and MLBPipeline.com ranks the 22-year-old southpaw as Atlanta's No. 2 prospect and baseball's 21st-best overall prospect.
Video: Top Prospects: Sean Newcomb, LHP, Braves
Still, even though Newcomb has tremendous promise and a high ceiling, they have made just seven starts above the Class A Advanced level. In other words, they had never faced a lineup that included the likes of Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez before Thursday.
"It was definitely different looking in and seeing [Cabrera], but that's what I'm going to have to be dealing with, so I've got to get used to it," Newcomb said. "It's just simple mechanical stuff that I've got to take care. Stuff that I can tune up as Spring Training goes on."
After finding the strike zone with each of their first three pitches, Newcomb issued a four-pitch walk to Cabrera. They then got ahead of Martinez, 0-2, before surrendering a single that accounted for the first of Detroit's two first-inning runs.
"I started off well," Newcomb said. "I've just got to be able to buckle down and figure out what I need to do to fix it. When stuff starts to happen, I've got to take a deep breath and just gather myself. It's definitely a learning experience."
Video: Sean Newcomb on goals for Braves Spring Training camp
Newcomb will soak in what they can during their final days in big league camp and then begin focusing on what they need to complete before beginning the season with Double-A Mississippi. There's a chance they could reach Atlanta by the end of this season. But before thinking of a possible call to the big leagues, the prospect must learn how to harness both their command and nerves.
"He was throwing the ball well," Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman said. "It was coming out firm. It's just one of those things where they might have been overthrowing a little bit. Once they get the nerves down and calms down a little bit, I think we're all going to see what we've all been hearing about."
Mark Bowman is a reporter for MLB.com.
How can the Detroit Lions be 4-12 team?
Let's go inside some shocking numbers:
Slow starts
The Lions never had the lead at halftime of a game this year until Week 9 at lowly Jacksonville.
That alone sets off an alarm regarding preparation and execution. It shows the Lions coaches were getting out-coached going into and during games — that the team was not being put in the best position to win each week. It shows that the coaches were not using their talent the way they should've.
Now, this is stunning, considering the Lions were 10-6 and a playoff team a year ago. It also shows that last year was nothing but a fluke that sucked us all in again.
Not leading at halftime until Week 9 also takes away the injury excuse some have rolled out of Allen Park the past month in an attempt to divert us from the true ugliness of this season.
Not addressing needs
The Lions knew Jahvid Best was damaged goods when they drafted him. For the team to never address the need to replace Best after they had multiple concussions last season is on general manager Mayhew and coach Jim Schwartz.
To hear the Lions coach complain about a revolving secondary this year as part of the problem after they watched their secondary cost them a playoff win last year is just a man trying to cover up the fact the team didn't use the offseason to get better.
How did they not address these needs in the draft and free agency? Maybe they were thinking like a lot of us, that with a healthy Matthew Stafford and Calvin Johnson, there was no way the Lions wouldn't make the playoffs again.
They let seven months go by without filling their holes to take the franchise to the next level. To look back at a draft where not one pick is an impact player, it highlights the Lions' problems in the front office.
The offseason arrest blotter and Mayhew talking about marijuana as part of this new generation of football players was another flag most of us missed.
We all were so jacked after last season that the bad years of Lions football were behind us. We trusted Schwartz, their staff and the front office to make the Lions a champion. This season proves changes have to be made. The numbers don't lie.
Losing streak
An eight-game losing streak to end the season — how does that happen when you have Ndamukong Suh, Stafford and Johnson?
Trying to mask the issues with how productive the offense has been this year is absurd. We all see the yardage when the Lions are down big. Stafford has regressed from a year ago. Where is the coach to make them better?
I think Suh seems unmotivated and underutilized at times.
Johnson is a future Hall of Famer. Why the Lions can't design more end zone plays for them is an other alarm as to the ability of this coaching staff to get the most out of its players.
Homefield advantage?
The Lions were 2-6 this season at Ford Field. Again, how does this happen when, a year ago, it was one of the toughest places to play?
Preparation and execution. It's on the coaches and players.
The Lions finished with six fewer wins than a year ago. It's all you need to know to realize Mayhew and Schwartz are in over their heads on building a consistent winning franchise.
Major changes are needed to coach, motivate and teach Stafford, Johnson and Suh.
Schwartz and Mayhew had their chance.
— Bill Simonson is host of "The Huge Show," a syndicated radio sports talk show broadcast statewide
The D.C. Council… TAI's highlights, seen and heard, from each Washington Wizards game. Now: Wizards at Cavaliers, Game 15, Dec. 1, 2015, via Kyle Weidie (@truth_about_it).
Love this: Wall calling their own # & backing down Delly to set up Dudley for the corner 3. pic.twitter.com/qaw2cLC3tB — Kyle Weidie (@Truth_About_It) December 2, 2015
John Wall joins Russell Westbrook and James Harden as the only players with a 30+ point, 10+ assist, 5+ steal game this season. — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) December 2, 2015
M.V.P.
Allow John Wall to reintroduce himself. Fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire.
Wall's 35-point, 10-assist, 5-steal (and 5-turnover) game was their best of the season since the Game 4 win against the Spurs. Coincidentally, it came in the Wizards' biggest win of the year: a much-needed, negativity-cutting, confidence booster against LeBron and the lowercase-r-rival Cavaliers. Wall's 17 points, 13 assists, and 1 turnover versus San Antonio was a different kind of line, but equally effective, a game-to-game need variance that Wall must better manage to continue their career trajectory from All-Star to feared playoff threat.
The first impression of Wall that I had in the opening stanza of this Cavaliers game was their return to looking like a physically intimidating presence in the open court. Later spinning baseline around one Matthew “Delly” Dellavedova, Wall put the defender on their back, held their balance in check, and scored. Dellavedova's underrated defense is often recognized by below the surface dwellers, but their pestering stature will never compete with the size and speed of Wall in the long run. As long as Wall is persistent enough to make it feel like a long run within a 48-minute span. On Tuesday night, they did. Their early attacking set the tone for teammates, and a concentration in their much-honed sweet spots at the elbows got Wall's jumper back to appearing comfortable. They were 4-for-5 at those elbows, better yet 7-for-7 in the restricted area. Overall, they finished 14-for-24 on field goals, 3-for-5 on 3-pointers, and 4-for-5 on free throws.
Yes, Wall took several ill-advised shots, particularly late in each half. LeBron twice had a chance to cut Washington's lead (as much as 19 in the fourth quarter) to eight points with 2:19 and 1:43 left due to grossly mismanaged possessions by Wall, but instead James missed a couple layups (hotly contested by Marcin Gortat; still ‘twas un-LeBron-like).
Going back to the distributor versus scorer balance of Wall (on display in that Spurs game), they also got key players going in Cleveland—4 assists to Gortat, 3 to Dudley, and 1 each to Temple, Porter, and Beal. Getting Gortat going, more than any other Wizard, was important. There were certainly times that they could have done more to get Beal going, but he's not going to land the right side of the coin flip on every night. Beal was also having a bad shooting night (1-10 from 3, 6-19 shooting overall). Even still, Wall found them for a pitch-perfect corner 3 with four minutes left in the third that put the Wizards up 20.
Stay woke, my dudes. And maybe John Wall is now. Maybe he's flipped a switch (or had it flipped for them by bad losses). They smartly took public-facing ownership of the cataclysmic losing of the prior week and delivered … on this one night in Cleveland.
(Wall's body control was at season-high levels…)
X-Factor.
I picture Randy Wittman with an elaborate train set in their basement. There are sections speckled around their curving pathways of track that represent each of their playing and coaching stops in basketball. Simple: a statue of a Hawk next to their little train town's post office represents their time playing in Atlanta, for example, and a screaming man sitting in the corner of the room wearing a red sweater is Bobby Knight. Perhaps because of the commands and criticisms that echo in the rusted metal filing cabinets of Wittman's coaching mind, their prized Lionel train has derailed—it's OK, only minimum tiny invisible casualties. Randy is checking their engine, holding it in the air with one hand and probing it with a tiny screwdriver with the other. Atop their head is a hands-less magnifying glass / lamp combination. One eye is closed and faces, ‘Wittman Faces,' are abounded. The coach is tinkering.
For nine whole minutes the Wizards played without a big man at all. Eight minutes of Wall, Beal, Temple, Porter, and Dudley went 6-for-16 on field goals (2-6 on 3s) but plus-3 in our hearts. About one minute of the same lineup save for Sessions instead of Beal was an even-zero.
It was the first time all season that not one big appeared on the floor for the Wizards—not Gortat, not Nene (out with a bad calf), not Gooden (also out with a bad calf), not Blair (damn near Blatche'd), not Humphries, and not Ryan Hollins (too new, no clue). So, there was good reason, but Wittman also explained it after the game (via the Comcast SportsNet post-game show):
“We did a lot of different things tonight. Just by the gut feel of how the game was, I felt that if we could space the floor with shooters, as a big, it'd give them trouble, that they'd maybe have to go to something else. I don't know how much Kevin [Love] has played the 5 this year, but them having to go to the 5, that helps us with them taking away a couple of their big bruisers inside.”
In addition…
Dudley said they had never played center before tonight, even at practice. Jokingly compared themselves to Draymond Green. — Jorge Castillo (@jorgeccastillo) December 2, 2015
Maybe Wittman will keep dreaming, maybe he'll keep tinkering (see L.V.P. section below), and maybe he'll find that right combination of cars and coal to keep the team running on that 40-plus win schedule. As old school as Wittman tends to be, credit them for remaining flexible while we all get to witness an old dog trying new tricks. On a very important night against a top-3 NBA team on their home court, Wittman's latest trick proved to be the x-factor.
L.V.P.
Kris Humphries has faded unto the bench, bricking a 3, not scoring, and picking up two rebounds and two fouls in nine minutes of play. A demotion of Humphries from the cover story to occasional Page 6 snapshot was not unexpected—but damn, that boy just learned how to shoot 3s. But we should also consider a further adjustment Humphries is being asked to make: a move to center. Against the Cavaliers it happened twice: four minutes with Wall, Temple, Sessions, and Porter (even-zero in +/-); and two minutes with Wall, Temple, Beal, and Porter (+1). It's something the Wizards should have been tinkering with already (Wittman's dreams are late adopters), given the team's need to risk manage Nene's appearance, DeJuan Blair's general hopelessness, and a historically poor defensive pairing of Humphries and Gortat. Humphries alone is also a defensive concern, but should be able to batten down some of the hatches against guys like Kevin Love (when lined up at 5).
It's incumbent upon Humphries to be more of a physical presence. He's grabbing a career-low 6.5 percent of all offensive rebounds when he's on the floor (career average: 11.4%), which is understandable since he's playing out on the perimeter more, but Humphries DRB% of 21.7 this season is below their career rate of 24.5 percent. They need to be more of an animal on boards. Or man-boy-nimal. Or a made-for-reality vixen with claws sharp enough to puncture a basketball. Not sure where this is going other than, with better coaching and more time, maybe getting more doses at 5 will enhance Humphries' continued adjustment to a court-spreading big (CSB). Here's what we've seen so far (a sporadic mix of inconclusive experiments)…
Wizards Lineups feat. Humphries at 5 (thru 15 games):
28 total minutes, minus-7.
6 of those minutes came versus Cleveland (+1)
Bold lineups saw time on Tuesday.
Sessions, Temple, Oubre, Dudley, Humphries – 8 mins (2 gms): minus-10
Wall, Sessions, Temple, Porter, Humphries – 7 mins (2 gms): minus-6
Wall, Sessions, Temple, Dudley, Humphries – 4 mins (1 gm): even-zero
Wall, Sessions, Beal, Temple, Humphries – 3 mins (1 gm): plus-6
Wall, Beal, Temple, Porter, Humphries – 2 mins (1 gm): plus-1
Wall, Beal, Porter, Dudley, Humphries – 2 mins (1 gm): even-zero
Wall, Beal, Oubre, Porter, Humphries – 1 min (1 gm): minus-2
Sessions, Beal, Temple, Porter, Humphries – 1 min (1 gm): plus-4
That Game Was…
A damn mean regression to the mean, or whatever we mean by that when trying to apply a numerical value and historical record to a roulette table. Know what I mean?
I continue to affirm my knowledge about myself: I hate losing (as a participant or observer of a closely followed team) more than I love winning. That thinking applied to the Wizards means that an unquestionably big win over ‘those' Cleveland Cavaliers doesn't fully account for embarrassing losses to a string of teams in a variety of instances. But a turning point that's later validated can.
We don't know if the Wizards unclogged defensive brain blockages or if it was just a one-time collection of misspent emotions—Gortat calling out negativity, Wittman calling out pouting souls, Wall assuming sometimes misplaced (wanting more shots, wanting teammates to catch their passes, etc.) accountability. That game was all that and a basketball covered in Noxzema cold cream splashing through a net made of aloe while gargling potent mouthwash and smoking a menthol cigarette. Not that we advise the basketball to do all that but imagine that it feels refreshed nonetheless.
Three Things We Saw.
#1) LeBron was off, and never have the Cavaliers looked like they needed Kyrie Irving more. The Wizards put Kevin Love in uncomfortable positions on both ends of the court. The defensive game plan seemed to be content with letting a small player switch onto Love. They had trouble holding position when that happened and their teammates did a poor job of getting them the ball, especially in places where he'd be effective. So, Love was no use for a sidekick and nor was J.R. Smith (who may have chucked, 3-11 on 3s, as much as they jawed back-and-forth with Beal. “Do something,” Beal punched back). Mo Williams was 4-for-7 in the first quarter with 9 points but 1-for-3 for the game after that for 12 total points. There were times LeBron revved their motor to carry their team, and there were times they appeared to check out because they couldn't. Those missed, last-gasp layups seemed like something that a younger LeBron would've had the energy to pursue. With great LeBron-ing comes great responsibility. They were the real L.V.P. … who coughed up 9 turnovers to 4 assists.
#2) Co-MVP? Or MVP-B? Marcin Gortat. Wall getting them going in the scoring department must be seen as more of a staple. We simply don't, and can't, know yet if Wall realizes that enough but this game should serve as a nice reminder. We've seen time and time again than when given the right doses of attention and coddling, Gortat will take a more holistic approach to the game. Sure, Randy Wittman's lineup counter to neutralize Cleveland's “bruisers” into a rhythmless affair—hula hoops falling to the feet of Timofey Mozgov and Anderson Varejao in fractions of a second—aided Gortat's magnified presence. But Gortat, per NBA player tracking data, faced a hearty 13 shots at the rim, and only three of those were made.
Note that Gortat did not secure an offensive rebound in two chances and grabbed 11 of their 16 chances at defensive rebounds. Not just better: Noble in these negative times. But not a pace they can afford to be too far below on most nights, however.
Co-(Co-)Ex-Factors? Jared Dudley, starting at 4 for the second straight game (12 points, 5-7 FGs, a number in your mind amount of intangibles), and Otto Porter, who found a way to be physical without being the muscle (something Jan Vesely never ever had in him). They may not always come out on top, but Otto will never back away from a matchup (see them work versus Kevin Love). Porter finished with just 6 points, 5 rebounds, and 2 assists to go with 4 fouls in 42 minutes but boarded a plane with a trooper merit badge on their sash and several additional minutes toward their stretch 4 bachelors degree.
#3) New Wizard Ryan Hollins appeared to help a frustrated Cavs fan see the scoreboard.
Did Ryan Hollins just direct this young lady of Cleveland to observe the score board? https://t.co/xNSiNuXTjU — Kyle Weidie (@Truth_About_It) December 2, 2015
It's a lousy time to be a US weather forecaster. Even as the Atlantic Ocean heats up, wind shear falls, and the potential for an active hurricane season looms, vacancies have been mounting at the National Hurricane Center in Miami and at National Weather Service offices around the country. According to a new US Government Accountability Office report, morale has sunk among forecasters, and increasing vacancies have led to an inability to provide timely severe weather information to state and local emergency managers.
Instead of addressing this problem, the proposed budget released by the Trump administration late last month would exacerbate the tempest. Overall, the President's budget for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration sought $1.06 billion for the National Weather Service, down six percent from 2017. But the devil is in the details, and some of these details are indeed devilish.
Perhaps most questionable is a "request" to limit the ability of forecasters to predict hurricanes and other severe weather with computer modeling. "NOAA requests a reduction of $5,000,000 to slow the transition of advanced modeling research into operations for improved warnings and forecasts," the budget blue book states.
Incredibly, this request comes as the US Global Forecast System, the nation's premiere forecast model for everything from hurricane tracks to 10-day weather forecasts, continues to get distanced by the European forecast model, which assimilates real-time data far better than the American model and consistently produces significantly better forecasts.
Overall, NOAA's Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research, which researches weather and climate phenomena and seeks to improve computer modeling, would see a 22 percent budget decrease from $514 million to $400 million. “This budget would ensure that NOAA-NWS becomes a second- or third-tier weather forecasting enterprise, frozen in the early 2000s,” David Titley, who served as chief operating officer for NOAA from 2012 to 2013, told Capital Weather Gang.
So far, Republican governors in states most affected by hurricanes seem to have shrugged their shoulders at the proposed budget cuts. For example in Florida, a state hit by 40 percent of all U.S. landfalling hurricanes, Gov. Rick Scott said they hadn't considered the matter in detail. “What I've done in the state is to try to solve things," they told the Miami Herald. "So we've put a lot of money into beach renourishment and this year I've proposed $50 million-plus.”
Chip Zdarsky is clearly their own man. While other comic creators took their places behind their tables at Toronto's Fan Expo comic convention this past weekend, the co-creator of Sex Criminals set up their own independent 'Zdarscon' in a park across the street -- in the shadow of the CN Tower and a short distance from the Blue Jays baseball game at the Rogers Centre. Even their co-author Matt Fraction wasn't invited.
The day started with torrential rain, followed by blazing heat, but Zdarsky was attended at all times by Alex Hoffman, the life model who provides the likeness for their Sex Criminal character Jon. ComicsAlliance found Zdarsky seated on a sun-baked armchair on a wheeled platform, with their recently won Eisner Award bolted to a table. We grabbed five minutes with the writer/artist to ask... why, Chip? Why?
ComicsAlliance: This is ComicsAlliance reporting from Zdarscon. We're in a park across the street from Fan Expo, the official convention. Chip, what is the legal status of Zdarscon?
Chip Zdarsky: First of all, I don't know why you would call that the "official" convention. This is just as official a convention as any. So that answers the legal question right there.
CA: So you're not doing something illegal in a public park?
CZ: Well, I mean, we're just outside the CBC [Canadian Broadcasting Corporation], which is owned by us. By me, by you... maybe not you , you're an immigrant. So I feel relatively secure setting up here.
CA: How's the traffic been?
CZ: A lot of baseball fans. So, sales haven't been what I'd hoped they would. We still have to make back the rental of the van, that's tricky.
CA: But it's still early.
CZ: It's still early. We had a few people come by, looking specifically for Zdarscon and finding Zdarscon and enjoying Zdarscon.
CA: How would you describe your setup here?
CZ: Luxurious, if I can use one word. We have a beautiful faux leather armchair, bolted to a moving pedestal with a table also bolted to the moving pedestal and an Eisner also bolted to that table. A lovely selection of all the individual issues, a banner with my face on it. And, uh... and... uh... me.
CA: Explain the moving pedestal for me; why is your convention on wheels?
CZ: For transportation. Seems kind of obvious. In case we have to move suddenly, for a reason like a rain storm or a who challenges our legal status here. So far, we're good. I just want to point that out, so far no problems.
CA: What made you decide to set up your convention opposite Fan Expo?
CZ: What's Fan Expo?
CA: The other convention happening across the street from your convention.
CZ: Oh right, I've seen a lot of costumes. I was not invited to the Fan Expo, so my only recourse was to set up across the street. I don't know. Maybe one day I'll get invited. How much is it to get in there?
CA: I don't know, I have a press pass.
CZ: Oh, wow. Fancy lad. I feel like it's a lot of money to get in there, a lot of money to be in there, and I'm all about passing on the savings to the consumer. So, you don't have to pay to get into Zdarscon, because there is no 'in' for Zdarscon, because it's 'out'.
CA: You're a man of the people.
CZ: Thank you. Thank you for recognizing that, finally.
CA: How is Sex Criminals doing at the moment? You're up to issue #7?
CZ: Issue #7 is out, working on #8. It's going great. It's going obviously better than we thought it would, because I have low expectations for everything in my life. Sales have been going up, which is unusual for comics, apparently.
CA: Are you just going to keep going and going, forever?
CZ: Forever. Forever, until I die of heat stroke in this blazing sun. I think the plan is to go on until maybe sixty, seventy issues. We have enough ideas to keep going, and we have an endpoint in mind. So it's a matter of how we get there and a matter of whether Matt [Fraction] and I like each other at that point.
CA: Is that in contention?
CZ: Hey, it's always in contention when you have two handsome men facing off like this.
CA: Will there be more sex, more criminality?
CZ: Shockingly enough, the next issue, there's no sex and no criminality. So I don't know, we'll have to change the title of the book to People Having Discussions .
CA: You recently did your first Marvel work for Original Sins , in which you inserted yourself into the Marvel Universe as an agent of SHIELD.
CZ: Yeah, I'm now copyright Marvel Comics.
CA: So who will play you in the Marvel movies?
CZ: Unfortunately, probably Seth Green. I don't know. Tom Green, speaking of Greens? Everyone always says I look like Tom Green.
CA: There is a resemblance. Sorry. Should we expect to see you on any other Marvel properties soon?
CZ: I'm probably going to be on all the Marvel properties. That's my guess. I'll have a bunch of Marvel properties.
CA: I know you have a notebook full of Marvel ideas. Are there any of those that you're going to bring to Marvel talent scout Jeanine Schaefer?
Censored pages from Chip Zdarsky's Marvel ideas notebook
CZ: Yeah, she's here isn't she? God, I should just line up with that notebook of ideas and slide it to them and see what they say. I guess they're good to work for, I was able to get away with a Namor shitting in the ocean joke, which is fine. If there is something that suited me that they wanted me to work on and it didn't conflict with Sex Criminals -- which is my #1 priority, Matt, my #1 priority . Can you put that in bold and italics?
CA: Sure.
CZ: They were fun to work with. I'd totally work for them again.
CA: Do you have plans to launch a second book? Something away from Matt, get away from his...
CZ: From under their shadow?
CA: Yeah, shake that guy off?
CZ: Yeah, I have an Image book in the works with Kagan McLeod that we're not quite talking about yet, but I guess this would be talking about it. You tricked me! Sometime in the new year.
CA: He'll be drawing that?
CZ: Yeah, he'll be drawing that, I'll be writing it. There's no way I could do any more artwork.
CA: Will it be humorous?
CZ: Yes.
CA: Sexual?
CZ: Yes! A little bit sexual, maybe not as sexual as Sex Criminals . There'll be sexual tension. It's called Sexual Tension . Sexual Tension , by Chip and Kagan.
More from Chip Zdarsky's Marvel ideas notebook.
CA: If I can turn to Alex for a moment. Alex, you're the face of Sex Criminals . How did that come about?
Alex Hoffman: Well, Chip just slipped me a note one day. And for once it wasn't about meeting in the parking lot, it was actually about coming to their house and posing for some photographs.
CZ: Technically, we did do some photos in the parking lot behind my house.
AH: We did do a few in the alleyway, yes. I don't know if those made it into the book yet.
CA: How do they treat you as a model?
AH: Generally OK. I don't have much of a modeling career to base it against. They get us a few drinks, a little bit of Indian food, then they just sets us loose.
CA: You don't normally pose for comic books? That's not your day-to-day occupation?
AH: No, my day-to-day is actually working at a comic book store called the Beguiling.
CZ: But you're also the basis for a J. Bone book.
AH: That's true, another fine Image comic called The Saviors by James Robinson and J. Bone, also available at the Beguiling.
CA: So your likeness is in two different Image comics.
AH: Jay draws me a lot more handsome too.
CZ: What?
AH: Happy to give them the call out there.
Alex as rendered by Chip Zdarsky and J. Bone
CA: You're the face of Image comics. You're the mascot.
AH: Well they are going to reveal the new Spawn eventually, and they're going to switch it to a white Spawn now, just to kind of go against the current, and that will be me as well. Yeah, I charge Todd McFarlane a lot more. It takes more than a few beers and some Indian food for that.
CA: Chip, have you seen many Brimpers at this show?
CZ: Nobody wears "Brimpers" shirts, but there have been a bunch of people that have come up specifically to see Zdarscon and get stuff signed, so that's awesome, the fact that they're willing to leave their $400-a-day show or whatever to walk across the street to be entertained by me.
CA: So your plan is to be here all day?
CZ: We've got another couple of hours until the sun kills us. By the time you transcribe this, will there be enough time for people to come visit us?
CA: No, this won't go out until several days after.
CZ: Oh wow. Why am I doing this? Why am I promoting a thing that I'm just doing right now and only now?
CA: Well you chose not to promote it in advance.
CZ: Oh yeah. I'm not the smartest one.
REPORT: South Florida DC Tom Allen candidate for Auburn
South Florida defensive coordinator Tom Allen talks with Jamie Byrd at during against Florida A&M on Sept. 5, 2015. (Photo: South Florida athletics FILE)
AUBURN – Multiple reports have suggested South Florida defensive coordinator Tom Allen is a candidate to fill Auburn's current defensive coordinator opening.
Allen spent last year as the coordinator for a Bulls defense that was a major reason for their 8-4 record and the program's first bowl game in five seasons. South Florida will play in the Miami Beach Bowl on Dec. 21 against Western Kentucky in in Marlins Park.
According to reports by FootballScoop.com and AuburnUndercover.com, Kelly turned down an official offer from Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn Thursday evening and a Tallahassee Democrat report suggested Florida State defensive coordinator Charles Kelly told a verbal commit the same thing as well.
Allen spent the previous three seasons at Ole Miss where they served as linebackers coach and special teams coordinator under Rebels head coach Hugh Freeze. Allen followed Freeze to Ole Miss from Arkansas State where they helped guide a defense that led the Sun Belt Conference in total defense (331.46 ypg) and scoring defense (20.77 ppg) and ranked in the top 25 nationally in both categories. Similarly to Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn, Allen spent 12 years as a high school coach. Allen served as head coach (2004-06) and defensive coordinator (1998-2003) at Ben Davis High School in Indianapolis, defensive coordinator at Marion (Ind.) High School (1997), defensive coordinator and linebackers coach at Armwood High School in Sefner, Fla. (1995-96) and head coach at Temple Heights (Tampa) HS (1992-94). Allen was named the St. Petersburg Times' Coach of the Year for Hillsborough County after they led Temple Heights to a 7-4 record and the first post-season appearance in the school's 18-year history.
CLOSE Auburn head coach Gus Malzahn talking defensive coordinator options Matthew Stevens
With the recruiting dead period, which restricts face-to-face contact with prospects, beginning Monday at midnight, Malzahn clearly did not get their preference to have a new defensive coordinator hire for possible in-house visits this past weekend.
“It would be good if we could," Malzahn said Thursday during the Birmingham Bowl media conference. “The earlier the better, but at the same time this is a big decision. This is a big decision and I just want to make sure we get it right -- and we will. We'll go from there.”
Malzahn is expected to announce an interim defensive coordinator and any other staff changes for the Birmingham Bowl against Memphis (9-3) on Monday when Auburn (6-6) begins practices for the game on Dec. 30.
Read or Share this story: http://on.mgmadv.com/1QFLSq8
LAS VEGAS — Most Republicans running for Congress in tossup seats might be distancing themselves from Donald Trump, but Danny Tarkanian is proving the exception.
A perennial candidate now seeking a House seat with a slight Democratic registration advantage, he's dismissing the notion that the presidential contest is anything other than a binary choice.
“Why would I support Hillary Clinton?” Tarkanian, the Republican nominee in Nevada's 3rd District, said in a recent interview. “There are two people that can be president in 2017. The other two that are on the ballot don't have a chance.”
Nevada does not have a write-in option. Instead, it offers voters an unusual choice to cast a protest vote for none of the candidates on the ballot. GOP Rep. Joe Heck, whom Tarkanian hopes to succeed in the House, has said they cannot support Trump, but hasn't made clear exactly what they will do in the voting booth. Heck is running for the state's Senate seat, left open by retiring Democratic Sen. Harry Reid.
“The question is: do you want Hillary Clinton leading this nation at this most precarious time or would you want Donald Trump?” Tarkanian said. “I made it clear in my statement that I believe both of the candidates have faults, that millions of Americans ... are going to have to make a choice based upon one of those two individuals with their faults. I believe the vision Hillary Clinton has for our country — open borders, one-payer health care system, more dysfunction in Washington, D.C., — the same status quo is the absolute worst direction our country could go.”
One thing Tarkanian doesn't have to worry about is name ID in their race against Democrat Jacky Rosen, a point all the more obvious as they spoke in their office at the Las Vegas basketball academy that carries the family name.
Candidate Tarkanian's father, Jerry, the legendary Hall of Fame coach of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas' Runnin' Rebels basketball team that won the 1990 NCAA men's championship, died last year.
[New Poll Shows Nevada Senate Race Tied]
Tarkanian offered a familiar GOP platform directed at decreasing regulations that hinder the growth of small businesses and a focus on national security, but they also spoke of the inability to get things done on Capitol Hill as a factor in Trump's appeal this election season.
“Why Trump quite honestly is doing so well in my district is people are fed up with the dysfunction of Washington, D.C.,” Tarkanian said. “The same status quo where it appears, at least, that the leaders in Washington, D.C., care more about staying in D.C. and being leaders than they do about taking care of the people in their district.”
Rosen, for their part, does not buy Tarkanian's portrayal of themselves as a problem-solver.
“He's a very extreme, tea-party radical,” Rosen said in an interview of them opponent.
“Danny's been a professional candidate,” Rosen said. “This is their sixth run for office over the last 10 years, so someone who is dying to do anything for a vote. They stand up with Donald Trump regardless, they won't want to jeopardize their tea party vote.”
Rosen's campaign circulated a strategy memo late last week expressing confidence that they will be able to prevail, and Rosen themselves discussed internal polling numbers from Global Stategy Group showing them up by 7 points as of mid-October.
“I'm a first-time candidate, so by nature I'm a very positive person, and I'm very optimistic but I take nothing for granted,” they said, touting the skills of the campaign team they assembled with assistance from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
Nevada-based political journalist Jon Ralston reported Friday on a National Republican Congressional Committee survey of the district showing Tarkanian leading Rosen by 5 points in a four-way race.
The survey appears to have also asked about the emerging messaging of needing a GOP majority in the House as a counterweight to a potential Hillary Clinton White House.
“If it does look like Donald Trump is going to lose, fully 50 percent of voters indicate they would prefer to have a Republican member of Congress to represent them as a check and balance to Hillary Clinton and Nancy Pelosi,” the polling memo stated.
The race is clearly important to House Speaker Paul D. Ryan's effort to maintain their majority and avoid electoral disaster for House Republicans.
But despite backing Trump, Tarkanian said they had no issue with Ryan jettisoning plans to appear with the GOP presidential nominee. They also told Roll Call that Ryan would be fundraising on their behalf.
“I'd rather have them out here campaigning with me than … stumping with Trump somewhere,” Tarkanian said.
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android.
Now that Donald Trump has won the New Hampshire primary and proved themselves as a legitimate threat to win the Republican nomination, it's time to take a serious look at their policy proposals. When it comes to healthcare, Trump hasn't had much to say of substance, but the policy pronouncements we have gotten from them are a mix of socialism and incoherence.
For decades, Trump has shown a soft spot for socialized medicine. In their 2000 book The America We Deserve, Trump described themselves as a "liberal" on healthcare and suggested the U.S. should look to Canada's socialist system as a "prototype." During a Republican presidential debate, they said the socialist systems in Canada and Scotland worked well.
During an interview on " 60 Minutes," last September, Trump said, "Everybody's got to be covered. This is an un-Republican thing for me to say because a lot of times they say, 'No, no, the lower 25 percent that can't afford private.' But ... I am going to take care of everybody." Asked who would pay for it, Trump said, "The government's gonna pay for it."
He's talked about government using its bargaining power to negotiate prices with doctors, hospitals and drug companies — one of the central arguments in favor of socialized medicine.
Whenever he's been confronted on their socialist healthcare ideas by Sen. Ted Cruz, Trump has called Cruz a "liar" and said they want to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a free market alternative. Yet when they actually speak about healthcare, they reveal they have no idea what he's talking about. They ramble nonsensically, throwing out terms here and there that perhaps he's picked up in briefings, but they make no sense in the context which he's using them.
For instance, at a Monday night rally I attended in Manchester on the eve of the New Hampshire primary, Trump went on an extended rant about healthcare that made little sense and was filled with misinformation. You'll have to forgive the extended quotes, but it always takes awhile for Trump to get to their point.
They said, "So, my friend calls me up — a great doctor. They say, 'You know Donald, you're running and you're doing great and I'm so proud of you.' I love to hear it. I say, 'Say it again.' And they said, 'But you know, with the medical, and with the drugs, the United States is the largest purchaser — and they don't negotiate price.' It's almost as if you wanna go, and you wanna buy drugs, these drugs to make you feel better, right? Drugs to make you feel better. You wanna buy drugs, you have to get drugs, you go to the drug store, you buy it off the counter.
"The United States is paying like a price like that. I said, you have got to be kidding. They said, 'I don't know why.' I said, 'I do. I do.' Because the drug companies have an unbelievable lobby. And these guys that run for office, that are on my left and right and plenty of others, they're all taken care of by the drug companies. And they're never going to put out competitive bidding. So I said to myself wow, let me do some numbers. If we competitively bid, drugs in the United States, we can save as much as $300 billion a year."
A few things jumped right out at me. Trump says he'd save as much as $300 billion a year on drug costs through negotiation. And yet in 2014, Medicare spent about $78 billion on prescription drugs — and if you combine all of the spending on prescription drugs both by government and private sector you only get $297.7 billion. So in other words, Trump is suggesting that by negotiating drug prices through Medicare, he'd somehow negotiate all spending on prescription drugs in the U.S. — both inside and outside Medicare — down to zero.
Furthermore, Trump throws around the term "competitive bidding" to make it sound like they know what he's talking about, but in reality Medicare already does use "competitive bidding" in the prescription drug program. Insurers negotiate with drug-makers, then offer bids for how much drug plans will cost, and then Medicare pays 75 percent of the average plan on behalf of the beneficiaries. The term "competitive bidding" doesn't make much sense in the context of the government negotiating directly with drug companies.
In reality, there's actually a great dispute over the potential savings from direct negotiation of drug prices. The CBO has suggested only limited potential savings if any from direct price negotiation. One problem is that unlike insurers, the Department of Health and Human Services would be under political pressure to include certain drugs — from AARP and other pressure groups — and that would reduce their leverage. The issue of drug negotation has long been pushed by liberals, and even then, liberal advocacy group Public Citizen estimated it would only save about $16 billion a year, or about one half of 1 percent of the $3 trillion the U.S. spends on all healthcare.
But Trump's rant didn't end there. They continued, "We need really smart, really tough, really fair people with great hearts that wanna take care of your healthcare, wanna take care of your people that can't afford healthcare. You know, it's interesting. We're going to bring down the price of healthcare. We're going to bring it down big league. Big, big league. Because President Obama lied — 28 times. They said you keep your doctor, said you keep your plan. 28 times. I kept saying, why doesn't anybody get sued for fraud when you do that? 28 times. And even Democrats went because of what they said. And they wish they weren't in that position. So they lied."
Okay, so Trump is arguing that Obama lied, and yet he's the one going around telling people he's going to reduce all spending on drugs to zero through their awesome negotiation process and say he's going to extract massive savings on healthcare — a policy puzzle that has vexed experts for decades — without saying how.
More Trump: "But, you know what? A lot of people are giving me heat, because I say, we gotta take care — there's a group, there's a small group relatively, of people at the bottom that are not going to be able to be taken care of — and I say, we have to, as Republicans, we to have to take care — does anybody not want to take care of them?"
Trump is being a bit vague by saying a "small group relatively." What do they mean by small group? What income level would be the cutoff to obtain Trumpcare? Remember, in the '60 Minutes' interview cited above, Trump said, "Everybody's got to be covered." Not just, "the lower 25 percent that can't afford private." Yet now he's saying he's talking about a "small group." Even before Obamacare, Medicaid existed and covered 56 million people living in poverty — not exactly a "small group." So is their "small group" greater or lesser than that?
Trump did not stop there: "I said, we're not gonna have people dying on the streets. We're going to get them into a hospital and take care of them, we're gonna — because we're not going to have people dying in streets. And I say that, and all the times I get applause and then they say, 'Oh, they want to do this, they want to do that, that's not the public —' let me tell you, the Republican way is, people can't take care of themselves, we have to help them. We're not going to let 'em die. And I say it all the time. We're not going to let 'em die on the sidewalk. We're not going to let 'em die on the street."
This is a total non-sequitur. The idea of not letting people die on the streets is not relevant to the current healthcare debate. Even before Obamacare, as I noted, people living in poverty had access to Medicaid and over 50 million seniors were enrolled in Medicare. And in 1986, Congress passed the Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act, which required hospitals to treat people who had medical emergencies regardless of ability to pay.
Then Trump went on, "And it's not even a lot of money. We have hospitals doing no business. We gotta get them fixed up. But we're going to save tremendously on healthcare. It's going to be private. We're going to take the lines out of play. We're going to have so many different options. It's going to be so much better. It's going to be less expensive."
A few points there. They say "it's not even a lot of money." What are they talking about? Before Obamacare's 2014 implementation, the U.S. government was already spending nearly $900 billion on health programs. They said hospitals are going to get fixed. Well, who is going to pay for that? Who is "we" in that statement? How is government paying for private hospital repairs consistent with the guy who said he's going to take on the drug lobby? How are they going to save "tremendously" on healthcare? And how is it going to be "private" when they just said government has to take care of people — and on '60 Minutes' said government has to provide healthcare for everybody?
I can only assume "we're going to take the lines out of play" is some sort of reference to allowing for interstate purchase of insurance, but it's clear they don't have a particularly firm grasp of that concept. They promise more choices and less expensive insurance with more coverage, yet they don't explain how that will come to fruition.
They went on, "You looked at your deductibles, not only are your rates going up, but you look at deductibles right now, unless you get hit by a tractor, you'll never, ever, ever be able to use your healthcare ... We're gonna take care of it folks, and we're gonna have so many great things. And by the way, we're going to competitive bidding. And I'll tell you what, we're going to save so much money those drug companies are gonna hate me so much."
The issue is, however, that many free market proposals hinge on the idea of encouraging the use of higher-deductible plans. This tends to reduce medical spending by making individuals more conscious of the cost of care and avoiding unnecessary treatment. He's talking about bringing down both deductibles and costs at the same time.
So, to sum up, Trump wants to get rid of high-deductible plans and improve coverage, yet still bring down rates, yet still make healthcare private, while repealing Obamacare, and covering a small group of people, or everybody, through government spending, or through the private sector, by using Canada as a model — but he's going to take those damn lines out of play. Makes perfect sense.
Share. Watch 10 minutes of exclusive new gameplay. Watch 10 minutes of exclusive new gameplay.
2D action-platformer The Adventure Pals will be releasing on Switch, Xbox One, PS4, and PC next Spring. In an update from when it was announced earlier this year, a Switch version has now been confirmed for the same window.
We've got an exclusive first look at 10 minutes of The Adventure Pals co-op gameplay, with a few small cuts to jump over some still in-development moments. Watch it here:
Exit Theatre Mode
The Adventure Pals is a 2D action brawler with drop-in co-op, and looks a bit like Castle Crashers crossed with a platformer like Scribblenauts. You explore an overworld map visiting towns and completing quests for their colorful inhabitants, assisted by your magic giraffe, Sparkles.
Developer Massive Monster ran a successful Kickstarter campaign for Adventure Pals late last year that raised over £22,000. The studio has previously worked on games in the Sushi Cat series, as well as various flash games on Armor Games, which is Adventure Pals' publisher.
Exit Theatre Mode
We'll be going hands-on with Adventure Pals at PSX next month, and will let you know what we think after we play it.
Tom Marks is an Associate Editor focusing on PC gaming at IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
How Europe builds better products for better lives.
It's no accident that the social democracies—Sweden, France and Germany, who kept on paying high wages—now have more industry than the United States or the UK.
Americans may believe the United States is set up for the middle class, and Europe is set up for the bourgeois. Or let's put it this way: America is a great place to buy kitty litter at Wal-Mart and relatively cheap gas. But it is not designed for me, a professional without a lot of money. That's who Europe is for: people like me.
OK, as a union-side lawyer, Europe's really set up for people like my clients, or those who used to be my clients before the unions in America collapsed. Let's put my own self-interest aside: Where would my clients, who are not poor, who make $30,000 to $50,000 a year and yet keep coming up short, maybe by $100, $200 a month, really be better off?
That's easy: Europe. I can answer that as their lawyer, the way a doctor could answer about their health. The bottom two-thirds of America would be better off in Europe. I mean the people who have not had a raise (an hourly raise in real dollars) in maybe 40 years, and who do not even have a 401(k), nothing but Social Security, and either have no health insurance or pay deductibles of $2,000 or more. Sure, they'd be better off in Europe. When unemployed, they'd certainly be better off in Europe. Over there, even single men can get on welfare. And in much of Europe, contrary to what we hear, unemployment is much lower than over here.
One of the ways Europe is set up for the bourgeois – including, perhaps, many readers of this magazine – is the very fact that it is also set up for people who make $50,000 or below. Since it's set up for these people too, the bourgeois – me, maybe you – get the political cover to have it set up for them. What the people-in-the-unions get, people-from-the-good-schools also get. (And indeed, in Europe people-in-the-unions are often people-from-the-good-schools.) They get the six weeks of vacation each year and the pension like a golden parachute. And the higher up we are in terms of income, the more valuable these things are. In America, they don't tell us: Social democracy, or socialism, or whatever Europe has, pays off biggest for people in the upper middle class, those just below the top.
Public and private wealth
Take Zurich and Chicago. One looks good and the other, broken down. If America has such a famously high GDP per capita and Chicago is one of America's crown jewels, maybe there is something wrong with using GDP per capita as an index of social well-being. It's not that the numbers “lie” in any crude way, but past a certain point, maybe these numbers mislead us as to where we're better off. For to look at the numbers, who would guess that Zurich looks gloriously like Zurich all over, and that Chicago looks glorious in Lincoln Park, dumpy west of Pulaski Avenue, and gulag-like by 26th and California? But forget the look of the place. It's also the way of life.
The numbers say, on paper, I have a better way of life in Chicago. But are these numbers right? It may be that, past a certain level, an increase in GDP per capita pushes my living standard down. I don't mean this in a spiritual sense – I mean it in a cold, neutral, out-of-pocket sense. Example: If I make more by working longer, I might subcontract out more of my life and incur other “costs,” like losing a trip to Zurich, which may be of far more value than the extra income. Or another example: If I get a raise, I might be worse off. I might widen the gap in income with others around me. Who cares? Well, by doing this, I might be spreading poverty, which, like everything, is relative. I might make my public space more of a hellhole than before.
People at the libertarian Cato Institute love to scoff: “Oh, our poor in America are so well off in GDP per capita.” Go ahead. Argue. I'll let you win. But I dare the Cato types, when the argument is over, to go outside and walk around some Chicago neighborhoods.
In other words, the further ahead we get, the more our standard of living drops. Let's say, as a European, I work 1,500 hours a year. Now, let's put me at 1,800 or even 2,300 hours, like many Americans. While I've moved to higher GDP per capita, I don't have:
 Six weeks off.
 A perfect cup of coffee to sip at some place other than the office.
 A city to inhale like a bank of violets.
In 2005, the real hourly wage for production workers in America was approximately 8 percent lower than it was in 1973, while our national output (productivity) per hour is 55 percent higher. So it's dubious whether most Americans have gained even a penny in purchasing power since 1989. And even skewed by all this U.S-type inequality, we understate what Europeans at the “middling” level are able to get for free, i.e., publicly provided goods like education, healthcare, cities like banks of violets. Even apart from the grotesque U.S. social inequality, the net purchasing power disparity after we toss in the public goods is not so great.
Or maybe I mean this: Europe has a kind of invisible GDP, which we don't know how to count. The ambitious European who might want to work 2,300 hours may be the luckiest to escape their or their fate under the U.S. model. When that person has 700 more hours a year, to learn an extra language, to go to Sri Lanka, or just to read, it's that high achiever who may be best off under the European model.
It's no accident that the social democracies – Sweden, France and Germany, who kept on paying high wages – now have more industry than the United States or the UK. During the '70s, '80s and '90s, the Anglo-Americans, the neoliberals, The Economist crowd, and the press generally, would taunt the social democrats in Europe: “You'd better break the unions.” That's the way to save your industry.
Indeed, that's what the United States and the UK did: They smashed the unions, in the belief that they had to compete on cost. The result? They quickly ended up wrecking their industrial base. But Germany, Sweden and France ignored the advice of the Anglo-Americans, the Financial Times elite, the banking industry: Contrary to what they were told to do, they did not wreck their unions.
And it was the high labor cost that pushed those countries into making higher “value-added” things. Where is Germany competitive? It's in high-end, precision machinery, made by people with the highest skills. It's in engineering services. People look at Germany and say, “What about the German unemployment?” But no one in the United States ever says, “What about the German labor shortages?”
Even in 2008, precisely because of “globalization,” Germany had a serious shortage of people able to fill high-skill, high-paying jobs, especially engineers. In the United States, engineers complain they can't find work; many of them just end up in sales. In the union-free, lower-cost United States, we don't create the kind of jobs engineers can do. Germany's problem? It has too many such jobs. It's our whole globalization thesis turned upside down.
That leads to a seeming paradox: Higher labor costs can make a country more, not less, competitive. In many ways, the United States and the UK got out of manufacturing because their labor costs were too low. I have spent my life watching plants close in Milwaukee and Waukegan, where skilled labor was paid $26 an hour, only to reopen in Georgia and North Carolina, where it was paid $8 an hour. While still fighting over severance two years later, we get the news: The company is bankrupt. The products it makes so cheaply are now crap.
Page 1 of 2 Continued »
JACKSONVILLE/SANFORD, Florida (Reuters) - A special prosecutor in Florida charged neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman with second-degree murder on Wednesday in the shooting death of unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin - a move that protesters had been demanding for weeks in the racially charged case.
George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch volunteer who sparked a national uproar by shooting Trayvon Martin, an unarmed teenager to death, is pictured in this Orange County, Florida, Sheriff's Office booking photograph taken in July 2005. REUTERS/Orange County Sheriff's Office/Handout
Zimmerman was under arrest at an undisclosed location in Florida, officials said.
Special prosecutor Angela Corey's decision came 45 days after the fatal shooting in a quiet gated community in the central Florida town of Sanford.
Police had declined to arrest Zimmerman, who is white and Hispanic, based on their account of self-defense, setting off civil rights demonstrations around the country.
“I can tell you we did not come to this decision lightly,” Corey told a news conference in Jacksonville.
“Let me emphasize that we do not prosecute by public pressure or by petition. We prosecute based on the facts of any given case as well as the laws of the state of Florida.”
The decision on whether to charge Zimmerman, for the death of Martin, 17, had rested with Corey since they were appointed by Florida's governor on March 22.
The firestorm of protests forced Sanford's police chief to step aside and the regularly assigned prosecutor to remove themselves from the case on March 22, leading to Corey's appointment.
By seeking second-degree murder rather than a lesser charge, such as manslaughter, Corey reaffirmed their reputation as a prosecutor who will seek to bring the most serious charge possible. If convicted, Zimmerman could face a prison sentence of up to 25 years to life.
Zimmerman said they acted in self-defense during a confrontation with the unarmed Martin on February 26.
As the basis for their refusal to arrest Zimmerman, police cited Florida's “Stand Your Ground” law, which allows people to use deadly force when they believe they are in danger of being killed or suffering great bodily harm.
The shooting received scant media attention at first, but Martin's parents and lawyers kept making public calls for Zimmerman's arrest. That eventually led to a media frenzy, and outraged online messages by celebrities about the case. Even President Barack Obama commented on the case, saying: “If I had a son, they would look like Trayvon.”
The disputed facts surrounding the shooting have been picked apart endlessly by television commentators while dominating the headlines and reigniting a discussion about guns, self-defense laws and what it means to be black in America.
Zimmerman's relatives and supporters have insisted they are not racist and has been unfairly vilified. They said they feared for their life during their altercation with Martin and was justified in using deadly force.
The case took an unexpected turn on Tuesday when the two lawyers representing Zimmerman, Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig, dropped them as a client because they said they had lost contact with him. They asserted, however, that they had left Florida.
After months of tight-fisted ad spending, Donald Trump's campaign is finally airing its first TV commercial.
The 30-second spot will air in four battleground states — Ohio, Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Florida — for 10 days starting on Friday. The airtime cost the campaign nearly $5 million.
In typical Trump fashion, the ad paints a dystopian picture of an America flooded with Syrian refugees and undocumented immigrants — many of them intent on committing crimes and reaping government services, a narrator warns.
The second half shifts the focus to Trump's vision for the country, which involves lots of images of military equipment and border patrol arrests.
"Make America safe again," the final tagline reads, next to a picture of the GOP nominee giving a stern-faced thumbs up.
Like much of what has been Trump's strategy, waiting until this late in the election cycle to spend money on TV ads flies in the face of conventional wisdom.
Their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, has racked up $61 million in advertising bills — plus $43 million from outside groups spending on their behalf.
While pro-Trump PACs have run TV ads in support of the campaign in the past, their combined spend has totaled a relatively paltry $12.4 million.
The ad, which Trump announced earlier this week, comes after a major campaign shake-up and weeks of trailing in the polls.
Stephen Bannon, chairperson of conservative news site Breitbart, took charge of the campaign on Wednesday, leading many to speculate that the publication would become even more of a media organ for the campaign than it already was.
Embattled campaign manager Paul Manafort resigned Friday morning.
Trump seemed to take an uncharacteristically measured and remorseful tone during a speech Thursday night, which may indicate yet another in a long series of attempted pivots.
As Vox points out, however, Trump's aggressive attack ad does not suggest the Republican candidate is looking to change their tune anytime soon.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
A fleet of auto and tech companies are forming a self-driving car coalition.
Google, Uber, Ford and others are ganging together to promote the interests of self-driving cars, according to a Reuters report. The coalition's aim is to urge government action on self-driving vehicles, specifically to cut through the patchwork autonomous-driving laws that differ wildly from state to state.
"The best path for this innovation is to have one clear set of federal standards," ex-US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration official David Strickland said in a statement. "The coalition will work with policymakers to find the right solutions that will facilitate the deployment of self-driving vehicles."
Driverless cars are being developed by numerous companies. Proponents say self-driving tech has the potential to be much safer than standard human driving, though policymakers are likely to have many concerns about the implications of letting a machine take the wheel.
"1.3 million people die every year in traffic accidents -- many of them young people," an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. "Self-driving cars can help save millions of lives as well as cut congestion in our cities."
Ford echoed and expanded on that sentiment. "We believe fully autonomous vehicles will help people travel more safely and efficiently, as well as facilitate mobility for those currently unable to drive," the automaker said in a statement.
Earlier this year, Google acknowledged that one of its self-driving cars was at least partly responsible for a minor accident involving a bus.
Google and Ford didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
Update 14:42 p.m. UK: Added statement from Uber.
Update 17:11 p.m. UK: Added statement from Ford.
Heritage Minister Shelly Glover has taken the first steps toward meeting a Conservative throne speech promise to provide more choice for Canadian cable customers.
In an announcement Thursday in Vancouver, they said the federal government has asked the broadcast regulator to prepare a report on how pick-and-pay television service might work and what steps might have to be taken to unbundle TV services.
“We are convinced that this is something that Canadian consumers want,” Glover said. “We want to give them choice and we have indicated very clearly that we will require television channels to be unbundled.”
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission has until April 30 to deliver a report to the minister, who was appointed in July as former heritage minister James Moore moved into the industry portfolio.
While most cable providers offer a range of packages with stations bundled together, Vidéotron, Bell and Rogers also offer consumers the option of selecting individual stations to bundle with their basic package.
Louis Audet, CEO of Montreal-based cable distributor Cogeco, said the industry is a “full and willing participant” in the process to change how TV is distributed in Canada.
'Normal evolution'
“This is a totally normal evolution,” Audet said in an interview with CBC-TV'sLang & O'Leary Exchange.
“We've been battling with our program suppliers now for two years to bring more freedom to be able to meet our customer's demands, which is for more targeted smaller packages.”
They said the cable and satellite providers entered arbitration at the CRTC to ask for the freedom to provide a pay-per-channel option.
In October, the CRTC announced a new consultation with Canadian consumers, asking what they like and don't like about their TV service and TV content. Next spring the broadcasters will weigh in and the distributors will also have a chance to comment.
One of the big questions is how to meet cultural objectives that are part of the CRTC's mandate, Audet said.
“There is a cultural policy in this country that forces distributors to carry and package channels in a certain manner. It remains to be seen further to the dialogue the CRTC has undertaken with the population on Oct. 24 ... how the cultural policy of this country evolves and as a result of that, through negotiation with program suppliers we'll see what we are able to do,” they said.
What about Netflix?
Glover said Ottawa has asked the CRTC to determine any costs consumers might face because of unbundling of TV service. It also wants to figure out whether ethnic and specialty channels could survive.
Audet said they expect the industry to find ways to integrate video-streaming services such as Netflix into their offerings. Cogeco's U.S. unit is experimenting with Tivo, a set-top device that allows streaming from the internet, live and on-demand video, as well as broadcast options.
“A number of people have seen Netflix as an enemy of cable distributors. We rather see it as a complement to the complete offering of cable distributors,” they said, adding that Cogeco is testing a platform similar to Tivo for the Canadian market.
In non-faith schools, religious education needs to include the views and opinions of atheists and humanists, even if this seems oxymoronic, argues teacher Andrew Jones
A common question in religious education (RE) lessons is, "Why do I need to study RE when I don't believe in God?"
This is an inevitable question, and my standard reply is to emphasise that 33 million people in the UK do. An estimated 80% of the world's population identify with a religious group and religion has a massive impact on humanity.
Nevertheless, the predominance of christianity in RE syllabuses – and the increasing secularisation of the nation's youth – poses a challenge for religious studies in non-faith schools. The 2011 census shows that Christianity has the oldest average follower age of the main religions in the UK, and that the number of Christians below 60 years old has fallen considerably. According to one survey, 65% of teenagers do not consider themselves religious.
It could be argued that the current framework for RE teaching needs to give more consideration to atheist and humanist world views to reflect society's beliefs correctly. The current statutory guidance for RE only requires the syllabus to reflect the religious traditions of Great Britain, which are Christian, and acknowledge the other "principal religions represented in Great Britain" – but not atheism or humanism.
Although most locally-agreed syllabuses allow for a limited presence of non-religious views, organisations such as the British Humanist Association (BHA), are campaigning for these views to be studied in more depth.
The RE Council of England and Wales is also carrying out a comprehensive review of the subject to coincide with the national curriculum review. Their draft has indicated that non-religious views could become central areas of study at key stages one to three. At the same time, Michael Gove has promised to "revitalise conversations on RE" and work with the Catholic and Anglican churches – "and others" – to improve the subject. Perhaps the "others" will include groups outside the main religious organisations.
In spite of these possible changes, an objection to the inclusion of further atheist viewpoints and humanism may simply be that they are not religions.
But their inclusion could fulfill other areas of the curriculum. Guidance states that RE "provokes challenging questions about the ultimate meaning and purpose of life, beliefs about God, the self and the nature of reality, issues of right and wrong, and what it means to be human." To do this effectively, humanistic perspectives on these topics must be considered. Moreover, challenging questions about God will be enhanced with reference to atheist points of view.
Another key element here is community cohesion. Guidance states that RE "provides a key context to develop young people's understanding and appreciation of diversity, to promote shared values and to challenge racism and discrimination." If shared values are to be promoted, however, secular values must be accounted for, otherwise we are bypassing the values of the 65% of students identified as non-religious in the survey mentioned above.
I don't think that Christianity and other religions should be constantly compared with and challenged by non-religious views. There is still a need to study the founders of the six world religions, their beliefs, practices, ethics and teachings. This is the bulk of what RE will always be. Nor am I suggesting that faith schools need to challenge their students every time there is an act of collective worship or discussion on religious doctrine.
But in non-faith schools it is best if RE includes the views and opinions of atheists and humanists, even if this seems oxymoronic; secularisation affects religion as much as religion affects society.
Andrew Jones is head of religious studies and sociology at Goffs School in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire. Find their department website and on Twitter as @GoffsRS. Andrew is also a teacher adviser to the Guardian Teacher Network.
This content is brought to you by Guardian Professional. Looking for your next role? Take a look at Guardian jobs for schools for thousands of the latest teaching, leadership and support jobs.
Steve Lambert, The Canadian Press
WINNIPEG – A member of Manitoba's Opposition New Democrats apologized Friday for comparing a government minister to a Nazi.
Ted Marcelino drew fire for remarks a day earlier when they accused Crown Services Minister Ron Schuler of repeatedly stating false information about Manitoba Hydro.
"The minister for Crown services tries to repeat some facts, as they called them. They would call them facts," Marcelino said during a debate in the legislature chamber late Thursday afternoon, according to the official transcript.
"And they would keep on repeating them until somebody believes it. And that's the propaganda style of Joseph Goebbels – the minister of propaganda of the National Socialist Party during the time of somebody's friend, Adolf."
Premier Brian Pallister demanded an apology Friday. They said the remark was an insult to all Manitobans.
"In particular in a province where so many people came here to escape oppression, and so many people have family who are linked directly to the atrocities of Nazi Germany, it is absolutely and totally inappropriate," Pallister said.
Marcelino retracted their remarks and apologized for what they called a perceived slight.
"In the heat of debate, and more as an expression of my frustration about getting no answers, we sometimes make comments and comparisons which, on reflection, do not properly reflect the views we wish to say or express."
Pallister said Marcelino should also apologize to ethnic communities in the province who suffered under the Nazis, but NDP house leader Jim Maloway said they consider the matter closed.
"The member recognized that they made mistake, and they have apologized to the house ... and to (Schuler). You can't get any better than that," Maloway said.
The Nazi remark is the latest in a series of apologies, retractions and overheated comments in the legislature since the April 19 election, when the Progressive Conservatives swept the NDP from power after 17 years.
Last month, two New Democrats apologized for targeting Tory women during a vote in the legislature by saying the word "shame" as each woman voted against a New Democrat bill.
A few days later, Tory cabinet minister Rochelle Squires accused a New Democrat of telling them to take their pants off during a debate. The legislature speaker ruled the comment was something completely different and Squires apologized.
Debug, error, and exception messages in PHP often contain type information about variables that did not satisfy a defined validation constraint. The idiomatic way to add this type information is currently via the gettype() function, however, the information that can be retrieved via that function is very sparse and developers need to repeat certain patterns over and over again to enrich it. This RFC proposes a new function called var_info() that addresses this issue and helps developers to create better debug, error, and exception messages in their software.
Research of big and successful PHP userland projects (e.g. a search with is_object\([^\)]+\)\s*\?\s*get_class\([^\)]+\)\s*:\s*gettype shows 44 results in a fresh Drupal 8.2.x checkout with all composer dependencies installed) has shown that the gettype() function is often used as follows:
The result of such a check is then mostly used as part of an error message. It is trivial to write the above line of code, and the performance hit of an additional function call is negligible (due to the fact that it is usually only executed in error branches of software). Nevertheless, it is an unnecessary hurdle, and the so retrieved information on the type is not very extensive. Hence, the proposal for a new function that is called var_info() that works as follows:
echo var_info ( [ ] ) ; // array echo var_info ( [ SomeClass :: class , 'someMethod' ] ) ; // callable array echo var_info ( [ new SomeClass , 'someMethod' ] ) ; // callable array echo var_info ( false ) ; // false echo var_info ( - 1.0 ) ; // negative float echo var_info ( 0.0 ) ; // zero float echo var_info ( 1.0 ) ; // positive float echo var_info ( INF ) ; // infinite float echo var_info ( NAN ) ; // invalid float echo var_info ( - 1 ) ; // negative int echo var_info ( 0 ) ; // zero int echo var_info ( 1 ) ; // positive int echo var_info ( new stdClass ) ; // object of class stdClass echo var_info ( new Some\Namespaced\UserClass ) ; // object of class Some\Namespaced\UserClass echo var_info ( unserialize ( 'O:1:"A":0:{}' ) ) ; // object of class __PHP_Incomplete_Class echo var_info ( function ( ) { } ) ; // object of class Closure echo var_info ( STDIN ) ; // resource of type stream $fh = tmpfile ( ) ; fclose ( $fh ) ; echo var_info ( $fh ) ; // closed resource echo var_info ( 'string' ) ; // string echo var_info ( 'strlen' ) ; // callable string echo var_info ( 'SomeClass::someMethod' ) ; // callable string echo var_info ( '10' ) ; // numeric string echo var_info ( '1.0' ) ; // numeric string echo var_info ( true ) ; // true
The following table summarizes the possible return values in a more readable form:
Return Value Comment array callable array is_callable() false bool(false) negative float $var < 0.0 zero float $var === 0.0 || $var === -0.0 positive float $var > 0.0 infinite float is_infinite() invalid float is_nan() negative int $var < 0 zero int $var === 0 || $var === -0 positive int $var > 0 objects of class %s %s will contain the result of get_class() . resource of type %s %s will contain the result of get_resource_type() . closed resource If no type is available anymore or is invalid/unknown. string callable string is_callable() numeric string is_numeric() true bool(true)
The return values do not contain any kind of special characters like brackets in order to not interfere with the formatting a developer might choose to format their message (e.g. ( and ) are not appropriate within ( and ) in English language). This should be taken into account in possible future extensions of this function.
Developers should however not rely on the returned values for anything other than outputting them. This is because the returned values might change in any major PHP release, the PHP team will of course take careful care not to alter the output during non-major releases, but it is still highly discouraged.
We believe U.S. residential construction growth will be robust over the coming decade, but the road to a fuller recovery has proved longer than expected. Household formation continues to build momentum, but slowly, especially among younger adults. We expect roughly 1.3 million starts in 2017, up from 2016's 1.1 million.
A review of homebuilder and labor market data has us optimistic about residential construction in the coming quarters. Homebuilders have taken notice of the immense demand potential from millennials and have begun building smaller, more affordable homes to attract these first-time buyers. This means lower mortgage payments and down payments for strapped young adults. Labor markets have also tightened, catalyzing real wage growth since early 2015 for those aged 18-34. With job opening levels at prerecession highs across numerous industries, we expect further wage gains to support rising household formation in the coming quarters.
As I recently wrote, BlackBerry phones are the world's most secure Android smartphones because we've designed security into every possible piece of the software that runs them.
We inject security keys during manufacturing to make sure that you have genuine hardware. We utilize “secure boot” technology to make sure that no malware loads before the operating system and to prevent the operating system from being “downgraded” to a less secure version. We make modifications throughout the Android operating system “stack” to not only harden it, but also to have “triggers” that help identify if there is an attempt to hack the software, you are alerted.
BlackBerry locks down capabilities in the Android OS that could give attackers the opportunity to compromise your device, and our software provides a secure environment that makes it difficult for attackers to find vulnerabilities or perform attacks.
The modifications we make to Android, long before the device is ever used, provide more durable security and require far fewer patches than non-BlackBerry smartphones.
When we introduced our first Android device more than 24 months ago, we committed to delivering 2 years of monthly software updates for the PRIV. True to our word, we fulfilled this commitment though in truth, the PRIV's built-in security posture had little need for many of the updates we delivered in conjunction with partners such as Google and Qualcomm.
Having now stepped outside the original 2-year window, we will no longer be delivering monthly updates for the PRIV moving forward. That said, we continue to support our loyal users as follows:
First, we will of course fulfill all warranty obligations for the PRIV.
Second, as outlined above we believe our phones are inherently more secure because of the way they've been designed with security features from the inside out.
Third, should a critical vulnerability be exposed we will engage our partners as needed to develop and deliver necessary patches.
Fourth, we are thrilled to announce that with our partners at BlackBerry Mobile we will soon be introducing a trade-up program for current BlackBerry customers who are still using the PRIV as well as those holding onto BB10 and BBOS devices. Stay tuned for details and get ready to upgrade to a BlackBerry KeyOne or Motion, the most secure Android smartphones on the planet.
Brendan Rodgers began their managerial career at Watford before joining Reading and then Swansea.
Brendan Rodgers' future as Liverpool manager will become clearer this week when they meet with co-owner Tom Werner.
The American is expected in the city on Tuesday and is due to meet the Reds boss as part of their end-of-season review on Wednesday.
Sources close to Werner and fellow owner John W Henry have consistently played down suggestions Rodgers' job is under immediate threat.
Liverpool finished sixth and missed out on a place in the Champions League.
Media playback is not supported on this device Big summer for Liverpool - Rodgers
Rodgers, 42, was appointed as Liverpool manager exactly three years ago to the day but admitted after the 6-1 defeat at Stoke on the final day of the season that their future was in doubt.
Speaking after that match Rodgers said: "I've always said if the owners want me to go, then I go."
Rodgers came close to a first title win in 24 years in 2014 but endured a disappointing season this time around, with Liverpool failing to progress from the group stage of the Champions League and finishing sixth in the Premier League.
Some anonymous Planet Python poster (at least I couldn't find the author's name on the blog) Christian Wyglendowski asks about a surprising difference between old-style and new-style classes. Since the comments on their blog are closed (which you find out only after pressing Submit), I'll answer here.
The question, slightly paraphrased: given a class
class LameContainerOld : def __init__ ( self ): self . _items = { 'bar' : 'test' } def __getitem__ ( self , name ): return self . _items [ name ] def __getattr__ ( self , attr ): return getattr ( self . _items , attr )
why does the 'in' operator work
>>> container = LameContainerOld () >>> 'foo' in container False >>> 'bar' in container True
when the equivalent new-style class raises a KeyError: 0 exception? Also, why does __getattr__ appear to be called to get the bound __getitem__ method of the dict?
>>> container . __getitem__ <bound method LameContainerNew.__getitem__ of {'bar': 'test'}>
What actually happens here is that LameOldContainer.__getattr__ gets called for special methods such as __contains__ and __repr__. This is why (1) the 'in' check works, and (2) it appears, at first glance, that you get the wrong __getitem__ bound method. If you pay close attention to the output, you'll see that it's the __getitem__ of LameOldContainer; it's just that repr(LameOldContainer()) gets proxied through to the dict.__repr__ when you don't expect it:
>>> container {'bar': 'test'}
Special methods never go through __getattr__ for new-style classes, therefore neither __contains__ nor __repr__ are proxied if you make the container inherit object. If there's no __contains__ method, Python falls back to the sequence protocol and starts calling __getitem__ for numbers 0 through infinity, or until it gets an IndexError exception.
A disturbing report from YouGov released this week shows that homophobia is alive and well in the United Kingdom: Around one in five LGBTQ people claims to have been the victim of a hate crimeor 21 percent.
The number of people targeted for their sexual orientation has increased more than 78 percent from four years ago.
The survey, which polled more than 5,000 members of the LGBTQ community, revealed a number of alarming findings. Forty-one percent of trans people allege that they have been the victim of a bias attack in the past 12 months. Nearly a third of LGBTQ people with disabilities (27 percent) say they've been subjected to abuse or violence in the same time span. A slightly higher percentage of queer people of color (34 percent) claim to have been targeted for a hate crime.
LGBTQ people surveyed by YouGov attest to the difficulty of being visible in daily life, even despite recent advances in equality. The U.K. legalized same-sex unions in 2013.
The survey respondents claim that they've been spit on, punched, stalked, and sexually assaulted. George, 29, claimed that someone poured a drink over their head at a bar and called them a “faggot.”
Ffion, 42, was tossed out of a cab by the driver after kissing their girlfriend. Ava, 56, said that someone threatened to slit them throat.
Thirty-six percent of LGBTQ people claimed that they were concerned about holding hands with a same-sex partner in public, in fear they would be harassed. This figure climbs to 58 percent among gay men.
Researchers note that this data should be taken into context. When the survey was conducted four years ago, queer and trans victims were less likely to report a hate crime. But even as things have somewhat improved, that remains an issue in the current survey. Results show that 56 percent of trans youth between the ages of 15 and 24 and 33 percent of queer young people have been harassed or attacked in the past year. But just 12 percent reported it to police.
Ruth Hunt, CEO of the LGBTQ rights group Stonewall, said that the results of the YouGov survey should serve as a “call to action for everyone who supports equality.”
“This report warns against complacency,” Hunt said on Wednesday. “We now need to work together, to bring forward the day when no individual faces hatred or discrimination simply because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.”
Stonewall, who released the findings on its website, timed the survey to coincide with the group's “Come Out for LGBT” campaign. The London-based equality organization is asking people to help create “a world where everyone, everywhere can be themselves” by combating homophobia in their daily lives.
You can sign the pledge on Stonewall's website.
Style is important when writing code. Following conventions and guidelines helps tell the story of our code to our team and our future-selves. Today we'll learn about SwiftLint, a tool from Realm that can help us enforce Swift conventions and best practices. Let's get started.
SwiftLint provides a downloadable installation package on its Github page, but here we'll install using Homebrew. We'll run:
brew install swiftlint
Now, we can run swiftlint rules at the command line to see all the different convetions and standards that will be enforced. We can also run swiftlint lint in the root directory of our project to see what rules we're breaking right in the terminal.
Our next step is to add SwiftLint as a build phase to our project.
We'll head over to our project's settings, then to the Build Phases tab. We'll click the + button to add a** new “Run Script” phase**. We'll name it “SwiftLint” and give it the follow script content:
if which swiftlint > /dev/null; then swiftlint else echo “Download SwiftLint: https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint " fi
Now when we build our project, SwiftLint will let us know via regular Errors and Warnings in Xcode when there's something to fix.
We can configure how SwiftLint behaves in complete detail by creating a new file called .swiftlint.yml and putting it in the root directory of our project. We can fill out this file to customize (for example) which conventions are enforced:
disabled_rules : - colon - control_statement
We can disable rules “in-line” in our code with special comments:
// swiftlint:disable colon let noWarning : String = "" // No warning about colon placement // swiftlint:enable colon let yesWarning : String = "" // Warning generated
Finally, SwiftLint can correct some violations (trailing_newline, trailing_semicolon, etc.). Just run swiftlint autocorrect .
More info about SwiftLint can be found at git.io/swiftlint
IRVING – The leaders of Texas Central High-Speed Railway sound very confident for a company expecting to succeed where scores of state planners, elected officials and private interests have failed.
The firm hopes to have bullet trains moving Texans at 205 miles per hour between Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston by 2020.
The bit that has raised eyebrows: The company plans to do it without seeking public financing.
“We are not the traditional state-run railroad,” Robert Eckels, the company's president and a former Harris County judge, said at a high-speed rail forum in Irving on Tuesday. “This is designed to be a profitable high-speed rail system that will serve the people of these two great cities and in between and, ultimately, the whole state of Texas.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Backing the Texas-based company is a group led by Central Japan Railway Company, which handles more than 100 million passengers each year on its bullet trains in Japan.
“They're spending real money on high-speed rail to try and get things done,” said Gary Fickes, chairperson of the Texas High-Speed Rail and Train Corporation, a nonprofit coalition of public and private leaders that for years has been advocating for a high-speed rail system in Texas. “I think they're the real deal.”
While the project is generating enthusiasm, Eckels acknowledged he's also heard from plenty of skeptics who predict they will eventually ask for billions of dollars in public support. But Eckels said their investors would likely walk away from a project that couldn't stand on its own.
“If we start taking the federal money, it takes twice as long, costs twice as much,” Eckels said. “My guess is we'd end up pulling the plug on it.”
Previous efforts to bring high-speed rail to Texas have crumbled amid quarrels about public financing and opposition from airlines and other groups. While even a privately funded project would have to work with federal, state and local agencies, the company's shunning of public money is drawing strong initial interest.
The relatively flat, sparsely populated land between North Texas and Houston makes the project more doable than similar plans that have been proposed in the Northeast or California, Eckels said. One approach that could reduce costs considerably is using existing rights of way for freight rail to build the new track. For the system to work, the high-speed trains would have to go over, under or around car and pedestrian traffic and couldn't cross other tracks, Eckels said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“This train doesn't perform well if you have to stop it many times," Eckels said. "It works great if you stop it midway, maybe up at College Station, maybe a couple of other places.”
The company is advertising the project as a way to move passengers from North Texas to Houston in 90 minutes. Eckels said the trip could be significantly shorter once the trains are up and running.
After the DFW-Houston line is operational, a second phase would likely link Austin and San Antonio to the system with a route parallel to the I-35 corridor, Eckels said.
Fickes, who is also a Tarrant County Commissioner, said more people are talking optimistically about high-speed rail coming to Texas now than just two years ago. The Texas Central Railway seems more promising, Fickes said, than a previous Obama administration offer of $8 billion to jumpstart high-speed rail projects around the country.
“I predict Texas will be the first state that has high-speed rail because it's private-sector driven,” Fickes said.
At a day-long forum on the future of high-speed passenger rail in America, other attendees agreed that Texas was likely to be first out of the gate with a true high-speed rail system, often defined as one with trains that travel 185 miles per hour or faster.
During a presentation on the array of financial and regulatory hurdles blocking the success of high-speed rail in the country, Richard Arena with the Association for Public Transportation said Texas is a possible bright spot.
“You guys are not waiting for things to happen," Arena said. "You're making it happen."
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Arena said the state's strong economy and growing population make high-speed rail a more likely proposition than in other regions. But they were highly skeptical that the rail project could come together without public funding.
“My numbers say it's going to be a stretch,” Arena said. “There was a reason why all the passenger railroads went bankrupt 50 years ago. I just don't know.”
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Police in Sweden have arrested a man in connection with a shocking viral video that allegedly shows them spitting on and hitting a woman with their children.
Last Thursday morning, police report that the man, “punched and spat on a woman who stopped them from trying to steal from an elderly person.”
The incident, which took place at the Old town underground station in Stockholm, was captured on the station's CCTV. The footage was uploaded to YouTube by Swedish news website Friatider and went viral across social media.
Police gave credit for the arrest to the video going viral saying, “the man was arrested in northern Stockholm on Friday, thanks to tips received from the public.”
The clip (above), which is under a minute long, shows a dark-skinned man with a beard apparently reaching into the bag of an elderly woman in front of him. A woman next to them notices and pushes the elderly woman away from the alleged robber. The woman is then spat at, and kicked by the young man as the woman's children look on by them side.
Stockholm police have also reported that a state prosecutor has decided to prosecute the arrested man for attempted aggravated theft, assault and molestation. They have set a date for a further hearing this weekend in which the accused man will be given a public defender as per their request.
Police Chief Inspector Stefan Tellqvist told Swedish paper Aftonbladet, “we are more than 100 percent sure it's the right person,” and that the man is known to police and has a history of violent crime including attacking police with a knife. This information running counter to police reports saying they do not know the identity of the man and are working on revealing the information over the weekend.
The woman in the video also reached out to Aftonbladet describing their experience saying, “I saw their eyes, they were so angry with me. A normal reaction would have been (for him) to run away and not attack me with two children. It's super disgusting. I think of what could have happened, they could have had a knife on them and attacked me that way.”
Even through the traumatic experience the woman remained defiant, telling the paper, “I would do it again,” and said they think more people should intervene in such cases noting that in Sweden, “people are extremely bad at standing up for each other.”
Violent crime and sexual assault in Sweden has skyrocketed in the past few years. Breitbart London has reported on the rise of crime in Sweden and often the lax punishments, especially for migrants, like the teenage migrants who were let off with a slap on the wrist for a violent gang rape in November of last year.
Sweden has become the only country in Europe where grenade attacks have become common, focused around migrant populated areas like the city of Malmo.
Third World Health Aid | 04 Feb 15
TISA: Leaked document uncovers secret discussions that undermine access to health care
Press release
A secret discussion note for the Trade in Service Agreement (TISA) – leaked today by Associated Whistle-Blowing Press- uncovers that negotiators discuss reforms to the national health care systems in favour of international trade and the commercialisation of health care. This proposal, made by Turkey, has been discussed by the member states of the EU during the TISA negotiations that took place in Geneva in September 2014. We received the text through Public Services International.
There is a huge untapped potential for the globalisation of health care services
The text, entitled “A discussion note concerning the health services in the TISA negotiations”, refers to a “huge untapped potential for the globalisation of health care services”, mainly because “health care services are funded and provided by state or wellfare organizations and are of virtually no interest for foreign competitors due to a lack of market-oriented scope for activity”. The proposal points out the advantages of international trade in health services for the industry. The pet subject of the EU is that TISA will “create jobs and stimulate economic growth”.
What is striking is the ideological transition from health care as a social and public service to a market-oriented model where health becomes a commodity. After all, the focus is on opening up the health market for commercial investors. But what about our health? Because that is what it is all about in the first place, right? Is the leaked proposal compatible with ensuring the stated promise of universal access?
According to the European Commission (and also repeated in the document), “countries remain free to keep public monopolies and regulate public services as they see fit”. The TISA- agreement would only apply to the commercial segment of the healthcare market, but this will not be without consequences for the public health sector and universal access to healthcare. As a matter of fact, the existence of a commercial market for health care is a precondition for the entry of foreign investors through trade and investments agreements⁠. First of all, this increases the pressure for privatization in the health sector. Secondly, the existence of a parallel commercial healthcare market could hamper the public health sector. The biggest risk is, therefore, the creation of a two-tier health system, with high-tech specialised care for those who can afford it and basic public health care for the less well-off. This enlarges the health gap.
In the leaked text we find a specific reference to ‘medical tourism' or 'facilitating patients to find treatment abroad'. For importing countries (countries who send out the patients) there might be a risk that it becomes a reason to invest less in the public health sector and education of health workers. Contrarily to the promised revenues, resources will be drawn out of the national health systems of these countries and be injected into the foreign medical tourism industry through tax revenues and insurance premiums. For the exporting countries (countries who provide medical tourism services), often developing countries that are hoping for economic growth via medical tourism, there is a risk that the profits do not trickle down to the local population. Next to that, there is a huge risk for an ‘internal brain drain' in the developing countries, whereby the medical industry, who will take care of the foreign patients in the big cities, will entice health workers away from the public sector in the rural regions. On top of that, medical tourism services are often too expensive to afford for the local population in developing countries, which seriously hampers their access to health care.
Today there isn't enough scientific evidence on the positive impact of medical tourism on health systems and population health. There are, however, documented risks for the quality and universality of health care. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to respect the precautionary principle. No agreement that could undermine access to healthcare must be signed. Even more so because the TISA is a binding agreement and it becomes therefore difficult if not impossible to reverse any negative consequences in a later stadium.
It is unacceptable that these negotiations, affecting a fundamental part of social protection such as healthcare, take place without broad public consultation. Even more so because important risks are linked to signing this agreement. That is why we demand that the contents of the TISA negotiations are entirely made available for public debate. We call upon protest against any agreement that contains risks for public health and the public policy space for health.
Links:
Press release by CGSP Wallone and TWHA to the frenchspeaking Belgian press
Leaked document by Associated Whistle Blowing press
Analysis by Public Services International
References:
Smith, R.D., 2004. Foreign direct investment and trade in health services: a review of the literature. Social science & medicine (1982), 59(11), pp.2313–23.
Whittaker A (2008). Pleasure and pain: medical travel in Asia. Global Public Health 3(3):271-290.
Schrecker, T., Labonté, R., De Vogli, R. Globalisation and Health: the need for a global vision.
The Lancet. 2008; 372:1670- 1675.
Chen, B.Y.Y. & Flood, C.M., 2011. Medical Tourism ' s Impact on Health Care Equity and Access in Low- and Middle-Income Countries: Making the Case for Regulation. journal of law, medicine & ethics, pp.286 – 300.
Smith R, Martínez Álvarez M, and Chanda R. Medical Tourism: a review of the literature and
analysis of a role for bi-lateral trade. Health Policy 2011; 103(2–3):276-82.
JCrooks VA, Kingsbury P, Snyder J and Johnston R (2010). What is known about the effects of
medical tourism in destination and departure countries? A scoping review. International Journal for
Equity in Health 9:24
Chanda, Rupa. Trade in health services. Bulletin of the World Health Organisation. 2002, vol.80, n.2
Smith, R.D., Chanda, R. & Tangcharoensathien, V., 2009. Trade in health-related services. Lancet, 373(9663), pp.593–601.
There's a report making the rounds: Samsung's now-deceased Galaxy Note 7 may be resurrected as a refurbished model and sold in India and Vietnam. For now, though, this is just a rumor, since Samsung has said nothing to confirm the its validity. And yet, there have been rumors regarding what Samsung could do that the company denied – only to turn around and do them. Remember the Galaxy Note 7 death update that Samsung initially said it would not release but finally did some weeks later?
Tech enthusiasts have been weighing in on the idea of the refurbished Galaxy Note 7, with some supporting it and others disregarding it. The critics of this alleged rumor say that there's no need to re-release a Galaxy Note 7 (a third time) because the Galaxy Note 8 is expected to arrive in a matter just a few months. And then, there's the question of whether or not the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 will ever receive Android Nougat, future Android system updates, and security patches – and if so, for how long.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves though. Does a refurbished Galaxy Note 7 actually make sense at all? Well, it depends on whom you ask, but as weird as it may sound, there's a smartphone in existence right now that is just as weird (if not more) than a refurbished Galaxy Note 7. What is it, you ask? The new iPhone 6.
No, it's not a typo: Apple released a new iPhone 6 in Asia a few weeks ago. Now, the idea of a refurbished iPhone 6 makes sense, of course, but this new iPhone isn't a refurbished one. When Apple released the iPhone 6 back in 2014, the fruit company only released it in 16GB, 64GB, and 128GB storage configurations. Today, though, you can find a 32GB storage option mentioned on the iPhone 6 technical specifications page, a nod to the new storage configuration, newly released.
The company terminated the 32GB model two years ago and hasn't revived it, even in the most recent iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, as well as the iPhone SE that resurrected the 4-inch screen for iPhone fans who prefer smaller screens. What this means is that Apple never released a 32GB iPhone 6. But Apple released this non-existent iPhone 6 storage option some weeks ago in China and, on March 10th, at Taiwan Mobile, in a special edition Gold color option.
The new iPhone 6 has me even more puzzled because of not only the storage configuration being new, (32GB, which Apple eliminated from its lineup) but also its direct competition with the iPhone SE. The iPhone SE was released by Apple a year ago this month, March 21st, and, with a starting price tag of $399, offers better specs (such as the 12MP back camera with 4K video recording) than the new iPhone 6. Why Apple would release a two-year-old phone instead of a year-old phone (iPhone SE) for Asian customers is anyone's guess. Samsung fans would scratch their heads if Samsung decided to launch a Galaxy Note 4 (2017) model or a special UK edition of the Galaxy Note 5 (Samsung didn't release the Note 5 in the UK) to appease Galaxy Note 7 faithful who have had to surrender their favorite smartphone – no matter how budget-friendly its price tag.
The iPhone 6 was released in 2014, so Apple has returned to 2014 iPhone specs to craft a smartphone it thinks will sell well, with the right storage configuration, in a more budget-conscious market. If Samsung decided to resurrect the Galaxy Note 7 as a refurbished model, it would be returning to a smartphone that had launched in August of 2016. Whereas Apple's new iPhone 6 hails in specs from two years ago (three this Fall), Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 hails from 7 months ago and, with Android updates, would have nearly a year and a half left before reaching its End-Of-Life (EOL) phase.
In the final analysis then, regardless of how you feel about the possibility of a refurbished Galaxy Note 7, the idea of the recalled phone's rebirth doesn't seem that far-fetched due to the new iPhone 6's release. The Galaxy Note 7 is just a few months old, and Samsung has gotten to the heart of the matter behind both phone recalls. Now that the fiasco is over, Samsung can get back to its business of selling cutting-edge smartphones.
Related posts to the one you're viewing can be seen below this post along with tags that act as shortcuts to related material. If you like what you see, help Droid Turf expand by letting others know using the incorporating social buttons.
Heather Cox Richardson is a historian at Boston College with a focus on 19th-century American history. On Jan. 29, the professor turned their historical analysis on the Trump Administration and penned a post on their personal Facebook page.
The post has been shared over 70,000 times and garnered 48,000 reactions as of Tuesday afternoon.
"What Bannon is doing, most dramatically with last night's ban on immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries -- is creating what is known as a 'shock event,'" Richardson writes. "Such an event is unexpected and confusing and throws a society into chaos."
Read Richardson's full Facebook post below:
I don't like to talk about politics on Facebook-- political history is my job, after all, and you are my friends-- but there is an important non-partisan point to make today.
What Bannon is doing, most dramatically with last night's ban on immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries-- is creating what is known as a "shock event." Such an event is unexpected and confusing and throws a society into chaos. People scramble to react to the event, usually along some fault line that those responsible for the event can widen by claiming that they alone know how to restore order. When opponents speak out, the authors of the shock event call them enemies. As society reels and tempers run high, those responsible for the shock event perform a sleight of hand to achieve their real goal, a goal they know to be hugely unpopular, but from which everyone has been distracted as they fight over the initial event. There is no longer concerted opposition to the real goal; opposition divides along the partisan lines established by the shock event.
Last night's Executive Order has all the hallmarks of a shock event. It was not reviewed by any governmental agencies or lawyers before it was released, and counterterrorism experts insist they did not ask for it. People charged with enforcing it got no instructions about how to do so. Courts immediately have declared parts of it unconstitutional, but border police in some airports are refusing to stop enforcing it.
Predictably, chaos has followed and tempers are hot.
My point today is this: unless you are the person setting it up, it is in no one's interest to play the shock event game. It is designed explicitly to divide people who might otherwise come together so they cannot stand against something its authors think they won't like. I don't know what Bannon is up to-- although I have some guesses-- but because I know Bannon's ideas well, I am positive that there is not a single person whom I consider a friend on either side of the aisle-- and my friends range pretty widely-- who will benefit from whatever it is. If the shock event strategy works, though, many of you will blame each other, rather than Bannon, for the fallout. And the country will have been tricked into accepting their real goal.
But because shock events destabilize a society, they can also be used positively. We do not have to respond along old fault lines. We could just as easily reorganize into a different pattern that threatens the people who sparked the event. A successful shock event depends on speed and chaos because it requires knee-jerk reactions so that people divide along established lines. This, for example, is how Confederate leaders railroaded the initial southern states out of the Union. If people realize they are being played, though, they can reach across old lines and reorganize to challenge the leaders who are pulling the strings. This was Lincoln's strategy when they joined together Whigs, Democrats, Free-Soilers, anti-Nebraska voters, and nativists into the new Republican Party to stand against the Slave Power. Five years before, such a coalition would have been unimaginable. Members of those groups agreed on very little other than that they wanted all Americans to have equal economic opportunity. Once they began to work together to promote a fair economic system, though, they found much common ground. They ended up rededicating the nation to a "government of the people, by the people, and for the people."
Confederate leaders and Lincoln both knew about the political potential of a shock event. As we are in the midst of one, it seems worth noting that Lincoln seemed to have the better idea about how to use it.
CAMPAIGN
Holiday Treats for Beginners and More!
■ Campaign Period:
Dec. 22, 2016 12:00 a.m. to Jan. 12, 2017 11:59 p.m. (PT)
Dec. 22, 2016 8:00 to Jan. 13, 2017 7:59 (UTC)
Welcome new players! To help you get started on your journey, we've prepared a special set of bonuses that will help speed you along!
And for veteran adventurers, there's some news that will interest you as well! Read on for more details!
●Decreased Avatar Board Prices
During the campaign period, the Avatar Boards listed below will be greatly discounted!
By unlocking nodes on these boards, not only will you earn snazzy outfits, but you'll also be able to increase your maximum Keyblade cost limit to equip more powerful Medals!
See below for a list of the discounted Avatar Boards!
Board Name Normal Price Campaign Price Cheshire Cat: Ears (Male) 500 200 Cheshire Cat: Ears (Female) 500 200 Mad Hatter 1000 300 Alice 1000 300 KH Sora (Male) 1500 500 KH Sora (Female) 1500 500 KH Riku (Male) 1500 500 KH Riku (Female) 1500 500
●Triple Lux from Story Quests!
Earn three times the amount of Lux from Story Quests!
New players can use this chance to level up your character quickly, and veterans can use this chance to climb the Lux rankings!
●Get Five Free Cid 10 Medals!
In the holiday spirit, if you log in between Dec. 23, 2016 4:00 a.m. to Jan. 13, 2017 3:59 a.m. (PT) / Dec. 23, 2016 12:00 to Jan. 13, 2017 11:59 (UTC), you'll get five Cid 10 Medals as a free gift!
Use these 6★ Medals to lower your Medals' Cost value in order to equip more powerful Medals to your Keyblade!
You can never have enough free Medals, so everyone is sure to log in!
Follow us on Twitter for the latest news!
INDIANAPOLIS – The identities of three men who were shot and killed in an apartment complex on the city's north side Sunday evening have been released.
Officers with the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department were called to the 7800 block of Somerset Bay around 6 p.m. Sunday on reports of a person shot.
Police found three men with gunshot wounds inside an apartment. All three were pronounced dead on the scene.
They have been identified as Dominique Miller, 25, Jordan Wright, 25, and Justin Crowder, 19.
"I hope they find a way to make this kinda stuff like this stop. It's not just because of Justin dying. Dominique and Jordan didn't deserve this either. Nobody deserves to die like this especially at a young age," said Shevy Price, friend of Justin Crowder.
Witnesses report seeing a couple individuals get into a vehicle and flee the area following the shootings.
Officers say they believe this specific apartment was targeted and no one else in the complex is in danger.
"We do believe this was an isolated incident and we do believe this apartment building was targeted for a specific reason," said Capt. Harold Turner, IMPD.
Just arrived on scene of triple shooting in Keystone area. Somerset Bay. pic.twitter.com/1BWaaaCwPp — Matt McClellan RTV6 (@mcclellantv) July 16, 2017
Residents trying to get to their homes are blocked off by caution tape https://t.co/JmwLWQZFqo — Matt McClellan RTV6 (@mcclellantv) July 16, 2017
Police are talking to residents right now. pic.twitter.com/eCMLR9aqxg — Matt McClellan RTV6 (@mcclellantv) July 16, 2017
Resident tells me mostly college students live at this complex. We're not far from @butleru https://t.co/4bdDNScYVF — Matt McClellan RTV6 (@mcclellantv) July 16, 2017
Closer look at the scene. @IMPDnews is sending an officer shortly to brief media. pic.twitter.com/umU2nKyQy4 — Matt McClellan RTV6 (@mcclellantv) July 16, 2017
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva admits they don't know if they have a future at Anfield.
Lucas is the club's longest-serving player after arriving from Gremio in 2007, and is poised to begin their 10th season with the Reds.
However, they started just eight Premier League games since the turn of the year and was an unused substitute in the Europa League final defeat to Sevilla last month.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has already brought in one new midfielder in Marko Grujic and is also chasing Poland international Piotr Zielinski and Borussia Moenchengladbach's Mahmoud Dahoud.
Lucas has become accustomed to being linked each summer with a move away from Liverpool and was close to joining Besiktas last August until a change of heart from then-manager Brendan Rodgers.
And the 29-year-old says they will discover more when they return to Merseyside this week ahead of the squad reconvening at Melwood on Saturday to start pre-season training.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“There have been some changes last season, with the coaching change,” said the Brazilian, speaking to Radio Joven Pan.
“I still do not know exactly what will be my role within the group, but I am returning (to England) on Thursday to start the pre-season.
“It is the first transfer window in which Klopp will participate more actively in Liverpool, so I'll just get a better idea when I return.
“Whatever happens, the idea, as always, is to stay in Europe, especially in England, which has a very strong and good league to play.”
Liverpool has a plethora of central midfield options with Jordan Henderson, Emre Can, James Milner and Joe Allen all at Klopp's disposal.
However, with no European football next season, the Reds boss is considering pruning their squad with Allen in particular attracting interest from elsewhere.
Chinese site WPDang managed to interview Mr. Ren Weiguang, the president of HTC China, after the manufacturer's September 19th announcing of the very colorful Windows Phone 8X and 8S range. The interview reveals what's probably mixed news about HTC's products.
HTC won't ditch Windows Phone or Android. The company adopted Windows Phone before it was mature, and won't abandon Android when things are starting to go sour along that path.
HTC Titan, the company's only Windows Phone legally released in China, has sold "not very well", but "as we expected". With this I totally agree. When you sell a device only in a selected few channels and don't advertise about it, this is to be expected all right...
Beats Audio was brought to Android devices with dedicated audio chips. But on Windows Phone (both 8S and 8X), it was implemented through software enhancement, because Microsoft doesn't allow the manufacturer to alter the standard circuit design. This sounds a bit cheap. Not sure how the audio performance of 8S and 8X will be, when pitched against their Android counterparts, although the addition of an amplifier in the 8X may help.
As you've found out, HTC indeed is considering colors a key differentiator. Outside the default choices, there might be new "carrier-exclusive" color patterns too. According to WPDang's informant, HTC's 8S has got unique colors to all three Chinese carriers: red for China Mobile, blue for China Unicom, and grey+yellow combo for China Telecom.
Besides 8S and 8X, HTC is working on a phone with "even bigger screen" right this moment. This could be the previously rumored quad-core device "Zenith". In another post, WPDang speculated the potential mother of all Windows Phone 8 devices will hit the market by the very end of 2012, or early 2013.
I can't help but wonder though... If adding an audio chip alters the circuit beyond Microsoft's limit, how about Nokia? The Finnish company threw a whole optical image stablization system, complete with specially designed hardware and customized driver, into the Lumia 920. Does that mean Microsoft is granting Nokia power beyond power, allowing it to manipulate Windows Phone (the OS and specifications) in any technical fashion it likes?
Does HTC's repeated statement about "we have invented a thoroughly sound marketing strategy together with Microsoft" (dead curious about what exactly it is) mean Redmond is trying to compensate the "unfair effect" from Nokia's especially favorable treatment? If Nokia gets all the technical power, and HTC the full marketing support and naming privilege ("Windows Phone 8 series" running on Windows Phone 8 OS), then what's left for other Windows Phone manufacturers?
What about guys like ZTE and Huawei, who typically won't move until they have a clear path and objective? And Samsung, the company left in the cold with an Ativ S whose screen couldn't be lit up?
So... what do you make of the interview? Do you feel colors as a selling proposition convincing enough? Are you excited about the "even bigger" thing yet to come? Let us know in the comment field.
Sauce: WPDang (1), WPDang (2)
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
“It has always been an issue here,” Spence said Sunday.
Churchill Mayor Mike Spence said the latest capture by provincial conservation officers of a pair of orphaned polar bear cubs, each about 11 months old and from different mothers, has them and townsfolk believing there has to be a better way of saving the animals.
The town's mayor has told the province they don't want captured bears automatically sent to Winnipeg anymore.
The town of Churchill is known as the polar bear capital of the world and it wants to keep more of them there.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 4/12/2017 (449 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 4/12/2017 (449 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The town of Churchill is known as the polar bear capital of the world and it wants to keep more of them there.
The town's mayor has told the province they don't want captured bears automatically sent to Winnipeg anymore.
Churchill Mayor Mike Spence said the latest capture by provincial conservation officers of a pair of orphaned polar bear cubs, each about 11 months old and from different mothers, has them and townsfolk believing there has to be a better way of saving the animals.
"It has always been an issue here," Spence said Sunday.
"Polar bears are a critical part of the community. But once you have taken them out of the population, that's it. They're gone. I've told the minister we want to sit down and talk.
"We want to get more research on polar bears. We need to do things differently. We can't just continue to do nothing other than ship them off to zoos."
Spence said the research could include putting tracking devices on cubs and bears to see where they go. It could also include creating a facility that would allow the bears to someday be reintroduced into the wild.
"We need to do something more than just saying, ‘Another bear gone to the zoo,'" they said.
"We don't accept sending cubs to captivity is the answer."
The bears are set to be sent to the Assiniboine Park Zoo's Leatherdale International Polar Bear Conservation Centre.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Sustainable Development Minister Rochelle Squires said in a statement that based on the current research on polar bears, the scientists know what would likely happen to orphaned cubs left in the wild.
"The unfortunate reality is that young cubs have very little chance of survival without their mother," Squires said.
"Without a female to protect them, cubs are highly vulnerable to natural predators and also to the significant risk of starvation. Polar bear cubs depend on their mothers until they are about 2 1/2 years of age, by which time they've grown and learned to hunt for their own food.
"Polar bears truly are irreplaceable and we consider them a jewel for the community of Churchill. For that reason, we will continue to devote resources to managing polar bears in the area and producing new research that supports their sustainability. While the Department of Sustainable Development is keenly focused on ensuring their survival, our government is committed to working collaboratively with the community to determine the future of these orphaned polar bears cubs."
kevin.rollason@freepress.mb.ca
US Secretary of State John Kerry said that the level and type of Russian aircraft in Syria represents "force protection."
© AP Photo / Pool photo via AP US Ready for 'Immediate Discussions' With Russia on Syria - Kerry
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Increased number of Russian aircraft in Syria represents force protection in the region, US Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday.
“They [Russia] have increased aircraft…[which] could raise some questions, but for the moment, it is the judgement of our military and most experts that the level and type represents basically force protection,” Kerry said.
On Monday, unnamed US officials claimed four Su-30 fighter jets were flown to Syria's Latakia airfield on Friday, with an additional 12 Su-25 and 12 Su-24 attack aircraft joining them over the weekend, according to media reports.
© AFP 2018 / PHILIPP KIREEV Syrian Opposition to Hold Conference in Kazakh Capital on October 2-4
US media reported that ground forces now included more than 500 Russian servicemen, as well as 36 personnel carriers, nine tanks and two air defense missiles systems.
Secretary Kerry added that increased Russian aircraft in Syria is "not a challenge to our [US] influence or to our presence."
Kerry announced on Sunday that they would meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov to discuss the situation in Syria within the framework of the 70th UN General Assembly in New York.
LONDON (Reuters) - Stephen Hawking, the British cosmologist who urged people to “be curious” in the Paralympics opening ceremony, has landed the richest prize in science for their work on how black holes emit radiation.
British physicist Stephen Hawking sits at their desk in the Applied Mathematics Department of Cambridge University August 30, 2012. REUTERS/Guillermo Granja/Vice Presidency of Ecuador/Handout
Wheelchair-bound Hawking won $3 million from Russian Internet entrepreneur Yuri Milner, who set up their prize this year to address what they regard as a lack of recognition in the modern world for leading scientists.
Alongside Hawking, a second $3 million award has gone to the scientists behind the discovery this year of a new subatomic particle that behaves like the theoretical Higgs boson, imagined almost half a century ago and responsible for bestowing mass on other fundamental particles.
The scale of the awards from the Milner foundation - and being able to give them to multiple recipients for huge projects - could, over time, see them compete in prestige terms with the annual Nobel prizes.
The Nobel committee has had to scale back the size of its awards in line with the performance of the investments which support it. Each prize is now worth $1.2 million, down from about $1.5 million in recent years.
Diagnosed with motor neurone disease at the age of 21 and told in 1963 they had two years to live, Hawking, now 70, has become one of the world's most recognizable scientists after guest appearances on The Simpsons and on Star Trek.
At the opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games in London in August, speaking through their computerized voice system, they said: “Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Be curious.”
They were awarded the Special Fundamental Physics prize for what the committee called their “deep contributions to quantum gravity and quantum aspects of the early universe” as well has their discovery that black holes emit radiation.
“No one undertakes research in physics with the intention of winning a prize. It is the joy of discovering something no one knew before,” Hawking said in comments emailed to Reuters.
“Nevertheless prizes like these prizes play an important role in giving public recognition for achievement in physics.”
Hawking said they planned to use the money to help their daughter with their autistic son and may buy a holiday home.
HIGGS DISCOVERY
They share the limelight with leaders of the project to build and run the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) particle accelerator at the CERN research center near Geneva, which led to the discovery of the particle that is thought to be the boson imagined by theorist Peter Higgs in 1964.
In the Standard Model, which governs scientific understanding of the basic make-up of the universe, the Higgs boson gives mass to other fundamental particles.
But in the half century before scientists at CERN started smashing particles together in the LHC and studying the results, it sat in the realm of theory.
Although the work of building the LHC and running experiments in the particle accelerator involved thousands of scientists and engineers, the prize has been awarded to past and present team leaders.
The winners include the head of the LHC Lyn Evans, and the two spokespeople, Fabiola Gianotti and Joe Incandela, who presented the discovery to applause and cheers from the gathered physicists at CERN earlier this year.
Michel Della Negra, another prize-winner who for 15 years from 1990 led a team that built one of the two giant detectors used to find the Higgs, said the award was a big surprise.
“I didn't even know the prize existed,” they told Reuters.
Della Negra receives $250,000 because the $3 million is to be split three ways between Evans, and the two teams working on the Atlas and CMS detectors. Two leaders of the Atlas team will get $500,000 each while the four from CMS get $250,000 apiece.
Gianotti and Incandela both plan to put their prize money back into science.
“We have 3,000 people from 38 countries in the Atlas collaboration, so the money will be used for helping young scientists who need financial support,” Gianotti said.
Because the Nobel rules allow a maximum of three people to share one prize, some scientists argue they are out of touch with the large-scale collaborations that are a feature of much modern research.
Milner's new prize is more flexible, significantly more lucrative.
“I'm really impressed,” said Incandela. “They are trying to modernize the way prizes are done.”
A district court halted the amendment of the Illinois Healthcare Right of Conscience Act Wednesday that would force doctors to participate in promoting abortions, no matter their religion or beliefs.
“The government is out of line when it attempts to force Americans to communicate a message that is contrary to their most deeply held beliefs," said Elissa Graves, Alliance Defending Freedom Legal Counsel.
ADF attorneys say the law violates the Constitution, as it disregards physicians' religious convictions. The amendment was challenged by a lawsuit issued by the ADF and attorneys, who represent pregnancy care centers and network, as well as a doctor.
“It is clear that the amended act targets the free speech rights of people who have a specific viewpoint,” U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois stated.
The order also states, “plaintiffs have demonstrated a better than negligible chance of succeeding in showing that the amended act discriminates based on their viewpoint by compelling them to tell their patients that abortion is a legal treatment option, which has benefits, and, at a minimum and upon request, to give their patients the identifying information of providers who will perform an abortion."
SB 1564 requires that doctors, as well as medical and pregnancy facilities to offer women a list of abortion information and resources if they ask for it.
Thomas A. Glessner, President of National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, said, “We applaud this ruling that stops the state of Illinois from forcing pro-life pregnancy medical clinics to become abortion referral agencies.”
The order ruling against the amendment also allows women to choose a pro-life doctor without being obligated to discuss abortion.
Graves continued, "...the state shouldn't be robbing women of the freedom to choose a pro-life doctor by mandating that pro-life physicians and entities make or arrange abortion referrals. The court was right to halt enforcement of this law while our lawsuit proceeds.”
Yes, the rumors are true! The gadget database and website launched by Engadget founder Peter Rojas and founding editor Ryan Block, gdgt, has been purchased by our parent company, Aol. On gdgt's blog, Block explains that the site will bring its community and core technologies to web properties like, erm, this one -- in addition to its comprehensive product database, which we've been embedding since 2011. It'll also team up with Engadget on live events throughout the year, which means more gadget-filled fests in cities like Austin, Boston and San Diego, along with the usual suspects, such as our inaugural Expand conference in March. We'll have plenty more details to fill you in on later today, but you can hit up the post at our source link to see what we're able to share right now. Let's give Peter, Ryan and the rest of the gdgt team a warm Engadget welcome!
Dear Gifter First off: sorry for the bad pun. I'm not good with titles :P
HOW DID YOU KNOW? I absolutely ADORE hot chocolate! Arriving on a Friday was perfect timing, and the thought of coming home to chocolate and tea was what kept me going all day, working hard to meet the deadline for our university project. I love the smell of the tea (and tea in general!), and my boyfriend says they can't wait to try it either!
My favourite part about the gift, though, is the bar of chocolate. It feels so compact and heavy, and the wrapping paper is luxurious to the touch. It's amazing, and on one hand I can't wait to taste it, on the other I almost feel bad opening it, because it's just so awesome!!
The chocolate "spoons" are great, I've tried one before and I think it's a super cool idea. So thank you very very much, dear gifter, I couldn't have asked for more!
It's almost Football Time in Tennessee. The folks on Rocky Top are anxious with anticipation as the Volunteers are preparing to open their season in a matter of days in Nashville against the Bowling Green Falcons. Hailing from the Mid-American Conference, Bowling Green is not a team to be taken lightly. The Falcons are coming off a 8-5 season and will provide the Vols plenty of challenges. Bowling Green has a dynamic offensive scheme and this post aims to break it down so that fans will know what to expect from the Falcons on Saturday.
SCHEME
Bowling Green's offense is stylistically very similar to Baylor's under head coach Art Briles. Before getting their first head coaching gig at Eastern Illinois, Babers spent four years as a Briles assistant in Waco.
The first thing to note about this dynamic scheme is the speed and pace at which the Falcons play. Bowling Green finished as the third fastest team in the nation in 2014, running a play every 18.6 seconds.
Briles has said, “The biggest thing in the success of our offense is the tempo at which we played. I want to be the fastest team in America as far as the number of times we snap the ball.”
Bowling Green will want to put the Volunteers' defense on its heels early and often by running plays at a very fast tempo. Tennessee's depth on defense will be key, as they will likely be rotating through the entire 2 deep to stay fresh and to get younger players experience in the first game of the year.
The second thing for Tennessee to be aware of is the wide splits that the Falcons employ with their receivers. A formation like this is the norm for Bowling Green.
Just like Baylor, the Falcons will split their receivers past the numbers, truly spreading the defense. This does two important things. First, it restricts the defense to man coverage. The receivers are so wide that the defense's only response in man to man coverage. This leaves corners spread out and on an island. Even if a defense calls for zone, it essentially looks like man coverage because the field is so spread out that extra zone defenders aren't in place to help. The hope is that Bowling Green's receivers can win their one on one matchups.
Here's an example. In one of the biggest pays of the year, South Alabama countered the Falcons spread look with a coverage called quarters. This coverage is designed so that the safety and corner work in tandem to defend any deep passes. Here, Bowling Green is spread so wide that the safety is essentially left one-on-one versus a slot receiver, who speeds past them for the game winning touchdown (Note: This is a matchup Babers loves – a speedy slot receiver going deep versus a safety).
(Skip to 2:23:20)
Second, the wide splits clear out the box for the run game. The offense must either commit defenders outside to defend receivers, or inside to defend the run. With the receivers so wide, it is nearly impossible for one defender to do both. This gives the quarterback a clear picture of where their best matchup is on a given play. If the defenders cover the receivers, the quarterback can hand off for an inside run. If the safeties and nickel backs cheat inside, then the quarterback can pull the ball and throw a quick screen to their uncovered slot receiver.
Here is another example from the bowl game. The receivers are so spread out that the box is left wide open, and the Falcons end up in the end zone. The safeties and linebackers are concerned about the receiver screen and fail to defend the inside run.
(Skip to 1:42:25)
These two plays illustrate what Bowling Green really wants to do on offense. They will call a lot of inside run plays packaged with quick passes outside, and also will attempt to stretch the field vertically and throw over the top.
TALENT
So how does Bowling Green stack up talent wise? They return almost their entire offense from 2014, only losing three players from their 2 deep. Quarterback Matt Johnson started 13 games in 2013 and started the season opener last year, but was lost for the season with a hip injury. Johnson will likely provide an upgrade over last year's starter, James Knapke. Johnson is much more efficient, completing 64.2% of their passes in 2014 with a 25-7 TD-INT ratio. Both quarterbacks can do damage on the ground as well. Johnson is expected to start, but Knapke provides a proven commodity as the number two.
Receiver is one of the deepest positions on the team, as all four starters return, boasting nice stats. Roger Lewis was the star as a first-year student with 73 receptions, 1093 yards and 7 touchdowns while Ryan Burbrink (64-758-3), Ronnie Moore (56-690-5), and Gehrig Dieter (35-460-1) also threaten the defense. The Falcons also add Chris Gallon, a 2013 starter who missed last season with an injury, and Robbie Rhodes, a former 247Sports 5-star recruit who is transferring from Baylor.
Bowling Green also returns their top three backs from last season, led by starter Travis Greene. He, along with backups Fred Coppet and Andre Givens combined for 2192 yards last season with an impressive average of 5.2 yards per carry.
The offensive line returns all five starters and 125 career starts. They are headlined by right guard Alex Huettel and their 41 career starts.
VOLS RESPONSE
So how will Tennessee attack this scheme? My guess is a lot of man coverage. Cover 1 (not familiar with Cover 1? Read more here.) on early downs so the Vols can have numbers in the box, and Cover 2 Man Under in passing situations to provide safety help.
Jancek should feel very good about how their talent matches up with the Falcons. Tennessee will have favorable matchups up front with their defensive linemen versus Bowling Green's offensive line. The Vols believe they can get pressure with their front four, and especially on the edge with Derek Barnett and Curt Maggitt. We probably won't see as much blitzing as Jancek is used too because it will be harder to disguise with the wide splits.
Tennessee won't be too worried about the Falcons' passing attack because they trust their corners. Cameron Sutton and Emmanuel Moseley are good players who can handle Bowling Green's best options on the outside. The bigger concern is the Falcons slot receivers versus the Volunteers safeties and nickel backs, two positions that have been recently hurt by injuries. Nickel back Malik Foreman can expect to be tested early and often. Versus the Falcons spread offense, either they or Micah Abernathy, the next option at nickel, will likely be on the field for the entire game.
From a personnel standpoint, expect Jancek to rotate their defenders freely. They have already spoken about how they want to use more of their depth this season, and an early season MAC game is a great time to get younger players experience. Guys like Darrin Kirkland Jr., Kyle Phillips, Shy Tuttle, Kahlil McKenzie, Micah Abernathy, and Evan Berry can expect to see the field a lot.
As often as they throw deep, the Falcons will inevitably hit some long passes, but the Vols trust that their defenders can win most of the one-on-one matchups and control the game. As Baylor has proved, this offensive style can be dynamic when the offense has talent equal to or better than the opponent. In the MAC, Bowling Green will likely do lots of damage under Babers. However, in this matchup Bowling Green is overmatched and will likely struggle to find openings in the Volunteers' defense.
Advertisements
Wildlife officials say another mystery monkey bit a woman in 2012 during an "unprovoked attack."
APOLLO BEACH, Fla. - Officials continue to search for a monkey believed to be breaking into cars in a Tampa Bay neighborhood.
[READ: Teen: Make plus-size Disney princess | 'One Ring' scam targets cellphone users]
MyFoxTampaBay.com reports a rhesus macaque has been spotted wandering the Mirabay neighborhood in Apollo Beach.
The animal is believed to be breaking into cars and disturbing things inside, although nothing has been taken.
No injuries have been reported since the primate has been on the loose, but neighbors say they want it captured safely and moved elsewhere.
[SEE THESE? Scary-real tattoos | Tattoo spell check | Fla. mug shots | Family fright photos]
Watch Local 6 News and stay with ClickOrlando.com for more on this story.
Copyright 2014 by ClickOrlando.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Raiders take their big body wide receiver with their fifth round compensatory pick-Arizona wide receiver Juron Criner. Criner was projected to go anywhere from the third to the sixth round. They fell mainly due to a relatively poor 40-yard dash time of 4.68.
 They are a type of receiver the Raiders need. Here is what I said about Criner in my Raider draft radar series:
Criner is a real wildcard in this draft. There are some who see them as going as high as round three. But the latest indications are that they will slip into round six. And if they do, they would be absolutely worth taking a chance on. At 6-3, 224, they have great size. They have also shown they have the strength and hands to have success at the NFL level. The primary cause for their drop in stock was their 4.68 40-yard dash. They worked out of a spread offense at Arizona which has caused some concern how their college success will translate to the pros. But they have been lined up outside, in the slot, and put in motion which would suggest they can do whatever a team would like them to do. Their skill set would be a valuable asset to the Raiders' offense.
Criner had 82 catches for 1233 yards as a junior in 2010. Some thought they would leave for the NFL at that time but they opted to stay for another year. They took a slight step back as a senior although they still had good numbers at 75 catches for 956 yards. Although they missed some time with an appendicitis. Both seasons, they earned All Pac-12 second team honors.
This week we were taken by a Japanese friend to dine at Sushiro / スシロー, one of Japan's heavy hitters in the sushi train chain ... game. We included it in our Weekly Expense series here.
Normally our friend would turn their nose up at the prospect of 100 yen sushi, but apparently Sushiro does something better than other such fish on rice for 100 yen operations. To be brutally honest, we haven't a clue what that is, and furthermore, probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference between 100 yen sushi or the 30,000 yen menus that graced the palate of Barack Obama at Sukiyabashi Jiro in Tokyo.
We do know when the boundaries start being pushed and sushi stops being sushi, and becomes a bit of something else lumped atop a bite-sized ball of rice. Our friend wouldn't touch em, so we did. Let's call the following Western Style Sushi, for want of a better term
Meatball (ミートボール)
From the 軍艦・巻物 (gunkan / makimono) menu
I reckon my dad would like this. Blunt working class balls of meat, but with a seaweed wrapping to add a flavoring of The East. Personally, it was a bit heavy, and I like my meatballs with a bit more heat.
Dolce Pork Grilled Bacon (ドルチェポルコ炙りベーコン）aka, bacon!
Comedian Louis CK once made a joke about life being so great because you get to eat bacon. Or maybe they aren't joking. I'm not sure how the locals feel about this interpretation of their beloved cuisine, though. Maybe they struggle to see the funny side. Or the tasty side. Still, it is on the menu, so there must be some demand for it. Nicer than the meatballs.
Grilled Salmon with Basil Cheese (炙りサーモンバジルチーズ)
For those that like their fish ... cooked, and with something to take away the taste of fish. Worked well, I thought, although the cheese/basil combo is a little weighty if you're trying to squeeze in the plates. There's a shrimp version, too.
Shrimp/Avocado (エビアボカト）
A nice halfway house this one. The raw fish component is there in the form of the shrimp but it's buried beneath the heavy comfort of avocado, onion and a tonne of mayonnaise.
Sushi Dog (すしドッグ)
A limited time only menu. Perhaps a good thing as the combination of rice, seaweed and weener didn't really get on for us. Still, one has to take some delight in what must be the most bare-faced deformation of sushi character, so to speak. Fun to roll up though! We've included pictures to help.
Honorable mentions should go out to the Grilled Chicken Steak (若鶏グリルステーキ), Corn (コーン).
All of the above dishes are 100 yen (plus tax) apiece.
Getting served at Sushiro is simple enough. Take a ticket from the automated machines and wait to be seated. The touch-screen menus have an English option if you want to make orders, otherwise just pick something off the track. If you do order, a little tune will play when your dish approaches. When you're done, wait staff will come over to 'measure' how many dishes you've consumed. Pay your bill at the door. The tea is free. If you're wondering where the wasabi is, it comes around the track in little packets. Help yourself.
Let us know what Western Style Sushi you've spotted in Japan
For more about the cost of sushi in Japan ...
How Much Does Sushi in Japan Cost?
Link: Sushiro
Twitter: City_Cost_Japan
Facebook
Model simulation of temperature difference from normal at an altitude of about 5,000 feet between Tuesday and Sunday.(WeatherBell.com)
In recent days, some of the coldest March air in decades has gripped portions of Alaska and the Canadian Arctic. Fragments of that frigid air will come crashing into the eastern United States on Friday and into the weekend.
The air spilling into the Great Lakes, Northeast and Mid-Atlantic may not fall to record levels, but it could bring the coldest weather to parts of the region since January.
Its pedigree is impressive.
On Saturday, Mould Bay in the Canadian Arctic set an all-time record low of minus-66.5 degrees (minus-54.7 Celsius).
Then on Monday, Fairbanks, Alaska, saw its temperature plummet to minus-38, the coldest temperature this late in the season since 1964, according to climatologist Brian Brettschneider.
Meteorologist Ryan Maue tweeted that temperatures in the Canadian Arctic's lower atmosphere challenged the coldest levels observed in March since at least 1958.
GFS forecast is even colder in next 24-hours at -47°C at 850-hPa, coldest globally for month of March since at least 1958. pic.twitter.com/Mj7CgmjdEf — Ryan Maue (@RyanMaue) March 6, 2017
The extreme cold was because of the unusual strength of the polar vortex swirling over the region.
Tentacles of that vortex will dislodge and slap the Great Lakes, Northeast and Mid-Atlantic with a stinging round of March cold between Friday and the weekend.
Model simulation of flow of air at very high altitudes between Tuesday and Sunday. (WeatherBell.com)
“You can say little puffs [of cold] come down, elongate and spread out,” Maue said.
Between Friday evening and Monday morning, much of the region will experience temperatures 10 to 20 degrees below normal.
The core of the cold will consume the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast on Saturday and Sunday mornings. Low temperatures in the interior portions of the New England will dip into the single digits, while coastal areas fall to the teens. In the Mid-Atlantic, widespread lows in the 20s are likely.
Low temperature forecast on Sunday morning from GFS model.
Afternoon highs both weekend days will only be in the teens and 20s in New England, and 30s in the Mid-Atlantic.
Forecast high temperatures on Saturday from GFS model.
The air will be so cold that it is likely to suppress the storm track into the Deep South, and snow will be possible over the lower Mid-Atlantic, including parts of North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland.
[Snow possible as cold air settles in this weekend in D.C. area, but storm could miss to the south]
As much of this region experienced record warmth in February and flowers have begun to bloom, these bitter cold temperatures could cause damage to sensitive species.
Colder-than-normal weather is forecast to persist in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast well into next week.
Chelsea has an unexpected rival in the battle to sign young Brazilian Talisca. Jose Mourinho had marked out Talisca as the footballer to watch in Portugal this season and they were certainly correct in that claim as the 20 year old took the league by storm. Mourinho had also said that if hadn't been for work permit issues then Talisca would be in the Premier League. That meant piles of transfer rumours and Chelsea regularly having their representatives check up on Talisca only adds fuel to the fire.
The Premier League club had someone watch Talisca at the weekend and Portuguese newspaper O Jogo said that was part of Chelsea's efforts to sign the player in january, and then likely loan them back to Benfica for at least the rest of the current season. Talisca has a buyout clause of €45m but Chelsea would expect a significant discount on that and there could be truth that they're eyeing a january deal, which would give Benfica a cash boost - just as with Nemanja matic a year earlier.
However, on Tuesday O Jogo say there's now competition. french club Marseille also had someone watch Talisca at the weekend and reports in the French suggest there's much interest from the club who Marcelo Bielsa currently manages. Marseille are having a great season in Ligue 1 and will be aware they need to back Bielsa or risk trouble in paradise.
Marseille may be keen on Talisca but they wouldn't be able to get near Chelsea's financial pull on either transfer fee or wages. Furthermore the French club wouldn't really be considered a step up on Benfica. If it comes to a battle, there's little doubt Mourinho will win.
[oldembed src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RbvckXMHrNU?rel=0" width="425" height="300" resize="1" fid="21"]
This is where having a one-percenter running for president really begins to show the differences. Willard is saying they would replace Obamacare with a law that would make sure those with preexisting conditions can still get coverage. He's apparently unaware we already have such a law (HIPAA), which permits you to lose or change jobs without jeopardizing your ability to maintain coverage, because he's never lived in that world and seems to have paid little or no attention to how the rest of us live.
So he's offering to fix something that doesn't need fixing. The problem is not keeping the coverage: The problem is the cost of the coverage, which insurers are free to jack into the stratosphere on the basis of your preexisting condition. "What's the big deal, can't you just write a check?" Just another example of what it's like to live on Mt. Olympus:
The rumor mill seems to churn mercilessly when the search is on for a new Doctor Who - and it sounds like this guy is at the top of the list, at least at the moment.
Actor Daniel Rigby, 30, is rumored to be a leading contender to replace Matt Smith as the next Doctor following their regeneration in the upcoming Christmas special.
Rigby has an acclaimed but under-the-radar career, having won a BAFTA for their role in Eric and Ernie (beating out Matt Smith and Benedict Cumberbatch, ironically enough), and has had some supporting roles in Spooks, Ideal and Lilies.
They also have some theater experience, with roles in Hamlet, Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
This latest report comes via Bleeding Cool, a site with a solid record of tracking the latest buzz in the Who-verse. So even if Rigby doesn't end up getting the gig — it's likely he's at least in the running at the moment.
Do you think he'd be a good fit, or do you hope showrunner Steven Moffat will go in a different direction to fill the TARDIS?
(Via Bleeding Cool)
Tim Hasselbeck discusses Adrian Peterson's first game back with the Vikings, in which they rushed for 31 yards. (1:09)
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Adrian Peterson's long-awaited return to the NFL came Monday night, 53 weeks after they last suited up for the Minnesota Vikings. Their first big day back with the team will have to wait at least another week.
Editor's Picks Goessling: Peterson returns in lackluster form Whether it was rust, a rickety offensive line or the 49ers controlling time of possession, Adrian Peterson's return to the NFL fell far short of expectations, Ben Goessling writes.
49ers' frenzied defense puts the squeeze on Vikings The 49ers racked up five sacks by five different players and held All-Pro Vikings running back Adrian Peterson to 31 yards on 10 carries. 1 Related
Peterson carried just 10 times for 31 yards in the Vikings' 20-3 loss to the San Francisco 49ers on Monday night, as a grinding 49ers offense kept the Vikings off the field and Minnesota's makeshift offensive line created little room for Peterson to run.
"It felt good to get out there, play some football, take some hits," Peterson said. "But [it was] definitely embarrassing to perform the way we did."
Peterson, 30, didn't touch the ball until the second drive of the game, as the Vikings threw on their first three plays.
Asked whether they thought he'd get the ball on the first series, Peterson said, "I don't know. I assumed at least one carry.
"I don't question Coach Turner," they said, referring to offensive coordinator Norv Turner. "He's been doing it for a long time. I trust him. I got the ball a couple of times in the second series. It is what it is."
Peterson's Struggles Continue Against 49ers Adrian Peterson is averaging 51.3 rushing yards per game in four starts against the 49ers, well below their average against the rest of the league.
Adrian Peterson Career Rushing Category vs. SF vs. Rest Of League Yds. per game 51.3 99.2 Yds. per rush 3.0 5.0 Yds. before contact 1.7 3.3 -- ESPN Stats & Information
Peterson carried the ball just four times for 14 yards in the first half, sitting out the final two series of the second quarter as Jerick McKinnon and Matt Asiata spelled him. While Peterson posted a 9-yard run on the Vikings' first series in the third quarter, it turned out to be their longest of the night.
Peterson's 31 yards tied for the eighth fewest of their career.
It was the fourth time Peterson found little success against the 49ers, who had held them to 3 yards per carry in three meetings before Monday. That yards-per-carry average was the lowest Peterson had posted against any team in their career, and their numbers Monday night didn't do much to help their case.
Peterson was almost more effective as a wide receiver than they were as a ball carrier; they caught three passes for 21 yards, gaining 17 yards on one first-half reception. The Vikings wanted to get Peterson more involved in their passing game, both to create some explosive plays for them and to limit their exposure to contact. They seemed to be on board with the plan Monday night.
Vikings running back Adrian Peterson had just 10 carries for 31 rushing yards in their return to NFL action. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
"I feel like I left one out there on a screen," Peterson said. "But it felt good catching the ball and not dodging guys immediately."
Peterson will play their first home game in 21 months Sunday, when the Vikings face the Detroit Lions in their home opener. While the Lions lost Ndamukong Suh and Nick Fairley in the offseason, they had the league's top-ranked run defense last year and added Haloti Ngata to the group. San Diego needed 30 carries to gain 95 yards against the Lions on Sunday.
The Vikings will have to do more for Peterson to get going at TCF Bank Stadium on Sunday.
"He looked all right to me," coach Mike Zimmer said after Monday's game. "He didn't have many holes [to run through]."
Hey guys, Like you already know the PoGo app doesn't work. The reason for that is that Niantic updated their server. The update ruined the API, the requests are now cryptographically signed. The latest update was forced so the app could read it.
Does this mean that it is over? No, the makers of the API are looking in to this, it is not sure if they can fix it.
What do you say? Is it over in your opinion? Sadly, yes. I dont think that the API creators will be able to decrypt it and if they will be able to get it to work, Niantic will probably add more encryptions. This is probably one of the don't know how many encryptions they will add.
We have to wait till the API creators have more news, I will keep you updated.
PoliZette Shock: Google Now Determines Result of a Quarter of Elections Worldwide, Researcher Says While Congress focuses on 'fake news' and Facebook ads, experts point to the influence of the top search engine
Congress this week zeroed in on “fake news” and ads produced by Russians, but one expert contends this is a sideshow compared to the much more significant threat to American democracy — the awesome power of search engines.
“The attention being paid right now to advertising and fake news stories — this is a red herring,” said Robert Epstein, senior research psychologist of the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology. “That's not the kind of influence we should be worrying about.”
Advertisement
[lz_ndn video=33198113]
Epstein, who since 2013 has been researching the way Google selects and ranks websites based on search words entered by internet users, said the evidence is compelling that the search platform is biased in favor of Democratic candidates.
To measure the power of Google, Epstein and their group have run a number of experiments in the United States and India, in which undecided voters run searches for information about candidates. The elections and candidates were real, as were the results and links spit out by Google. The only difference is that researchers altered the order of search results for the test groups.
The results are nothing short of stunning, Epstein said. They said Google has the power to shift 20 percent of undecided voters to one candidate or another simply by controlling which information pops up in a search result. They estimated that Google now determines the outcome of about a quarter of national elections around the world.
And the insidious part, they added, is that almost none of the test subjects had any suspicion that the results they saw had been manipulated in any way.
“We don't see the strings,” Epstein said. “We don't see the puppet master. But we are certainly in their hands.”
Advertisement
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) raised concerns over the power of Google at a hearing Tuesday before a subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee. They cited their personal experience as a presidential candidate.
A 2015 study, Cruz said, analyzed Google search results of 16 contenders for the Democratic or Republican nominations. Searches returned five positive results about Democrat Hillary Clinton and one negative link. Sen. Bernie Sanders had nine positive results; none was negative.
President Donald Trump's results had four positive stories and three negative. Cruz noted that their search results produced no positive stories.
Among all Democratic contenders, searches averaged seven favorable stories among the top 10 results. Republicans averaged only 5.9 positive stories.
Facebook Under Fire
Facebook came under fire last year after it acknowledged that news stories appearing in users' feeds were not the result of an automated system calculating the most popular sites but rather the choices made by company employees. Conservatives complained that those curators consistently downgraded conservative news sites, and the company promised to review its practices.
Cruz also noted that Twitter recently blocked a campaign launch video of Tennessee gubernatorial candidate Diane Black because of a negative reference to Planned Parenthood.
“It is disconcerting if … political positions become a lens through which American consumers consume news,” they said.
Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) put it more sharply. They told the company executives that their firms do good things. “But your power sometimes scares me,” they said.
The authors of the study Cruz referenced concluded that there were complicated reasons for the disparity between the search results for Republicans and Democrats. Candidates like Sanders, for instance, benefited from strong social media operations. Several of the results for the progressive senator from Vermont were their own campaign platforms.
“We didn't find any evidence of manipulation on Google's part,” said Sean Mussenden, a lecturer in digital media at the University of Maryland's Merrill College of Journalism and one of the study's authors. “We were being more descriptive of what we found.”
But even if Google employees were not intentionally rigging its algorithms to favor Democrats, the study urged the company to take steps to rein in how its search engine operates.
“I think we should be concerned about the role gatekeepers of information play,” Mussenden told LifeZette.
Advertisement
As with Google, Epstein said, Facebook has tremendous potential power. They cited research published in 2012 by Facebook, itself, pointing to the impact of get-out-the-vote messages. Facebook sent reminders to vote just before the 2010 election to 60 million users and boosted turnout by 340,000 compared to a control group that did not get the messages.
‘No One Can Stop It'
Accounting for the much higher number of people who participate in presidential elections, Epstein estimated that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg could — with the push of a button — have delivered an additional 700,000 votes to Clinton simply by reminding their supporters to vote while ignoring Trump's supporters.
Or, Epstein added, Facebook could have had an even bigger impact by sending messages over a period of months to Clinton supporters — but not Trump supporters — urging them to register to vote.
“No one can stop it, and there's no record of it,” they said. “They're the kind of influence we should be frightened about.”
For its part, Facebook claims neutrality. The company's general counsel, Colin Stretch, testified at the hearing that within certain guidelines, “We do not in any way discriminate based on viewpoint or ideology.”
[lz_related_box id=”857704″]
Advertisement
Epstein told LifeZette that as powerful as Facebook is, though, it pales next to the massive influence Google has by controlling what people read. They said half of clicks come from the top two search items, and 90 percent come from links on the first page of search results.
Next to that, Russia-generated tweets and Facebook posts seem like small potatoes, Epstein said.
“I don't think it's that many votes … Fake news stories and Facebook ads are traditional forms of influence,” they said. “They're just like billboards.”
Not only did the ads and fake news stories make up such a tiny percentage of the political material distributed in 2016, but it can also be seen and countered with opposing messages, Epstein said.
But deciding which stories voters see and which ones they don't give Google influence that is “invisible and non-competitive,” they said.
“Not only can you not stop them — you can't even see that they're doing it,” they said.
Advertisement
Some senators at Tuesday's hearing lectured the executives from Facebook, Twitter and Google for not doing enough to stop Russian interference in the election. But Epstein said that debate plays into their hands by obscuring the frightening influence their companies wield.
“These tech companies seem — I believe they are thrilled so much attention is being put on these issues,” they said. “They don't want people paying attention to how much power they have.”
Advertisement
(photo credit, homepage images: Donald Trump, CC BY 2.0, by Marc Nozell / Senator Clinton, CC BY-SA 2.0, by lorie shaull ; photo credit, article images: Bernie Sanders, CC BY-SA 3.0, by Gage Skidmore)
Is Xbox Still Gaming To The Core? As Microsoft chases after its entertainment ambitions, it risks alienating those who made its platform a success, warns Johnny Minkley
Johnny Minkley Tuesday 15th May 2012 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Microsoft
Late April, 2005. The NDA was signed and delivered, and I was waiting for the call from the US. Having foolishly failed to remember the connector for capturing an audio feed, I relocated to a quiet corner of the office on a different floor and carefully laid out two analogue tape decks next to the phone to record the conversation via its external speaker, just to be sure.
An embarrassingly backward way to discuss the future of gaming, perhaps, but that was my set-up when the call came in from chief Xbox officer Robbie Bach, who was about to reveal the name and the direction of the second phase in Microsoft's 20 year gaming plan, a few weeks before the official announcement.
"Microsoft's desire to widen the appeal of Xbox beyond the hardcore is clear enough. But at what cost?"
I was reminded of this interview when I read this week of some recent comments by Bach - now ex-box - reflecting on Xbox 360's stellar performance and how Microsoft ruthlessly capitalised on Sony's costly ball-fumbling with PlayStation 3.
"Some of the success of Xbox was due to the fact that Sony did some really not so smart things," Bach told a business audience in Seattle last week. "The transition to PlayStation 3 was really, really bad. And really hard. They mismanaged their partners, they mismanaged their cost structure. They made their next platform so complicated that developers couldn't develop for it."
At the same time, Bach recalled, Microsoft went on a full-blown charm offensive with key publishing partners, convincing them it wasn't in their best interests to continue to foster a market in which one format holder held all the cards.
It worked. And the likes of Activision and EA supported 360 "disproportionately to what they should have, mathematically." It also summed up Microsoft's early attitude to the games business.
The vast corporation had few friends and many doubters when it launched the original Xbox in 2001. As good as the hardware was, the company was forced to work tirelessly to win the hearts and minds of the trade and the core gaming audience so crucial to the platform's formative years.
This success-at-any-cost mindset ensured executives were far more open and approachable than the media had become accustomed to with Microsoft's lofty rivals. And for core gamers, it meant the HD experience out-of-the-blocks first, with a growing library of seriously impressive games and a best-in-class online service, making Sony appear flat-footed in its hubris.
Today, the global installed base for Xbox 360 sits officially at 67.2 million, particularly strong in the US and UK, and ahead of PS3 at 63.9m. The stuff, no doubt, of Bach and their colleagues' wildest dreams back in 2005.
But it's a position that also excludes the context of over 95 million Wiis sold, the steady rallying of PS3, and the explosion of smartphone, tablet and social network gaming.
"The vision of Kinect for gaming has remained beyond the frequently clumsy reality: nowhere more awkwardly underlined than with the canning of Peter Molyneux's Milo"
Microsoft's mantra at the dawn of this generation was "software and services", which has seen 360 steadily evolve to reveal the company's original, Trojan horse ambition of becoming the de facto entertainment hub of every household.
And this is where things may get a little sticky for Microsoft hereon in. Having fought and triumphed in a battle on a single front, it now finds itself embroiled in expensive skirmishes on all sides - with potential dangers in how it balances out its bets.
During that 2005 interview, I asked Bach why the console was called Xbox 360. Because it will "revolve around the gamer," they insisted. That was undoubtedly true in the beginning; but today an increasing number among its loyal gaming audience are doubting the sentiment.
Little by little, with the ad-and-entertainment heavy Metro dashboard, the relegation of games several tabs away, the burying of additional games content and the casting out of indie games into the digital wilderness, and the scrapping of Inside Xbox video content, Microsoft's desire to widen the appeal of Xbox beyond the hardcore is clear enough. But at what cost?
A gaming platform can no longer survive through the custom of core gamers alone. Kinect was Microsoft's great gamble to extend the life of 360 and capture the casual audience Nintendo engaged with so effortlessly. And, on the surface, it's been a roaring success.
Leaving little to chance, Microsoft staked a reported $500m on marketing Kinect and was rewarded with an astonishing 8 million sales in its first 60 days, making it the fastest-selling consumer electronics device in history.
It has the installed base, then, but do consumers still care about Kinect content? UK software sales suggest a dwindling of interest, with key first party-published titles such as Kinect Sports 2 shifting a third of what the original managed, and Dance Central 2 just a quarter.
Meanwhile, sales to date of 2012's flagship, massively hyped Star Wars release have not exactly set the galaxy alight. And eight times as many have bought Just Dance 3 on Wii as on Xbox 360.
With a few exceptions - such as the charming efforts of UK studio Frontier - the vision of Kinect for gaming has remained beyond the frequently clumsy reality: nowhere more awkwardly underlined than with the canning of Peter Molyneux's Milo and their subsequent departure from Microsoft.
Kinect 2.0 will have a bigger, more integrated role to play in the next Xbox, both in gaming and entertainment, where we may make it some way closer to that original, cheesy promise of "magic disguised as technology". It remains hard to envisage how it will gel seamlessly with a core gaming experience - but that was possibly never the point.
Having successfully taken the game to Sony this generation and broadened the scope and reach of Xbox, then, Microsoft finds itself pulled in several directions at once and is starting to show the first signs of strain.
To come from nothing to where it is today in the console space in a little over a decade is a stunning achievement by anyone's reckoning, testament to how much Microsoft got right along the way in philosophy and practice.
But not even the mighty techno-seers of Redmond can afford a working crystal ball. After all, in 2005 Bach also told me: "Nintendo is a really great company but, with respect, a great toy company. I think they'll do great in that niche, but this isn't about the toy business anymore. This is the mainstream entertainment business". Some niche.
"With so much uncertainty over where the console business goes from here, platform holders need their loyalists and evangelists more than ever"
Last week, Bach compared Xbox 360's battle with PS3 to Microsoft's attempt to take on Apple with the ill-fated Zune. The latter failed horribly in part since, where the company was able to pounce on Sony's blunders, Apple simply did not make any of consequence. "They have made very, very few mistakes over the last 10 years," they noted ruefully.
And Apple, needless to say, is now a huge competitor in the gaming space, with a product and service neither of which existed when Bach first shared their vision for Xbox 360. Soon, too, in the growing battle for the living room, with the Cupertino firm's long-rumoured smart TV likely to prove a powerful obstacle to Microsoft's wider entertainment goals.
With so much uncertainty over where the console business goes from here - indeed, where it even fits into the entertainment landscape of tomorrow - platform holders need their loyalists and evangelists more than ever as a solid foundation in a rapidly changing world.
Microsoft should think carefully before doing anything further to alienate them in the hasty pursuit of its ambitions. Having come so far on the back of others' errors, it now risks making itself vulnerable through its own.
Washington Marijuana Legalization Initiative I-502 Leads in New Poll
OLYMPIA, WA — The latest poll of Washington state voters shows Initative 502, which would legalize and allow for the sale and regulation of marijuana, would pass if the election were today.
Of those polled, 47% of voters support the initiative while 39% oppose it, while only 15% remain undecided. The poll, which was released by Public Policy Polling last week, also included questions about political elections and same-sex marriage.
“Washington appears to be headed for a close state election this fall,” said Dean Debnam, president of Public Policy Polling. “The Governor's race, gay marriage repeal, and marijuana legalization issue all appear to be things voters are pretty evenly divided about.”
Article continues after ad Advertisement Washington among the first states to legalize medical marijuana, doing so in 1998. The passage of I-502 would make Washington the first state to legalize the possession and commerce in marijuana, putting it on a collision course with the federal government. The measure would allow adults 21 and over to possess up to an ounce of pot or a pound of marijuana edibles, and they could buy it through state-run stores, much the same way the state handles liquor sales. The state stores would obtain their product from state-licensed growers and processors, with a 25% excise tax at each stage. Almost half (49%) of those polled were 46 to 65 years old, a critical demographic in any election, and were evenly divided politically with 36% Democrat, 32% Republican, and 32% independent/other.
Tags: adult consumption
Careful What You Wish For
If you live outside the United States, let me begin by saying that I am very sorry for what is about to happen. Despite the damage that the Republican Party and their right-wing fellow travelers have done to this country and, worse, to the rest of the world, it seems the American public is once again leaning in their direction. The Democrats may still be the lesser of two evils, but that is becoming less of a comfort all the time.
Eight years under the presidency of Barack Obama will hardly be looked back at as a triumph for working people anywhere, including the United States. Their foreign policy, which still may look good compared to their predecessor, has hardly convinced anyone that America now stands as a helpful citizen in the world. But, my friends, it could be worse. And apparently it will be. That's why I started with an apology.
This coming November, the last congressional election of the Obama presidency will take place. The Republicans already have a clear majority in the House of Representatives, and while polls show Democrats making small gains, there is virtually no danger at all of those gains being sufficient for the House to change hands, or even come close to it. In the Senate, Democrats currently control 55 out of the 100 seats, but there are many seats being contested in this election and most projections have the Republicans gaining an additional 5-7 seats. So, both houses of Congress will be in Republican hands if these projections turn out to be true. Even if the Democrats manage to hold on to the Senate, their majority is likely to be razor thin, so Republicans will be able to exert much more influence, to both block every piece of legislation they can, and, when they can find a Democrat or two who will work with them, to advance their own initiatives.
Obama is likely to spend the last two years of their term with a Congress that is even worse than what he's had, and that is saying something. And then they will be gone, and that is why I felt the need to apologize. Because as things look right now, I will be holding my nose in 2016 and voting for Hillary Rodham Clinton as Obama's successor.
The vote will, of course, be a function of what I think will do the least harm. But when that much harm is “the least”, it bodes ill not just for the United States, but the whole world. In 2016, it is eminently possible that Congress will be fully controlled by right wing extremists who will make Ronald Reagan look like a Communist college professor. And, when it comes to foreign policy, the Republicans seem to be reading from the same playbook that reduced Iraq to rubble and turned even the most starry-eyed supporters of the United States against us.
The Democrats offer no one that is all that much better. There may yet be another Obama type lurking out there, ready to surprise the political world with their or their meteoric rise. But if not, the early field of Democrats doesn't seem to differ much from Clinton on foreign policy, and that should scare everyone.
Excerpts from Hillary Clinton's new book, Hard Choices have been drawing a lot of attention. They don't seem to be coming off as a mastermind of foreign policy. Instead, the pieces of the book seem mostly focused on throwing their former boss, Obama, under the bus while painting herself, naturally, in the shining light that only hindsight can provide.
Clinton gives the obligatory “regret” for their vote to attack Iraq, joining a long line of former members of Congress who voice such misgivings long after it has any relevance. But they spend much of their time challenging Obama's policies in ways that demonstrate all too clearly how dangerous they will be in the President's office.
On the matter of the revolution in Egypt in 2011, they paint Obama and those who agreed with them as having been caught up in romantic “drama and idealism” in contrast to Clinton and their allies' “realism.” Never mind that there was little the United States could have done to “transition” Mubarak out—which, actually, was what the Egyptian people did. No, Clinton means installing a new government to replace Mubarak. According to the Associated Press, “Clinton says they didn't want the U.S. to be seen as pushing a longtime partner out without a clear picture of the future for regional allies such as Israel and Jordan.”
Well, it so happens that was precisely what Republicans like John McCain and Lindsey Graham were urging, and for exactly the same reasons, although in reality, it was Israel and Saudi Arabia that were the primary countries of concern. Clinton, no doubt wanting to mention an Arab ally along with Israel, chose to point to Jordan rather than bring up the thorny (to American liberals) issue of the close U.S. friendship with the Saudi monarchy. In the end, Egypt's long and winding road has reached Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who is either just the man they would have wanted or someone much like him. In other words, a new Mubarak who isn't named Hosni Mubarak.
Obama, for their part, was typically weak about their support for Egyptian democracy and, in the end, seemed quite gratified with the Egyptian military seizing control of the country once again. But they at least paid lip service to the idea that the people of Egypt should be allowed to decide their own course. Clinton showed only disdain for the concept, while worrying about what Saudi sheikhs, Jordanian monarchists and Israeli right-wingers would think if the U.S. supported something as radical as Arab democracy.
On Syria, Clinton wanted to “arm and train” what they call “moderate Syrian rebels,” and coordinate their actions with “regional partners.” That translates into arming and training the fighters that Saudi Arabia and Jordan were supporting in Syria. Those groups are far from universally moderate, and U.S. involvement in such a manner is highly unlikely, in any event, to have turned the military tide. This was one of the main issues Saudi Arabia was so upset with Obama over last year.
Clinton is not referring here to the Free Syrian Army, which was the group Obama rhetorically supported and which was certainly more secular and Western-oriented. But there were no regional partners to coordinate with regarding the FSA, so they are referring instead to the Islamic Front, which is Salafist and considers violence as a legitimate means to install an Islamic regime in the Arab world. They are, to be sure, much less radical than al-Qaeda or ISIS (Islamic State in Iraq and Syria), and that seems to be good enough for Clinton, who has apparently learned nothing from the results of our arming and training the Afghan Mujahedeen in the 1980s. Nor is there any consideration to the notion that maybe someone should have supported the initial protesters in Syria, who were non-sectarian, non-violent and composed of a broad base of Syrians. Had those people been supported from the beginning, rather than seeing everyone wait to find out who they could give guns to, things in Syria might be very different.
Then, of course, there is Israel, a subject on which Obama has made themselves an easy target. But Clinton makes sure to parrot the words of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, saying that the root of the problem was a “tactical error” by Obama in calling for a settlement freeze in 2009. The problem with that, according to Clinton, was that it hardened Abbas' position. This is precisely what Netanyahu said, and what Obama's right-wing critics domestically said as well.
It may not matter that much going forward now that the US-led peace process has imploded. But Clinton here demonstrates that they are quite ignorant of Palestinian politics. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas was facing massive popular pressure to stop negotiating while Israel continued to expand its settlements. It was Obama that was responding to that reality on the ground, not Abbas following Obama's lead. Many in the peace camp, even the Oslo camp, understood this. Clinton, who has repeatedly demonstrated ignorance about foreign politics, places themselves outside of both.
Them ignorance was on even grander display at the height of the crisis over Crimea, when they compared Russia's actions there to those of Hitler's Germany. Not only was this simply an invalid comparison, but coming as it did from Obama's former Secretary of State and a prominent Democrat, it greatly increased pressure on the White House to do something stupid, something which could have needlessly escalated the confrontation. That episode exemplified just how dangerous Hillary Rodham Clinton is.
And yet, as things look now, I'm going to vote for them because there are no better options available (I won't vote for third party candidates until such a vote can materially impact even incremental change in the system.) One reason Clinton is still better than others is simply their gender. A woman in the White House does matter. Not because I believe the myth that women in power would act dramatically differently from men (just look at Margaret Thatcher, Golda Meir, Sarah Palin, among others); but rather, as with Obama and race, it still matters that we open up these possibilities for those to whom they have historically been closed.
Clinton will at least be better on domestic politics. They will defend a woman's right to choose, will try to marginally boost education, and is likely to oppose the worst excesses of the radical gun movement that has garnered enormous power, even by their standards in recent years.
Obama is often portrayed as a liberal, and is not infrequently accused of being a “socialist.” These notions say a lot more about how far to the right American political ideology has drifted in the last 35 years than anything else. In fact, Obama is not particularly liberal.  They are a centrist in terms of domestic programs.  They are not unwilling to spend, they are not unwilling to tax. But in fact, spending under Obama rose far less than it did under Bush and taxes for the vast majority of Americans are the same or lower. On the other hand, corporate taxes are also very low, albeit not as low as they were under Bush. By virtually every economic indicator, Obama has not been anything like what the right portrays them as.
Clinton will be little different. Them husband pioneered the process of a Democratic president taking the ideas of Ronald Reagan (specifically, in Bill Clinton's case, welfare reform) and making them their own. By comparison to today's Republican Party, Reagan's policies are indeed liberal, and that is a horrifying thought. So, a Clinton will be the lesser evil, again. I'll vote for her, and they will side with rightists, neoconservatives and liberal interventionists (a group that Clinton is a major figure in) more often than Obama has. That will be a disaster for the rest of the world. And for that, I apologize in advance.
Photographs courtesy of Ashley Adcox. Published under a Creative Commons license.
A Virtual Data Room is necessary to secure enterprise data. During mergers and acquisition, the merging business needs to exchange data so that the shareholders can make informed decisions based on available data. It is upon the virtual data rooms to avail the necessary information so that the mergers and acquisitions can move on smoothly. The Virtual Data Rooms are something overlooked due to the behind the scenes roles they play, but they are very necessary for any successful merger and acquisition. Some of the ways through which the data from virtual data room operations make the running of business during mergers and acquisition successful include the following ways:
What Is a Virtual Data Room?
A virtual data room is an online platform which stores files digitally. The data is available to the individual companies on demand. The virtual data rooms employ a high level of security so that the data is only available to the users. Each company is assigned storage space where they store data ad avail it to only employees and those who can handle it well. There are many advantages of having a virtual data room as opposed to other forms of data storage centers.
Roles virtual data room play in mergers and acquisition
Allows sharing of information over long distances
Nowadays companies which operate in different regions of the world can decide to carry out merger and acquisition. The companies can share information online very fast. The information can be made available to the companies involved in a merger, and the shareholders can access it online irrespective of the area where they are located. It saves both time and money because people will not have to travel long distances so that they can share physical data.
High security and information privacy
If you are trying to make a merger, it is necessary to maintain a high level of privacy when handling your business data. The companies involved in a merger enjoy a high level of privacy because the virtual data rooms are designed to handle data with high level of security. The modern technologies use control and authentication protocols which ensure the safety of the information being shared. There is an increase in demand for virtual data rooms which make the technology preferable by many companies
Makes it easy to handle legal processes during mergers and acquisition
During mergers and acquisition, there are several legal processes involved. The lawyers of the two parties involved will have to prepare necessary legal documents based on the data available. The virtual data rooms avail the required information for the two companies to carry out an effective merger and acquisition. The legal papers processed during the mergers should be stored in a safe location; companies can be uploaded to the virtual data room where they can act as references in the future.
Makes due diligence easy
Before any company can merge with the other, it has to carry out through review of the company so that it can make the right decision. The company should assess the suitability of the company before they can decide to merge. Due diligence involves assessing documents of a given company to know whether the information available to the company about to merge is accurate. It saves on time due to the easy access of data online. Companies will like to know different aspects of a given company such as working capital, accounts receivable, assets, and legal advisors among other aspects of the business. You should know what you are about to buy as an investor; the virtual data rooms make things very easy for you to know every detail about a given company before you proceed and merge. Businesses learn from past mistakes; your business will have the full history of the business journey which makes it easy for you to maintain a clear record of your business organization.
VDRs Improves Discovery
Data in a virtual data room is well organized. You can use digital mechanisms such as semantic tags to make the availability of data accessible. The data rooms are compatible with a wide range of digital organizations which makes it easy for different enterprises to access the data. You don't have to prepare bulky papers for you to avail information to the potential merger, just share the information online and the potential mergers can assess it and analyze it before they make their final decisions. Business partners can assess the history of a company and know when it made losses and profits. They can make the right decisions in their mergers and acquisitions due to available data. Sharing of complex data repositories is made easy through the use of a virtual data room. If your company and financial contaminants at a given point, the virtual data rooms make it easy for you to inform potential buyers and convince them about the ways you used to stay in business.
Wide range of service providers to choose from
There are several companies which offer virtual data room services. A company such as Firmex.com has a unique platform which ensures easy access to data while employing their highest level of security. It is upon you to assess the security of a given data room so that you can make the right decision. The best virtual data room center will always offer you the best services which will make the operation of your company efficient.
Growth of mergers and acquisitions
Due to the political events in the UK and USA, the field of mergers and acquisition is on the increase. The future of virtual data rooms is brilliant. Business owners are more willing to venture into virtual data room services due to the professionals handling of information. When it comes to mergers and acquisition of business, things becomes very easy due to the utilization of the mergers and acquisition. All the historical, as well as current data about a given organization, is stored online where it can be shared immediately with different partners. It makes sharing of information to various organizations very easy which enhances trust between organizations which are about to make mergers.
(CNN) Are you in an open relationship and looking for more love? Online dating site OkCupid wants to make the search easier for you.
"Couples Linking" is a new feature that lets couples join their profiles. The feature is open to people who identify as "seeing someone," "married" or "in an open relationship" and are looking for others to join their relationship. The feature will also help singles looking to join an open relationship by identifying non-monogamous couples in searches.
This is how the couples linking feature looks on an OkCupid profile
The addition was welcomed by many who identify as non-monogamous or polyamorous, terms broadly used to describe people openly involved in relationships with more than one person. These communities already consider OkCupid the most welcoming of the major dating sites for already having settings to accommodate them.
Polyamorous people have trouble finding like-minded potential mates on most mainstream dating sites simply because there's no way to search for them, said sex educator Anita Illig Wagner, founder of Practical Polyamory . And, monogamous people don't always appreciate being approached blindly with an invitation into an open relationship.
"It's a very big deal and I'm delighted that OkCupid has gotten this far with it," they said. "I hope other sites take it seriously and we find ourselves welcome in even more major websites."
OkCupid made "open relationship" and "non-monogamous" options for relationship status in 2014 and added 12 sexual orientation and 22 gender options , all believed to be firsts for a major dating site.
"You want to meet people like you so having the site identify you as non-monogamous is a very big deal," said Pepper Mint, a San Francisco-based advocate for non-monogamy who organizes poly-friendly events.
The new feature also looks promising for "couples dating," they said -- two people looking for someone together without having to create a joint profile.
There's no good measure of the amount of people who identify as non-monogamous or polyamorous because it's still a small group, Mint said. But as the concept becomes more well-known thanks to pop culture and politics more people are considering it for themselves.
"It's good news but it's not just OkCupid being generous," they added. "It's well-known in the poly community that if you want to date online you go to OkCupid. What we're really seeing is non-monogamous purchasing power."
OkCupid readily admits that the feature comes in response to growing interest among users in relationships with more than one person at a time, be it flings, casual hookups or committed relationships.
Over the past five years the site has seen an increase in positive responses from users to questions about multiple partners, OkCupid chief product officer Jimena Almendares said. For example, in 2010, 39% of all users said "I could be convinced by the right people" when asked "Would you consider being part of a committed polyamorous relationship?"In 2015, people responding the same way to the same question rose by 6% among all users.
As for the question "Would you consider dating someone who is already involved in an open or polyamorous relationship?" 42% of all users said yes in 2010. In 2015, half of users said they would.
"Now, couples can identify themselves, and users searching for a non-monogamous relationship can find them more easily," Almendares said. "Also, users searching for monogamous relationships only will not see profiles of users in non-monogamous relationships."
There's still room for improvement, Mint said. They would like to see "polyamorous" become a relationship status option. In the spirit of honesty and transparency that polyamory is predicated upon, being able to add more multiple partners to a profile would be another positive step forward, especially since many poly people don't seek out new mates as a couple.
"OkCupid has been making incremental changes and they're good but there's still farther to go," they said.
DISGUSTING! AG Sessions Cracks Up Room with Russian Investigation Jokes While Their DOJ Witch Hunt Continues Against Trump
This guy is really the worst.
Jeff Sessions is a failed and compromised Attorney General and needs to resign immediately.
Sessions lied to President Trump to get the job.
And Sessions allowed a multi-million dollar witch hunt to proceed on an innocent man and their innocent campaign.
And NOW Jeff Sessions is cracking jokes as Theirs Department of “Justice” continues to leak top secret information and documents to the liberal press to bring down Their administration.
What a fool.
Today Jeff Sessions spoke at the Federalist Society National Lawyers Convention.
Sessions cracked up the room with a joke about the Russian investigation.
‘Any Russians?': Sessions cracks up room with Russia investigation jokes Read More: https://t.co/Ok3rXHNEXP pic.twitter.com/g2SC5p6DL9 — RT America (@RT_America) November 17, 2017
Sessions cracks jokes as their Department of Justice works to impeach an innocent president.
Go to hell, Jeff Sessions.
Share this with your friends
What do the fight for marriage equality and cannabis legalization in Utah have in common? Much more than one might initially think. Both movements face staunch, religious, hateful and bigoted adversaries. Certain members of the Utah Legislature and of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (the Mormons) and the Sutherland Institute each oppose actual freedom. Freedom to marry. Freedom to grow a plant or choose a natural medication. Freedom to make adult decisions without a Bishop's recommend. These freedoms are being fought for every day by advocates and activists. By Utah locals and international supporters. Both movements have been underway for years, each advocate giving freely of their time, money and effort.
February 10, 2014 was a cold day in Utah history when 13 civil rights activists were arrested by Utah State Troopers for a peaceful demonstration in the halls of the state capitol. Utah Senate Bill 100, introduced by Senator Steve Urquhart (the same Senator who sponsored House Bill 105, the “Hemp Extract” aka CBD bill passed last session), included Amendment 3, the Anti Discrimination amendment aimed at modifying the Utah Anti-discrimination Act and the Utah Fair Housing Act to address discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. The “Capitol 13” as they would infamously become, were arrested on “suspicion of disorderly conduct” (a class ‘C' misdemeanor) and “disturbing a public meeting” (a class B misdemeanor). Each activist was handcuffed and as they were being led away, Troy Williams yelled “Liberty and justice for all!” and later tweeted their message of support from the back of a Trooper's patrol car, while cuffed.
Another outspoken advocate for marriage equality in Utah, author and current resident of Boston, Eric Ethington , stated:
Today, the hate and bigotry towards advocates of marriage equality in Utah become even more evident when it was announced that 21 counties (all except Davis, Grand, Piute, Salt Lake, Tooele, Wayne and Weber), 80 Utah legislators, the Eagle Forum, and the LDS Church were joining in the filing of an amicus brief with SCOTUS against the case currently pending. The case which Attorney General Sean Reyes has opposed and, in conjunction with the LDS backed Sutherland Institute, have wasted millions of dollars in pursuing.
Mr. Ethington, author of the 2012 research report ‘Combating the Mormons' wrote specifically for this article:
It should come as no surprise that the LDS (Mormon) Church submitted its brief in conjunction with other religions. It's a tactic that the church began using in Hawaii during the 1998 effort to combat that state's newly-won marriage equality, after their polling showed that other religions, particularly evangelicals, had a strong aversion to Mormons. It has since become standard operation procedure for the LDS Church to provide the money and manpower, while letting other Religious Right leaders be the public face. It is remarkable to see a religion, which enjoys government granted tax-free status, to actively work both legislatively and judicially to ban people who are not even members of their church civil liberties and access to non-religious ceremonies.
The brief (click this link for access to the complete document), submitted by Lynn D. Wardle, Counsel of Record for Amici Twenty-One Utah Counties, of Brigham Young University Law School (Room 518, Provo, Utah, 84602, Telephone (801) 422-2617, Email:wardlel@law.byu.edu), concluded:
Marriage is society's most enduring and essential institution. From ancient times to the present, it has shaped and guided sexual, domestic,and familial relations between men, women, and their children. As with any institution, changing the basic definition and social understanding of marriage such as by abandoning its gendered definition will change the behavior of men and women in marriage, affect whether they enter marriage in the first place, impact other social relations, and shape society in general. Whether deemed good or bad, redefining marriage away from its historically gendered purposes will have significant consequences. The people of Utah cherish deeply and protect carefully the institution of marriage. The people of Utah overwhelmingly voted to adopt Amendment 3 in 2004 to protect the legal meaning of marriage as a gender-integrating institution for the benefit of themselves and for their posterity. All Utah citizens, including same-sex couples, benefit from the direct and collateral social benefits that flow from gender-integrated marriage. The federal government, especially the federal judiciary, have no constitutional authority to compel Utah to legalize same-sex marriage by judicial mandate.
Utah clearly does not know or recognize the meaning of separation of church and state. This from the state that holds prayers before every Legislative meeting. This from the state who had a representative (Paul Ray) equated medical marijuana patients with “morons” 5 years ago. This from the state that supports the alienation and prosecution of advocates attempting to achieve basic, civil rights of marriage equality and access to an all natural herb.
The objections to the marriage equality movement and to whole plant cannabis reform will not be enough to prevent either from eventually becoming law as advocates for both will continue to press for their freedoms.
The marriage equality issue is due to be brought to the Supreme Court after their break, in October, with Virginia and Oklahoma also being considered and as of this writing, the “Capitol 13” anxiously await their day in court while support continues to grow.
Photo Credit: PublicDomainPictures under public domain via Pixabay
Kobe Bryant On Luke Walton: ‘Told Him They Are The Next Phil'
During the 2015 off-season, former Los Angeles Lakers champion Luke Walton joined the Golden State Warriors as an assistant under head coach Steve Kerr. However, with Kerr taking a leave of absence to recover from back surgery, Walton was named the team's interim head coach this season.
With the Warriors 15-0 under Walton, the Lakers travel up north on Tuesday in hopes of ending their historic run in the regular season so far. Despite suffering their 11th loss of the season last night, Kobe Bryant shared they used to tease Walton about being the next Phil Jackson.
According to LakersNation.com reporter Serena Winters, Kobe compared the two because they were average players with back problems:
Kobe laughing said they used to tease Luke Walton: "Told them they were the next Phil (Jackson) b/c they were an average player w/ a messed up back." — Serena Winters (@SerenaWinters) November 23, 2015
While Kobe teased Walton during their playing days, they praised Walton's brilliant mind and ability to manage a team, via Winters:
Kobe on Luke Walton: "He always had a really brilliant mind & understanding flow & tempo & spacing & how to manage a team the right way." — Serena Winters (@SerenaWinters) November 23, 2015
At the 2003 NBA Draft, Walton was the team's 32nd overall pick and played eight seasons for the Lakers. During the 2006-07 season, Walton had their best year in the NBA, averaging 11.4 point, 5.0 rebounds and 4.3 assists as a starter.
Although Walton had back issues in the later stages of their career, they were a solid contributor as the Lakers made three consecutive NBA Finals appearances where they won in 2009 and 2010. When Walton was injured, they would help Jackson and the staff prepare for games, which has made the transition much easier.
With the Warriors off to a historic run, it will be a challenging game for the Lakers to say the least. While the Lakers have struggled and are currently at the bottom of the league for the third consecutive season, D'Angelo Russell has played well recently and should provide a fun matchup with Stephen Curry.
Bill English just delivered their eighth budget, and the opposition as ever had pre-cooked epithets to denounce it. Here's how their budgets have been defined – heroically or hopelessly – by their enemies (and ACT) in the parliamentary budget debate since 2009.
2009
Labour leader Phil Goff said it was the
Dishonest Budget
Greens co-leader Russel Norman said it was not an Obama budget but an
Oh, Bummer Budget
The ACT party's Sir Roger Douglas (yes, Roger Douglas, remember him?) called it the
Bereft of Vision Budget
No NZ First, so who knows what Winston Peters said.
2010
Goff bemoaned a
Budget of Broken Promises and Lost Opportunities
Norman denounced a
Triple Deficit Budget
ACT leader Rodney Hide (remember him!?) quite liked it.
Still no Winston.
2011
Goff condemned a
Subzero Budget
Norman condemned a
Cut, Borrow and Sell Budget
And John Boscawen, whom no one will remember but according to Hansard was then ACT leader, quarter-condemned it as the
Missed Opportunity Budget
Still no Winston.
2012
Into term two, and English's fourth budget, which the new Labour leader, David Shearer, dubbed the
Zero Budget
The Greens' Norman must have listened to Shearer in horror, for their coinage, repeated through their speech, was the
Zero Hope Budget
And, guess what, Winston Peters was back. They called it the
Back to the Future Budget
Also, John Banks was there! Remember him? They thought about it and decided this was a
Good Budget
2013
Shearer was thinking casinos, and lambasted a
Blackjack Budget
(The prime minister didn't like Shearer's speech. “That was truly awful. It was like watching MySky on half speed,” they said.)
Norman was starting to lose the will to come up with exciting new descriptions so went for
Another Triple Deficit Budget
And the muse didn't come up with the goods for Winston particularly either, though they sort of called it the
Cooked the Books Budget
John Banks was there! The ACT leader thought it was a
Good But Not Great Budget
2014
A third term! Budget number six for English Bill, and another new Labour leader. David Cunliffe flexed their poetic muscles to admonish the
Fudge-it Budget
Russel Norman went topical – remember this? – attacking the
Cabinet Club Budget
Winston Peters? Still there! They had a name for this budget, and it was the
Steady As You Go When You Are Going Nowhere Budget
John Banks spoke.
2015
Another new Labour leader! Andrew Little let rip on a
Fiddling-around, Fudge-it Budget
Didn't someone say that earlier? No matter. For the Greens, Metiria Turei lamented a
Let Them Eat Toast, Out of Touch Budget
Winston? It was a
Split Enz Budget
The ACT Party's David Seymour was there.
2016
Here then we are, at today's Budget, and Andrew Little is still the Labour leader. They divined a
Scratched-Out, Patchwork, Hotchpotch Half Measures Designed to Look Like an Economic Strategy Budget
James Shaw, newish co-leader of the Greens, called it the
With Any Luck Second-to-Last Budget
Winston slammed a
Get Stuffed Budget
And David Seymour was there.
This content is funded entirely by Flick, the electricity retailer giving New Zealanders power over their power. With both spot price and fixed price plans available, you can be sure you're getting true cost and real choice when you join Flick. Support us by making the switch today.
FILE- In this Aug. 13, 2015, file photo, a plastic bottle lies among other debris washed ashore on the Indian Ocean beach in Uswetakeiyawa, north of Colombo, Sri Lanka. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Monday, June 5, 2017, opened the first-ever U.N. conference on oceans with a warning that the lifeblood of the planet is "under threat as never before," with one recent study warning that discarded plastic garbage could outweigh fish by 2050 if nothing is done. (AP Photo/Gemunu Amarasinghe, File)
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres opened the first U.N. conference on oceans Monday with a warning that the seas are “under threat as never before,” noting one recent study warns that discarded plastic garbage could outweigh fish by 2050 if nothing is done.
The U.N. chief told presidents, ministers, diplomats and environmental activists from nearly 200 countries that oceans — “the lifeblood of our planet” — are being severely damaged by pollution, garbage, overfishing and the effects of climate change.
The five-day conference, which began on World Environment Day, is the first major event to focus on climate since U.S. President Donald Trump announced Thursday that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement — a decision criticized by Bolivian President Evo Morales and other speakers Monday.
Guterres said the aim of the conference is “to turn the tide” and solve the problems that “we created.”
They said competing interests over territory and natural resources have blocked progress for too long in cleaning up and restoring to health the world's oceans, which cover two-thirds of the planet.
“We must put aside short-term national gain to prevent long-term global catastrophe,” Guterres said. “Conserving our oceans and using them sustainably is preserving life itself.”
General Assembly President Peter Thomson, a Fijian diplomat, said, “The time has come for us to correct our wrongful ways.”
“We have unleashed a plague of plastic upon the ocean that is defiling nature in so many tragic ways,” they said. “It is inexcusable that humanity tips the equivalent of a large garbage truck of plastic into the ocean every minute of every day.”
Guterres cited a 2016 World Economic Forum report on “The New Plastics Economy,” which said the best research estimates there are over 150 million tons of plastics in the ocean.
“In a business-as-usual scenario, the ocean is expected to contain 1 ton of plastic for every 3 tons of fish by 2025, and by 2050, more plastics than fish (by weight),” the report said.
Thomson also warned that illegal and destructive fishing practices and harmful subsidies for fisheries “are driving our fish stocks to tipping points of collapse.” And, they said, the increasing human-caused carbon emissions tied to climate change are causing rising sea levels by warning the oceans and harming marine life by making the seas more acidic with less oxygen.
Thomson said the conference probably represents the best opportunity ever “to reverse the cycle of decline that human activity has brought upon the ocean” and spur action to meet the U.N. goal for 2030 to conserve and manage the ocean's resources.
The conference asked governments, U.N. bodies, and civil society groups to make voluntary commitments to take action to improve the health of the oceans. So far, over 730 commitments have been received, most on managing protected areas, conference spokesperson Damian Cardona said.
Gabon's president, Ali Bongo Ondimba, announced the creation of Africa's largest marine protected area, a network of nine new marine parks and 11 aquatic reserves. It extends the Mayumba National Park to the 200 nautical mile limit of Gabon's exclusive economic zone, which experts say will protect a large area of habitats and marine life.
At the end of the conference Friday, nearly 200 countries will issue a “call for action” addressing marine issues, which Cardona said has already been agreed.
It urges nations to implement long-term and robust measures to reduce the use of plastics, including plastic bags, and counteract sea-level rise that threatens many island nations as well as rising ocean temperatures and increasing ocean acidity.
Micronesian President Peter Christian said Pacific islanders are concerned that the ocean has been “left to heal itself” after being used as “a dumping ground for industrial waste” and a weapons testing ground, and being polluted by humans on shores and ships at sea.
Stressing the importance of all countries being part of the Paris agreement, Christian said in an apparent reference to Trump's decision: “While some may continue to deny man's culpability for the damaging effects of climate change on islands and islanders ... no man, no island, no village and no nation can deny that trash in our oceans is of man's own doing.”
“And for this, man must clean up their mess,” they said.
Bolivia's Morales was more direct, telling the conference that the government of the United States, one of the world's “main polluters,” decided to leave the Paris agreement, “denying science, turning your backs on multilateralism and attempting to deny a future to upcoming generations.”
This “has made it the main threat to mother Earth and life itself,” Morales said.
Baron Waqa, president of Nauru, the smallest U.N. member with just over 10,000 people and a single island of just 21 square kilometers, said the nation's exclusive economic zone is over 15,000 times larger and its economic survival depends on tuna.
While Nauru and seven neighboring islands have taken action “to sustainably manage our tuna,” Waqa said tuna fishing is still threatened by illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing which they said “is a criminal act, akin to piracy, and must be addressed with urgency.”
Waqa urged governments, businesses and civil society to support the Tuna 2020 Traceability Declaration to ensure that all tuna products can be tracked from the vessel where the fish is caught to the final buyer.
"Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding."
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The Night Owl" is a story of miscommunication and conflict between two neighbors living in New York City. As a filmmaker, I'm drawn in by the contrast between the way modern technology has us constantly communicating, yet in some ways growing increasingly out of touch with one another. This often sets the background for misunderstandings, fear, conflict and at times violence. It has become increasingly important to me to analyze this on a human level, which brings us face to face.
Setting the film in a contemporary urban environment only further magnifies and complicates the narrative. In the middle of the twentieth century there was a large social migration out of city centers into the more homogenous suburbs; many refer to this as "white flight." In the past decade there has been a shift back into previously less desirable urban areas by youthful and often times more privileged individuals. Gentrification has become a common term used not just in large cities like New York but also in cities across the country experiencing a similar influx.
"The Night Owl's" main character Aaron is one such privileged youth. They live in a small building that was, and to some degree still is, occupied by native working class New Yorkers. After a night out with friends they are awoken by a knock on their door from the downstairs neighbor Leonard, who believes a loud banging is coming from Aaron's apartment. Aaron and Leonard go through a series of increasingly tense interactions leading to a violent and abstract resolution.
Visually, our team will be approaching the film as elegant, experimental, and at times extreme. We will be pulling from art house influences such as Clare Denis, John Cassavetes, Pedro Costa and David Lynch while still having the reserve and attention to detail of cinematographers such as Bradford Young, Agnes Godard, and Christopher Doyle.
Update #9 - One more day and a sincere thank-you!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
We only have one day left! Please continue to spread the word as much as possible so we can reach our goal. So close and thank you so much!
Update #8 - Galway McCullough talking about "The Night Owl"
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
One of our two main actor's Galway McCullough giving a little insight into the film!
Update #7 - Work in the Art-work and INDIEwire
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Went over to Adam Mazer's to start working out some details on the mini-poster "Executive Producer" backers at the $1000 will get.
Selected "Project of the Day" by INDIEwire magazine. Take a look here... http://www.indiewire.com/article/project-of-the-day-the-night-owl-20140814
Update # 6 - Discussions on the Film
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Galway, Jason and I got together for the first time last night to start discussing the film. Had some really great conversations!
Update # 5 - Working Through Logistics
Sacha (left), Andrew (center), Anthony (right)
Starting to get the pieces together with my cinematographer and producer. Not our deep contemplations.
Who's Making This?
Director
Anthony Nicolau was born and raised in St. Louis, MO where they graduated from Webster University with a BA in film production. Shortly after they moved to Brooklyn, NY where they have been making films and working in the industry. Their first short film "Laundromat" was completely self-produced and accepted into the New Filmmaker's Series put on by the world renowned Anthology Film Archive. Their second short film "A Wedding Day" was featured in numerous festivals and won the Audience Choice Award at the Brooklyn Art's Council's Scene: Brooklyn festival. In the meantime, they have produced and directed two smaller projects, a comedy piece "I Run: An Inspirational Running Video Parody" and a comedy art piece "Another Use for Coconut Oil". Most recently they were a producer on the short film "Pink Moon" by acclaimed director Sal Bardo. You can view all of their prior work below...
Anthony's past films
Actor
Jason Quarles is an acclaimed New York City theater and film actor. They have performed in "Hoi Polloi: Republic", a play, commissioned by Duke University, based on Plato's Republic. Most recently they starred in "Sonic Life of a Giant Tortoise" which was a New York Times "Critics Pick" and a Time Out New York "Critic's Pick". Their most recent film project was the feature film "Towheads" directed by Shannon Plumb. Towheads played at the acclaimed Rotterdam Film Festival and was written up in the New York Times and Variety upon its release.
Actor
Galway McCullough moved to NYC from Minneapolis in 2003.  They are an actor, director and fight choreographer and is a member of SAG/AFTRA and AEA. Notable stage appearances in NYC include "Caligula" starring Andre de Shields at The Classical Theatre of Harlem. They have worked on HBO's "Boardwalk Empire", ABC's "What Would You Do", was beheaded in a film that screened at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, has had national voice-overs and their face on a billboard.
Cinematographer
Andrew Trost is a cinematographer from St. Louis, Missouri, currently based in New York City. They recently shot the short film "The Sound " (Dir. Sacha Iskra), which has won multiple awards and is currently being seen in film festivals around the world. Via director Rick Kaplan and Sherpa Productions, Andrew has also collaborated with Canon by testing their cinema equipment, notably their most popular cinema camera, the C300, on film projects around the country, including a music video in New Orleans and a feature film in St. Louis.
In 2011 Andrew shot the commercial, "Most Inspiring Gym" (Dir. Scott McDermott), for Chelsea Piers Sports Center, which went on to win the award for "Best Visual Experience" in the APA Short Video Contest. Andrew's collaboration with world renowned still photographer and director Scott McDermott continued this year with a commercial for AI Cure. Other commercial clients include Toyota, Supima Cotton, and Lysol. Please watch their cinematography reel below...
Producer
Sacha Iskra is a writer and producer with Coffee Ring Films. Them short film, "The Sound," is currently in film festivals and recently won best short film at New Jersey International Film Festival. Through Coffee Ring Films, they have also produced "Pink Moon" and "The Waltz" and is currently working on the production company's first web series and feature film. You can view their production company website at the link below...
Coffee Ring Films
Associate Producer
Kari Nicolle is a storyteller. Originally from the San Francisco Bay Area they moved to New York to attend NYU's Tisch School of the Arts where they studied at the Atlantic Theater Company. Graduating with honors, a BFA in Drama, and minoring in English. For five years they were the Managing Director of a New York City based theater company who's "mission was to tell stories that explore the threads connecting fantasy and reality, finding truth in the muddy in-between." The company produced numerous plays as well as a workshop series for new work. As an actor they have worked on Broadway on Film and on TV. They can also be found around NYC teaching epic indoor cycling classes at Flywheel Sports.
Chief Lighting Technician
Keagan Fuller is a freelance lighting technician based in Queens, New York. They continually work on a large variety of features, commercials and short films. Some films they have worked on include "Sleepwalk with Me" (Dir. Mike Birbiglia) and "Cold in July" (Dir. Jim Mickle). You can find a list of their film work below...
Keagan's IMDB page
What Will the Money Be Used For?
Even with all the recent advances in film technology, it is still expensive to make a film properly, and more goes into it than one would expect. For starters, we need talented crew and actors who will be paid for their hard work. Additional expenses include equipment, location, art, insurance, food, and transportation.
Below is a breakdown of what we need to properly execute the production on the bare minimum...
We've chosen to shoot with the industry standard Arri Alexa camera
We will be using professional lighting equipment from Arri, Kino, Mole and Joker
Professional Equipment Rentals: $4200
Crew and Actor Payment: $2500 (up to 10 people)
Locations Fees: $1000 (up to four locations)
Food and Travel: $1500
Other Production Costs (little things add up): $800
Thank You!!!
Thanks for taking a moment to view my project! I am incredibly grateful for any support you can give. I want to make this project with you and quite frankly, cannot do it without your support. This film is a departure for me into filmmaking that is not only intellectually stimulating but suspenseful and entertaining.
If you like this project, please spread it around on Facebook, Twitter, and all other social media you use!
India has suffered from both Hindu and Muslim terrorist groups. So the attack on an automobile outside the Israeli embassy in New Delhi could easily have been carried out by an Indian group. Israel's government, a master of spin and propaganda, immediately blamed the bombing on Iran and Hizbullah. But there is no evidence for this cynical allegation, which makes no sense. India is Iran's economic lifeline, and Tehran would not likely risk such an operation at this time.
India gets 12% of its oil from Iran and sees an $8 billion annual export opportunity in filling the trade vacuum left by unilateral US and European boycotts of Iran. Contrary to a bad Reuters article, Indian officials denied Tuesday that the bombing would affect trade ties. (Logical because no evidence points to Iran.)
Indian investigators are first rate. Based on the modus operandi, their initial thesis is that the attack was the work of the “Indian Mujahidin” group. It had used a similar remote controlled sticky bomb, placed by a motorcyclist, in an attack on Taiwanese tourists outside the Jama Masjid cathedral mosque in 2010. IM is a Sunni group, not connected to Iran, and doesn't like Shiite Muslims (Iranians are Shiites). IM like other Sunni radicals support the Palestinians and they are unhappy with increasingly close ties between India and Israel.
American media that just parrot notorious thug, Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman in this unlikely allegation are allowing themselves to be used for propaganda. Why not interview Indian authorities on this matter? They are on the ground and have excellent forensic (“CSI”) abilities. Stop being so lazy and blinkered; that isn't journalism.
Mitt Romney still faces a public that views them more unfavorably than favorably, and the gap between the two opinions has grown in recent months, according to a Washington Post/ABC News poll released Wednesday.
About 40 percent of voters told pollsters they view the Republican hopeful favorably, consistent with their numbers in May. Since then, though, the percentage of those who view them unfavorably went from 45 percent to 49 percent, according to the poll.
The percentage of Americans who viewed Romney unfavorably peaked at 50 percent in a March 25 Washington Post/ABC News poll, before dropping to 45 percent in a May 27 poll.
Obama is doing better: The poll found 53 percent of voters hold favorable opinions of him, while 43 percent hold unfavorable ones. They also hold an advantage with independents, a key group in the upcoming election. More than half of independents -- 53 percent -- said they view Obama favorably, compared to the 40 percent who said they didn't. Romney's favorability among independents is the reverse, with half viewing them unfavorably and 37 percent saying they hold a favorable opinion of him.
Within their own parties, each candidate holds high favorability numbers, although more Democrats feel "strongly favorable" toward Obama -- 61 percent -- than Republicans feel "strongly favorable" toward Romney -- 41 percent.
Undoubtedly of the most highly-anticipated enterprise tech IPOs of the year , Box is officially moving toward becoming a publicly-traded company.
The enterprise cloud storage provider affirmed via Twitter on Monday afternoon that it had filed the initial paperwork with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Box's S-1 will be publicly filed this afternoon. This tweet does not constitute an offer of any securities for sale. — Box (@BoxHQ) March 24, 2014
Here's a glance at the state of Box, by the numbers, based on the S-1 filing:
25 million+ registered users as of January 31
34,000+ companies paying to use the platform
972 employees as of January 31, 2014 -- up from 369 at the same point in 2012
Revenue climbed 111 percent year-over-year to $124.2 million by the end of January 2014
But there have been some notable net losses along the way: $50.3 million, $112.6 million and $168.6 million year-over-year for the 12-month time frames ending December 31, 2011, January 31, 2013 and 2014, respectively.
Anticipation for this particular IPO has been growing steadily over the last year since co-founder and CEO Aaron Levie revealed plans to Bloomberg in January 2013. Rumors started to pick up during the fall , reaching a fever pitch at the end of January 2014 with speculation over a secret filing.
A few weeks ago , Bloomberg then reported Box was planning to double its revenue this year to more than $200 million, with Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, and JPMorgan Chase working the IPO.
Those financial institutions, among a few others, did indeed headline the S-1 filing.
Describing itself as "emerging growth company," Box is following Twitter's path and headed to the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol, "BOX." The enterprise software darling is looking to raise $250 million.
Also demonstrated by Twitter's IPO filing in September , a company seeking to go public can file confidentially if it is valued at less than $1 billion, under the Jump start Our Businesses ACT, a.k.a. the JOBS act.
Up until now, Box's estimated worth has been pegged between $1.2 billion and $3 billion, based on a Wall Street Journal assessment back in December. That was amid completing a Series F round of venture capital fundraising, garnering $100 million.
The Los Altos, Calif.-based company was founded in 2005 by Levie and chief financial officer Dylan Smith.
[For the full origin story behind Box, head over to ZDNet sister site TechRepublic for the complete account about how Levie and their childhood friends founded the software company and continue to run it harmoniously to this day.]
Simplified from Box.net to Box, the company has since grown to employ nearly 1,000 people, most of whom are based in Silicon Valley. Additional sales offices have popped up in San Francisco and London with international expansion continuing throughout Europe and soon Asia.
Growing its repertoire of services from much more than just cloud-based storage space, Box.com has emerged as a fully-fledged collaboration and productivity platform of apps and services for the enterprise. With more than 200,000 businesses already subscribed, Box asserts that it serves 97 percent of the Fortune 500.
Box's eye on the enterprise is what typically separates itself from more consumer-focused software startups and private companies, such as Dropbox and even Evernote -- although both of which (among others) have stepped up their game in serving business customers.
Box has also built out a platform of third-party apps and integrations with the likes of Oracle and NetSuite as well as partners/sometimes competitors like Google and Salesforce.com .
The company has also proceeded with tackling individual verticals one at a time , leaping into the healthcare IT space last year followed by legal-focused apps and security certifications .
In accordance with a strategy fusing industry partnerships with many homegrown products, Box has also made a few calculated acquisitions over the years.
Those include online document toolmaker Increo Solutions in 2009, iOS app Folders and document embedding service Crocodoc in May 2013 , and dLoop in November 2013 for stepping up data analytics and security.
Box also made a number of leadership additions lately, most recently with the appointment of Cisco CTO Padmasree Warrior to the company's board, bringing the total tally up to nine members.
Earlier this month , the Los Altos, Calif.-headquartered brand revealed it had tapped Aneesh Chopra, first CTO of the United States, and Glen Tullman, former CEO of electronic healthcare solutions provider Allscripts, as special advisors for consultation around the cloud company's evolving healthcare industry game plan.
One of the more attention-grabbing recruits who signed on last summer was former Microsoft exec Steven Sinofsky , who served as president of the Windows division before they left the Redmond, Wash.-based corporation in 2012.
In the S-1 registration statement, Box acknowledged Microsoft as well as Citrix, Dropbox, EMC, and Google as its chief competitors in the cloud industry.
"Scarborough Fair" is a traditional English ballad (existing in more than one version) that hangs, in some versions at least, upon a possible visit by an unidentified person (the "third party") to the Yorkshire town of Scarborough.
The song implies the tale of a man who instructs the third party to tell their former love, who lives in said fair town, to perform for them a series of impossible tasks, such as making for them a shirt without a seam and no needlework and then washing it in a dry empty well, adding that if they were to complete these tasks they would take them back into their affections. Often the song is sung as a duet, with the woman then giving them sometime lover a series of equally impossible tasks, promising to give them their seamless shirt and their heart once they have finished.
As the versions of the ballad known under the title "Scarborough Fair" are usually limited to the exchange of these impossible tasks, many suggestions concerning the plot have been proposed, including the hypothesis that it is about the Great Plague of the late Middle Ages. The lyrics of "Scarborough Fair" appear to have something in common with an obscure Scottish ballad, The Elfin Knight (Child Ballad #2),[1] which has been traced as far back as 1670 and may well be earlier. In this ballad, an elf threatens to abduct a young woman to be their lover unless they can perform an impossible task ("For thou must shape a sark to me / Without any cut or heme, quoth he"); they respond with a list of tasks that they must first perform ("I have an aiker of good ley-land / Which lyeth low by yon sea-strand").
The melody is in Dorian mode, and is very typical of the middle English period.
As the song spread, it was adapted, modified and rewritten to the point that dozens of versions existed by the end of the 18th century, although only a few are typically sung nowadays. The references to the traditional English fair, "Scarborough Fair" and the refrain "parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme" date to 19th century versions and the refrain may have been borrowed from the ballad Riddles Wisely Expounded, (Child Ballad #1), which has a similar plot. A number of older versions refer to locations other than Scarborough Fair, including Wittingham Fair, Cape Ann, "twixt Berwik and Lyne", etc. Many versions do not mention a place-name and are often generically titled ("The Lovers' Tasks", "My Father Gave Me an Acre of Land", etc.).
Lyrics [ edit ]
As a popular and widely distributed song from 1946-1968, there are many versions of the lyrics. The one here, intended as a duet by a man and a woman, includes the place after which it is named:
Male part:
Are you going to Scarborough Fair? Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; Remember me to one who lives there, For they were once a true love of mine.
Tell them to make me a cambric shirt, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; Without any seam or needlework, Then they shall be a true love of mine.
Tell them to wash it in yonder well, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; Where never sprung water or rain ever fell, And they shall be a true lover of mine.
Tell them to dry it on yonder thorn, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; Which never bore blossom since Adam was born, Then they shall be a true lover of mine.
Female part:
Now they have asked me questions three, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; I hope he'll answer as many for me, Before they shall be a true lover of mine.
Tell them to buy me an acre of land, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; Between the salt water and the sea sand, Then they shall be a true lover of mine.
Tell them to plough it with a ram's horn, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; And sow it all over with one peppercorn, And they shall be a true lover of mine.
Tell them to sheer't with a sickle of leather, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme; And bind it up with a peacock's feather, And they shall be a true lover of mine.
Tell them to thrash it on yonder wall, Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme, And never let one corn of it fall, Then they shall be a true lover of mine.
When they have done and finished their work. Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme: Oh, tell them to come and he'll have their shirt, And they shall be a true lover of mine.
Alternative refrains [ edit ]
The oldest versions of The Elfin Knight (circa 1650) contain the refrain "my plaid away, my plaid away, the wind shall not blow my plaid away". Slightly more recent versions often contain one of a group of related refrains:
Sober and grave grows merry in time
Every rose grows merry with time
There's never a rose grows fairer with time
Yesterday holds memories in time
These are usually paired with "Once (s)he was a true love of mine" or some variant. "Parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme" may simply be an alternate rhyming refrain to the original based on a corruption of "grows merry in time" into "rosemary and thyme".
Commercial versions [ edit ]
The earliest commercial recording of the ballad was by actor/singers Gordon Heath and Lee Payant, Americans who ran a cafe and nightclub, L'Abbaye, on the Rive Gauche in Paris. They recorded the song on the Elektra album Encores From The Abbaye in 1955.[2][3] Their version used the melody from Frank Kidson's collection Traditional Tunes, published in 1891, which reported it as being "as sung in Whitby streets twenty or thirty years ago", or about the 1860s.[4]
The song was also included on A. L. Lloyd's 1955 album The English And Scottish Popular Ballads, using Kidson's melody. The version using the melody later used by Simon & Garfunkel in "Scarborough Fair/Canticle" was first recorded on a 1956 album, English Folk Songs, by Audrey Coppard.[4][5] It was included by Ewan MacColl on Matching Songs For The British Isles And America (1957), by MacColl and Peggy Seeger on The Singing Island (1960), and by Shirley Collins on the album False True Lovers (1959).[3][4][6] It is likely that both Coppard and Collins learned it from MacColl, who claimed to have collected it "in part" from a Scottish miner. According to the Teesdale Mercury and Martin Carthy's daughter, it emerged that researcher-musician MacColl wrote a book of Teesdale folk songs after hearing Mark Anderson sing in the late 1940s. The book included Anderson's rendition of a little-known song called "Scarborough Fair". However, according to Alan Lomax, MacColl's source was probably Cecil Sharp's One Hundred English Folk Songs, published in 1916.[6][7]. The melody in 'One Hundred English Folksongs' is not that used by MacColl or later artists.
In April 1966, Marianne Faithfull recorded and released their own take on "Scarborough Fair" on their album North Country Maid about six months prior to Simon & Garfunkel's release of their single version of the song in October 1966.[8]
The song also appears in the 2017 anime television series WorldEnd; it is sung by Tamaru Yamada and appears several times in the show.
Simon & Garfunkel [ edit ]
Paul Simon learned the song in London in 1965 from Martin Carthy,[9][10] who had picked up the tune from the songbook by Ewan MacColl and Peggy Seeger[11] and included it on their eponymous 1965 album. Simon & Garfunkel set it in counterpoint with "Canticle" – a reworking of the lyrics from Simon's 1963 anti-war song, "The Side of a Hill",[12] set to a new melody composed mainly by Art Garfunkel.[11][13] Scarborough Fair/Canticle was the lead track of the 1966 album Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme, and was released as a single after being featured on the soundtrack to The Graduate in 1968.[11] The copyright credited only Simon and Garfunkel as the authors, causing ill-feeling on the part of Carthy, who felt the "traditional" source should have been credited.[11] This rift remained until Simon invited Carthy to perform the song with them as a duet at a London concert in 2000.[11] Simon performed this song with The Muppets when they guest starred on The Muppet Show.
Before Simon had learned the song, Bob Dylan had borrowed the melody and several lines from Carthy's arrangement to create their song, "Girl from the North Country",[14] which featured on The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan (1963), Nashville Skyline (1969) (together with Johnny Cash), Real Live (1984) and The 30th Anniversary Concert Celebration (1993).
The Coolies' first album, dig..?, released in 1986 by DB Records, consisted of nine tongue-in-cheek covers of Simon & Garfunkel classics, including this track. "Scarborough Fair" b/w "The Sound of Silence" was released as a 7" single.
Chart performance [ edit ]
Chart (1968) Peak
position Australian Kent Music Report 49 Irish Singles Chart 5 UK Singles Chart[15] 9 US Billboard Hot 100 11
Other recordings [ edit ]
Things aren't going well for two of the country's top health agencies—the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Tuesday, USA Today reported that the CDC has repeatedly faced secret federal sanctions over the mishandling of bioterror pathogens in several of its labs. The report, which came about only after USA Today won Freedom of Information Act appeal, reveals that the CDC is one of just a handful of facilities that had a lab suspended after serious safety violations were found. The CDC acknowledged after the FOIA appeal that its labs have gotten into trouble with federal regulators six times for unsafely handling bacteria, viruses, and/or toxins that are considered potential bioterror weapons.
The agency refused to reveal the specific labs and most of the bioterror agents involved in the mishaps, citing security reasons and the federal Bioterrorism Act. However, it vaguely described issues such as “sending improperly killed select agent pathogens to entities not approved to receive them” and storing potential bioterror weapons in “un-registered” spaces within CDC labs. The CDC said that one of the incidents involved Japanese encephalitis virus, which can cause deadly brain inflammation. The agency was quick to note that the virus is no longer considered a potential bioterror weapon by the government.
Five of the six run-ins with federal regulators have been resolved after corrective actions were put in place, the agency said. One enforcement action case remains open. However, the CDC said that all of the cases were not a cause for concern. "None of these violations resulted in a risk to the public or illness in laboratory workers," the agency said.
The same can't be said for problems found at the NIH, unfortunately. An outside review of the NIH's clinical center found “substantial operations issues” and concluded that patient safety had become “subservient to research demands.” According to a report Tuesday by the Washington Post, the review has sparked a shake-up of leadership at the hospital, including a removal of its director of 22 years, John Gallin. In their place, the agency will install a leadership structure that echoes that of other modern hospitals, including a chief executive and chief medical officer.
The NIH is currently conducting a search for candidates to run the 240-bed clinical center, which the agency says is the largest hospital in the world dedicated to research.
The review of the facility was triggered last June after an inspection revealed fungal contamination in material that was made to be injected into patients.
- A New York City subway rat has become a social media folk hero of sorts. A video posted to YouTube Monday shows a rat dragging an entire slice pizza down a flight of stairs in a subway station in Manhattan. The rat makes it almost to the bottom when it drops the slice and scurries away. Seconds later, it peers back through the railing at the slice, but the video ends there so the world will never know if #PizzaRat managed to bring the pizza home.
Comedian Matt Little shot the video in the First Avenue station on the L train line early Monday. "I know that what I saw was so strange that I couldn't record it," Little told Fox 5's Mac King. "I woke up and thumbed through my videos and saw that and said: 'Oh, I forgot I did this. This'll be fun to put up.'"
As you can imagine, Twitter and Facebook exploded with tributes to #PizzaRat. Within hours, #PizzaRat was trending with more than 20,000 users Tweeting about him.
"Pizza rat is the hero New York City deserves," Little said. "He is an inspiration to everyone. It reminds us to not only do our best but to do your best with what you have."
countdown to @dominos tweeting "Hey #pizzarat, you could have just tweeted us a pizza emoji and we could of delivered to your rat door".. — Dan Gross (@Grosssman) September 21, 2015
Talk to me when you've got a GIF of 2 rats dragging a calzone. Now THAT would be worth a twitterstorm. #pizzarat — J. Graeme Noseworthy (@graemeknows) September 21, 2015
With expansion plans in the works, the NHL and the teams that comprise it are under pressure to increase revenue. Sports are entertainment and in the entertainment business, fun is money. It's not rocket science to link a rise in the number of fans to a rise in the amount of money coming in. Every team in the NHL wants to win. Even the teams that have been rumored to have tanked for attractive draft picks want to win, albeit just a little bit farther in the future. All things considered, winning, or even the hope of winning, is good for the bottom line.
Hockey teams are businesses comprised of human beings. Most human beings, like it or not, allow their feelings about a person to dictate how much latitude and gratitude they are willing to give. If a player is well liked, works hard and listens to the coach, the coach will often like that player. That player will get more latitude for the mistakes they make and more gratitude when they do something well.
The coach's feelings about a player will often direct their eye away from the player's deficiencies and toward their strengths. This works the opposite way as well. If the coach is not very fond of a player for whatever reason (preconceived ideas of the player's skill level, work ethic, personality, etc…), they are more likely to see that player's mistakes or shortcomings than their talents. This is often referred to as “confirmation bias” and it is just basic human nature inside and outside of sports.
The problem with this part of human nature is that it leads to decisions based on skewed information. Looking at this through the lens of hockey as a business, this can have a negative impact on the bottom line. The business of sports is about gaining a competitive advantage and confirmation bias often hinders this. Gaining a competitive advantage when management and coaching are not on the same page can be a monumental chore.
If team management thinks a player is a good investment, but the coach is not willing to play him, there has to be a reason. If team management thinks a player is a poor investment, but the coach favors him, there has to be a reason. Perhaps it is that the player just isn't as skilled as the GM thought and their play after being acquired shows that, or perhaps the coach has formed an opinion of the player that is skewing their judgment of that player's strengths and weaknesses. Whatever the reason for the disconnect, something is being lost in translation between team management and the coach.
You'd be hard pressed to find a coach in the NHL who doesn't want to win. I think it is safe to proceed under the assumption that every coach is doing what they think is the best for their team. Team management obviously has the burden of financial constraints to worry about, but I think it's safe to assume they want to do the best they can for the team given what they have to work with in terms of a budget.
If everyone involved wants to do what is best for the team, then why is it that the coach seems to favor using Player X when management traded for Player Y with the goal of filling a deficiency on the team? Every team has an example, or ten, of this situation each season. When the gamble taken on a player is small, this kind of disconnect often isn't that big of a deal. When the contract that player holds has a more substantial hit on the salary cap or the player costs a significant price in terms of draft picks, prospects or roster players, the disconnect is a big deal.
Regardless of the reason behind this phenomenon, teams cannot afford to have this happen very often in a hard salary cap league. When competitive advantage is getting slimmer with the passing of every season, teams must work to be as efficient and creative as possible in getting value from the players on the roster and in the system. The negative impact of human nature's built in biases need to be minimized to do that. As we all know, statistics, in their many and varied forms, can help accomplish this.
At this point in the evolution of hockey, teams that are not known to have invested in statistical analysis are often looked at as being behind the times. Teams that have publicly announced investments in statistical analysis are often viewed as smarter than the others.
Here's the issue: regardless of how advanced, predictive, unique, or amazing the statistical analysis out there may be, if the coach or management do not get a sense of its usefulness or value, it won't make any difference to the team.
A team can hire the smartest, most renowned statistical thinker and all of it will be for naught if the coach, GM and analyst aren't speaking the same language. This is by no means meant to suggest that coaches and GMs are incapable of understanding statistics or analytics or whatever the favored term of the day is, or that statisticians are incapable of understanding the game of hockey. What it means is that the people in these roles often speak different languages.
Much of the predictive modeling and cutting edge mathematics based work being done in hockey is being carried out by people who specialize in those fields. Building a predictive model is not easy and probably not something that is in the every day skill set of many of us. Mathematics, probabilities, and the like are their language.
In hockey, the coaches have often spent much of their lives learning and living hockey every day. They have built relationships with players to understand how to motivate them. Their knowledge of the game and managing players is often not in the every day skill set of many of us. Hockey is their language.
Hockey and statistics are two different languages. People are far more likely to be persuaded by information they can grasp quickly than by something they have to read or hear repeatedly to get. It has nothing to do with intelligence; it has to do with comfort and familiarity.
You may have learned that War and Peace is an acclaimed novel, but if someone gives you a copy of it printed in Russian and you speak English, you aren't going to get much of Tolstoy's message. You could, of course, take the time to learn Russian in order to appreciate the book, but you could also just get a copy of it in your native language.
In order to exploit the competitive advantage that using statistical data can provide in hockey and minimize the impact of confirmation bias (human nature), the data has to be translated into actionable information. The data has to be put into a practical, usable form. Simply telling a coach that Player X is better than Player Y is not going to persuade them to change their thinking or challenge their opinion of a player. It is also not going to help the coach determine what the player can improve upon, identify a player's strengths and weaknesses, figure out a way to maximize or minimize their impact, or decide whether a player's use within a system needs to be adjusted. It is not going to help a GM identify players who will provide value to the team or identify needs the team has that must be addressed in order to improve.
Statistics, as a competitive advantage, are only an advantage if they are useful to the team. The whole purpose of statistical analysis in terms of coaching is to give the coach the ability to make informed decisions. If the coach can't envision a way that the information will create tangible results on the ice, they are not going to be persuaded. The coach has to be able to trust that the analyst knows what they or they are talking about if there is to be any hope that the coach will trust the information.
Combining the statistical language and the hockey language into something actionable requires the analyst to not only understand both languages, but to have the ability to derive and translate the meaning from one language to the other. This will go a long way to establishing that trust and as a result, providing a real competitive advantage.
There are many possibilities for using statistical data in hockey. Provided the knowledge is there, the only real limits lie in the time the person has to put into it and their or their creativity. Every day incredibly smart people are applying their knowledge of mathematical and statistical theory to hockey. This is the way that our knowledge base will expand and grow.
Experimenting with different metrics and theories helps identify predictive and useful data about the sport. When coupled with the people using their knowledge and creativity to come up with ways to track different aspects of the game, the result is a set of tools that organizations can use to analyze and evaluate the team, players, prospects, systems, trade targets, and even their opponents.
The use of statistical analysis in hockey isn't an attempt to reinvent the wheel. Statistical analysis gives us a set of tools we can use to analyze, evaluate and improve the wheel. The more the practical value of these tools is made apparent, the more coaches and GMs will be persuaded to use it to the advantage of their teams and thus, their bottom lines.
Advertisements
River dolphins of Asia and South America are one of the most endangered species in the world. Their principle threats are human-made and include negative interactions with fisheries, poisoning and hunting by fishermen, river pollution and hydrocarbons, and fragmentation of their habitat due to dam construction. They are considered to be an important quality indicator of the aquatic ecosystems they inhabit.
In the face of such threats, a study was conducted to understand the state of the Amazonian river dolphin population. Researches traveled more than 7,000 kilometers of rivers in the Amazon and Orinoco, through Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. Thanks to these research trips, the most significant threats to the species were identified, a network of important work between organizations and researchers was generated, and a global communication strategy was implemented. Furthermore, this research also confirmed the existence of the endemic river dolphin species of Bolivia (Inia boliviensis).
Distinguishing Features
Paul van Damme is the director of the NGO FaunAgua, a Bolivian institution that takes the lead in dolphin research, promoting participatory studies in the Bolivian Amazon. According to van Damme, males can measure up to 2.55 meters long and weigh between 160 and 180 kilograms, while females measure up to 2.16 meters and weigh approximately 100 kilograms. This dolphin has been seen alone and also in groups of up to 19 individuals, which can be composed by several males hunting together, or females with their young.
It is estimated that the gestation period lasts 10 to 11 months. According to van Damme, you can observe females with their babies throughout the year, which suggests that the reproduction is performed in both seasons: In high water and low water.
Bolivian river dolphins (Inia boliviensis) share many anatomical similarities with the Inia geoffrensis species. The Inia species strictly live in freshwater and have certain adaptations to the environment in which they live. Manuel Ruiz Garcia, Spanish biologist explains that some notable features of the Inia boliviensis include the slightly smaller size when compared to the pink dolphins that exist in Peru and Brazil. Another difference is coloring. The Bolivian dolphin is paler which, according to some researchers, is caused due to temperature, water clarity and physical activity. They can be found in the Bolivian Amazon, most specifically in the Madidi and Aquicuana Reserves. Companies such as Fremen and RutaVerde provide tourist the opportunity to see the endemic bufeo close up. Guests of the retreat center, Pisatahua, also have the opportunity to observe the pink dolphin in its native habitat.
Plan for Conservation
Building upon the asupervisorstioned studies to determine the conservation status of river dolphins in South America, a continent-wide conservation plan was implemented. According to Fernando Trujillo, scientific director of Omacha Foundation, the plan began in 2008 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, in a meeting with 50 experts from 11 countries. The meeting included international government representatives, researchers and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
It took nearly 2 years to complete a plan which reflected the unique situations and needs of all countries, while identifying the most urgent actions to ensure the survival of these species in South America. The South American plan highlighted the need to generate economic alternatives for local communities to implement conservation strategies. “We emphasize touristic activities around dolphins, which already exist in Colombia, as the observation of this species in its natural habitat, promoting the participation of fishing communities”, remarks the researcher Trujillo.
Saulo Usma, WWF official and another dolphin expert, explains that the continent-wide strategy proposes an action plan for each country, which responds to the context of each nation. Currently there are already plans for Colombia and Bolivia, with extensive governmental support.
“River dolphins are seriously threatened and endangered species in other continents. However South America and particularly Bolivia, still have populations of river dolphins in relatively good condition”, said Fernando Trujillo. Nevertheless, Trujillo expressed their concerns stating: “We still have time to take the necessary measures to prevent our dolphins from suffering the same fate as the Asian ones”.
Aligarh DM passes insensitive comment on martyrs
India
oi-Pallavi
Aligarh, Sept 16: The district magistrate (DM) of Aligarh Rajiv Rauleta has shocked everyone by their insensitive comments on the martyrs and their families.
The insensitivity went to the extent of comparing them with the American soldiers. "India is a land of mourners", they said and adding to the sarcasm, added,"After every soldier dies in the war front, families demand compensation from the government. Why so? Afterall, it is the duty of the soldiers to lay down their lives in the war front. Have you ever seen American families mourning for their martyrs on television and asking for compensations?"
The sarcasm went to the extent of dishonour when they said "Servicemen have a contract for 12 years and after that they are being given a pension and various other allowances. This is against their pledge to laid down their lives in the war front."
Till now no action has been taken against the DM for their sharp jibes at my martyr.
OneIndia News
MIAMI — Authorities say three Florida men planned to travel to Syria and become fighters for the Islamic State.
Federal prosecutors said in a news release Friday that 52-year-old Gregory Hubbard, 31-year-old Dayne Christian and 50-year-old Darren Jackson of Palm Beach County are charged with conspiring to join the Islamic State. They were arrested Thursday.
An FBI report says the three told an informant last year about plans to go to Syria, and spoke approvingly of terror attacks in Orlando, San Bernardino, California, and elsewhere. It also says they talked about attacking the White House or Pentagon but took no specific steps.
The three are being held pending arraignment.
A woman who answered the phone at the Federal Public Defender's office Friday said they had no record of the defendants.
The government, which has fought the case for over a decade, now has two months to decide whether to appeal before the photos are released.
NEW YORK // The US must release photographs showing abuse of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge has ruled in a long-running clash over letting the world see potentially disturbing images of how the military treated prisoners.
Judge Alvin Hellerstein's ruling on Friday gives the government, which has fought the case for over a decade, two months to decide whether to appeal before the photos could be released. The American Civil Liberties Union has been seeking to make them public in the name of holding government accountable.
The defence department is studying the ruling and will make any further responses in court, spokesperson Lt Col Myles Caggins III said. ACLU representatives didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday night.
The ACLU has said the pictures “are manifestly important to an ongoing national debate about governmental accountability for the abuse of prisoners.”
The fight over the photographs reaches back to the early years of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and it invokes the images of abuse at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq that sparked international outrage after they emerged in 2004 and 2006. Early in the 2004 lawsuit, the ACLU pointed to the Abu Ghraib photos as priority examples of records the organisation was seeking on the treatment of detainees.
It's unclear how many more photographs may exist. The government has said it has 29 relevant pictures from at least seven different sites in Afghanistan and Iraq, and it's believed to have perhaps hundreds or thousands more, judge Hellerstein said in a ruling in August. They said some photos they had seen “are relatively innocuous while others need more serious consideration,” and they have ruled that any images that would be released would be redacted to protect the identities of people in them.
Some photographs, taken by service members in Iraq and Afghanistan, were part of criminal investigations of alleged abuse. Some images show “soldiers pointing pistols or rifles at the heads of hooded and handcuffed detainees,” then-solicitor general – now supreme court justice – Elena Kagan wrote in an appeal to the high court earlier in the case, which has taken a long road through the courts and US Congress.
The government has long argued that releasing the photographs could incite attacks against US forces and government personnel abroad, and officials have said that risk hasn't abated as the US military role in Iraq and Afghanistan lessened.
Indeed, “the danger associated with release of these photographs is heightened now,” amid the rise of ISIL, navy rear adm Sinclair Harris, vice director for operations for the joint chiefs of staff, said in a December court filing. ISIL “would use these photographs to further encourage its supporters and followers to attack US military and government personnel”, they said.
Amid the lawsuit, congress passed a 2009 law allowing the government to keep the photos secret if the secretary of defence certified that unveiling them would endanger US citizens or government or military personnel.
Defence secretaries have since done so, but judge Hellerstein said the government hasn't been specific enough.
* Associated Press
No matter what the weather, no matter how tasty the Eid breakfast, no matter how well I felt my Ramadan went, for many years after I converted to Islam, I followed the same old Eid pattern.
Wake up. Pray Fajr. Eat breakfast. Go to Eid Prayer.
Then I, my husband or both of us, would go to school or work. It was anti-climactic at best.
After a month of character building, spiritual highs and building a better relationship with the Quran, it was always right back to pre-Ramadan business as usual, hoping to keep the lessons and increased faith as we exited the month un-commemorated.
Until one year, I said enough! I put my foot down and didn't go into work. I took the day off of school and insisted my husband do the same. Guess what happened?
No, the world didn't fall apart. No, we didn't fail our classes. We actually enjoyed ourselves.
We spent time to acknowledge what Ramadan meant to us and to celebrate our successes in it. And because of our celebration we felt more Muslim somehow. We felt closer to our community. We felt better prepared to move on and face the challenges of life outside of Ramadan.
In the Western world where few even know what Eid is, it is very difficult to get out of day to day commitments to celebrate the holiday or rather the holy day. It is even more difficult to have that holiday feeling when those around you are treating the day like any other ordinary day.
As converts, we have to give up a lot of our old holidays when we come into Islam. Giving up holidays where everyone is celebrating and everything is decorated can be difficult.
Many of us treasure our holiday memories and family traditions. But as Muslim we are not left with nothing in the place of our old tradition. As converts we can and must make new traditions and create a holiday feeling for ourselves.
Why Celebrate?
For Gratification and Gratitude
It is important to carve out time on Eid al-Fitr day to take a moment and punctuate your success in Ramadan. Celebrating the achievement of our goals can do a lot to help us have a healthy outlook on future goals. For many of us converts who didn't have the years and years of training in fasting as children when it is OK to slip up, Ramadan can prove to be a challenge.
So once we have reached our Ramadan goals, why shouldn't we celebrate, why shouldn't we take the time to congratulate ourselves and be thankful to Allah for guiding us? When we fail to take time to celebrate our successes and thankfulness we unintentionally ignore them.
To Feel Belonging
Eid is a group celebration. Celebrating as a group bestows a sense of belonging, something crucial to feeling fulfilled. Many converts feel isolated from their community and refuse to even attend Eid prayer, citing that a lot of born Muslims are guarded when it comes to converts. Even though this kind of treatment is unacceptable, for converts to miss out on Eid prayer is a mistake and a missed opportunity.
Being present at celebrations like Eid will allow regular members of the community to become familiar with us. And when we involve ourselves more and more in the Islamic gatherings, like Eid, we start to feel a sense of belonging and fulfillment.
To Shape Our Identity
Celebrating Eid shapes our identity as Muslims. The hadith:
“Whoever imitates a people is from them.” (Abu Dawud)
Meaning that once you imitate, try to copy, you are no longer just imitating you are actually that type of person. This is often cited when talking about imitating the non-Muslims. But what does it mean when it comes to being Muslims?
Usually when we think of imitation of others, we think of it in terms of an insult of debasing ourselves. But this is not true when we imitate the best of humankind-the imitation of the Prophet Muhammad.
When we become Muslims and do as the Prophet did, this no longer is a type of imitation as the hadith suggests. We are in reality from the Muslims. Celebrating Eid al-Fitr can do a lot to shape that Islamic identity.
How to Celebrate
It was narrated that Aishah said:
“Abu Bakr entered upon me and there were two of the young girls of the Ansar with me who were singing the verses that the Ansar had recited on the day of Bu'ath.”
They said:
“But they were known to be singers.”
Abu Bakr said:
“Wind instruments of the Satan in the house of Allah's Messenger (peace be upon him)?”
That was the day of Eid. Allah's Messenger said:
“O Abu Bakr! Every people have their Eid and this is our Eid.”
In another narration it is said that Allah's Messenger said:
“Let them be O' Abu Bakr, for these are the days of Eid.” (Muslim)
Take off of Work or School
Taking the day off should be a no brainer, but to many converts it is hard for many reasons. But taking the day of Eid off is necessary to feel fulfilled, to feel belonging, to shape our Muslim identity.
Notify your boss/ teacher/ professors in advance that you will not be attending on the day of Eid. Explain to them what Eid is. If they don't recognize this Muslim holiday, offer to get a note from the Imam of your community. Every employer and school has a different situation, be kind and courteous about asking off but firm in insisting on your religious freedom.
Wear Your Best Clothes or Buy New Clothes
Any woman will tell you that nothing makes an event feel more special than a new outfit. This is not just true for women. Fine clothes have the capability to boost our mood.
Go shopping for your Eid outfit and have it ready to go on the morning of Eid. If you're not interested in purchasing a new garment, wear something that is special to you. When you look special, you will feel special. When you feel special, you look special.
Remember both men and women should remain modest and stay within the limits set by Allah when selecting their Eid attire.
Be in Good Company
If your community is hosting a gathering post Eid prayer- go! If you feel shy to go alone, take someone you know with you (even a non-Muslim- this can be good dawah). Spend time with your family or friends if you can. Invite Muslims in your area to spend time with you doing fun activities.
If you have no Muslim family or friends, invite a non-Muslim friend or family member to play hooky and spend the day with you (don't encourage them to lie, but see if they can take a personal day off).
If there is no way to be with someone on Eid, Skype a Muslim friend who lives far away. Celebrate with an online community by spreading congratulations and pictures of your Eid. Be positive and remember that one quarter of the world is celebrating Eid with you.
Pamper Yourself
Treat yourself like you would on your birthday or Christmas before you converted. Buy yourself flowers, a present, or take yourself to your favorite restaurant. Use the good china for meals at home. Take a bubble bath. Create a new tradition for yourself (and your family if they are Muslim). Try writing a letter to yourself to read at the beginning of next Ramadan for encouragement.
Give yourself permission to be happy on Eid. A little happiness can go a long way. There are so many reasons to celebrate Eid, and so many ways in which to do it. Why let this Eid al-Fitr slip by uncelebrated?
The Climate Wars. Posted by Pointman on March 2, 2012 · 118 Comments
If you've ever fought someone much bigger and stronger than you, then you learn some lessons quickly or you perish. If you stand your ground, they'll destroy you, because they're just so much more powerful than you, so you give ground.
You've still got to fight them, so you jab at them as you give ground and go slowly backwards. That's just tactics. Ground means nothing; it's pinning and destroying your enemy in the end that's important. Usually, they're big bastards not used to people smaller than them standing up to them, so they go after you even harder. It's a pride thing. You're going to be made an example of and you know it. They've got pretty much everything in terms of advantages but you've got heart and mind and you want to survive, not win. That is a big difference. If you can just hang on in there, then you can maybe build from that position.
You have to stop thinking of it as a battle but just a part of a bigger campaign. Bullies do battles very well but campaigns very badly. This particular battle you've got no possibility of winning but neither are you going to lose it. The tactical objective is for it to be non-decisive. In strategic terms, you hope to win the campaign by not being exterminated in any particular battle of it. You begin to accept that you are going to have to take some bad beatings but that never means you're giving up. It's going to be a slow, miserable and painful business.
It doesn't matter how many of the opening rounds you lose because you see, by refusing to give up and die, that in itself is a victory. Too many people have already walked away from even fighting the first round; you're on your own and you know it and that's just the way the thing is.
You take the punishment but you watch them and learn about them. That left shoulder drops, prepare for that big right roundhouse. The left foot slides backward a fraction and that left shoulder rises, watch for that big right upper cut, coming all the way up from the basement. The head comes back, expect a straight jab. You learn you can break your fists on their chin because it's made out of granite. They've got big upper body development, so you could hammer away on it all day like it's a side of beef and just tire yourself out.
You learn some stuff about yourself too.
They will land the big hits on you. Some of them will be below the belt but rules like that don't matter to them, because the referee is on their side too. I suppose that's where your heart comes in. They beat the hell out of you in that round and you're on the floor looking up at them and spitting a tooth. It's all a bit fuzzy, you can't see them too well but you can see them crowing over putting you on your ass but they've made a mistake; they didn't kill you. You're still there, still alive and still in the fight and there will be another day and it will be a better one.
You might not have the strength left to get to your feet but you've got enough to rock from side to side until eventually you've got enough momentum to roll over onto your stomach. The next bit is hard; slide those knees-up under you. You do that bit and the arms are still good enough to push hard to get you on all fours. By this stage, your arms have taken encouragement from your legs, so they all act together to get you back on your feet, just in time for the next round and a bit more punishment. You're up and although a bit wobbly, ready to rock again.
They are just so strong. What can you do?
I have fought the evil anti-human thing that environmentalism metastasised into for many years. I've seen good people I had a regard for smashed into the ground by it, because in all innocence, they simply couldn't help but voice their honest concerns about the simple accuracy of the science or the logical implications of its policies, both for humanity in general and the most vulnerable people on the planet in particular.
Those people were too civilised and decent to understand what they were dealing with; raw naked brutality, so they were destroyed by it. They lost tenure, they lost jobs and they lost that inner optimism that every true scientist still retains in their silly, secret, heart of hearts, about some innate goodness or at least some basic objectivity that they always believed was at the centre of science. What they could never understand was that scientific integrity was irrelevant, it was always about politics, power and money.
They were casualties of war and shouldn't be forgotten, though they have been. Perhaps in the decades to come, someone will tell their stories. They were good people and deserve that.
You have to find new ways of fighting, because the only way of surviving in that ring with them, is never to get into that ring with them. They're simply too powerful. You're going up against official government policy, every major politician, well-funded activist organisations, the scientific establishment, the big moneymen and every organ of the media.
Fighting them with all your heart just isn't good enough; you've got to fight them with your head as well. You have to become a thinker and a planner, to use what you've learnt about them and utilise what few resources you have, to somehow come up with a strategy to beat them.
It becomes asymmetric warfare, Robert Taber's War of the Flea. When you hit them, it'll never be from the front. It's hit and run and you always come for them from behind or unexpectedly out of left field. They flail about powerfully but you duck and dive and make sure nothing lands. You learn to use their power and momentum against them, goading them to chase you into narrow situations in which you have control for a change and their full might can't be brought to bear. It's strategic JuJitsu. You fight them on your turf and on your terms, never on theirs and only when you know you have a winning tactical advantage. As long as you keep resisting them and surviving, they can't win. A long guerilla war of attrition is the only strategy available and you know it'll grind on for years and it did.
The problem the alarmists had, was that there was never anything substantial to hit back at. They had the equivalents of the big guns and the massive air support but there never was a skeptic HQ to be pounded, no big central organisation, no massed ranks of skeptic soldiers or even any third-party backing the resistance. Every one of the skeptics was a lone volunteer guerilla fighter, who needed absolutely no logistical support of any kind to continue the fight indefinitely. The alarmists never understood this, preferring to think that there simply had to be some massive hidden organisation orchestrating the resistance. While they wasted time and effort attacking targets that only existed in their head, each of the guerillas chewed on them mercilessly in their own particular way.
The closest thing they had to a target were the skeptic blogs but these were invulnerable, because they weren't owned or funded by anyone and were run by unpaid volunteers. The best they could do was vilify the bloggers and send occasional waves of trolls to disrupt the debates, which gradually but inexorably tore the heart out of the pseudo-science, which underpinned global warming.
I think the tide finally started to turn about six months before Climategate I and the Copenhagen debacle. Since then, for a number of reasons and following the various “gates”, it's all been downhill for the alarmists. I gave my thoughts on why it happened in this piece here but the sheer speed of the movement's implosion has caught everyone by surprise, including me.
When you look at the Fakegate scandal in the light of the history of the war, the reactions of both sides reflects the nature of the combatants it produced. On the day the material was published, the realists knew something concrete straight away while the alarmists fervently hoped they had something concrete. We knew it was suspect whereas they hoped it was true.
We knew it was suspect because we each knew there was no massive hidden organisation controlling and backing our efforts and there never has been either. Given that fact, the forensics began and that's why nothing much happened on the skeptic side in immediate response to the publication. Within a few days, in a collective effort using writing style and IT analysis skills that would have put the best forensic lab in the world to shame, the identity thief had been tracked down and the faked material exposed.
The NY Times, with all its resources, went into print on it using several reporters and didn't once get in touch with the Heartland Institute, not even to get a quote. The DeSmogBlog published within an hour of receipt, again, with absolutely no attempt to verify the material. They abandoned all pretence of journalistic professionalism, because they thought they'd finally found that elusive big target they'd always believed in and hunted so desperately and proceeded to flatten it with all their firepower.
This disparity in the initial reaction is easy to account for. The punishment taken by the skeptics in the early years of the climate wars, had not destroyed them but instead produced a breed of hardy veterans, who dealt in cold realities, rather than hoped for illusions. The real difference between a veteran and an inexperienced soldier, is the former are careful while the latter are fearless.
From any rational viewpoint, Fakegate has turned out to be a disastrous event for the alarmists. When you're patently losing a battle, you withdraw to conserve your forces to fight another day. Amazingly, they would rather battle on into a self-immolating quagmire of expensive litigation than simply admit they were wrong. It shows a childish petulance that plays exactly into the realist's hands, who are clever enough to let them get on with it, needing nothing more than the odd prod to encourage their defiance. At some point in the not too distant future, the realists know the people who own those media outlets and employ those journalists, are going to get fed up of writing libel damage cheques to cover the self-righteous crusading of a few prima donna hacks.
When that happens, the remaining elements of the media supportive of the good ship global warming will jump overboard, leaving nobody but a few crazed political activists and bemused scientists on the burning deck. It was always doomed to end that way.
What should have been no more than a tactical loss, has now been mismanaged into a strategic disaster that continues to get bigger with every passing day.
I used to be able to predict what they'd do but that's become impossible of late. All reason has fled. There's a real feeling of April 1945, Berlin, der Fuhrerbunker and its mad occupants, barking unrealistic orders down phones and moving long ago destroyed units around on maps, as if it really meant something. It's all basically becoming more and more hysterical and irrational.
It's not quite over yet but we've beaten them and will have to be satisfied with that. The bitter pill for me, is that none of them will ever stand in a court of law to answer charges of crimes against humanity for the deaths, starvation and poverty that their policies inflicted on the poor around the world. We must now move to get those policies reversed.
These are good days and we should of course enjoy them. It's round thirteen, there's a few more to go but we're now beating the bejesus out of them for a change.
©Pointman
UPDATE: There are simply too many comments on this article, here and elsewhere, for me to reply to individually. Instead, I try to address the bulk of them here.
Related articles by Pointman:
The Climate Wars revisited or No truce with kings.
I'm not a scientist but …
Advertisements
Absolver: Enter the 3v3 Beta testing soon
Prospects,
You might already know that we've been working on a 3v3 Game Mode for a while, we'd like to share it with you during a 3v3 Beta that should happen at the end of this week - provided no gamebreaking bugs appear during this week's QA tests.
3v3 Beta
Testing should take place at the end of the week, from Friday, November 24th to Sunday, November 26th.
This special build will be available on a Beta Branch for all Absolver Steam owners.
Your participation will be critical to help us officially release the 3v3 Game Mode with the best possible quality, so please join us in this Beta and tell your fellow Absolvers about it!
Please join us on the Discord Server, where a dedicated channel will be created for all 3v3 testers, you guys will also be able to use the voice channels to build your team strategies :).
ABSOLVER OFFICIAL DISCORD >>
To gather feedback, we will send out links to test forms, both on technical and gameplay aspects when the Beta starts. Also, our communication efforts will be focused on the Discord server during the Beta, where we'll do our best to answer player's queries.
Bertie Ahern, former prime minister of Ireland, said there was "no prospect" of Ireland following the U.K. out of the EU | Charles McQuillan/Getty Images Former Irish PM Ahern on leaving the EU: ‘We're mad, but we're not that mad' ‘Thankfully there is no support for that act of insanity.'
Bertie Ahern, former prime minister of Ireland, said Friday there was "no prospect" of Ireland following the U.K. out of the EU.
"We're mad, but we're not that mad," Ahern told Sky News, local media reported. "Thankfully there is no support for that act of insanity. There is no prospect of Ireland leaving the EU either now or in the future."
"We all want the border to remain as it is, no one wants to see a border or checkpoints," Ahern, Irish PM from 1997 to 2008, said. "It is a worry and everyone is good intentioned. But the difficultly is the experts say it is impossible."
The issue of the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland is one of the biggest hurdles to be overcome in the Brexit talks.
Last month, Ian Paisley Jr. of the Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party said the Republic of Ireland "can do far better by leaving the EU along with the U.K."
SEOUL, South Korea — Nine new cases of the Middle East respiratory syndrome were discovered in South Korea on Saturday, five of them stemming from transmissions at one of the country's largest and best hospitals, as officials struggled to contain the virus that has so far infected 50 people, killing four.
The announcement of five new cases at Samsung Medical Center in southern Seoul meant that a substantial new source of infection had been identified in the capital, a city of 10 million. A large, modern hospital owned by the Samsung conglomerate, the center is staffed by some of South Korea's best-trained medical personnel.
The five infected people had all been treated in the hospital's emergency room, where a patient with the disease, known as MERS, was treated on May 27, the Health Ministry said in a statement on Saturday. The patient had earlier infected two other people in the emergency room, a doctor and a visitor.
South Korea's outbreak of MERS, a disease first detected in Saudi Arabia in 2012, is the largest to date outside the Middle East, where the vast majority of the more than 440 deaths attributed to it have occurred. Of the 50 cases in South Korea, 33, including the first laboratory-confirmed case, were found among the patients, visitors and medical staff of a hospital south of Seoul.
Jews and Mormons are once again battling over Mormons' posthumous baptisms of Holocaust victims, and it's not the last time the groups will spar.
The Church of Latter-day Saints apologized Tuesday for posthumously baptizing Nazi-hunter Simon Wiesenthal's parents amidst much Jewish vitriol. But despite more than two decades of negotiations and agreements between the two groups to prevent such baptisms of dead Jews, the practice persists.
These by-proxy ceremonies (where the living dip themselves to represent the dead) are so integral to abiding Mormon life that, as one Brigham Young professor and practicing Mormon put it, “I don't see any way that we can ever ultimately say we're not going to do it for people.” But LDS leaders continue to make promises to Jewish leaders that they do not keep. A combination of philosophy and technology may be to blame.
An unwieldy genealogical database operated by the LDS church called Family Search is at once a public registry for ancestry research, calling itself the “largest genealogy organization in the world,” and a receptacle for church members to nominate deceased individuals to receive baptism rights. The lack of policing of its users and content may be partially to blame for some continued posthumous baptisms of Holocaust victims and perhaps for the mistaken request for a baptism of the very-much-alive writer, Elie Wiesel.
Regular checks of Family Search by a researcher who has been called the “Erin Brockovich of posthumous genealogy,” Helen Radkey, revealed the baptisms of the Wiesenthals and the alleged targeting of Wiesel. Also a disaffected Mormon, Radkey is sure the church does not want the secular public meddling in the “junkyard of records,” which contains millions of names of living and dead people and bears an understandable margin for error.
“It's such a quirky practice,” they said of the posthumous baptisms, which many Mormons believe are an act of reverence and love. “What's happened is that Mormons has gone underground.”
The obligations for church members are in plain view, but that doesn't mean all follow them. Mormons must “perform vicarious temple ordinances for their own deceased family members,” through entering them on Family Search. Since there is no monitoring of entries, Radkey says, they can include anybody, alive, dead, or imagined, despite church rules against entering non-family people. However, Family Search does instruct specifically that LDS church members do not submit for posthumous baptism “celebrities or Jewish Holocaust victims.” Still, Radkey said they have found in their scouring of the registry everyone from Jesus Christ to 9/11 plane hijackers to Mickey Mouse. They says sometimes baptisms occur of names that are misspelled or changed purposely to game the system, say, Jeus Christ without the first “s.”
Since Mormons believe that everyone deserves the baptism, the instructions for entries do encourage guessing: “submit names of persons who have probable family relationships that cannot be verified because records are inadequate, such as those who have the same surnames and resided in the same areas as known ancestors,” they read. Multiple baptisms have been performed on the same deceased person—causing Mormons to wonder which one counts—and the ritual has been given to parties allegedly removed from the system.
Brigham Young professor Daniel Peterson likened the technological glitches in the New Family Search system to shifting Wikipedia entries changed daily by users, or old voter registries that feature dead individuals among those eligible to vote. To Peterson, the baptism is sacred and willingly blind to religion. “We take it literally,” they said. “Everybody has to receive this. Everybody hasn't.”
Jewish and Mormon leaders first devised a pact to stop all baptisms of dead Jews in 1995, but soon after, Radkey made public that the church had reneged. More recently, Jewish and LDS leaders agreed to halt baptisms specifically of Jewish Holocaust victims in September 2010. Since the baptisms indeed linger, Jewish groups' and leaders' feelings are a mix of deeply offended and angry.
Holocaust victims' only crime was that they were Jews. Now [the church] is basically killing them again by eliminating their Jewishness,” said Anti-Defamation League director Abraham Foxman, who also was part of an interfaith coalition to address the subject. They liken the situation to earlier quarrels between Jews and the Catholic Church over Jewish legitimacy, and says that, like the Catholics, the Mormons will come around and work to smooth their relationship with Jews.
“It's important for them to know that we're watching,” they said. “That's how you keep people honest.”
Both Foxman and Rabbi Abraham Cooper, associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, agree that the church knows what it is doing, and that any efficacious solution must come from education and messaging within the church.
“I have nothing left to say to them,” said Cooper. “I don't want to schlep aging survivors to another meeting. This wound remains open.”
Peterson, a Middle East expert who identifies as pro-Israel, insists that the posthumous baptisms, performed in about 130 LDS temples, honor all non-Mormons, including Jews, but they see how the action would seem weird to outsiders.
“All we're doing is dunking someone and saying a prayer or doing a ritual,” they said. “Being upset about it presumes that we have an effect.”
Mormons believe that baptizing the dead allows them entry into God's kingdom, but that the recipients can choose whether or not to accept the service. So why do non-Mormons care so much if they don't believe in the sacrament in the first place?
To Jewish genealogist Gary Motokoff, the conversation is over one word: baptism. It reminds Jews of “persecution by Christians where Jews were given the choice of being baptized or being murdered,” they wrote in an email. “Holocaust victims were murdered for only one reason: they were Jews.” Motokoff met with LDS officials in the 1990s about the issue, but was not part of the 2010 agreement.
Mormons have long had a unique relationship with Jews, aside from both being religious minorities. The Mormons liken the Jews' pilgrimage through the desert to their own trek to reach Salt Lake City, and Peterson said anti-Semitism is specifically warned against in the Book of Mormon.
Perhaps the most famous Mormon in the U.S. today, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, has stayed mum on the deceased-baptism issue. In an email, a spokesperson for Romney's campaign echoed the position the candidate has adopted in many interviews—that questions about the church should be directed to the church. The posthumous-baptism procedure is irreversible, despite theatrical attempts by television host Bill Maher to undo the deed done to Romney's notoriously atheist father-in-law.
Despite apologies, agreements, or sanctions—such as the rebuke given to the anonymous church member who baptized Asher and Rosa Wiesenthal, Jews seem to have few choices: stay angry, accept, or simply ignore what apparently will remain a regular Mormon religious practice.
“They'll never able to stop baptism of Jewish Holocaust victims as long as they have these beliefs and procedures,” Radkey said. “As long as Mormons believe all people deserve to live in the presence of God, this will continue.”
Image copyright PA
Campaigns to save level crossings are being waged across Great Britain, despite many considering them dangerous anachronisms. It's a dispute that reveals much about people's attitudes towards risk.
When communities rally together to save a much-treasured local amenity, it is typically a pub or library or hospital unit they want to preserve.
Level crossings might, at first glance, appear an odd rallying point for all but the most committed railway enthusiast. Many regard them as unsafe and out of date, particularly after teenage friends Charlotte Thompson and Olivia Bazlinton were hit by a train and killed at a crossing in December 2005.
But around the country clusters of grassroots campaigners are battling to save them from closure.
It isn't that anyone is especially fond of flashing warning lights and red-and-white barriers. Instead, protesters from Cornwall to the far north of Scotland are complaining that the loss of historic paths and thoroughfares is dividing communities, cutting off access and hurting businesses.
The Elsenham crossing crash Olivia Bazlinton, 14, and Charlotte Thompson, 13, were hit by a train in December 2005 as they crossed the railway line at Elsenham station in Essex. They died instantly. Network Rail were fined £1m in 2012 after admitting health and safety breaches at the crossing. Chelmsford Crown Court was told that a series of risk assessments had been carried out, which highlighted dangers at the site. BBC News: Rail firm fined £1m after deaths (March 2012)
Network Rail - stung by criticism of safety record and its handling of high-profile fatalities at its crossings - has shut 800 since 2010 and hopes to close a further 500 by 2019. It's a policy which has proved popular with safety advocates, but less so in some remote communities.
In the village of Long Rock, near Penzance, the closure of a walkway known as the "Mexico crossing" has provoked a petition with more than 1,200 signatures urging its retention as well as several packed public meetings. Aggrieved locals have tied dozens of yellow ribbons to the fence blocking the path.
Campaigners say the crossing's closure - imposed after advice from the coroner at the inquest of a 73-year-old woman who was killed by a train there in 2011 - has caused huge inconvenience to locals and hurt business by blocking the most direct footpath between Long Rock's beach and its shops. They also argue it has made the walk to the seafront more dangerous, as pedestrians must now share another crossing 200m (650ft) away with motor vehicles.
Image caption In Long Rock, protest messages are tied on to the gate with yellow ribbon
"They say they are doing it for our safety, but there's not a single person in this community that wants it," says Nick Tregenza, who is part of the Mexico Crossing campaign.
At the other end of Great Britain, in Delny, Ross-shire, plans to close an open road crossing - a level crossing with no gates - are being fiercely resisted. The crossing was the scene of a fatal accident in 2007 when two local teenagers were killed when a car they were travelling in hit a train. The car's driver was jailed for five years after admitting causing their deaths.
"It will be like a Berlin wall through the heart of the town," says John Boocock, chairperson of Kilmuir and Easter Logie Community Council, who wants safety barriers installed instead. Residents will have to join the busy A9 road via a hazardous junction to access local services instead, they warn.
Image copyright PA
In Stafford, residents won a campaign to overturn the closure of a level crossing footpath that led to an open space popular with young families. The protesters successfully argued before a council committee that without the crossing, children were having to travel along a dangerous road to reach the site.
All these groups say Network Rail and local authorities are being excessively cautious and failing to balance the level of risk posed by one or two deaths at a single crossing over a 40-year period against the cost to residents' day-to-day quality of life.
Up until now, however, Network Rail has largely attracted criticism for being too cavalier with level crossing safety, not too strict. In March, the Commons Transport Select committee said the company had shown a "callous disregard" for those bereaved by level crossing accidents.
MPs found that risk assessment documents had been withheld and victims had been described as trespassers or erroneous users of the railway, implying they were at fault for their own deaths or injuries, when in fact they had used crossings correctly.
The most publicised case involved, Charlotte Thompson, 13, and Olivia Bazlinton, 14, who died as they crossed the tracks at an unlocked gate at the crossing in Elsenham, Essex. They had already waited for one train to pass, but were struck by a second. In February 2011, evidence emerged of a report that had recommended installation of new gates that locked automatically in 2002 - three years before the girls' deaths - but this was not done until the summer of 2007.
Level crossings - advice for drivers Image copyright Alamy Be prepared to stop at the crossing
Understand the warnings (lights, barriers, alarms)
If the warnings activate, stop - unless it's unsafe to do so
Remain stationary until all the warnings stop
Check that your exit is clear before driving across Source: Network Rail Using level crossings
In March, Network Rail's chief executive Mark Carne issued a "full and unreserved apology" for the company's past failings on level crossing safety.
"I completely understand where (the campaigners) are coming from," says Tina Hughes, Olivia Bazlington's mother. "All I can say is having a child killed at a level crossing is the most awful experience - you wouldn't wish it on anyone else."
Across Great Britain, Network Rail says it has around 6,200 level crossings currently in operation - most of them footpaths or "user-worked" crossings on farms or other private land. In 2013 10 people were accidentally killed on them. Northern Ireland has its own rail system.
Level crossings account for half of all fatalities on the railways, when suicides and trespasses are excluded, according to the House of Commons Transport Select Committee. However, the European Railway Agency reported in 2013 that the UK's fatality risk at level crossings was the lowest in the EU. Greece, the worst performing country in the EU, had a fatality risk more than 28 times higher. Network Rail says it has reduced the risk of death at level crossings by 25% since 2008.
For Tregenza, a research scientist, all this is evidence that the dangers of crossings are being overstated. They calculate that, according to Network Rail's own model for assessing risk, their chance of being hit by a train at Mexico crossing is once every 23,000 years. "The council officer who inspected the crossing turned up on a motorbike," they say. "That's a far bigger risk - no-one said, 'You have to take a car, it's safer.'"
For its part, Cornwall Council says it received petitions both for and against closing the crossing and that a majority of elected members did not feel that they could go against professional advice that there was nothing that could be reasonably done to make it safe. Network Rail, however, says it is abiding by its overriding responsibility, which is to reduce risk on the railway.
Image copyright Getty Images
"Our job is to make it as safe as possible," says spokesperson Kate Snowden. "If we can close a level crossing, we will. From our point of view, we don't want to wait for something to happen and then have to react."
Snowden says the company always considers the potential dangers to pedestrians of moving them on to different thoroughfares and that it looks at the feasibility of replacements for pathways at level crossings including bridges and tunnels. This week a bridge was installed to replace Brock level crossing, near Bilsborrow in Lancashire, with the support of the local parish council.
In the last four years Network Rail has spent £130m improving level crossing safety including 38 new footbridges, 250 power-operated gate openers and 100 new level crossing managers. However, it isn't always judged practical or cost-effective to install a footbridge.
At the heart of the debate are differing judgements about what exactly constitutes an acceptable level of danger. "Nobody's right or wrong," says David Spiegelhalter, Winton professor for the public understanding of risk at Cambridge University.
"From a societal point of view it may be great if you eliminate risk. But from an individual point of view it may be more rational to accept that level of risk to maintain your quality of life."
In relation to public health, epidemiologists call this dynamic the prevention paradox. Now it underpins disputes about level crossings almost literally from Land's End to John O'Groats.
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
The remains of the Environment Court building, which were buried and burnt on a Hororata dairy farm.
In a poetic twist, the fate of a man who hid the ruins of the earthquake-damaged Environment Court is now in the hands of the Environment Court.
Barry Foster, a Christchurch contractor, oversaw the demolition of the Environment Court's Christchurch premises following the 2011 earthquakes.
Instead of disposing of the rubble legally, it was alleged Foster burned and buried the rubble beneath a Hororata dairy farm in a ploy to save money.
MINISTRY OF JUSTICE The Environment Court building being demolished in April 2012.
Foster has pleaded guilty to three charges relating to the rubble, which testing showed had infected the land with contaminants and come into contact with water - offences typically prosecuted in the Environment Court.  They are to be sentenced next week.
READ MORE:
*Quake waste dumping an 'emerging trend'
*Canterbury sends demolition waste across New Zealand
*Record fine for dumping demo waste
For two years the rubble remained hidden beneath the farm. In that time, Foster filed for bankruptcy and the farm was sold.
The rubble was discovered by Environment Canterbury (ECan) investigators, who were tipped off about its existence.
In its summary of facts, ECan's prosecutor said about 15 truckloads of material were transferred to the farm, where it was dumped in a pit, burned, buried, then grassed over.
The rubble covered an area of around 2000 cubic metres, and in some places was buried four metres deep.
ECan said Foster admitted to burying the rubble and confessed it had come from the Environment Court building.
The exact amount of waste cannot be determined because it was burned, but ECan estimated the volume to be about eight tonnes, more than what would have come from the Environment Court alone.
It is understood Foster wrote a letter to judge Jane Borthwick, advising their offending had been done out of desperation, rather than malice.
SUPPLIED Piles of rubble still remain on the property, several years after it was discovered.
They could not dispose of the waste at the Burwood Recovery Plant as they had outstanding fines, and no means to pay them.
They have since donated their skills as a digger driver to community projects to show their remorse.
Foster has twice been convicted of environmental breaches - the first involving dirty gold mining on the West Coast, and the second involving ponding effluent on the same Hororata dairy farm.
NEW OWNERS UNAWARE OF WHAT LAY BENEATH THEIR PASTURE
The discovery came as a shock to the farm's new owners, who had bought the property after Foster's company went into liquidation in 2013.
A syndicate of dairy farmers bought the farm, unaware of what had been buried beneath the property until it was dug up.
One of the co-owners, who currently farms the property, declined to talk about the situation but confirmed some of the rubble was still there.
Diggers have removed large amounts of the rubble, but there is currently no plan in place to take it off the farm.
ECan said it was discussing options with the new owners.
The Environment Court will relocate to the Justice and Emergency Services precinct next year.
CHRISTCHURCH'S WASTE PROBLEM
It is amongst the most egregious cases of waste dumping in Christchurch since the quakes, a practice which has resulted in dozens facing disciplinary action for improperly disposing of waste.
It has become a popular method for contractors to save money when disposing of large volumes of demolition waste.
The Canterbury earthquakes produced 40 years worth of waste, which the city has at times struggled to contain.
It largely goes to the council-owned Burwood Recovery Resource Park, where 700,000 tonnes of waste has been store since the quakes.
It costs $120 per tonne to dump waste at the site.
Hoping to save money, some contractors choose to dispose of their own demolition waste, often against their resource consent.
Since 2014, 16 people have been caught out improperly disposing of demolition waste.
They include numerous building contractors who have been served abatement notices or fined, the largest totalling $75,000.
Other recent offences include a pile of asbestos-waste in central Waipara, roading waste dumped in bottle lake forest, and a homeowner who concealed demolition waste in their home swimming pool.
The largest fine for waste dumping was in 2013, when a fine of more than $150,000 was imposed on various groups for dumping contaminated waste on Coutts Island.
Some contractors had also been investigated for burying waste on-site instead of dumping the material.
* Comments on this story are now closed.
Margaret Reist (Lincoln Journal Star) reports:
Concerns about student safety [stemming from potential confrontations] and potential disruptions prompted administrators at Lincoln Public Schools' Career Academy to ask welding students not to fly U.S. flags on their vehicles from holders they made in class…. The directive prohibiting displaying the flags in the school's parking lot was prompted by an incident on Friday, when a Southeast Community College student [for unknown reasons] removed one of the flags from a holder and put it in the bed of a pickup next to the vehicle flying the flag. Seven or eight welding students had flown the flags in recognition of Veterans Day with permission of Career Academy officials, who thought it was a great ending to the students' welding project, [Career Academy Director Dan] Hohensee said…. “[O]ut of an abundance of caution” for both LPS and SCC students, Career Academy administrators asked students not to fly the flags again in the parking lot. Hohensee said administrators worried that another such incident could result in a personal confrontation or property damage…. That's different than flying a full-sized flag, which was appropriate on Veterans Day but on other days could be misinterpreted in light of the divisive election and anxiety like that expressed by Nebraska Latinos in a recent news story, Hohensee said.
Isn't there a passage about that in the Star-Spangled Banner — “from abundance of caution was gallantly lowered”?
Fortunately, Lincoln Public Schools Superintendent Steve Joel has disavowed the school's request:
“We respect the rights of students to display their flags. We should not have asked our students to remove them. We believe that decision was in error and we believe this could easily and understandably have been misinterpreted as infringing on rights of freedom of expression and speech.”
Yet the initial decision — which echoes a California school's prohibition some years ago on students wearing the American flag on Cinco de Mayo — remains troubling. And it's troubling also for how it bears on the debates about immigration.
I think having more legal immigration to America is important to continued American greatness. (I say this as an immigrant myself, but I think non-immigrants have reason to take the same view.) But if immigration means reduction in our rights as Americans — the right to fly American flags, whether as a sign of patriotism or as an expression of sentiments critical of immigration, the right to own guns, or other rights — then those costs to freedom may well outweigh the benefits that immigration might provide.
If our leaders make clear that they will act boldly to defend our rights, whether against threats from recent immigrants (or the children of recent immigrants) or from the native-born, then we might feel that our rights will indeed remain secure. But if their reaction is to urge people to refrain from exercising their rights, “out of an abundance of caution” — on the theory that flying our country's flags might yield “personal confrontation or property damage” because it “could be misinterpreted in light of the divisive election and anxiety like that expressed by Nebraska Latinos in a recent news story” — then we have legitimate cause to worry about the consequences of immigration for our freedoms.
Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton should be prosecuted for war crimes over their admission under oath that they played a part in destroying Libya, an American political commentator and journalist says.Don DeBar made the remarks in an interview with Press TV on Friday while commenting on Clinton's appearance before a congressional committee to testify about an attack on the US consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi in 2012.The frontrunner Democratic presidential candidate tried to deflect Republican criticism of their handling of the deadly 2012 attack during a testy 11-hour hearing before the House Select Committee on Benghazi on Thursday.She accused the Republicans of playing politics over the attack at the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi that left four US diplomats, including Ambassador Chris Stevens, dead."The most interesting part of the Hillary Clinton Republican committee show yesterday - and it is a show, a sideshow - was" DeBar said.," they added."And in denying that it represented policy they - under oath - essentially admitted to the fact pattern of US policy being regime change in Libya and the killing of Gaddafi.," the analyst stated."And the thing I am looking at next, I am very interested in seeing what statements were made by the Obama administration under oath in their response papers to a lawsuit that was brought under the war powers act back in 2011 by Dennis Kucinich and nine other members of Congress seeking to make the US government stop this war on Libya because it had not been authorized by Congress at that point, to see if any of those pleadings contain an absolute denial under oath of the US having as an aim either regime change or the killing of Gaddafi," DeBar said."And if I do find that - and I have copies of the pleadings -," they said."But they were fairly clear, a lot clearer than I have seen people get convicted on in terms of making self-incriminatory statements, that the US policy was satisfied when Gaddafi was killed, and that was what they were expressing gratitude over," the journalist concluded.On Thursday, Clinton was also questioned about their decision to get the US militarily involved in Libya. Republicans blamed their Libya policy for the current mess there.According to CNN, up to 35 CIA operatives were working in Benghazi during the attack on September 11, 2012, but it has never reported how many of them died or were injured.
In the year since Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley filed criminal charges against six East Bay law enforcement officers for what they called their “morally reprehensible” actions in Oakland's sexual misconduct scandal, the most severe punishment handed down has been a $390 fine and three years of court probation.
Half of the cases have been dismissed or their charges dropped due to insufficient evidence. Two cases were plea bargained, and one awaits trial.
Critics who wanted to see greater consequences wonder whether the district attorney's office mishandled the scandal. Some say the prosecution was frivolous.
“When you have decisions like this, it signals, for us, that lack of prioritization — that the safety of vulnerable youth is less important than the image of officers,” said Maheen Kaleem, a staff attorney at the antisex trafficking organization Rights4Girls who previously worked with sexually abused and commercially exploited youth in Oakland. “Victims and survivors won't come forward. This case signals you won't be believed.”
Others, like defense attorney and former Alameda County prosecutor Michael Cardoza, say O'Malley's decision to pursue charges was prompted by political pressure, and the collapse of half the cases was inevitable.
Cardoza said the professional careers and personal lives of the officers involved have been ruined because of the publicity surrounding the case.
“I question the motives of the district attorney of Alameda in filing these cases without properly vetting the evidence against these officers,” said Cardoza, who represented two of the officers charged in the sex scandal.
O'Malley announced in September 2016 that they would charge seven officers, but later declined to file charges against one. At the time, they said their investigators had meticulously examined the evidence and believed the charges would be proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
Teresa Drenick, a spokesperson for the district attorney's office, said the office stands behind its work.
“The district attorney's office stands behind the criminal charges we file,” they said. “We wholeheartedly believe the evidence supports those charges.”
The scandal centered on contact police officers and sheriff's deputies had with an Oakland police dispatcher's daughter, who at the time of the events was a Richmond teenager and self-described sex worker.
The young woman who previously used the alias Celeste Guap, but now goes by their first name, Jasmine, told The Chronicle last year that 29 Bay Area law enforcement officers had sex with her, some while they were a minor. On some occasions, they tipped them off about antiprostitution stings or ran names of people they knew through confidential databases, they said.
Oakland investigators first became aware of the accusations when Officer Brendan O'Brien committed suicide in September 2015 and left a note alluding to the conduct. Over the next six months, then-Police Chief Sean Whent and their top commanders conducted a careless, hasty investigation that dismissed and blamed Jasmine, according to a report by investigators later appointed by a federal judge to review the case.
The Oakland City Council in May voted to give Jasmine just under $1 million to settle the claim their attorneys had filed against the city.
O'Malley's decision to charge four Oakland police officers has been repeatedly cited by city officials as evidence that justice and accountability ultimately prevailed.
“There was an enormous amount of misconduct by law enforcement, some of it criminal, some of it noncriminal. There was a lot going on, and I don't know if the district attorney knew everything from the outset,” said defense attorney Dirk Manoukian, who represented former Oakland Officer Brian Bunton, whose case was dismissed.
Of their client, Manoukian added, “While it was an unbelievably poor decision, there was no criminal conduct, and ultimately the judge agreed with us. ... It wasn't some tricky, good lawyering tactics or anything like that — the case was dismissed because there was just not the evidence to support it.”
All but one of the cases have wrapped up in Alameda County Superior Court:
• Bunton: Judge Jon Rolefson dismissed the case Sept. 13 against the 41-year-old who was charged with obstruction of justice and engaging in prostitution. Bunton had been accused of warning Jasmine about an imminent undercover operation targeting prostitution, although a lieutenant later testified there was no such sting that day. Rolefson said there was insufficient evidence to show that anything — information, in this case — was exchanged for sex. Manoukian wouldn't say whether Bunton is seeking to get their job back.
• Ricardo Perez: Rolefson dismissed the case Wednesday, saying there was insufficient evidence to show that the former Contra Costa County sheriff's deputy knew Jasmine was a juvenile or that their contact occurred in a public venue. Perez, 29, had been charged with unlawful sexual intercourse and oral copulation with a minor as well as engaging in lewd conduct in public.
• Giovanni LoVerde: Deputy District Attorney Sabrina Farrell on Thursday dropped the charges — felony oral copulation with a minor and lewd conduct in public — against the Oakland officer, saying the facts were similar to those of the Perez case. The 34-year-old LoVerde remains employed with the Police Department.
• Daniel Black: The former Livermore police officer struck a plea deal in February that erased all but one charge against them — misdemeanor lewd conduct in public — to which they pleaded no contest. Five other counts were dismissed. If Black, 50, doesn't commit a crime and obeys the terms of the plea bargain — which include staying away from the young woman and steering clear of any areas where prostitution is known to occur — through May, the charge against them will be dismissed.
• Leroy Johnson: The retired Oakland police sergeant, whose alleged conduct was among the least severe, has gotten the harshest punishment: They pleaded no contest in January to a misdemeanor charge of failing to report child abuse. The plea deal for the 51-year-old, who now lives in Texas, landed them with three years of court probation and standard fines totaling $390.
• Terryl Smith: The former Oakland police officer charged with five misdemeanor counts for illegally using a criminal database and sharing the information with Jasmine has their trial scheduled for Feb. 5. Their defense attorney had sought to dismiss the charges, saying in one motion the complaint against the 31-year-old was “completely devoid of any details.”
Civil rights attorney Pamela Price, who previously represented Jasmine and is seeking to unseat O'Malley next year in the district attorney race, said the “initial misinvestigation” by police had an impact on the outcomes in court. They said that an independent prosecutor such as the state attorney general's office should have stepped in, given the scope of allegations and number of Bay Area jurisdictions involved.
“The lack of accountability creates distrust in the general public and in the department itself,” Price said. “Officers now won't feel confident reporting misconduct when the ultimate outcome is no consequences and no accountability.”
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kveklerov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kveklerov
HUNTERSVILLE, NC (December 6, 2017) - The Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL) today announced Sy Nutkevitch of the Huntsville Havoc is the STX Player of the Month for October/November.
Nutkevitch scored eight goals, including four game-winners, added seven assists and was +9 as they recorded at least one point in each of the nine games they played. In addition to posting five multi-point outings, the Montreal, QC native scored a goal in six consecutive games to start the season.
Now in their second season with the Havoc, Nutkevitch currently leads the SPHL in game-winning goals (four) and plus-minus rating (tied, +11), while ranking second in points (19) and goals (tied, eight).  They are also riding a streak that has seen them record a point in each of Huntsville's first 11 games.
Also Nominated: Josh Harris, Birmingham (5 gp, 4g, 1 ppg), Tomas Sholl, Evansville (4-1-0, 2.00 gaa, .938 save%), Jake Hauswirth, Fayetteville (14 gp, 6g, 18a, 4 ppg, shg), Zoltan Hetenyi, Knoxville (6-3-1, 3.58 gaa, .918 save%), Daniel Gentzler, Macon (13 gp, 3g, 15a, +7, 2 gwg), Derek Sutliffe, Mississippi (11 gp, 6g, 7a, +8, shg), Garrett Milan, Pensacola (11 gp, 4g, 10a, +9, shg), Dave Pszenyczny, Peoria (12 gp, 2g, 11a, +5, ppg, gwg) and Steve Mele, Roanoke (11 gp, 1g, 14a)
Unified flyweight world titleholder Juan Francisco Estrada, who has not fought since September 2015, mainly because of a severe hand injury, vacated one of their belts on Wednesday.
According to the WBA, Estrada sent the organization a letter via their promoter, Zanfer Promotions, notifying it of their decision. They have not yet formally renounced their WBO version of the flyweight title, though they probably will and then move up in weight when they are ready to return to the ring.
"There is no reason expressed (in the letter) other than they need time to decide their future in the sport," WBA president Gilberto Mendoza Jr. told ESPN.com. "He appreciated the relationship with our association and also said at the time they are ready they will come back to us."
Estrada (33-2, 24 KOs), 26, of Mexico, lost a highly competitive action-packed decision to Roman "Chocolatito" Gonzalez challenging them for a junior flyweight title in a 2012 fight of the year contender. In their next fight, Estrada moved up to flyweight and earned a split decision against Brian Viloria to claim two flyweight belts.
Estrada made five successful defenses of the unified title, beating quality opponents such as former world titleholders Giovani Segura and Hernan "Tyson" Marquez as well as Milan Melindo. In their most recent fight, Estrada knocked out Marquez in the 10th round.
There has been talk of a possible rematch between Estrada and Gonzalez (46-0, 38 KOs), who went on to win titles at flyweight and junior bantamweight (this past Saturday night) to go along with their wide recognition as the pound-for-pound king.
MOSCOW, April 7 (Reuters) - Russia may offer Greece a discount on gas deliveries and new loans when Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras visits Moscow this week, the Kommersant business daily reported on Tuesday, citing one source in the Russian government.
A Kremlin spokesperson said last week that Russian President Vladimir Putin and Tsipras planned to discuss economic ties and EU sanctions on Moscow when they meet for talks, which Kommersant said would take place on Thursday.
“We are ready to consider the issue of a gas price discount for Greece,” the newspaper said quoting an unnamed Russian government source.
Russia's state-controlled producer Gazprom declined to comment. The Energy Ministry also declined to comment.
The source said that in exchange for the discount and some unspecified loans, Russia would want access to Greek assets. The source did not name any specific assets.
In recent weeks, the gas price charged by Gazprom has fallen, tracking lower oil prices.
Gazprom said it wanted to acquire DEPA in 2013 but dropped its bid after failing to receive enough guarantees over DEPA's financial position. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin, editing by Elizabeth Piper)
With reporting by Bryan Cohen
Police are investigating a shooting at 23rd and Jackson after gunfire rang out and cars sped from the area.
One possible victim in the shooting arrived at an area hospital by car after the 1:30 PM shooting but we don't yet know if police have confirmed any connection to the 23rd and Jackson shots fired.
30 minutes earlier, a massive, student-led “Protest Against Police Brutality” March had passed through the area with hundreds of elementary and high school students included.
There is nothing to indicate that the shooting was related to the protest.
Police were examining a late-model Cadillac with damage from the gunfire in the parking lot behind the 23rd and Jackson Starbucks.
One witness told police the shooter was accompanied by three other young males. They reportedly left the scene in a red Camaro-type car with a black roof while the shooter ran from the scene, according to witness accounts.
UPDATE 12/8/14 1:45 PM: Police have confirmed details of the shooting initially reported by CHS and tell us that they have — as of yet — not been able to connect the man who arrived at Harborview with a gunshot wound to the scene at 23rd and Jackson. Police say the man arrived and walked into the hospital by themselves with a gunshot wound to the lower back. We do not have information on their condition. Police also said both the suspect vehicle and a victim vehicle were seen speeding away from the scene. The car with the bullet hole being examined at 23rd and Jackson was apparently parked in the lot and not directly involved in the shooting. There have been no arrests.
I've been making cookies for a while now and trying to get the real crumbly cookie texture that I like without having to pack it full of sugar so I thought that combining my shortbread recipe with cookie extras I might get a bit closer to the texture I want. Turned out, this works just perfectly, a lovely crumbly biscuit that's not excessively sweet.
Usually I don't bake midweek now, but as my pasta dish last night was relatively the same as last week I wanted to have a nice recipe to post for today, so cookies are up!
I'm rushing about at the moment, trying to get everything in order for our trip next week, so this will be short and oh so sweet!
Chocolate Chip Shortbread Cookies
MyInspiration Feel The Difference Range
Makes 8 cookies
1 cup buckwheat flour
½ cup Corn Flour
1/3 cup powdered sugar
3 tbsp vegan margarine
1/3 cup coconut milk
½ tsp cinnamon
¼ cup vegan dark chocolate chips
Method
1. Preheat oven to 180 degrees and line a baking tray with parchment paper
2. In a bowl mix together the flours, powdered sugar & cinnamon then add in the margarine and using your hands rub the mixture together until it looks like breadcrumbs, then add in the coconut milk and choc chips and fold through.
3. Take heaped spoonfuls of the mixture and pop them on the baking tray, pressing down slightly to flatten them out, then pop in the oven for 25 minutes. Allow to cool before serving.
Want to know why these women of Mad Men are so unhappy? It's not the patriarchy, silly! It's J-E-A-L-O-U-S-Y.
Despite humanity's many advances as a species, there are still some basic fundamentals we fall down on. Things like perpetuating unfounded evolutionary biology, or allowing straw polls run by FM radio stations to count as ‘research'.
But perhaps one of the single greatest continuing crimes against intelligence is the frequency with which lists are compiled in order to superficially categorise the gender binary as we know it: men, women, how they feel about each other, what they uniformly are attracted to and whether or not tattoos make someone 'not marriage material'. (Be warned: that last link is birthed from the warped brain of a certified MRA. Read it, so you know what they look like.)
Now, in an almost-year of being kept on my toes here by the conscientious male readers concerned feminism has Gone Too Far (and hey, thanks guys - your commitment to the cause has been nothing short of mind-blowing), I've noticed a few arguments that keep popping up. They go hand in hand with some of the wider assumptions about women shared by sagely nodding television hosts and demographers whose names rhyme with Blernard Malt. And the only thing we can say that is remotely true about any of them is that they all start with the word ‘women'.
A lady success story: marrying a man without a face.
So let's take a look at them.
Advertisement
1. Women are waiting for Prince Charming to marry them and put a bun in it.
There's a persistently irritating idea that careers, travel and an interest in the wider world are just the things a woman does to fill their time while waiting for their real life to happen - being proposed to in a restaurant, marrying in front of 200 of their nearest and dearest and giving (natural) birth to a baby called Ingenue.
Alas, some women don't know that this is what they want. They spent their 20s thinking the days of wine and roses would last forever, and now have only to lubricate the dehydrated vaginas of their 30s with the tears cried for all the Nice Guys they rejected way back when. Poor Imaginary Woman - they only has themselves and their picky pickiness to blame. If only she'd settled when they were 23 for the guy who liked having sex with them but didn't want their friends to know, or the 45 year old who thought age was just a number. If they had, they might be settled down now and experiencing the simple joy of child-rearing rather than being ‘single-minded and career obsessed.' Which leads me too...
2. Women choosing things - anything - is a feminist act and can't be criticised.
But wait a gotdurn minute, I hear you cry! Wouldn't being a stay-at-home be their choice? And isn't choice what you bra-burning feminazis are all about?
A gold star to the chap in front! Yes, choice is very important. It is, in fact, vital when it comes to things like child-rearing, abortion, sex, work, life, the universe and everything in between. But ‘choice' and the ability to exercise it in and of itself is not a feminist act; rather, it's the result of demanding women be entitled to autonomy the same way men are. More importantly, defending women's right to choose whatever they like doesn't mean other women have a duty to agree with those choices or even respect them.
It's a sad outlook for us women indeed if we're seen as so powerless that undertaking choice itself - any choice - becomes an act of rebellion and bravery, immune from criticism lest it be seen as some kind of betrayal of the sisterhood. Being able to exercise our right to choice is liberating, yes. But so too is being entitled to engage critically with the world around us; to challenge the actions of others and the environment we live in. Deny that, and you may as well deny choice altogether.
3. Women are all jealous of each other.
This is a thorny one. Because sometimes a woman is jealous of another woman, in the same way that sometimes I wake up in the morning and feel like eating white bread with Nutella for breakfast and opening a bottle of wine “because it's holidays”, even though I know the former isn't okay for anyone over the age of five and the latter signifies that the random family get-together I've been invited to might involve less Cranium and more ‘Welcome to your intervention!' We're all entitled to a little irrational behaviour every now and again, and having a momentary surge of envy towards another woman because they don't have to wrestle with a cowlick or gets to touch Ryan Gosling on their down-there seems to fit squarely in that bracket.
But the idea that women engage solely with the world from an established position of envy and competition isn't just ludicrous, it's damaging. It assumes that our judgment is illegitimate from the get-go, because its only goal is to tear down another woman and thus take their spot at the table where the best crumbs fall. And while this kind of thing does happen, it's part of a whole ‘nother problem with the limited paths to power that are available to women in our society. Reinforcing it with a casual, ‘what can you do?' shrug of the shoulders undermines the efforts of women to break out of that mould. Sometimes - often, in fact - women are legitimately critical of other women because we are able to intellectually disagree with something a woman has said or done. It doesn't make us jealous, or bitchy, or juvenile - it makes us fully formed human beings with the ability to make critical assessments of the world around us. You know. Kind of like men.
4. Women lose their shit over cleaning products, yoghurt and K-Mart.
I swear to dog, if I have to see another advertisement of a woman wearing pearls smiling while cleaning their toilet, or talking about how fat free lemon cheesecake yoghurt is kind of the same thing as not hating yourself, or gesticulating wildly about how the new Schticky appliance has made mopping really, really fun then I am going to bulldoze my way down to the Mart-of-K to round up all the Stepford Wives that apparently live there and deactivate the bullshit chip that lives in their brains. Except that there won't be any, because no one likes cleaning, yoghurt is dumb and even though K-Mart is a good low-cost option, no one ever rode a bike through its aisles as if this were what life had been building up to.
Also, I wish they'd stop using dudes to try and sell said cleaning products to women. If you're so impressed with the sparkly porcelain power of Toilet Bam, clean the damn bowl yourself.
5. Women aren't visual.
An article was published recently to coincide with the release of a new book exploring the most popular forms of internet pornography. In it, the authors blithely reiterated (‘scientifically', of course) the oft repeated myth that women are more invested in storylines rather than visuals; they'd much rather read a romantic novel with established characters than spend a quick two minutes cruising You Porn.
“Women prefer stories to visual porn by a long shot,” said the authors of A Billion Wicked Thoughts: What the World's Largest Experiment Reveals About Human Desire. You know, like, they would probably just prefer to not look at things at all.
Funny, because other casually offered stereotypes pillory women as being obsessed with shoes, constantly comparing their bodies to other women's and looking at engagement rings from Tiffany - all fairly visual activities.
So the idea that women don't get into sexual voyeurism ‘because they're just not visual' is pretty lazy. Could it be that, rather than being unable to get a blazing hot lady boner over some filthy-as-f--k home videos, they just find it harder to get off on the predictable denouement that shows the only woman in the room being penetrated?
Not that that won't work for some women. Different drinks, different...needs.
Ain't diversity grand?
If you've read our article series on everything dependency injection in Angular, you've probably realized that Angular is doing a pretty good job on that. We can either use string or type tokens to make dependencies available to the injector. However, when using string tokens, there's a possibility of running into naming collisions because… well, maybe someone else has used the same token for a different provider. In this article, we're going to learn how so-called “opaque tokens” solve this problem.
UPDATE: Since Angular version 4.x OpaqueToken is considered deprecated in favour of InjectionToken . Learn about the differences here.
Want to see things in action first?
play_arrow Play videos
Before we jump into the actual problem we want to solve, let's first recap the differences between a string token and a type token.
String Tokens vs Type Tokens
Angular DI injects singleton instances which are created by provider-registered factories. And it is these instances that are injected at runtime. In order to configure your application DI and associate a factory with a token, we have to setup providers. A couple weeks ago we blogged how providers can be created using Map literals, if you haven't read this one yet we recommend checking it out, as this article pretty much builds up on that one.
The bottom line is that a provider token can be either a string or a type. Depending on our use case, we want to use one or the other. For example, if we have a DataService class, and all we want to do is inject an instance of that class when we ask for a dependency of that type, we would use DataService as a provider token like this:
@ Component ({ selector : 'my-component' , providers : [ { provide : DataService , useClass : DataService } ] }) class MyComponent { constructor ( private dataService : DataService ) {} }
Since the token matches the dependency instance-type and the provider strategy is useClass , we can also use the shorthand version, as:
providers : [ DataService ]
Angular has many shorthand versions (DI, annotations, etc); and the above code is just one example of those.
Now this is cool, as long as we have classes (or types) to represent the things we want to work with. However, sometimes we need to create other objects that don't necessarily need to be put in a class representation. We could, for example, have a configuration object that we want to inject into our application. This configuration object can be a simple object literal where there is no type involved.
const CONFIG = { apiUrl : 'http://my.api.com' , theme : 'suicid-squad' , title : 'My awesome app' };
Or maybe, we have a primitive value we want to make injectable, like a string or a boolean value.
const FEATURE_ENABLED = true ;
In these cases, we can't use the String or Boolean type, as this would set a default value for the place where we ask for dependencies of these types. And we really don't want to introduce a new type just to represent these values.
That's where string tokens come into play. They allow us to make objects available via DI without introducing an actual type:
let featureEnabledToken = 'featureEnabled' ; let configToken = 'config' ; ... providers : [ { provide : featureEnabledToken , useValue : FEATURE_ENABLED }, { provide : configToken , useValue : CONFIG } ]
Basically all we do is, instead of using a type, we use a simple string as a token. We can inject this dependency using the @Inject() decorator likes this:
import { Inject } from '@angular/core' ; class MyComponent { constructor ( @ Inject ( featureEnabledToken ) private featureEnabled , @ Inject ( configToken ) private config ) {...} }
Note: that above we used @Inject(featureEnabledToken) private featureEnabled without any typing information; e.g. private featureEnabled:boolean .
Okay awesome, we can use strings and types as tokens to inject dependencies in our application. Unfortunately, using string tokens like this opens up potential risks for naming collisions.
The problem with string tokens
Let's get back to our config string token for a second. “config” is a pretty general name, so we probably could've done better naming this thing in the first place. However, even if we come up with a more distinguishable name, it is easily possible that someone else will use the same string as a token. Providers are flattened, meaning that, if there are multiple providers with the same token, the last one wins.
And there is another concept that allows us to define multiple providers for the same token. Those are multi providers, and we've written about them here.
Let's say we use some sort of third-party library that comes with a set of providers defined like this:
export const THIRD_PARTY_LIB_PROVIDERS = [ { provide : 'config' , useClass : ThirdParyConfig } ];
Even though it's not a common pattern to use a string token with a class, it's totally possible to do that, but we really just want to demonstrate the problem here. We can import and use these third-party providers like this:
import THIRD_PARTY_LIB_PROVIDERS from './third-party-lib' ; ... providers = [ DataService , THIRD_PARTY_LIB_PROVIDERS ]
Okay, so far so good. Very often, we don't really know what's defined behind other library providers unless we check out the documentation or the source code. Let's assume we also don't know this time, that there's a string token for config , and we try to add our own provider like this:
... providers = [ DataService , THIRD_PARTY_LIB_PROVIDERS , { provide : configToken , useValue : CONFIG } ]
This will pretty much break our third-party library, because now, the thing that gets injected for the config string token is a different object than what the library expects. We basically ran into a naming collision.
Opaque Tokens to the rescue
Luckily, Angular anticipated such scenarios. It comes with a type called OpaqueToken that basically allows us to create string-based tokens without running into any collisions.
Creating an OpaqueToken is easy. All we need to do is to import and use it. Here's what the third-party providers collection looks like using OpaqueToken :
import { OpaqueToken } from '@angular/core' ; const CONFIG_TOKEN = new OpaqueToken ( 'config' ); export const THIRDPARTYLIBPROVIDERS = [ { provide : CONFIG_TOKEN , useClass : ThirdPartyConfig } ];
Of course, this is an implementation detail and we usually shouldn't have to care about what APIs are used inside a third-party library. Let's assume we've created an OpaqueToken for our config token as well.
import { OpaqueToken } from '@angular/core' ; import THIRDPARTYLIBPROVIDERS from './third-party-lib' ; const MY_CONFIG_TOKEN = new OpaqueToken ( 'config' ); ... providers = [ DataService , THIRDPARTYLIBPROVIDERS , { provide : MY_CONFIG_TOKEN , useValue : CONFIG } ]
Running this code will show us that, even though our application seems to use the exact same string token for different providers, Angular's DI is still smart enough to figure out which dependency we're interested in. As if we'd have two different tokens. And technically, this is exactly what happens.
Why it works
If we take a look at the implementation of OpaqueToken we'll realize that it's just a simple class with only a .toString() method.
export class OpaqueToken { constructor ( private _desc : string ) {} toString () : string { return ` Token $ { this . _desc } ` ; } }
toString() gets called when an error is thrown in case we're asking for a dependency that doesn't have a provider. All it does is add a tiny bit more information to the error message.
However, the secret sauce is, that we're creating actual object instances of OpaqueToken as opposed to simple string primitives. That's why Angular's DI is able to distinguish between our opaque tokens, even though they are based on the same string, because these instances are never the same.
We can easily double-check the equality of two opaque tokens like this:
const TOKEN_A = new OpaqueToken ( 'token' ); const TOKEN_B = new OpaqueToken ( 'token' ); TOKEN_A === TOKEN_B // false
InjectionToken since Angular 4.x
Since Angular version 4.x there's a new, even a little bit better, way of achieving this. InjectionToken does pretty much the same thing as OpaqueToken (in fact, it derives from it). However, it allows attaching type info on the token via TypeScript generics, plus, it adds a little bit of sugar that makes the developer's life a bit more pleasant when creating factory providers that come with their own dependencies.
Let's take a look at the following provider configuration for DataService :
const API_URL = new OpaqueToken ( 'apiUrl' ); providers : [ { provide : DataService , useFactory : ( http , apiUrl ) => { // create data service }, deps : [ Http , new Inject ( API_URL ) ] } ]
We're using a factory function that will create a DataService instance using http and apiUrl . To ensure Angular knows what http and apiUrl are, we add the corresponding DI token to the provider configuration's deps property. Notice how we can just add the Http token. However, apiUrl is providing using an OpaqueToken , and since it since a type, we have to use to Inject() constructor (equivalent of @Inject() inside constructors).
While this works perfectly fine, developers often ran into errors when they forgot to call new Inject() on the token. That's why since Angular 4.x we don't have to do this anymore. We can replace all OpaqueToken instances with InjectionToken instances and everything would work exactly the same way, except for the fact that we don't have to call new Inject() in factory provider dependencies anymore. Also, notice the generic. It's the type of what the injector is going to return.
In other words, the code above can then be written like this:
const API_URL = new InjectionToken < string > ( 'apiUrl' ); // generic defines return value of injector providers : [ { provide : DataService , useFactory : ( http , apiUrl ) => { // create data service }, deps : [ Http , API_URL // no `new Inject()` needed! ] } ]
Cool right? As of version 4.x OpaqueToken is considered deprecated.
Conclusion
Opaque tokens are distinguishable and prevent us from running into naming collisions. In addition, they provide a bit better error messages. Whenever we create a token that is not a type, OpaqueToken should be used. If we're using Angular in version >= 4.x, we use InjectionToken instead.
Videos on this article
If there ever was a word cloud graphic about our games in League of Legends I bet one of the big words would be 'Feed' or a similar one. We see these words almost every game, either coming from our teammates or the enemy team. It is very rare to have a game where someone doesn't end up “getting fed” or “feeding” since League of Legends always seems to move towards a snowball meta game.
However, the concept of feeding is often misunderstood and poorly used: it is more than having any beast score by 10 minutes – it has a value in terms of numbers and power.
Misconception about Feed
There is a lot of misconception regarding feeding in solo queue. From my experience it is viewed as a far too negative aspect of the game and often criticized far too much by players. League of Legends is a snowbally game, and to some extent it makes perfect sense to be that way: if a player or team produces quality play that translates into a small win within the game they should get rewarded for that, and this reward creates an advantage. After this, the team with the reward in theory has a better chance to keep producing plays that grant them further wins and, maybe eventually, the victory. This meritocratic system creates the snowball effect we see in League of Legends and this effect is deeply connected with the concept of feeding.
A lot of situations are described as feeding in solo queue, yet what we fail to realize is that they can be unavoidable outcomes to a certain chain of plays and events, and as such should not be so harshly judged. A simple 'one time miss play' can result in such a disadvantage to one side that, if exploited right it, the scenario of coming back from it becomes a huge mountain to climb. Even if we manage to get killed only that one time, we may very well find ourselves being denied of farm and experience or in a situation where we are unable to produce plays to shutdown the enemy laner.
To prove how a single kill can affect so much we have to break down a few simple numbers and stats in order to compare them and their consequences.
Gold in Stats
Gold is a base attribute in League of Legends and almost anything in the game can be defined in terms of gold. It is actually a very positive exercise to do because we gain a different perspective that is very neutral - and therefore beneficial - in analyzing on ourselves and others: the perspective of gold value. While this does not allow you to take undeniable conclusions regarding your play, it does put everything you want to consider on the same level and this helps comparisons.
Let's consider a simple example with no context: the item Dagger is worth 400g and gives you 12% attack speed. 9 Greater Marks of Attack Speed gives you 15.3% attack speed and therefore is worth more than 400g. These 9 runes add a value of more than 400g to your champion in a game, speaking in terms of gold mathematics only. You can now compare any gold related data you find relevant to this example I just gave you and take your own conclusions.
Gold in Levels
The same way we can break down the theoretical worth of getting a certain item or stats we can also do it with levels, to some extent. This allows us to further extend our study from a pure gold value perspective. Each champion gains a different set of stats when they level up. Considering the same example where Dagger is the item with the lowest cost giving Attack Speed only, we can find out the cost of each point of % Attack Speed and obtain our Gold/Stat Value, which in this case would be 33.33 gold per each point of Attack Speed.
Cassiopeia, for instance, gains 1.68% attack speed each time they level up, which means they get around 56 gold as an added value into themselves each time they level, from Attack Speed. After doing the math for every stat gained and for each champion I was surprised to find out that Vladimir only gets an added value of 491 gold for each level while, for example, Nasus gets 727 gold for each level they earn.
Bear in mind that these are theoretical mathematics only, they don't take into consideration the abilities of these champions and there for are, from the start, wrong as a champion evaluation in that sense.
Value of Feed
This example aside, you can theoretically break down most of League of Legends play into gold value and this helps you further grasp the true concept of feeding. A player who gets an early kill is granted both gold and experience for that kill. This in theory puts them up in terms of levels and ( eventually ) items. What sometimes people don't realize is that there is actually a double advantage for the rewarded player since these rewards are more than meets the eye.
Consider that, thanks to some combinations of good play and poor counter play, a certain champion ends up 4-0 at a certain point early in the game. First off let's look at the gold side of the equation: as a result of this they are able to complete a good item before the normal expected time, due to the extra gold they received – an item they would not have at this in had the game run “normally”. This item, let's say it was Bloodthirster, puts this Fed champion ahead, and this can be translated to this champion being worth more in terms of gold. Since they have more items completed in their inventory they are a more gold-worth champion and therefore they have the advantage over their direct opponent, because they have better stats. But it doesn't end here.
Not only does this stat increase bring value by itself but the fact that they have already completed the item is an advantage, in the sense that they are literally ahead of the enemy in normal time. And this brings us to the second part of the equation: The Fed champion has more stats than they should have at that particular time, and this represents the are in a theoretical higher level than the enemy counterpart. They may still be on the same level of experience, but in terms of stats the Fed champion is levels ahead and this “invisible level up” is also part of the Feed concept.
The Meritocracy of Feed
In a dynamic game like League of Legends kills are bound to happen. Some of these may be unavoidable and some will be because we misplayed. I'm sure we can all agree that giving away a kill doesn't qualify as Feeding - but what comes after might. Often what comes after is slightly beyond our control, since giving away a kill can be game breaking. Of course this is all theoretical and in most games a kill doesn't have this much importance but the point here is how much we value feeding as an accusation without realizing that it's probably a normal consequence of how the game is built.
The rewarding meta, where if Blue Team plays well they should be rewarded for it, only helps Blue Team get more rewards afterwards. And this Meritocratic effect promotes a team into being Fed and the other one, as a consequence, into feeding.
We build entire arguments around a concept that is deeply connected to how the game is built and we get mad at people for a chain of events that is bound to happen. “If we lose it's because Tryndamere fed Riven. “ – And poor Tryndamere was a victim of how much stronger that Riven was after their one misplay.
Understanding
Despite all of this thinking, my purpose is not to absolve blame from players who played poorly throughout a game. I actually believe that acknowledging blame instead of shifting it is the way to go and part of this process is to get blamed. Coping in a positive way with failure and responsibility is part of the path to success. But I see far too much responsibility being placed on someones' shoulders when in fact things got out of hand too soon and no help was provided. League of Legends is a team game and words like “team effort” should not just be there because they look pretty.
New Year is upon us and maybe one of the things players should focus on this year is Understanding. Not only understanding when it comes to game mechanics or strategies but also Understanding how the game works, how to game flows and shifts according to events, plays and time itself. There are too many fingers being pointed in our games and not enough work to figure things out and this comes from lack of Understanding.
As a sign off I'd like to wish everyone Happy Holidays and a fantastic New Year, filled with League Points and Pentakills. Also if anyone is interested in the full Maths study regarding the gold value of stats, champion experience and masteries they can contact me on Twitter @Sonic7051 or message me here!
Apple stores in Beijing and Shanghai have delayed the release of the iPhone 4S after a scene outside a Beijing store turned ugly early Jan. 13, with angry crowds fighting and throwing eggs at one of the buildings.
Crowds of hundreds, according to the Associated Press, waited outside overnight in 20-degree temperatures, only to be told in the morning-after the flagship store in Beijing didn't open at 7 a.m. as expected, and the crowd became rowdy-that the store would not open and no one would get the coveted device.
To ensure the safety of customers and employees, the iPhone "will not be available in our retail stores in Beijing and Shanghai for the time being," Carolyn Wu, an Apple spokesperson in Beijing, said in a widely reported statement.
Chinese consumers have proved to have an insatiable appetite for mobile devices, though the Apple brand holds particular cache, and the country-along with the United States-has become a top earner for Apple, bringing in more than 10 percent of sales in 2011. During Apple's 2011 fourth fiscal quarter, it opened a new store in Hong Kong, one of the 25 that officials have said they plan to open over the next few years.
"Our Hong Kong store joins our five other China stores as the highest traffic and among our highest revenue stores in the world," Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer said during an Oct. 18 earnings call.
CEO Tim Cook added later in the call, "Certainly in my lifetime, I've never seen a country with as many people rising into the middle class that aspire to buy products that Apple makes. I think it's an area of enormous opportunity, and it has quickly become No. 2 on our list of top revenue countries very, very quickly, and we're obviously placing additional investment."
The crowds outside the Beijing store, according to reports, weren't necessarily that middle class, but paid placeholders waiting to buy devices that scalpers planned to resell on the gray market. According to the Los Angeles Times, Apple's policy of selling a limited number of devices to each customer has encouraged scalpers to "organize large groups to swarm product releases, hoping to resell the products at a cut above retail."
One scalper interviewed in the report said they had organized 500 buyers to wait overnight for the iPhone 4, bragging that their recruits-students and the unemployed among them-outnumbered a rival's.
One recruit who'd waited overnight in the sub-freezing weather said that, without a device in hand, the organizers wouldn't pay the $10 to $20 they'd promised the recruits.
Some of the growing in-line tensions, added the L.A. Times, were caused by fights between the various groups of recruits.
Sales of the iPhone 4S went according to plan, however, at Apple's other Beijing store, where all 2,000 in-stock units sold out, according to the Wall Street Cheat Sheet. It added that "a similar launch in Shanghai also saw thousands lining up to buy the smartphone, and opened its doors an hour early and sold out almost immediately."
The situation at the flagship Beijing store appeared to impact Apple's stock price, which fell 0.5 percent, to $419.35, following the disturbance.
The Fourth of July turned into one of the most violent days of the year — with cops reporting 12 people shot, most in Brooklyn, between 5 p.m. and midnight.
One victim died, a 33-year-old man shot in the head while standing in the entryway to their home in the Flatlands section.
Their name was withheld pending notification of relatives.
The violence included two multiple shootouts that left five people injured.
The shootouts, which were apparently unrelated, occurred within 15 minutes of each other.
Two men and a woman were shot near Gates and Marcy avenues in Bedford-Stuyvesant at 11:17 p.m.
Fifteen minutes later, at Riverdale and Thatford Avenues in Brownsville, two men were hit.
Three other people were shot in Bed-Stuy, two in The Bronx and one in Manhattan.
Germany's Angela Merkel expressed regret that populist parties had done well in EU elections and said it was up to governments in countries like France to win back voters with policies that foster growth, jobs and competitiveness.
“As for the good results of the populists and the right-wing, it's remarkable and regrettable,” the chancellor told a news conference in Berlin on Monday. “The question is how we win over voters. This is also the case for France,” they said. “I think a course that focuses on competitiveness, growth and jobs is the best answer to the disappointment.”
Eurosceptic parties scored major victories in France, Britain, Greece and other European Union countries yesterday. In Germany, the anti-euro Alternative for Germany (AfD), which was founded only a year ago, won 7 per cent of the vote.
Dr Merkel said the results were unlikely to have a major impact on the functioning of institutions like the European Parliament, which will continue to be dominated by mainstream parties of the centre-right and centre-left.
“It will be more about pursuing policies that resonate with the people,” said the chancellor, whose conservative bloc emerged as the strongest party grouping in Germany. “They are less interested in the issue of whether there should be treaty change or not, but rather whether Europe is making a difference in their own lives,” they added, noting that high jobless rates in some countries had damaged trust in the EU project.
Standing alongside Dr Merkel, David McAllister, who led the campaign for Dr Merkel's Christian Democrats in Germany, offered strong backing for Jean-Claude Juncker as the next president of the European Commission, calling them a “convinced and convincing European”.
But Dr Merkel was more cautious, praising the former Luxembourg prime minister for their campaign as lead candidate for the centre-right European People's Party (EPP) but also making clear that extensive talks would be needed to finalise the top Commission job.
Preliminary results showed the EPP winning 214 seats, compared to 189 for the second-place Socialists. That still leaves the EPP well shy of the 376 seats needed to secure a majority in the 751-member parliament. “We are going into the debate with Jean-Claude Juncker as our candidate,” said Dr Merkel. “The main issue is which group came out stronger.
But we also know that none of the two big groups can decide the European Commission president on their own. So we need intensive talks and those haven't even started yet.” At a separate news conference, the head of the German Social Democrats Sigmar Gabriel signalled that their party was not ready to concede defeat in the battle for the top Commission job.
In an apparent attempt to shift the balance towards the Socialists and their lead candidate Martin Schulz, they called on the EPP to end its cooperation with Hungary's ruling Fidesz party and Italy's Forza Italia - led respectively by controversial figures Viktor Orban and Silvio Berlusconi. “I think it is wrong to make the fate of the European Union dependent on these two parties,” said Mr Gabriel.
Reuters
Aman Punia is 24. Their name, Aman, means "peace." They were raised in a devout Sikh home in India.
Sikhism is a monotheistic religion with roots in Hinduism and Islam. It dates back to religious reformers in the late 1400s. Sikhs -- a Sanskrit word that means "disciples" or "learners" -- believe in equality among human beings and among religions. Their honored founder, Guru Nanak, is famous for proclaiming that "there is no Hindu, there is no Muslim."
Sikh men commit themselves to The Five Ks -- Kesh, Kangha, Kara, Kachera, and Kirpan. That first one, the Kesh, requires Sikh men to keep their hair unshorn, their beards untrimmed, and their heads covered by a dastaar (a turban), a crown of devotion to remind Sikh men that their lives are to be pious, consecrated to God, and courageous. The Kesh ritual is fundamental in the life of a Sikh man.
When Aman Punia, who is now an atheist, chose to cut their hair, trim their beard, and remove their turban, some among their family and friends felt let down, hurt, even betrayed. As they posted at the Facebook page of Atheist Republic:
Unfortunately, religion doesn't handle unbelievers well and it handles "apostasy" even less well. Jehovah's Witnesses disfellowship members who stop following the doctrines of the Governing Body; the Amish shun deserters; St. Paul urged the Corinthians to "turn over to Satan" a congregation member who was not observing the sexual mores of the early Christians; and, in the most extreme manifestation of religious totalitarianism, ISIS beheads members of other faiths and even fellow Muslims who don't see things their way.
Former Sikhs like Aman -- former Christians and former Muslims, too -- primarily wish to be left alone to believe or not believe, as reason and conscience dictate. Aman no longer believes the supernatural tenets of the religion of their youth. They no longer wears a turban. But they still love their family and friends and India's larger Sikh community. They hope for reconciliation. They hope for peace. That's why he's called Aman.
No reporter has been more on top of President Barack Obama's sorry record on War on Terror-related flip-flops than the Washington Times' Eli Lake. Snippet from their latest:
On issues ranging from the government's detention authority to a program to kill al Qaeda terrorist suspects, even if they are American citizens, Mr. Obama has consolidated much of the power President George W. Bush asserted after Sept. 11 in the waging of the U.S. war against terror.
The continuities between the two administrations were evident this week, when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit dismissed a lawsuit that five former U.S. detainees brought against a subsidiary of Boeing Co. known as Jeppesen Dataplan.
The former detainees alleged that Jeppesen Dataplan facilitated their transport to U.S. and foreign prisons, where they were tortured. The Obama Justice Department, like the Bush Justice Department before it, urged the court to dismiss the case on grounds that state secrets would be disclosed in litigation.
In a 6-5 decision, the court ruled in favor of the federal government.
"It can fairly be said that the Bush administration made torture the law of the land and the Obama administration is making impunity for torture the law of the land," said Ben Wizner, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) attorney who represented the plaintiffs in the case.
THE mystery of the rocky Mars "monolith" which set tongues wagging around the world when it appeared to show evidence there was once life on the Red Planet has been solved - and alien hopefuls won't be impressed
Captured by a high-resolution camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter last July, it resembled the black monolith from Stanley Kubrick's movie 2001: A Space Odyssey.
But Britain's Daily Mail newspaper reveals scientists at the University of Arizona, which captured the original image, insist it's just a broken boulder.
University spokesperson Yisrael Spinoza said: "It would be unwise to refer to it as a 'monolith' or 'structure' because that implies something artificial, like it was put there by someone for example.
"In reality it's more likely that this boulder has been created by breaking away from the bedrock to create a rectangular-shaped feature."
Scientist Alfred McEwen added: "There are lots of rectangular boulders on Earth and Mars and other planets.
"Layering from rock deposition combined with tectonic fractures creates right-angle planes of weakness such that rectangular blocks tend to weather out and separate from the bedrock."
London's newest ‘eastender' begins tunnelling journey Thursday 29th November 2012 By Stuart Buss
Elizabeth becomes third tunnelling machine underway as work starts on Crossrail's longest tunnel section
Boats and barges to be used to deliver tunnel segments and remove excavated material from east London site
Crossrail moved a significant step forward today as London's newest ‘eastender' – 1,000 tonne tunnelling machine Elizabeth – began the 8.3km tunnelling journey to create the eastern section of the new rail line between Docklands and central London.
Elizabeth and sister tunnelling machine Victoria were lowered 40 metres underground into a shaft at Limmo Peninsula, next to Canning Town station last month. With the machines in place, Elizabeth has now begun the journey to create 8.3km (5.16 miles) of eastern tunnels from Docklands to Farringdon – Crossrail's longest tunnel section. Victoria will also begin work on the eastern tunnels later this year.
As the 150 metre long tunnelling machines advance forwards, precast concrete segments are put in place to form concrete rings to line the tunnels. Elizabeth has now placed the first of 110,000 concrete segments that will line the eastern tunnels.
All of the concrete segments are being manufactured at a new facility in Chatham in Kent where up to 50 new jobs have been created. The concrete segments are then delivered by barge from Chatham to the east London site, helping prevent thousands of lorry journeys through Kent and the capital. Ships will also being used to transport excavated material from the eastern tunnelling work to Wallasea Island in Essex where it is used to create a new 1,500 acre RSPB nature reserve.
The eastern section of Crossrail will see Elizabeth and Victoria tunnel beneath the River Lea towards the new station box at Canary Wharf where work is already underway to prepare for their arrival and to allow the machines to easily enter the station next year. Both tunnelling machines will then receive maintenance while in the large station box, before continuing their journeys towards Whitechapel, Liverpool Street and Farringdon. Elizabeth and Victoria are due to arrive at Farringdon in late 2014.
Crossrail Minister Stephen Hammond said: "The start of tunnelling in east London marks another major milestone in the construction of Crossrail. It yet again shows the engineering expertise involved in delivering this huge infrastructure project for the Capital, set to boost the economy and generate thousands of new jobs. I look forward to following the progress of Elizabeth and Victoria, the two tunnel boring machines, on their journey towards Farringdon."
Andrew Wolstenholme, Crossrail's Chief Executive said: “With the start of work on Crossrail's eastern tunnels we are seeing the biggest construction project in Europe now tunnelling on both sides of the capital. This is a significant step towards the huge transport improvements Crossrail will deliver, creating much needed additional capacity and faster new links with London's major employment areas. By using boats and barges to deliver and remove materials from these tunnels, this will keep thousands of lorries off the road in east London.”
A range of contractors and more than 500 workers are currently involved in the delivery of Crossrail's eastern section, continuing the important benefits the construction project is delivering to the economy in London and the UK.
Across the whole Crossrail project, eight tunnelling machines will construct 21 kilometres (13 miles) of twin tunnels under London. The Crossrail route will pass through 37 stations and run 118 km (73 miles) from Maidenhead and Heathrow in the west, to Shenfield and Abbey Wood in the east.
NOTE: Many features on the website require Javascript. You can enable it via your browser's preference settings.
Gallery Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail's third tunnel boring machine, Elizabeth, lifted by one of the largest cranes in Europe.
Crossrail TBM Victoria lowered into the shaft at Limmo 27 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Victoria lowered into the shaft at Limmo 27 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Victoria lowered into the shaft at Limmo 27 October 2012
Crossrail's fourth TBM, Victoria, was lowered into the main shaft at Limmo Peninsula on 27 October.
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
The 550 tonne tunnelling machine was lowered into a 40 metre deep shaft constructed at Limmo Peninsula - Crossrail's eastern tunnels launch site, near Canning Town.
Crossrail TBM Elizabeth lowered into the main shaft, 25 October 2012
The 1,350 tonne cranes took weeks to assemble and includes heavy-duty equipment to carry Elizabeth and Victoria on their descent into the enormous main shaft built at the site.
Crossrail TBM Victoria lowered into the shaft at Limmo 27 October 2012
Ends
For further information contact the Crossrail Press Office on 020 3229 9552 or email pressoffice@crossrail.co.uk
Notes to editors:
Joint Venture Dragados Sisk are constructing the eastern tunnels between Limmo Peninsula and Farringdon, Pudding Mill Lane and Stepney Green and Victoria Dock Portal and Limmo.
Tunnelling for Crossrail began at Royal Oak in west London in May 2012. The first two machines Phyllis and Ada are currently in the Paddington area and will progress on to Bond Street and Tottenham Court Road before completing their journey at Farringdon next year.
About Crossrail:
The total funding envelope available to deliver Crossrail is £14.8bn.
The Crossrail route will pass through 37 stations and run 118 km (73 miles) from Maidenhead and Heathrow in the west, through new twin-bore 21 km (13 miles) tunnels below central London to Shenfield and Abbey Wood in the east.
When Crossrail opens it will increase London's rail-based transport network capacity by 10%, supporting regeneration and cutting journey times across the city. Crossrail services are due to commence through central London in 2018.
Crossrail is being delivered by Crossrail Limited (CRL). CRL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Transport for London. Crossrail is jointly sponsored by the Department for Transport and Transport for London.
And, up to 50% off on select accessories from smartwatches to speakers to games.
T-Mobile today unwrapped another of its holiday gifts for the bluest of them all. This latest Un-carrier Unwrapped gift follows previous gifts for T-Mobile's own customers and other carrier customers. Starting tomorrow, eligible customers (see below) get a new iPhone 6s 128GB model for the price of a 16GB model, a $200 value, when they make the switch to T-Mobile.
For eligible customers who come over to the Un-carrier, all that extra memory will mean more space for epic holiday photos and videos shot on that new iPhone 6s. It means enjoying more music and more of the 1.5 million amazing apps available on the App Store while still having plenty of room to grow your content libraries as your storage needs to grow over time.
In addition, with this latest Un-carrier Unwrapped gift, T-Mobile's offering up to half off its line-up of financed in-store mobile accessories. This could be as much as a $125 discount on many of the hottest mobile accessories like the latest smartwatches, UE Boom and JBL Bluetooth speakers, Beats headphones, Fitbit fitness trackers, Guitar Hero Live for iOS bundle and more. For a full list of T-Mobile accessories online, see www.t-mobile.com/accessories.html.
“I can already hear carrier customers asking ‘What's the catch?' And I don't blame them—because, with the carriers, there's always a catch,” said John Legere, president and CEO of T-Mobile. “But that's not us. And this is our way of showing long-suffering carrier customers exactly how the Un-carrier gives you more without asking more from you. This holiday, give yourself an iPhone upgrade or the amazing Apple Watch, game, audio gear − pick your accessory − and cut the price up to $125 off. It's our gift to you.”
Carrier customers are also eligible for T-Mobile's Carrier Freedom and up to $650 per line to cover painful early termination fees (ETFs) or the balance owed on your phone, with phone trade-in when you switch your number to T-Mobile.
This Un-carrier Unwrapped offer kicks off for select carrier customers (see offer details below) who make the switch starting Friday, December 4 through December 13 while supplies last by calling 1.877.413.5903, in T-Mobile stores nationwide and online.
Available for AT&T, GoPhone and Cricket Wireless customers.
Line port-in from AT&T, GoPhone, or Cricket with qualifying Simple Choice plan required. Limited quantities available. Promotions applied as bill credits; must be active and in good standing when credits are applied. iPhone Upgrade via $200 bill credit; may take up to 90 days. One device per line. Accessories Discount: Finance agreement (min. $69.99, max. $250) required. Applied as monthly credit for as long as you maintain service over 24 months. If you cancel wireless service, remaining accessory balance at full price becomes due.
About T-Mobile
As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The Company's advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to more than 61 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.
# # #
Media Contacts
T-Mobile US Media Relations
MediaRelations@T-Mobile.com
Investor Relations
877-281-TMUS OR 212-358-3210
investor.relations@t-mobile.com
"The greatest thing to have learned is that across time, the Chinese were standing up every step of the way." -co-director Li-Shin Yu.
Ric Burns and Li-Shin Yu started making their latest film, The Chinese Exclusion Act, years before Donald Trump was even a twinkle in the eye of the American voter. Now, the longtime historical documentarians are making final edits on the film, produced by Steeplechase Films and the Center for Asian American Media and set to premiere at CAAMFest on March 19 as CAAMFest's Closing Night film in San Francisco's historic Castro Theatre. As cries of “Build the wall!” ricochet across the country, and with “the Muslim ban” firmly embedded in our everyday political lexicon, lessons from the film are more relevant than ever.
“These issues of immigration were always urgent,” Burns says, “And now are just on fire.” They and Yu spoke with CAAM from Steeplechase Films' book-lined offices in Manhattan.
The Chinese Exclusion Act, signed into law on May 6, 1882, was the first significant U.S. law to restrict immigration, and remains the only law which did so on the basis of a person's nationality. The Chinese Exclusion Act is landmark legislation for that reason alone. But it has a deeper resonance today. Just a few days prior to interviewing the directors of the film, immigration agents descended on cities across the country in a series of raids and rounded up nearly 700 undocumented immigrants.
The law was the culmination of decades of anti-immigrant rhetoric and violence targeted at Chinese immigrants. They arrived in the U.S. in the mid-1800s fleeing political instability and war in China and following promises of work and riches in the Gold Rush. Once in the U.S., and after the boom years of the Gold Rush ended, Chinese immigrants made easy targets as scapegoats for the economic plight of others. Politicians seized on Chinese newcomers as unassimilable “slaves” who flooded the American labor market to undercut native-born workers.
Political figures built their careers off of whipping up nativist sentiment under the guise of pro-worker populism. Political figures like John Bigler, the third governor of California, made their name crusading against Chinese immigration and championing taxes on Chinese laborers as early as the 1850s. The labor leader and anti-Chinese advocate Denis Kearney made a speech calling for the exclusion of Chinese immigrants in 1878. They said: “California must be all American or all Chinese. We are resolved that it shall be American, and are prepared to make it so.” Kearney ended all of their speeches and papers with the sign-off: “And whatever happens the Chinese must go.”
By the 1870s, anti-Chinese sentiment had curdled into outright violence and hostility in many communities throughout the west coast; the mass lynching of 19 Chinese people in Los Angeles' Chinatown in 1871 was just the most deadly of these incidents.
“The Chinese Exclusion Act didn't just pop out of the ground on May 2, 1882 a fully fledged thing,” says Burns. Nothing happens in a vacuum — not the enactment of xenophobic legislation nor the seemingly sudden arrival of waves of immigrants. Burns and Yu said their priority was to show the many interwoven economic, social, and political forces in the U.S. and abroad that led to the Chinese Exclusion Act, and to the arrival of Chinese immigrants on U.S. shores before that.
For Chinese immigrants in the mid-1800s, the forces compelling so many to leave their home country were significant: the Opium Wars, the Taiping Rebellion, and resulting famines and widespread instability. The arrival of Chinese in the U.S. heralded a new beginning in how the U.S. would understand immigration, Burns and Yu say. The rest of the world was beginning to see the first of what Burns call, “the blowback to global capitalism,” and the new reality that people would move around the world en masse if so pushed by large enough forces in their home countries.
In the last half of the 19th century, as Reconstruction was collapsing and the country slogged through an economic depression in the 1870s, politicians found easy scapegoats in Chinese immigrants. As a statesman, California Governor Bigler “wrangled a working class white rage at the fact that the Gold Rush had not been a stairway to heaven,” Burns says, “and all this transmogrified into hatred of the ‘other.'” Bigler called Chinese immigrants ignorant about and uninterested in joining American society, and described them as inferior, dishonest, and unassimilable in public addresses.
Passionate anti-Chinese sentiment manifested itself in the passage of punitive local ordinances that sought to criminalize or tax everyday Chinese life. San Francisco's queue ordinances of the 1870s forbade city prisoners from keeping long braids. Pole ordinances prohibited the use of poles to balance vegetables and other wares; the use of a pole to balance heavy loads was a uniquely Chinese practice. Chinese immigrants were even prohibited from testifying in court against whites.
By the time the Chinese Exclusion Act became the law in 1882, Chinese immigrants were firmly established in the popular imagination as villainous culprits responsible for the country's every economic woe. The law only codified a seething anti-immigrant sentiment that Americans latched on to. The law made it illegal for Chinese immigrants to come to the U.S., it made it illegal for those who left to re-enter the U.S., and it made it illegal for Chinese nationals to become U.S. citizens. The law was overturned only in the 1940s, and it wasn't functionally dismantled until 1965 during the Civil Rights era — just 50 years ago.
“It was democratic,” explains historian Renqiu Yu in the film. “It was legal. But it was wrong.” That breach between legality and justice is exactly what Burns and Li-shin Yu sought to explore in their film. “Here's a story that makes you think about how the way that democracy and jurisprudence work is not equal to justice,” Burns says.
The other chapter of the story of the Chinese Exclusion Act is one of resistance. Li-shin Yu says that in the years of making this film, the stories of resistance stood out to them over and over. “The greatest thing to have learned is that across time, the Chinese were standing up every step of the way,” Yu says.
Chinese Americans in the 19th century may not have had access to polls, and immigrants may have been barred from citizenship, but they used both the press and the legal system to wage a steady resistance. According to Yu and Burns, Chinese Americans challenged local anti-Chinese ordinances in an estimated 10,000 lawsuits. Some of those cases made it all the way up to the Supreme Court, and ultimately formed the basis for key legal principles in the country. In 1898, the Supreme Court cited the 14th Amendment when it ruled that Wong Kim Ark, the son of Chinese immigrants, was indeed a U.S. citizen because they were born in the U.S. The idea that birthright citizenship is a right offered to every baby born in the U.S. was established in the wake of the Chinese Exclusion Act.
“One of the greatest ironies is how Chinese Americans showed America the way,” Burns says. “They said: the great thing about this country is the Constitution, so we're going to make that system work better. We're going to improve the system using its own tools to force greater justice and equality.”
And, it wasn't only Chinese immigrants who spoke out against their exclusion. Frederick Douglass and Henry Highland Garnet, a deeply respected black abolitionist, also spoke movingly against Chinese exclusion.
In The Chinese Exclusion Act, we see the country grappling with deep, existential questions: Who gets to be American? How do we define citizenship? When and why ought to people be blocked from coming to the U.S.?
We often ask ourselves these questions, hoping that they can be definitively answered, and that progress or justice can ever be brought to completion. But “there is a tension that is continually going on, that has to be addressed generation after generation,” says Burns.
In that light, Burns and Yu felt unburdened by the contemporary parallels to the historical account they've set out to document. Even though the pair began this project five years ago, “the kernel of the story is still the same,” Yu says. “The more we stick to the historical story, it feels like it resonates more today.”
+ + +
Julianne Hing is a contributing writer at The Nation, where they cover immigration and the politics of changing demographics in the U.S.
Castro Theater
March 19, 2017 7:00 pm
Buy Tickets
Follow the project here and on Facebook.
INTELLIGENCE AGENCY GCHQ has intervened in the rollout of smart meters to demand better encryption to protect UK electricity and gas supplies.
GCHQ barged in after spooks cast their eyes over the plans and realised that power companies were proposing to use a single decryption key for communications from the 53 million smart meters that will eventually be installed in the UK.
The agency was concerned that the glaring security weakness could enable hackers, once they'd cracked the key, to gain access to the network and potentially wreak havoc by shutting down meters en masse, causing power surges across the network.
The security flaws would have been particularly catastrophic as the UK's 'Rolls-Royce' (i.e. unnecessarily expensive) smart metering system doesn't just automate meter reading. It enables power companies to engage in power management and even to cut people off remotely if they haven't paid their bills.
The UK's smart metering system, which has only just started being rolled out years late, has been widely criticised.
Telecoms industry veteran Nick Hunn, director of WiFore Consulting, told INQ's sister publication Computing 15 months ago that the system designed by the utilities and metering industries was "fiendishly complicated".
"Too many cooks have ratcheted up the technical complexity to the point where it is no longer fit for purpose. As a result, it's lining up to be the next major government IT disaster," they said at the time.
Hunn suggested that old-style gas and electricity meter makers in the UK are typically metal bashers rather than technology companies, and don't fully understand the complexities of the smart meters they have been asked to design.
Dr Ian Levy, technical director of GCHQ's communications security group, agreed that this may be the case.
"The guys making the meters are really good at making meters, but they might not know a lot about making them secure. The guys making head-end systems know a lot about making them secure, but not about what vulnerabilities might be built into them," they said in an interview cited by The Financial Times.
Most other countries rolling out smart meters have gone for far less ambitious and expensive schemes. They have largely focused on communicating data back to base securely in a bid to prevent theft and fraud. This has contributed to big savings in places like India and Brazil where power theft is rife.
Savings in the UK are expected to come from consumers using the information generated by smart meters to cut wasteful consumption.
The £11bn scheme is expected to save consumers £26 per year, notwithstanding the £30 cost of a proprietary wireless device to get minute-by-minute readings direct from the meter.
In other words, the UK has opted for an insecure smart metering system that is one of the most expensive, while offering the least scope for savings. µ
The INQUIRER's sister site V3 is hosting the Digital Technology Leaders Awards 2016 in London in June - and it wants YOUR nominations. The deadline is 22nd April, so enter now.
Microsoft has started an active campaign to spur people away from using IE6 in favor of, naturally, their own IE8. Their reasons are the same as any knowledgeable tech enthusiast—it's insecure, it holds back the evolution of the Internet, it smells bad—but anything that gets people off of IE6 is good news to the rest of us.
To start this campaign, MS has targeted users that Just Don't Know Any Better™ with videos and “web slices”:
The campaign's first visible elements are a video aimed at online holiday shoppers and a Web slice to promote daily deals at eBay. Web slices are basically live bookmarks that can show miniature Web pages in the browser. “What we're doing with the outreach is help users understand how to protect themselves against social engineering threats that exist and to help people understand how Internet Explorer 8 puts people in control of their own privacy online,” said Ryan Servatius, senior product manager for Internet Explorer. via
There may be better alternatives to IE8—and people around Icrontic will be happy to tell you some of their favorites—but any move to free the world of the browser that managed to inspire overly judgmental splash screens is a good one in our book.
The pyramid where new caverns were discovered. Image: ScanPyramids
The Great Pyramids of Giza may seem as old as time itself, but cutting-edge technology is being used to help unravel its remaining mysteries.
Egyptian, Canadian, Japanese, and French researchers are using highly sensitive muon panels to sense those elementary particles to find undiscovered caverns inside the giant pyramids.
Representations of the passageways that the muon scans unveiled. Image: ScanPyramids
The ScanPyramids project announced last week it had discovered a cavern on the northern side of the Khufu Pyramid, which is possibly another entryway into the pyramid that had been later covered. They also found some chevrons, which are blocks in a V shape, which caused some pause.
"In ancient architecture, chevrons were not used for decoration, but they have had a very practical purpose: to protect a void and prevents the roof from collapsing. The question posed here was: why so many chevrons are put to protect such a small area at the beginning of the descending corridor?" according to a project press release.
Representations of the passageways that the muon scans unveiled. Image: ScanPyramids
Researchers found the cavern by setting up sensors that can detect muons, which are particles as small as electrons that can pass through matter, and measured their speed and direction to determine empty spaces in the pyramid.
Muons are typically studied in high-energy accelerators such as European Organization for Nuclear Research, better known as CERN, to better understand these particles, but they've also been used in other situations as a research tool. Muons have also been used to "see" inside an active volcano in Japan and the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant after nuclear accident.
Muon sensor panels. Image: ScanPyramids
Researchers will continue to study these chevrons and will search for other caverns, according to the project.
Correction: This article originally omitted the involvement of French researchers in the project. We've since updated the story and regret the omission.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
WASHINGTON — The husband of a former high-ranking U.S. diplomat has been sentenced to 30 months in prison for sexually abusing a long-time household staffer at the state department-owned home where they resided while stationed in Morocco.
Labib Chammas, a 65-year-old former Syrian diplomat who is now a U.S. citizen and lives in McLean, Virginia, admitted they had threatened to fire the woman, who had been employed at the residence in Rabat for 16 years, if they didn't give them erotic massages.
The abuse went on from 2010 until 2013 and escalated at times to Chammas making the woman massage their genitals. On several occasions, they tried unsuccessfully to physically force them to perform oral sex on him, federal prosecutors said.
The allegations came to the attention of special agents with the U.S. State Department in 2013 when they received an anonymous letter detailing the abuse.
In interviews with investigators, Chammas said they had only threatened to fire employees of the residence because they thought they were stealing. They admitted receiving massages from the household servant, but said it was for treatment of chronic pain they had in their hip. When asked if they had ever ejaculated during the massages, they said they could not recall but later said “maybe two times, three times, I don't remember.”
Charges were finally brought against them in May 2016.
Chammas' wife, Judith Chammas, served as the deputy chief to the U.S. mission in Morocco from 2010 until this year. They had previously served in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Sri Lanka, Tunisia and Bangladesh.
Labib Chammas pleaded guilty in October to one count of abusive sexual assault. They have also been sentenced to a five-year term of supervised release and register as a sex offender for the next 15 years. They also are ordered to pay a $15,000 fine.
(Visited 276 times, 1 visits today)
The narrative in the mainstream media and from popular think tank organizations over the last several months is that San Francisco is dramatically “underproducing” housing and that this is the reason for The City's growing unaffordability. We are evidently expected to believe this assertion just because it is, well, asserted. But this argument raises key questions, which have remained unanswered: Underbuilding relative to what norm? And, even more importantly, underproducing housing for whom?
Fortunately, San Franciscans are willing and able to see through the hype. Here are some facts:
San Francisco is currently experiencing its highest level of housing production since the 1960s' Urban Renewal. According to the City Planning Department's Housing Inventory, almost 3,500 units were built in the year 2014, and we can estimate another 3,500 homes were completed in 2015.
The last time we reached such levels of production was between 1963 and 1965, during the heady and controversial days when entire neighborhoods were bulldozed to make way for new construction.
Thousands more units are currently midconstruction, or have been approved and are simply waiting for developers to start construction. According to the City Planning Department's “Pipeline” data as of October 2015, there are almost 9,000 units of housing in various stages of construction and another 4,300 fully approved homes that have yet to begin construction. (This does not include the 23,000 units approved in the huge Hunters Point Shipyard, Treasure Island and Park Merced projects, which will be built in the coming years).
These numbers defy the notion that housing production has been at the anemic pace that the “build, build, build” boosters would like us to believe.
That said, our current challenge is to produce new homes that serve San Franciscans as the population of The City continues to grow. This is not just about the volume of construction, but about building homes that are actually affordable at the full range of income levels for The City's residents.
While some may argue that 3,500 new housing units per year is “not enough,” the truly important question is: Who can afford those homes?
Here are some more facts:
More than half of what we are building should be affordable housing to keep up with job growth. According to the San Francisco General Plan Housing Element, about 4,100 total homes should be constructed annually to fully meet The City's growing population needs at all income levels. Of that total, 57 percent of new homes (about 2,330 units per year) should be affordable to low- and moderate-income San Franciscans (aka, below market-rate).
San Francisco has a dramatic imbalance between market-rate housing and affordable housing production. According to the City Planning Department's Housing Balance Report released in September 2015, the citywide production of net new affordable housing over the 10-year period between 2005 and 2015 was only 15 percent. Looking at the City Planning Department's Development Dashboard for 2015, only 18 percent of the new homes built were affordable to low-, moderate- and middle-income households. The other 82 percent of units constructed were market-rate housing.
And the future looks the same: Of the already-approved projects yet to be constructed, 87 percent of the housing is market-rate (13,179 units).
Those are sobering numbers in contrast to San Francisco's official housing policy, which calls for more than half of all new construction to be affordable for a wide range of households.
Those who claim we are simply “underbuilding” housing are off the mark. Though our current totals of housing production are at a historical high point, we are effectively overbuilding expensive market-rate housing in proportion to affordable homes for low-, moderate- and middle-income San Franciscans. It's more about balance than totals, and San Francisco today is dramatically out of balance in producing affordable housing.
Let's solve that problem first and foremost, and dispense with the false assertions about underproduction.
Peter Cohen and Fernando Martí are co-directors of the Council of Community Housing Organizations.
Click here or scroll down to comment
Two days after a 9-year-old Arizona boy pleaded guilty to the 2008 murder of their father and another man, police in Pennsylvania charged 11-year-old Jordon Brown yesterday in the shooting death of their father's girlfriend. The woman, identified as 26-year-old Kenzie Marie Houk, was eight months pregnant. As The Associated Press reported:
Fifth-grader Jordan Brown boarded the bus and headed to school like they did most other mornings in this rural western Pennsylvania community. But before they left home on Friday, authorities say, the 11-year-old boy had shot their father's pregnant fiancée in the back of the head as they lay in bed. They then put their youth model 20-gauge shotgun back in their room before going out to catch their bus, police say.
The boy and their father, Christopher Brown, lived in a house with Ms. Houk and their two daughters. The police gave no motive for the killing, but Jason Kraner, the victim's brother-in-law, said there had been “an issue with jealousy,” and their father, Jack Houk told The A.P. that they had been trying hard to build a relationship with Jordan.
While no trend of preteen murder exists, this weekend's shooting raised questions about the motive for such acts of extreme juvenile violence and whether such horrific and seemingly random tragedies can be prevented.
After a similar spate of juvenile killings two decades ago, research into the personality traits that led boys and girls to kill gained prominence. While the research has advanced in places — we no longer recognize the category of ”sexual-identity conflict murderers” — the origin of child murder, then as now, can still often be traced to the home. “The young murderer doesn't come from a typical American family,” Dr. Elissa P. Benedek told The Times in 1983. ”The average American parent doesn't need to fear being murdered.”
Justifiably or not, the same sentiment attaches itself to the two recent murders. And, as a 2007 report from the Centers for Disease control seems to indicate, violence at home is not likely to abate in the near future. (Charles Blow, the Times op-ed columnist, connected this report to the recent blasé reaction many teenagers had to the abuse of the pop star Rihanna.)
On Thursday, over the objections of their mother, Erin Bloomfield, Christian Romero pleaded guilty to negligent homicide in the shooting death of their father, Vincent Romero, 29, and their father's roommate, 39-year-old Timothy Romans. They killed them with .22-caliber rifle as they returned home from work last n November. Many were aghast at the crime, but even more disturbed that the police did not to press the child, who was 8 at the time of the murder, for a motive of any kind, despite having elicited a video taped confession.
Like this weekend's killing, the target was a family member and the murder weapon an unsecured rifle. Jordon is being charged as an adult with homicide and homicide involving an unborn child.
The prosecutor in Christian's case had initially said they would charge them as an adult. Christian, who will be under state custody until they reach 18, will undergo a psychiatric evaluation to determine whether they should be placed in a juvenile detention center, a therapeutic facility or a foster home or with their mother, who was divorced from their father.
Many liberal arts institutions across the U.S. are feeling the squeeze of declining enrollments, interest in career-related education and other factors affecting their bottom lines. So some colleges are taking drastic measures in programs cuts. But how much change is too much? Put another way, after program cut upon program cut, at what point does a liberal arts institution cease to be one?
Wartburg College, currently in tumult over a recent proposal to lay off well-respected members of the faculty -- leaving vacant key areas of the curriculum -- is hardly the only institution to be facing such questions. But what's happened at the central Iowa college in recent weeks provides an interesting angle on the future viability of liberal arts institutions without substantial endowments.
This month, at least three tenure-track faculty members at Wartburg received notices that the college was not recommending them for reappointment. The decision was the result of a process described in the Faculty Handbook, whereby the college dean and a representative faculty body, the Faculty Council, evaluate full-time, non-tenure-track faculty and tenure-track faculty contracts for continued “institutional need.” The college also is proposing not to fill open French, philosophy and theater positions -- the only ones on campus, faculty members say. In total, the college will cut 12 faculty lines by the end of the academic year, the Bremer County Independent reported. Wartburg currently has 104 full-time instructors.
Faculty members say the annual review is typically pro forma. But this year it targeted some of the most beloved faculty members on campus: Erik Grayson, an assistant professor of English; David Herwaldt, an assistant professor of art; and Jennifer McBride, an assistant professor of religion and the college Board of Regents Endowed Chair in Ethics. The professors were notified their jobs were at risk by being copied on a memo to their respective chairs. A note at the bottom indicated that mental health services were available to them.
The notification doesn't mean the decision is final; the college, according to its own timeline, has a few more days to consult with department chairs about its recommendations. The list then goes to President Darrel D. Colson, who will finalize it by Nov. 10. But because such notifications are so rare, students, alumni and faculty members are taking them to be all but official layoffs. In response, students have started various petitions asking the college to reconsider, and to think about how the cuts will impact quality of education. Grayson, students have pointed out, is the only American literature specialist in their department. To many, it's just not a liberal arts department without anyone who specializes in American literature.
“Experiences in the arts and humanities are invaluable to a liberal arts education and by eliminating these three positions, we believe Wartburg is demonstrating a disregard for the liberal arts,” reads a petition initiated by Wartburg students. “Furthermore, the elimination of professors does not represent excellence, integrity, engagement, strengthened community, flight attendantship or legacy -- all of which are strategic values of Wartburg's mission.”
Students have taken to Facebook to voice their concerns, as well, and faculty members have joined them. Grayson thanked students for their support, saying, “I can speak for both David [Herwaldt] and Jenny [McBride] when I say that the support of our students has been overwhelming. We are all incredibly touched and humbled by the kindness and support you have all expressed for us.”
The page also contains a copy of a Facebook message posted by David Brennan, an adjunct instructor of forensics at Wartburg, saying that they were witnessing “academic culling, supposedly for the good of the system.” Students and faculty are “outraged,” they said, with good cause.
“These educators are great at what they do; they truly care about the students they teach and are interested in their futures,” Brennan wrote. “Not to mention, they are completely necessary to the departments to which they belong. Departments are continually asked to do more with less, which they do, out of fear of retaliation from those in power.” (Brennan authenticated the post but explained via email that they were speaking not specifically about Wartburg, but rather about cuts to institutions across the country.)
Last Thursday, according to faculty accounts, professors held a meeting to discuss the proposed layoffs, and some expressed skepticism about the term “institutional need” being applied to the situation. They also asked for more details about just how the dean and Faculty Council had come up with their recommendations, but received none.
So far, the college has pointed to declining enrollment and a $3.7 million budget gap as a reason for the cuts. Graham Garner, a Wartburg spokesperson, said the college has seen a decline in enrollment for each of the last five years, from just over 1,800 students in 2011 to about 1,537 today. That's partly due to the national debate over college value, they said, as well as local factors: a shrinking high school feeder population in Iowa and more aggressive in-state recruiting by public universities, due to new legislative incentives for enrolling Iowans.
Wartburg laid off 11 nonfaculty staff members last year, and this year nontenured faculty lines were on the chopping block. Garner declined to say exactly which positions, or even how many, were recommended for elimination, saying they hadn't seen the list. But they said the recommendations were made in conjunction with the Faculty Council, according to policy.
Asked if Wartburg could continue as a liberal arts institution without a professor of philosophy or French or an American literature expert, Garner said the cuts targeted faculty positions, not programs. There are other ways of “delivering” programs than via a full-time faculty member, they said. Garner also acknowledged criticism lodged by some students that the college initiated a women's lacrosse program in recent years, and that it's looking to add a music therapy professor even as it sheds those in other disciplines. Both lacrosse and music therapy are potential areas of growth and distinction, they said.
“The main thing to recognize is that this is not being done carelessly or in an unfeeling manner,” Garner added. “We're in a difficult situation and have to make changes, and do that in a thoughtful way that ensures our survival in the long term. We're learning that those institutions that adapt thoughtfully do so with their missions and spirit intact.”
But Grayson, the Americanist, said via email that they understood faculty and student concerns about the future of Wartburg as they know it.
"Obviously, institutions change to meet the needs of their students and adapt to the academic climate in which they exist, but a college's identity as a liberal arts institution will be damaged if current and prospective students perceive that it cannot provide them with full-time faculty members trained in the areas they wish to study," they said. "Because the three currently staffed positions recommended for elimination are in ethics, graphic design and American literature and because it appears we may end up with zero professors of French, philosophy and theater after this year, I can understand why some students and faculty are so concerned with Wartburg losing its identity as a liberal arts college."
Another professor in the humanities who did not want to be identified by name or specific discipline, citing an uncertain environment at Wartburg, said, "When value and institutional need are measured solely in monetary terms, the institution has ceased to be a liberal arts college."
Wartburg's just the most recent college to announce major faculty or de facto program cuts. Drury University, in Missouri, last month said it was eliminating the jobs of 12 nontenured faculty members, citing a decline in enrollment. The faculty members who lost jobs were in theater, philosophy, music, education and languages. Drury said it plans to grow in fields with more student demand, and as a result is adding programs in film and TV production, digital design, animation, and professional writing -- inspiring some on campus to create a Facebook page called "Save Drury as a Liberal Arts School."
MacMurray College, in Illinois, is ending English, history and philosophy majors and music as a minor. “We realized in order to be sustainable, you have to be novel,” MacMurray President Colleen Hester told Crain's. Also in Illinois, Benedictine University is shifting toward adult education at its Springfield campus after seeing a major drop in enrollment.
Ashland University, whose College of Arts and Sciences is rooted in the liberal arts, laid off 23 instructors -- some of them tenured -- in August, saying it was “restructuring” after years of financial difficultly (even though enrollment appeared to be steadying). And of course Sweet Briar College stunned students, faculty and alumni last spring when it announced it was closing due to concerns about its long-term viability. Soon after the Sweet Briar announcement, Moody's Investor Service predicted that college closure rates will triple by 2017.
The American Association of University Professors is concerned about faculty rights at struggling liberal arts institutions, and there was some talk of “the next Sweet Briar” at the association's annual meeting in June. Greg Scholtz, director of academic freedom, tenure and governance at AAUP, couldn't comment directly on the Wartburg case, since they taught there for 19 years. But they said the association is aware of what's happening in Iowa and on other, similar campuses.
Liberal arts institutions are in tough spot, given declining enrollment, financial concerns stemming from the 2008 recession, and other problems, Scholtz said, and there's no silver bullet. AAUP's key concern, however, is that tenured professors at these institutions retain their due process rights, and that faculty members generally remain the primary overseers of any related curricular changes.
“Obviously when you close programs in key humanities and fine arts areas,” Scholtz said, “you have to question whether students can still be offered what is characterized as a liberal arts education. But what we're concerned about, of course, is whether the institution unilaterally starts firing tenured faculty just to save costs, without any faculty involvement.”
Demo For Tactical, Turn-Based Mecha Game Dual Gear To Release On Steam This Month
By Joel Couture . February 14, 2016 . 9:30am
An updated version of tactical, turn-based mecha game Dual Gear's alpha build demo will be released on Steam this month after the game was Greenlit within 9 days.
Inspired by Front Mission, Dual Gear puts players in control of a squad of mechs, each customized with specific parts to the player's liking. There are various options for cameras, limbs, weaponry, cockpits, and pilots, and each individual piece carries benefits and consequences for the mech's overall performance.
As mechs move in real time, they can be attacked by enemies, but when the player stops and stands still, their own attack options become available. These are dependent on the weaponry that is equipped, and will also draw on Action Points (AP) and Generator Output (GP) to dictate whether a move can be used. Players must watch these two point systems as they choose battle tactics and maneuver each mech in their squad.
Mechs must also be brought into battle using a player-customized carrier depending on the location of the action (space, sea, land), with superior carriers allowing transport of larger squads.
An earlier build of the Alpha Demo is currently available from Dual Gear's website, but access is tied into making a donation to their IndieGoGo campaign.
Crooked Cop Mueller and Deep State Once Again Push Out Leaks as More News of DNC Corruption Comes to Light
Guest post by Joe Hoft
A couple of weeks ago a report came out from the Hill that the FBI was investigating Russian activities in the US when Robert Mueller (as Head of the FBI), Hillary and the Obama Administration approved the sale of 20% of the US's uranium to Russia back in 2010. The fact that the American people and Congress were not informed was mischievous and even criminal. The fact that Obama and the Clintons approved the sale of 20% of the US's uranium to Russia was shocking and criminal. At the same time the Clintons received massive amounts of cash from the Russians in an apparent ‘pay to play' transaction where the Clintons received money in return for approving the uranium sale to Russia.
In response to the news, criminal ‘bad cop' Robert Mueller released information that Friday that they were going to make arrests in regards to the Trump-Russia special investigation. These criminal leaks to the mainstream media (MSM) were clearly attempts to distract from news related to massive corruption with the prior Obama Administration and the Clintons and involving Mueller himself.
There is huge amount of corruption and criminal activities related to the Clintons and the Obama Administration and yet current Attorney General Jeff Sessions refuses to investigate.
Last week, former DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile released information from their new book where they state that Hillary was so sick that they were contemplating replacing them in the election and that they feared for their life after the death of Seth Rich. Brazile also reported that the Clinton campaign stole the 2016 election from Bernie Sanders and the Clinton campaign was money laundering.
After this latest news about Democrat corruption and criminal acts – More Deep State leaks.
So this weekend the leaks continued with a report from MSM NBC that the Mueller team has enough information to indict President Trump's former National Security Advisor General Mike Flynn. Another criminal leak from the Mueller camp and the MSM eats it up.
This morning more leaks were released about President Trump's Secretary of Commerce Secretary. MSM ABC reports –
that Mr Ross continues to hold a stake in a shipping company that has a multi-million-dollar deal with a Russian firm part-owned by Putin cronies currently subject to US sanctions.
Give us a break! Billionaire Ross has a stake in a shipping company that does business in Russia and this is Russia collusion?
Mueller and the Deep State are desperate and are willing to report anything to keep the focus off of their criminal actions over the past 8 years under the Obama Administration. Expect more leaks in the coming weeks (actual and bogus) as criminal actions related to the Clintons and Obama Administration are uncovered.
Farmer 'gets £1m of public cash to heat empty shed' - 'catastrophic' blunder threatening to drain hundreds of millions from Northern Ireland's block grant BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Northern Ireland's block grant could be hit for hundreds of millions of pounds over the next 20 years because of Stormont's failure to control a renewable energy scheme, it has been revealed. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/farmer-gets-1m-of-public-cash-to-heat-empty-shed-catastrophic-blunder-threatening-to-drain-hundreds-of-millions-from-northern-irelands-block-grant-34856610.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article34227786.ece/27c40/AUTOCROP/h342/2015-11-24_new_14863767_I1.JPG
Email
Northern Ireland's block grant could be hit for hundreds of millions of pounds over the next 20 years because of Stormont's failure to control a renewable energy scheme, it has been revealed.
The lack of financial controls around Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) have been described as "catastrophic".
The scheme was set up aimed at encouraging businesses to switch to green heating systems such as biomass heating systems, solar thermal and heat pumps.
But the full scale of the burning-ash-for-cash racket are revealed today in a damning audit office report. The report states:
a farmer is in line to receive £1m of public money over the next 20 years for heating an empty shed;
arge factories in Northern Ireland are on course to pocket £1.5 million over two decades for running incentivised biomass boilers all year round in premises that previously were not heated;
more than £1 billion of public money will be paid to Northern Ireland-based businesses by 2036 after they installed new appliances under the RHI scheme;
According to the audit office report, the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment (DETI) scheme was designed without viable cost controls and has led to commitments that have exceeded the maximum that HM Treasury will fund.
As a result the excess funding is likely to cost the block grant £140m over the next five years alone, with "significant costs" continuing until 2036.
Comptroller and Auditor General Kieran Donnelly said the scheme didn't include measures that could have curbed potential abuse. The Department relied heavily on OFGEM, a government regulator, to administer the scheme.
Mr Donnelly singled out £11.9 million that was spent by DETI on the scheme over seven months in 2015-16 without obtaining the required approvals from the Department of Finance and Personnel. They said they also had significant concerns over the amount of expenditure that has been committed to in the future, the future impact on the block grant and allegations raised by a whistleblower. In that letter, the whistle-blower said it is being left up to the installer to vet whether suitable businesses can avail of the scheme. Large factories with no previous heating had installed three biomass boilers, planning to run them all year round in order to collect £1.5 million over the next 20 years, they said.
The whistleblower also told OFMDFM about a farmer who was aiming to collect around £1 million over 20 years for heating an empty shed, even though they had no need of a biomass boiler.
Mr Donnelly said the findings of a review by DETI and OFGEM into these abuse allegations are due at the end of July and that work will be supplemented with a new independent review which will be completed in September.
The Renewable Heat Incentive scheme was introduced in November 2012, following a parallel scheme in the rest of the UK, and was aimed at helping Northern Ireland to reach its 2011-15 target of 10% of heat consumption from renewables by 2020.
It paid a fixed amount for every kilowatt of heat energy produced by renewable technology for 20 years after installation.
The Northern Ireland scheme failed to include a number of key controls that were built into the GB scheme, including tiering of payments - so that a reduced rate applied after the equipment had been operated for 15% of hours in a year - and degression, so that the tariff changed in response to changes in demand.
Mr Donnelly said that in the early years of the Northern Ireland scheme, demand was very low and DETI's priority was identifying ways to boost demand and getting the domestic scheme up and running.
"Once it became apparent that demand was increasing significantly the Department was unable to react quickly due to legislative constraints," they said.
Between 2012 and 2015 the rates paid in GB fell by 50%, yet the rates in Northern Ireland increased, they said.
"Returns available to claimants under the scheme in Northern Ireland appear to be excessive and are committed to for the next 20 years," Mr Donnelly said.
Ulster Unionist spokesperson, Steve Aiken said: "This is a catastrophic and self-inflicted failure of devolved government."
How did it happen?
The non-domestic Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme was introduced in Northern Ireland in November 2012, following a parallel scheme in the rest of the UK.
It aimed to persuade businesses to switch to greener heating technologies.
It was administered on behalf of DETI by the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (OFGEM).
The Department had approval from DFP for a total budget of £25m for 2011-12 to 2014-15, but thanks to delays and low take-up there was a large underspend up until 2014-15.
The level of tariff was set in 2012 at the start of the scheme and was not reviewed until autumn 2015.
When the scheme was considered in 2011, DETI decided not to copy the GB scheme, mainly due to the wider availability of natural gas there.
When degression was introduced in GB, demand for the scheme in Northern Ireland was low and the priority was to find ways to increase demand.
When demand began to increase significantly the Department was unable to react quickly due to legislative constraints.
In April 2015 it became clear that demand was increasing. DETI proposed an amended scheme with a much lower second tier tariff.
DFP approved the business case for the scheme at the end of October but didn't give retrospective approval for 788 applications that were completed between April 1, 2015 and October 29, with an estimated annual cost of £11.9 million which is considered by NIAO to be irregular.
It is likely that an estimated £19.4 million of expenditure will continue to be incurred every year on these 788 applications for the next 20 years - also considered irregular, unless the Department is able to get retrospective approval from DFP.
For a claim approved before November 2015, there was no upper limit. The more heat that was generated, the more would be paid. A biomass boiler used 24 hours a day could generate £737,580 over 20 years, compared to £66,420 in GB.
HM Treasury has ruled out any increase in its contribution and these costs will have to be met from the block grant for the next 20 years.
Belfast Telegraph
Football Every Day's Alex Morgan caught up with the 2016 MLS All-Star head coach Dominic Kinnear to discuss their career, the growth of Major League Soccer and tonight's All-Star Game against Arsenal.
It's a sweltering afternoon at the San Jose Earthquakes' Avaya Stadium and there's no escape from the sun on the club's training pitch adjacent to the stadium. Not that Quakes head coach Dominic Kinnear is one to look for shelter. He's right alongside their players, leading them through warmups, a small-sided scrimmage, and some shooting games.
Even though Kinnear has to prepare for an MLS All-Star team press conference in an hour, where he'll be speaking alongside some of the biggest names in the world game, he's focused on being there with their team in the moment. “I haven't taken too much of a step back [from the Quakes],” they say, despite the whirlwind of this week's many All-Star game festivities.
There are some coaches in modern soccer that take a more aristocratic hands-off approach, focusing more on the purely tactical aspects of the game than on the team's chemistry or developing functional relationships with their players.
Kinnear is not one of those coaches. He's not always the most effervescent of figures in front of the media and supporters, but clearly understands the grit required to compete amid the parity that is Major League Soccer, and is always right there alongside their team.
It's almost ironic, then, how such a pragmatic coach has found themselves once again in charge of one of the showiest games in the United States. Kinnear hasn't managed as much as a single European star in their entire career and now he'll be leading the crème de la crème of the league against European giants Arsenal on Thursday.
Kinnear is only forty-nine years old (his birthday was on Tuesday, though they wouldn't shout about it), yet has taken part in every single Major League Soccer season since the league's inception in 1996 as a player and then a manager. Having been coaching in MLS for so long, they have been able to leverage their network and experience to lead two of the league's most frugal teams – the Houston Dynamo and the San Jose Earthquakes – to two MLS Cup Final appearances apiece over the course of their career.
Especially with the salary cap and pervasive squad restrictions in Major League Soccer, understanding how to construct a well-rounded team can be as important as having a war chest of transfer funds.
Kinnear has been a part of the Bay Area soccer scene their whole life, having moved to Fremont from Scotland as a toddler, and has experienced the rise of Major League Soccer from its roots. They remember the days when the Quakes had to drive to three different locations just to train and there was barely enough infrastructure in the States to scrap together a league.
Now, as we're speaking under the beautiful expanse of Avaya Stadium, they reflect on the growth of American soccer with pride.
“Really, you just kind of feel lucky,” they told Football Every Day. “When the league first started, nobody knew what direction it was going in. If you had shown us a snapshot of where the league is twenty years later we all would have been really happy with what's happening with the expansion, new stadiums, training facilities.”
“Forty-two years ago when I was driving to Spartan Stadium as a seven-year-old, I never thought that I would be here coaching the All-Star team,” they added in Tuesday's All-Star game press conference.
They were a robust centerback during their playing days, playing for the San Francisco Blackhawks, the Colorado Rapids, the San Jose Clash and the Tampa Bay Mutiny before immediately transitioning into coaching, joining Frank Yallop's backroom staff at the Quakes. In 2005, they took over for Yallop and has gone on to be one of the most successful managers in the history over the league after leading the team to a Supporters' Shield trophy in their first year in charge.
They direct a lot of the limelight away from themselves to the players, the league, and the growing infrastructure around him, and over the past week has talked at length about how MLS has so dramatically changed over the past twenty-one years.
But over the course of their career they have also grown as a coach, too.
“I've become a little bit more patient over the years, I used to be more of a yeller and got upset with a lot of the little things,” they say. “Over the years, you kind of just let things go a little bit easier and try to focus on the big things rather than just worry about the little things.”
“From top to bottom we've taken huge steps. Back in the day it was just about trying to get professional teams and now we're talking about academics and even more expansion teams. All in all, the progress has been excellent. It's not just what you see on game days, what you see in the stadiums. You have to think of the infrastructure. Some teams are a little more advanced than others because of the facilities and the time they've spent in the league, so the Chipotle Homegrown Game is a wonderful idea. It's not just about the All-Stars, it's the young stars that will be playing in MLS for years to come.” — Dominic Kinnear on Major League Soccer
They have a straightforward mindset when it comes to tactics, operating flexible, defensive-oriented teams. They don't aim to be revolutionary (his coaching style has remained broadly consistent throughout their career), but they clearly respect forward-thinking managers such as Arsène Wenger.
For any counter-attacking minded coach, understanding the opposition is a key part of the game and perhaps that might give Kinnear's men a slight edge in the All-Star game, one that they will need against a polished Arsenal side.
“Out of all the English teams, I've probably watched [Arsenal] the most,” they say. “I'm not an Arsenal supporter, I just like the way they play. Arsène Wenger has been there and transformed the English game… just to look at the teams they have had and the players they have brought in. They've always played attractive soccer and I've always enjoyed watching them play.”
Kinnear speaks from experience, as they have been a part of the All-Star festivities twice before, though this year's edition is bigger than ever.
In 2001, they were a part of Frank Yallop's coaching staff back then it was still the East versus West format and the game finished in a chaotic 6-6 draw. It was the first and only game to have ended in a tie, though clearly by the scoreline there was no lack of entertainment.
Nine years later, Kinnear was in charge of the All-Stars when they faced Manchester United. However, what was supposed to be a fun experience for the team went downhill fast in a sobering 5-2 defeat. “It was a sickening feeling walking off the field even though it was a friendly,” Kinnear said.
That experience, they say, has given more recent All-Star teams the motivation to avoid similar embarrassments. They're are on a two-year winning streak, having beaten Bayern Munich in 2014 and Tottenham Hotspur last summer. Since 2009, the league has welcomed an entirely new cast of stars with bigger profiles than ever before.
“The guys that we have in the locker room, they play for a reason. They want to win, they want to play well. We want to step on the field, have the team play well and win the game. We're not just going out and having fun, there's a competitive edge to the game that our players will have and I think the fans will see that as well. — Dominic Kinnear on the MLS All-Star Game
“It makes it a lot different,” Kinnear said. “Landon [Donovan] was really big…but now you're talking about [Andrea] Pirlo, [Didier] Drogba, Kaka, [David] Villa, and [Sebastian] Giovinco. The makeup of the squad is a little more star-studded and that makes it more fun.”
Moreover, the star players made the process of picking the squad that much more fun for their staff, “almost like fantasy football,” they laughed.
“It really hits you the first time you give a pre-game talk to the guys,” they added. “You're pinching yourself a little having watched all of these players on television and then you're writing their name up on the board. It has come a long way in a short amount of time.”
Despite all the glitz this week, he's their usual personable self with the All-Star players, taking the time to check in with each All-Star ahead of Wednesday's training session.
“Dom?” said Quakes goalkeeper David Bingham, one of the two hometown players on the All-Star roster. “Dom never changes.”
In some ways, it can be a frustrating trait for fans hungry to see more big-name players now – but Kinnear understands change comes gradually and doesn't try to force it when success is a delicate juggling game in MLS. On the flip side, those unwavering qualities are what have made them one of the most successful, ever-present coaches in the history of Major League Soccer.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- New York Jets star cornerback Darrelle Revis, who made headlines in March when they called Bill Belichick a "jerk" in an ESPN interview, explained their comments Thursday -- and possibly inflamed the situation even more.
Revis, who made their original remark during a word-association game, said they called out the New England Patriots' coach because they felt Belichick had made "ignorant" and "disrespectful" comments about the Jets.
"They told me to sum them up in one word and I gave my honest opinion," Revis told reporters in the Jets' locker room, adding, "I feel that people let them slide when they say smart remarks on certain things."
Revis said they respect Belichick because "winning is winning." But they quickly added, "When you say certain comments about the Jets, some things are disrespectful. It's OK to have a rivalry, it's OK to compete. But when it gets personal, then it gets disrespectful.
"I didn't start this battle," Revis continued. "It's just the smart comments they say. It's ignorant. It's ignorant (toward) this organization."
Belichick, who served as the Jets' defensive coordinator from 1997 to 1999 before resigning when they were to succeed Bill Parcells as the head coach, is notoriously tight-lipped. But they made a vulgar remark about the Jets after beating them last Nov. 13, 37-16, at Met Life Stadium.
Walking off the field, Belichick put their arm around their son and, according to the New York Post, told him, "Thirty-seven points on the best defense in the league. Suck my d---."
The next day, in an interview with WFAN, Belichick didn't deny the comment.
"Any conservations I had privately, I'll keep private," they said.
It infuriated Revis.
Adam Doud sure doesn't like the idea of a Windows Phone phablet.
Pocketnow's newest editor is, if nothing else, consistent. He's denounced the concept of a Nokia-made smartphone/tablet hybrid more than once, with their latest anti-phablet proclamation coming on the heels of today's unveiling of the new Lumia 1520.
Adam's arguments are quite valid. Their insistence that modern Windows Phone software can't effectively utilize the added screen real estate of a phablet is understandable, even if the problem isn't confined to Microsoft's OS (we recently took the Android-based HTC One max to task for the same shortcoming). And their desire for greater one-handed usability is definitely something I can get behind. We can't all have hands like Taylor Martin or Marques Brownlee, after all.
But I disagree with Adam. That doesn't mean I'm going to call them a “fanboy,” “bias(ed),” or any of the five or six other tired old pejoratives lying around in the Troll's Toolbox. Instead, I want to quickly call attention to a point that I think deserves to be made about Windows Phone phablets: to me, they make more sense than their Android counterparts.
So here's the thing: I really like some Android phablets. Sure, there are a few phones out there that straddle the line -you could make a case that superphones like the LG G2 and Samsung Galaxy S 4 are more phablet than not, and devices like the Galaxy Mega and Sony Xperia Z Ultra are in a different class entirely- but for my money, it doesn't get much better than a solid, robust, feature-packed smartphone/tablet hybrid. I'm talking about the Galaxy Note 3, of course, a device I'll make no apologies for holding above most others. Between its S Pen and its special software suite designed to leverage the massive display, it comes the closest to what I think a true “phablet” should be.
And yet, like all (stock) Android devices, it falls short in one crucial area: the home screen. Yes, you can populate your umpteen scrollable panels with widgets, icons, and folders galore – a great strength of Android is its customizability. But regardless of the resolution of your phone's display, it's very hard to get the device to effectively utilize all of its desktop space without resorting to a third-party launcher or a service like Themer.
Until Google fixes this problem in a future Android release with out-of-box support for universally resizable widgets and many more options for font sizes and the like, I'll always look at supersized Android phones with a little pang of irritation. The kind of slight annoyance you get when you come across a wasted opportunity. “If only I could toss some Live Tiles up in here,” I'll say for the hundredth time.
Enter the Lumia 1520.
From its inception, Microsoft has pitched Windows Phone as the platform to buy into if you want glanceable information. From the original release through to 7.5, 7.8, and all the way up to the current build of Windows Phone 8, the central concept of the Modern UI's home screen experience has been that you shouldn't need to dig for information. Any information. It should all be there, displayed in the form of Live Tiles, the minute you turn on the screen.
It's a promise Microsoft has struggled to keep in some areas -the platform's Me and People hubs are badly in need of updates, and the lack of a notification center is still a sticking point for many folks out there- but in others, it really works well. On my Lumia 1020, the weather widget flipping back and forth between current temperature and forecast saves me a tap a few times a day. So does the constantly-updating comment count on Instagram client 6tag. Getting text message previews on the large SMS tile is a handy replacement for Android's notification tray when I do miss it, and the constantly-shuffling Gallery tile adds some needed warmth, reminding me of where I've been and what I've photographed. It's a home screen experience so good, at times you're left wondering just why you need a notification center anyway.
Improbably, that positive experience translates to the notebook and tablet experience as well. As much as we griped about the Surface RT and other RT-based tablets, we always loved the customizable Live Tiles on the large home screen – tiles which made using the platform much more enjoyable thanks to their intelligent and stylish use of the screen space. That's more true than ever thanks to the option for more tile sizes in Windows 8.1, allowing users to cram even more information onto the screen.
That's why the Lumia 1520 is so important, in my view. It's more than just Nokia's first 1080p-equipped device; it's concrete proof that the dense tile layout of Windows 8.1 can work on Windows Phone, given high enough resolution. The 1520's inclusion of an available third row of home screen tiles expands the usable interface area in a major way, making more of the screen active – making the 1520 a much better phablet than most big-screened Android phones I've encountered. At least in terms of glanceability.
Of course, not everyone will favor a “pocket edition” of the Windows 8 user experience – and as I said above, there's much more to a well-rounded phablet than just a big screen and a glance-friendly home screen. Whether the 1520 is a phone I'd carry or recommend is a question which will ultimately have to wait for Pocketnow's full review. But I really think Windows Phone's interface lends itself to big screens in a way that's more effective, and frankly more attractive, than Android's approach. And I'm looking forward to trying it out in the real world, hopefully alongside a proper Nokia tablet.
About
Our Story
We love our tablets and smartphones! They are our everyday tools for taking notes, sketching ideas, and even drawing works of art. In short, they have replaced the paper, but not yet the pen.
Numerous stylus pens have been introduced to the market and have fallen short of user expectations. The traditional stylus has a mushy rubber nub that too easily pops off, functions inaccurately due to the tip size, and is simply not designed well enough to draw or write with.
Simply put, there has yet to be a breakthrough solution...until now.
Meet DotPen
At 143 mm long, DotPen feels like a real pen and features a unique 1.9mm Active-Quill tip producing amazing fluid pin-point writing accuracy. Powered by a single AAA battery (not included), DotPen provides up to 12 hours of continuous latency-free drawing and writing use.
Works with virtually any device : DotPen has been tested with a wide range of tablets and smartphones. Powered by "MagicTouch" technology, DotPen does not rely on special pre-installed software or specific apps. With a touch of a button, DotPen instantly activates to work across any device using capacitive touch.
Works with the top apps : DotPen works independently of special software or special settings in apps. So it virtually works with any app, including popular apps such as Adobe Photoshop Touch, Evernote, ProCreate, and many more.
1.9mm Active-Quill : Many capacitive touch pens have cheap rubber tips that easily fall off and feel mushy and sluggish. DotPen introduces a unique Active-Quill writing tip. Crafted from a durable thermoplastic, the Active Quill tip has an extremely low coefficient of friction which glides effortlessly over glass displays with zero latency. This precision fine point tip feels remarkably like a real pen and provides stunning clarity of resolution for both drawing and writing.
Precision Jeweler Quality : DotPen is made of precision CNC machined anodized aluminum alloy with a durable soft-touch rubber writing grip. Built to last and built for effortless writing and sketching.
Why we need your help
It has been a long road to perfect DotPen. After many iterations, DotPen is now fully designed, completely functional, and ready for mass production. However, we need your support to help us cover the cost of the initial minimum order quantity to begin production.
Timeline
Additional Videos
Taking notes with DotPen: http://youtu.be/AiZfz1cSsfI
DotPen in action with ZoomNotes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gawmCtC54y8
Bad workplace accidents are real, but perhaps not as common as WorkSafe adverts will have led people to believe.
Government safety agency WorkSafe NZ has taken television advertisements off-air after the Advertising Standards Authority ruled they exaggerated the impact of workplace accidents.
The ASA said the adverts, which were designed to draw attention to the impact of workplace accidents on families, were misleading.
The embarrassing admonishment stemmed from WorkSafe's claim that more than 23,000 people were severely injured or killed in New Zealand workplaces last year.
WorkSafe New Zealand / YouTube WorkSafe NZ may have shot itself in foot with TV advert campaign that has been judged misleadling.
WorkSafe explained – but not in the broadcasts – that the injuries were ones that required people to have more than a week off work.
READ MORE:
* Worksafe NZ television advert claims 'grossly exaggerated' says consultant
* Complaint hinged on whether week off work equals a 'severe' injury
WorkSafe NZ chief executive Gordon MacDonald said the government agency made no apology for "challenging New Zealand to do better when it comes to keeping everyone healthy and safe at work". But its advertisements, which were part funded by ACC, would be "temporarily withdrawn" and edited before being put back on air.
The ASA said most of the 23,000 injuries referred to by WorkSafe in the adverts were strains or cuts, while there were 44 deaths.
Describing those injuries as "severe" created a misleading impression, the ASA said, especially given the "tone and emotive imagery" of the advertisements which included footage of workers returning from work and hugging their children.
The ASA had originally ruled in favour of WorkSafe in April, but reversed its decision on appeal.
Wellington economist Ian Harrison, who brought the original complaint, said WorkSafe had been clipped around the ears and they expected it would be "spewing".
They had taken issue with the adverts because of a matter of principle, they said.
"People can advocate for what they like, but being clear about facts is absolutely essential for government departments. They shouldn't play fast and loose."
MacDonald said the complaint about the adverts had been a distraction.
"The changes to the ad will not alter the power of its message ... and if minor changes to the ad can make our message clearer, all the better," they said.
WorkSafe persuaded several chief executives to participate in the "Home Time" campaign, which originally aired earlier this year but which have been rebroadcast during the past week.
The claim that generated the most controversy was read out by Griffin's Foods chief executive, Alison Barrass, who has since been appointed a director of Spark.
Another – read out by farmer Sir David Fagan – that New Zealand's workplace death and severe injury rate was double that of Australia was also misleading, the ASA said.
Harrison said that while the death rate was 60 per cent higher in New Zealand last year, that reflected the fact that its labour force was more heavily concentrated in hazardous occupations, and the injury rate was not higher.
The Commercial Approvals Bureau, set up by media companies to vet television advertisements, stood up for the WorkSafe adverts.
It told the ASA that "the goal of reducing the number of serious injuries and deaths in New Zealand is a justifiable reason to play on fear".
Harrison said they disagreed with that view.
Depo-Provera
Injection for Birth Control
Women who are looking for a long-term, highly effective method of birth control may want to use Depo-Provera, also known as DMPA or "the shot". Depo-Provera is a type of hormonal birth control that only needs to be administered four times a year.
Getting the Shot
Depo-Provera is a progestin injection that a doctor gives you every three months. Like the mini-pill and Norplant, this injection works to suppress ovulation, may thicken cervical mucus to create a hostile environment for sperm, and thins the uterine lining to make implantation of a fertilized egg difficult.
Each injection offers protection from pregnancy for 12 weeks. Because Depo-Provera can have detrimental effects on a fetus, you can only receive your first shot during the first five days of a normal menstrual cycle; during the first five days postpartum if you are not breastfeeding or after six weeks postpartum if you are breastfeeding. The injection is usually administered to the buttocks or the upper arm.
Many women prefer Depo-Provera because they do not have to worry about taking a pill every day. Women who are breastfeeding can use Depo-Provera but only after the sixth week postpartum. Additionally, Depo-Provera offers some protection against endometrial cancer. However, it offers no protection against sexually transmitted diseases.
Side Effects
Unlike the birth control pill, which provides women with a small dose of hormones on a daily basis, Depo-Provera gives women a large dose of progestin at one time. As a result, side effects of this type of contraceptive tend to be more pronounced.
One of the most common side effects of Depo-Provera is the absence of menstruation during the first year of use, which affects a quarter to half of all users. About 30% of users will continue to have regular periods (which suggests that ovulation is continuing) while the remainder of women on Depo-Provera are likely to experience irregular periods. Other side effects include:
Change in menstruation (may be lighter or heavier; shorter or longer)
Increase in spotting and breakthrough bleeding
Weight gain
Dizziness
Nervousness
Change in libido
Headaches
Rash or skin discoloration
Breast tenderness
Depression
Increase or decrease in facial and body hair
Hair loss
Unfortunately, little can be done about these side effects until the hormones from the shot wear off, which can take up to 14 weeks. It is also interesting to note that, because Depo-Provera tends to suppress the production of testosterone in men, male prisoners used to receive Depo-Provera shots in order to suppress their sexual drive and help make them more docile.
Use of Depo-Provera has also been shown to cause a decrease in bone mass. This is most noticeable during the first year of use and is of particular concern for teens. The long term effects of this is unknown and may put users at an increased risk of osteoporosis.
Complications
Although they are rare, there are some serious health complications that can occur with the use of Depo-Provera. Users may have a slightly increased risk of breast cancer and cervical cancer, but study results have been conflicting. Other possible complications include jaundice, blood clots, severe allergic reaction and infertility.
Effectiveness
Depo-Provera is one of the most effective forms of hormonal birth control. On average, the failure rate is only 0.5%. However, the progestin contained within Depo-Provera has been shown to cause fetal defects. Additionally, women who become pregnant while taking Depo-Provera have higher neonatal and infant mortality rates.
Women who are hoping to become pregnant within the next year should not begin taking Depo-Provera. It can take as much as a year before your menstrual system returns to normal after discontinuing the shot.
Image caption Caucasian Heritage Night is listed under promotions and events
A minor league baseball team in Utah has cancelled plans to host a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in August, according to the team's website.
"Caucasian Heritage Night: Irish, Italian, Scandinavian, German --- or even Utahn! Whatever your background, celebrate it at the Home of the Owlz!" a calendar entry reads.
Other promotions included "Christmas in August" and "Throwback Night".
The team is associated with the Angels, a major league team in California.
"Our goal in this promotion, like any of our promotions, is to have fun and make fun of everyday normalcies," the team said.
"Our night was to include wonder bread on burgers with mayonnaise, clips from shows like Friends and Seinfeld and trying to solve the vertical leaping challenge.
"We understand, in light of recent tragic events, that our intentions have been misconstrued. For that, we sincerely apologise."
On Wednesday night, nine people were shot dead in an African-American church in South Carolina in what police termed a hate crime.
The Owlz are a rookie-league team - the most entry level division of the minor leagues. The league is designed for new players hone their skills.
On Friday, "Caucasian Heritage Night" quickly became a top trending term on Twitter in the US.
My Bobby kick continues! It's funny to me because Stranger isn't one of those songs I typically go out of my way to listen to, but when trying to figure out what today's song would be it just popped out to me. When I think of Bobby tunes Stranger and I Need A Miracle are two that rarely appear at the forefront of my mind. I'd have to say that of the two I like Feel Like A Stranger better, but that's just me.
This show took place on Bobby's 42nd birthday so that may explain some of the extra oomph! this evening. That, and from what I understand, NYC area Dead shows had an energy all their own. There are a lot of gems on Nightfall of Diamonds!
This version of Feel Like A Stranger starts off with Jerry and Brent leading the way. Brent's using that synth sound again. I'm still not sure what I think about it, but I do know that I prefer the runs they make on the regular keyboard much more. I want to say Jerry is using their envelope filter for that thwacking sound. Stranger is one of the songs that seems like it was almost always delivered with a lot of energy, and that is certainly the case here. Bobby's “let's get on with the show” line evokes a cheer from the crowd of NY Deadheads. Garcia searches for the right notes in a jammed out chorus and Phil just keeps moving. Always moving. Forward. Furthur.
Jerry and Brent add backing vocals throughout and Bobby even seems to cede the lead vocals to Brent so they can add their own ad libbed response to Brent's call. Jerry and Phil dance around each other in the solo that follows. Phil covers the fretboard like a jazz player here. Around 5:30 Brent starts to assert themselves as well, before giving the spotlike back to Jerry. Bobby throws out some interesting rhythm parts, as is their wont, as well. Finally Jerry tags the main melody line and the rest of the band falls in line. A final flurry of notes precedes the final three staccato hits to end the tune.
Complete Setlist 10/16/89
The USA Liberty Act fails to safeguard whistleblowers—both as federal employees and contractors—because of a total lack of protection from criminal prosecution. These shortcomings—which exist in other whistleblower protection laws—shine a light on much-needed Espionage Act reform, a law that has been used to stifle anti-war speech and punish political dissent.
Inside the recent House bill, which seeks reauthorization for a massive government surveillance tool, authors have extended whistleblower protections to contract employees, a group that, today, has no such protection.
The Liberty Act attempts to bring parity between intelligence community employees and contract employees by amending Section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947.
According to the act, employees for the CIA, NSA, Defense Intelligence Agency, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and National Reconnaissance Office are protected from certain types of employer retaliation when reporting evidence of “a violation of any federal law, rule, or regulation,” or “mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety.” Employees working at agencies the President deems have a “primary function” of conducting foreign intelligence or counterintelligence are also covered by these protections.
Employees can't be fired. Employees can't be demoted. They can't receive lower pay or benefits or be reassigned. And no “personnel actions” whatsoever can be ordered, actually, meaning no promotions or raises.
But employees are only protected from retaliation in the workplace. Entirely missing from Section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 are protections from criminal prosecution. That's because the government treats whistleblowers differently from what they call leakers. According to the federal laws, government employees who make protected disclosures to approved government officials are whistleblowers, and they have protections; employees who deliver confidential information to newspapers are leakers. Leakers do not have protections.
Extending these whistleblower protections to contractors—while positive—is just an extension of the incomplete protections our federal employees currently receive. And, as written, the Liberty Act only protects contract employees from retaliation made by the government agency they contract with, not their direct employer. Contract employees work directly for private companies—like Lockheed Martin—that have contracts with the federal government for specific projects. The available data is unclear, but a 2010 investigation by The Washington Post revealed that “1,931 private companies work on programs related to counterterrorism, homeland security and intelligence in about 10,000 locations across the United States.”
The problems continue. Currently, the Liberty Act, and Section 1104, do not specify how whistleblower protection is enforced.
Let's say a contractor with Booz Allen Hamilton—the same contracting agency Edward Snowden briefly worked for when they confirmed widespread government surveillance to The Guardian in 2013—believes they have found evidence of an abuse of authority. According to the Liberty Act, they can present that evidence to a select number of individuals, which includes Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, Acting Inspector General of the Intelligence Community Wayne Stone, and any of the combined 38 members of the House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. And, according to the Liberty Act, they will be protected from agency employer retaliation.
Maybe.
If the NSA still does fire the contractor, the Liberty Act does not explain how the contractor can fight back. There is no mention of appeals. There are no instructions for filing complaints. The bill—and the original National Security Act of 1947—has no bite.
The Liberty Act makes a good show of extending whistleblower protections to a separate—and steadily growing—class of employee. But the protections themselves are lacking. Contractors who offer confidential information to the press—like Reality Winner, who allegedly sent classified information to The Intercept—are still vulnerable under a World War I era law called The Espionage Act.
As we wrote, the Espionage Act has a history mired in xenophobia, with an ever-changing set of justifications for its use. University of Texas School of Law professor Stephen Vladeck lambasted the law in a 2016 opinion piece for The New York Daily News:
“Among many other shortcomings, the Espionage Act's vague provisions fail to differentiate between classical spying, leaking, and whistleblowing; are hopelessly overbroad in some of the conduct they prohibit (such as reading a newspaper story about leaked classified information); and fail to prohibit a fair amount of conduct that reasonable people might conclude should be illegal, such as discussing classified information in unclassified settings.”
Whistleblower protections, present in the National Security Act of 1947 and extended in the Liberty Act, are weakened by the U.S. government's broad interpretation of the Espionage Act. Though the law was intended to stop spies and potential state sabotage, it has been used to buttress McCarthyism and to sentence a former Presidential candidate to 10 years in prison. Today, it is used to charge individuals who bring confidential information to newspapers and publishing platforms.
Whistleblower protections to the entire intelligence community are lacking. Instead of treating contractors the same, contractors should—together with employees—be treated better.
Improve whistleblower protections. Reform the Espionage Act.
Arianespace continues to confirm its operational and commercial leadership in the launch services market. In 2016 it will be working closely with partners to accelerate the reorganization of the European launcher industry.
2015: from success to success
12 launches, all successful: Arianespace meets objective and sets new record for its launcher family from the Guiana Space Center
Arianespace set a new record in 2015 for its family of launchers operating from the Guiana Space Center (CSG) in French Guiana, with 12 successful launches in 12 months.
Arianespace carried out six Ariane 5 launches, along with three by Soyuz and three by Vega – a three-fold increase for the latter over the previous year. These results clearly proved the effectiveness of the efforts made to improve launch scheduling at CSG for greater flexibility and availability.
Based on this operational track record, Arianespace should boost sales to more than 1.4 billion euros in 2015, the highest total in its history.
An all-time high backlog
Arianespace won contracts for 33 new launches in 2015:
8 Ariane 5 launches for 14 geostationary satellites (GEO), including two government satellites (Eumetsat), with more than half of these contracts open to competition, and one special contract for the launch of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) on behalf of ESA, within the scope of collaboration with NASA,
21 Soyuz launches for the OneWeb constellation and another launch for four additional satellites in the O3b constellation,
3 Vega launches, including one shared launch carrying the PeruSat-1 satellite and Skysat satellites for Google/Skybox Imaging.
Contracts signed in 2015 14 GEO satellites for Ariane 5: ARSAT 3 (Arsat), Azerspace-2/IS 38 (Azercosmos), BSAT-4a (BSAT), EDRS-C/Hylas 3 (Airbus DS/Avanti Communications), Geo-Kompsat-2A (KARI), Geo-Kompsat-2B (KARI), GSAT 17 (ISRO), GSAT 18 (ISRO), Hellas-Sat-4 (Arabsat), MTG-S 1 (Eumetsat), MTG-I 1 (Eumetsat), SES-12 and SES-15 (SES), 1 undisclosed satellite.
1 non-GEO contract for Ariane 5: James Webb Space Telescope/JWST (ESA).
3 Vega launches: Falcon Eye 1 (UAE Armed Forces), Falcon Eye 2 (UAE Armed Forces), and PeruSat-1/SkySat (Peru/Skybox Imaging).
21 Soyuz launches for the OneWeb constellation + 1 Soyuz launch for O3b (4 satellites).
Arianespace booked orders in 2015 worth 2.5 billion euros, including 35% for geostationary satellites to be launched by Ariane 5 and 65% for non-geostationary satellites to be launched by the three launchers in the family.
This dynamic business performance boosts Arianespace's order backlog to over 5.3 billion euros, split equally between geostationary and non-geostationary launches. The total of 58 launches includes:
24 by Ariane 5,
25 by Soyuz,
9 by Vega.
Arianespace reaffirms ambitious goals in 2016: “Mission to Success”
Two new contracts to start the year
Arianespace is announcing two new launch service contracts to start the year: one with Thales Alenia Space and Airbus Defence & Space for two COMSAT NG satellites on behalf of the French defense procurement agency DGA, to be launched by Ariane 5; and the other with French space agency CNES for CERES satellites, to be launched by Vega for CNES and DGA.
Arianespace's goal in 2016 is to perform up to eight Ariane 5, one Soyuz and two Vega launches.
The Ariane 5 heavy launcher will carry out up to eight launches in 2016. Two of these are single launches, carrying only one satellite: the first on January 27 for the operator Intelsat and the other in early March for Eutelsat.
For the first time, an Ariane 5 ES will be used to orbit four Galileo satellites. The previous satellites in the European Commission's satellite navigation system were launched by Soyuz.
The Soyuz launcher will also orbit the Sentinel-1B satellite for ESA and the European Commission, as part of Europe's Copernicus program. On the same mission, Soyuz will carry the Microscope payload for French space agency CNES, and two microsats for ESA and Norway.
Vega will perform its first mission with a purely commercial payload in the summer of 2016, orbiting Skysat satellites for Skybox imaging. A second Vega mission at the end of the year will orbit an Earth observation satellite for Turkey, Göktürk-1A.
A decisive year for the reorganization of the European launcher industry
Arianespace will continue its full-fledged commitment to the reorganization of the European launcher industry in 2016 to ensure the satisfaction of its customers. This year should see the following milestones:
Deployment of a new internal organization, designed to bolster project management within Arianespace, plus new corporate governance resulting from changes in its shareholding structure,
Continued implementation of the competitiveness plan launched in 2014 in conjunction with all partners,
Definition of the operating principles for Ariane 6 and Vega C in conjunction with our partners ESA, CNES, Airbus Safran Launchers (ASL) and AVIO/ELV.
During an international press conference in Paris, Arianespace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stéphane Israël said: “Arianespace is very proud of the operational and business results achieved in 2015 by our highly professional and resolutely customer-centric staff. We set new records in 2015, with 12 launches by the Arianespace family from the Guiana Space Center, sales exceeding 1.4 billion euros and orders booked worth 2.5 billion euros.
“These successes encourage us to go even further in 2016 to guarantee independent access to space for Europe, consolidate our leadership in the commercial launch market and work with our partners to gear up for the first launch of Vega C in 2018, then Ariane 6 in 2020.”
About Arianespace
Arianespace is the world's leading satellite launch company. Founded in 1980, Arianespace deploys a family of three launchers, Ariane, Soyuz and Vega, to meet the needs of both commercial and government customers, and has performed over 270 launches to date. Backed by its 20 shareholders and the European Space Agency, Arianespace is the only company in the world capable of launching all types of payloads into all orbits, from the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana. As of January 5, 2015, Arianespace had carried out 227 Ariane launches, 39 Soyuz launches (13 at the Guiana Space Center and 26 from the Baikonur Cosmodrome, via Starsem) and six Vega launches. Arianespace is headquartered in Evry, near Paris, and has a facility at the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana, plus local offices in Washington D.C., Tokyo and Singapore.
Visitation for Christian Faith Benge will be held Tuesday, October 21, from 5-8 p.m. at the Brown Dawson Flick Funeral Home on Millville Ave. in Hamilton. Funeral service will be held at the same location Wednesday, October 22 at 10 a.m. Burial will follow at Rose Hill Burial Park.
FIRST REPORT 10/20/2014:
Christian Faith Benge's love of God and strong faith are what their family says they will remember most about the 16-year-old who died from a medical condition after visiting the Land of Illusion attraction Friday night.
Benge, a sophomore at New Miami High School, was transported to Atrium Medical Center after collapsing inside one of the haunted houses at Land of Illusion in Madison Twp., officials said. They died at the hospital from a medical condition, according to the Warren County Coroner's Office. An autopsy is underway, said Doyle Burke, deputy coroner.
“She got halfway through and just collapsed,” their grandmother Betty Benge said. “She was almost through it.” Christian was at the attraction with about 100 friends and family members, according to their mother, Jean Benge.
Medical officials told the family part of their heart was enlarged four times its size. “They said they were like a time bomb,” Betty Benge said.
Jean Benge told the Journal-News that their daughter was born with congenital diaphragmatic hernia, which prevents the lungs from developing normally.
“The heart had to compensate for the lung … it just stopped,” they said.
Jean said their “mother instinct” kicked in as they performed CPR on their daughter.
“I did CPR until the paramedics arrived. And I trust God. They have the ultimate plan,” they said as they talked to reporters at Full Gospel Church, 2117 Eaton Road. “She's better off than we are … because of their faith in Christ I know she's home.”
There was no injury-causing accident that happened at the haunted park, owner Brett Oakley said.
“It was a very unfortunate situation,” Oakley said.
Christian was an active member of Full Gospel Church, where they sang in the choir, according to their family.
“Those memories of them up here singing and pouring out their heart to everyone is the fondest memory I have of her,” said Christian's aunt Julene Adams.
Grandparents described Christian as a kind, gentle, lovable person.
“You couldn't find a better kid than they are,” said their grandfather Ernest Benge, pastor at Full Gospel Church for more than 30 years.
“We don't understand it, but you just survive it,” they said. “She was one of the kids you never have to correct.”
Christian was born with a very low chance of living, according to their grandfather. They sometimes had breathing problems, they said.
“I just wish there were more giving and more loving like they lived their life. She's always been a kid that never complained, even through all the operations they went through,” they said.
Staff writer Lot Tan contributed to this report.
Over the past few decades, doctors have arrived at a counterintuitive hypothesis about our modern, ultra-sanitized world. Too much cleanliness may be causing us to develop allergies, asthma, inflammatory bowel diseases, and other autoimmune disorders.
The idea is that for many children in the wealthy world, a lack of exposure to bacteria, viruses, and allergens prevents the normal development of the immune system, ultimately increasing the chance of disorders within this system down the road. This is called the hygiene hypothesis.
a lack of exposure to bacteria, viruses, and allergens may prevent the normal development of the immune system
"A child's immune system needs education, just like any other growing organ in the human body," says Erika von Mutius, a pediatric allergist at the University of Munich and one of the first doctors to research the idea. "The hygiene hypothesis suggests that early life exposure to microbes helps in the education of an infant's developing immune system." Without this education, your immune system may be more prone to attacking the wrong target — in the case of autoimmune diseases, yourself.
It's still a matter of active debate among scientists, but evidence for the idea has been slowly accumulating over time, both in humans and animal subjects. It's been cited as an explanation for why allergy and asthma rates are so much higher in wealthy countries, and most recently, a study published last year found that babies who grow up in houses with higher levels of certain bacteria — carried on cockroach, mouse, and cat dander — are less likely to develop wheezing and asthma by the age of three.
(However, it's important to note that despite the claims of some anti-vaccine activists, there's absolutely no evidence that not getting vaccinated has similar benefits.)
How could this kind of filth possibly make us healthier? Here's an explanation of the hygiene hypothesis.
How doctors got the idea that dirt could make us healthy
Obviously, the basic sanitary practices we've developed as a society over the past few centuries — such as building infrastructure to remove garbage and sewage from cities — have provided all sorts of benefits. They're a huge part of the reason so few Americans get infectious diseases like cholera or typhoid nowadays.
asthma, hay fever, and other allergies have become much more common as we've become more sanitary
But researchers have found that a few specific autoimmune diseases — asthma, hay fever, inflammatory bowel diseases, and various allergies — have become much more common as we've become more sanitary, and are much more prevalent in the wealthy world than the developing one.
In the late 1980s, when studying childhood allergies in East and West Germany, British epidemiologist David Strachan began to suspect there was a connection. In the dirtier, more polluted, less wealthy cities of East Germany, they found, children had much lower rates of hay fever and asthma than in the cleaner, richer cities of West Germany.
To explain this, they looked at all sorts of lifestyle differences — and found that West German children were much less likely to spend time in day care centers, around other kids, than East German children. They proposed that their reduced exposure to bacteria and other antigens, normally acquired from other children, somehow affected their immune systems, leading to their increased chance of developing the autoimmune diseases.
The evidence for the hygiene hypothesis
In the decades since, all sorts of epidemiological evidence has been collected that supports Strachan's idea. They initially found that in Britain, children who grew up in larger families also had lower chances of developing asthma and hay fever, presumably because they were exposed to more bacteria from their siblings.
Other doctors have found that, on the whole, people in wealthy, more heavily sanitized nations have much higher rates of asthma and allergies than those in the developing world. This could be a function of natural variations among the populations, but more recently, doctors have found that people who move from a developing country to a wealthier one have a higher chance of developing these diseases than people who stay in their country of origin.
kids who grow up on farms or have pets have lower rates of allergies and asthma
Even within a developing country like Ghana, wealthy urban children have higher rates of these autoimmune diseases than poorer or rural children. In the wealthy world, adults who clean their houses with antibacterial sprays have higher asthma rates, and people who are more often exposed to triclosan (the active ingredient in antibacterial soap) have higher rates of allergies and hay fever. Kids who grow up on farms or have pets, meanwhile, have lower rates of allergies and asthma.
These are all correlations — not causations — but they suggest that something about the relatively clean, modern urban environment makes these autoimmune diseases more likely to develop. And the handful of controlled studies conducted on the topic have provided further support — such as one, conducted recently in Uganda, in which babies born to mothers who were given drugs to treat parasitic worm infections during pregnancy ended up having higher rates of eczema and asthma.
Controlled studies with animals have also provided compelling evidence for the idea. "In experimental studies with germ-free mice raised in a sterile environment, researchers have found they're extremely prone to developing colitis and asthma, among many other problems," von Mutius says. But interestingly, if during childhood, these ultra-sanitized mice are inoculated with the stomach bacteria present in normal mice, they no longer have an increased autoimmune disease risk. Somehow, not being exposed to bacteria during childhood seems to increase the risk of autoimmune diseases, for both mice and humans.
How bacteria might prevent disease
Increased evidence for the hygiene hypothesis has come as scientists in general have awakened to the importance of "good" bacteria in our bodies in general. The particular species living inside your body — collectively called the microbiome — may be involved in preventing obesity, diabetes, and perhaps even depression.
Scientists have proposed several different mechanisms for how limited exposure to bacteria could lead autoimmune disorders to develop in particular. The most likely one, at the moment, involves specialized cells that are part of your immune system called T cells.
without being exposed to enough bacteria, our immune systems may not be able to learn to properly recognize harmful invaders
As part of the same mouse experiments, scientists found that the bacteria-free mice had exceptionally high numbers of these cells present in their stomachs and lungs. Normally, T cells serve a number of roles in the immune system — among other things, they recognize and eliminate harmful viruses and bacteria — but in some cases, certain types of T cells have previously been found to play a role in the development of colitis and asthma in mice. That seemed to be the case in the disease-stricken, ultra-clean mice as well — because when the scientists dosed them with a chemical that deactivated these T cells, they no longer developed the autoimmune diseases at such high rates.
If the same mechanism exists in humans, it would help explain all these epidemiological findings about autoimmune diseases — and strongly support the hygiene hypothesis.
But why would abnormal T cell behavior occur in the absence of bacteria? One theory, called the "Old Friends" hypothesis, is that our immune systems as a whole evolved in the presence of bacteria, viruses, and small animals that naturally inhabit our bodies.
We still don't fully understand how the immune system develops as we grow up, but the idea is that this exposure is actually necessary for it to develop properly. Without being regularly exposed to bacteria, it can't learn to properly recognize the few harmful invaders that need to be eliminated. As a result, autoimmune diseases — in which the immune system erroneously turns on our own bodies, effectively attacking ourselves — become more common.
But there's still some disagreement among scientists
At the moment, the hygiene hypothesis is still a hypothesis: a working theory, subject to change.
One major caveat is that no scientists believe it can account for all cases of allergies and asthma. Autoimmune disorders have a clear genetic component, so interactions between a person's environment and genes contribute to rates of autoimmune diseases.
no scientists believe this can account for all cases of allergies and asthma
Additionally, there are some who believe that the theory can explain increases in some sorts of allergies, but not asthma, partly because asthma rates in the wealthy world didn't begin increasing until the 1980s, decades after present-day levels of sanitation were largely established. It's possible that there are varieties of asthma triggered by allergic reactions, and other types that aren't — and are actually exacerbated by exposure to dust and other less sanitary conditions.
Even regarding allergies, there are all sorts of other epidemiological questions that can't be answered by the hygiene hypothesis — such as why, in some European cities, the children of migrants from other countries have lower rates of allergies than other children, even though they basically live in the same conditions. Clearly, we're still in the early stages of understanding the development of the immune system, and don't fully know how bacteria exposure affects it.
Perhaps most importantly, all scientists agree that basic sanitary practices have brought us enormous benefits: they've saved millions of lives by cutting down on all sorts of infectious diseases, and are probably the most important health advances we've made as a species so far.
So the key is using research to figure out the proper balance of sanitation and bacteria exposure, in order to limit the spread of infectious diseases without prompting increases in autoimmune disorders.
So what does this mean for you?
None of this means that you should stop cleaning your house or washing yourself, or begin drinking potentially sewage-contaminated water.
none of this means you should stop cleaning your house or washing yourself
For one, most of these findings involve bacteria exposure during childhood — not for adults. Additionally, most of the reduction in bacteria exposure we have in modern society comes from broader trends (like antibiotic overuse and sewage treatment plants) rather than personal choices.
So, at the moment, the practical applications of this research on a personal level are relatively limited. It might make you think twice before having your kid use antibiotic soap (which you really shouldn't be using anyway). More importantly, it provides some evidence that vaginal births and breastfeeding are important for the development of a healthy microbiome in infants.
But what's more important is how the hygiene hypothesis will guide doctors' thinking about the growth of autoimmune diseases. In the future, if scientists are able to better understand the mechanisms of the hygiene hypothesis at the cellular level, we might be able to figure out how to balance basic sanitation with bacteria exposure — and the right kind of exposure to prevent allergies, inflammatory bowel diseases, and asthma from developing.
Further reading
Portland officials estimate that more than 100 asylum seekers may be cut off from the state's General Assistance program after July 1 and question whether the city can step in to help without violating federal law.
Immigrants who have come to the United States legally to seek asylum from persecution have long received General Assistance in Portland. But it wasn't until 2015 that assistance was solidified in Maine law. However, under the new law, asylum seekers can only receive benefits for 24 months. That means some asylum seekers will become ineligible for state assistance during the fiscal year that begins July 1.
Portland officials say that as many as 180 asylum seekers could lose aid over the coming year.
Leopold Ndayisabye said cutting off asylum seekers from the statewide vouchers for food and shelter would be a “catastrophe” that would put families with children onto the streets. Ndayisabye fled Rwanda in 2011 in fear for their life after being persecuted and tortured, leaving their wife and kids behind. They relied on General Assistance for about eight months to meet their basic needs for food and shelter, while they went through the long and complicated asylum process.
Since being granted asylum, the 47-year-old has been reunited with their family, earned their master's degree, and has been working for the last five years as a caseworker at Preble Street, a Portland nonprofit that operates a soup kitchen and day shelter for the homeless.
“The amount (of) GA spent on me, people should not see that as wasting money … it's an investment,” Ndayisabye said, estimating they received $8,000 in assistance. “Now, I'm just like every other citizen in this country. I pay my taxes. I rent my apartment. And I'm so happy to be a part of this economy and social life in Maine, especially Portland, where I work.”
Of the 265 people who were receiving aid when the law took effect on July 1, 2015, only 85 have been able to find work and no longer need help. Early estimates indicate that it would cost nearly $950,000 in local tax dollars next year to continue providing that assistance.
“I am concerned about it,” Mayor Ethan Strimling said. “This is a draconian law that should never have been put in place. These are our most vulnerable residents and we need to help them any way we can.”
The approaching deadline comes as the debate over immigration reaches a fever pitch in the United States, with President Trump continuing to pursue a travel ban targeting six Muslim-majority nations, despite several court decisions deeming it unconstitutional. Trump also continues to advocate for building a wall on the southern border and has threatened to de-fund so-called “sanctuary cities” that refuse to help federal immigration agents identify undocumented immigrants for deportation. Portland does not identify itself as a sanctuary city, which has no legal definition, but does have a city ordinance barring police from asking about immigration status.
Gov. Paul LePage, who has been critical of immigrants who receive assistance, recently renewed their attacks on Portland, saying in January that Maine's largest city was “the leader of breaking the laws” on benefits for immigrants.
Lewiston also has a large immigrant population, but City Administrator Ed Barrett doesn't believe anyone is in danger of hitting the 24-month limit this year, although they could in 2018. Barrett said that most of that city's asylum cases receive benefits for nine months or less, while “fewer than a handful” have received General Assistance for 11 months.
“Our experience has been that the majority of clients in Lewiston apply for asylum almost immediately upon arrival and then get their work document and quickly secure employment,” they said.
As of February, Lewiston was providing General Assistance benefits to 119 asylum seekers, with only six clients having received assistance for 14 months and another six for 11 months.
Portland long has clashed with the LePage administration over providing General Assistance to asylum seekers. The dispute culminated in a Superior Court ruling in June 2015 that supported the administration's refusal to reimburse Portland for General Assistance benefits provided to asylum seekers, since Maine did not have a state law explicitly making that group eligible for public benefits. That ruling cost Portland $3 million.
Later that year, however, the Legislature enacted a bill that expanded General Assistance eligibility to any asylum seeker or immigrant “lawfully present in the United States or who is pursuing a lawful process to apply for immigration relief.” But it capped state-level benefits at 24 months.
LePage failed to veto the bill, as promised, and it became law. Now the governor is trying to eliminate the General Assistance program altogether as part of their proposed budget.
After the law took effect, the state Department of Health and Human Services developed rules that excluded some immigrants that advocates believed should have been eligible. Portland has continued to provide assistance using local property taxes to those roughly 90 people at an estimated cost of $250,000 in the current fiscal year. That cost could rise to $260,000 or more in the next budget, city officials have said.
Portland's top attorney, Danielle West-Chuhta, is researching whether the city can continue to provide that aid to people termed out of the state General Assistance program and its locally funded program without violating federal law.
West-Chuhta said in an interview that they would likely draft a memo to the council before its April 5 budget presentation from City Manager Jon Jennings.
“We're trying to figure out whether the city will have the legal authority to cover people who fall within this 24-month limit, even if the city wanted to,” Jennings said.
West-Chuhta said the federal statute seems to prevent certain groups, such as asylum seekers, from receiving “state and local public benefits,” unless a state law “affirmatively” provides that eligibility. They noted that the law passed by the Legislature in 2015 only expanded eligibility for help through General Assistance, which is a program funded through state and local resources and administered by municipalities.
“The state law does not seem to affirmatively provide for any other ‘local public benefits' (i.e., General Assistance or any other separate locally established public benefits program) for those individuals beyond that period of time,” they said in an email. “Of course … this is something that I am still researching and reviewing in more detail at this time.”
Immigrant advocates, however, believe the city could continue to provide assistance using local money, since the 24-month limit only applies to the state General Assistance program.
Maine Equal Justice Partners, a nonprofit group that advocates on behalf of low-income Mainers and helped craft the 2015 bill, is following the issue closely, Executive Director Robyn Merrill said, noting that the federal law rarely has been enforced.
“We have talked to a fair amount of people who are very anxious about what this means when they hit that limit,” Merrill said. “I'd say Portland can continue to help people outside of the General Assistance program. We would hope the city would do that. Otherwise you would have over 100 people losing food and shelter.”
The Immigrant Legal Advocacy Project, a Portland nonprofit that provides free legal services to immigrants, shares that view, Executive Director Sue Roche said.
Federal law allows non-citizens to file for asylum within one year of entering the United States, regardless of how they arrived in the country. The vast majority of asylum seekers in Maine arrive in the U.S. on student, work or visitation visas that expire within six months, meaning they have six months to complete the long and complicated asylum application before facing deportation.
Federal law also prohibits asylum seekers from receiving legal work permits for at least six months after they apply. And many asylum seekers wait years for interviews with immigration officials because of a growing national backlog.
City officials say they are aware of only two people receiving General Assistance after July 1, 2015, who have been granted asylum in the last two years. However, Aaron Geyer, Portland's General Assistance Program manager, said that the city has no way of knowing how many of the 85 people who got jobs and stopped receiving assistance were granted asylum, because they no longer report to the city.
City officials provided the Press Herald with a summary of the 180 people who could lose assistance at some point during the next fiscal year.
All but 23 of those people have federal authorization to work, the city said. Fifty of those people have not applied for benefits since Nov. 30.
However, 42 people are temporarily or permanently disabled, making it more difficult for them to find employment.
“They're not in a position to be self-sufficient because of their disability,” said David MacLean, Portland's social services director.
The city is currently helping 61 asylum seekers who have their federal work authorizations receive the education and training necessary to find employment through its HIRE, or Helping Individuals Regain Employment, program.
Launched in 2015, the HIRE program includes a caseworker dedicated to help non-citizen General Assistance applicants find resources needed for them to enter the workforce. Those deemed work-ready are referred to community organizations, such as Portland Adult Education, for English language and other classes. Those who are not are referred to other assistance programs.
City officials say 16 single parents with children who are too young to attend school also may lose assistance.
“I think we're extremely concerned,” MacLean said. “We're continually evaluating how many (people) we might be responsible for and the cost associated with those. Once we provide that information to the city manager and City Council, it's really up to them to make the decision about what we will provide moving forward for a program.”
Randy Billings can be reached at 791-6346 or at:
[email protected]
Twitter: randybillings
Comments have been turned off on this article.
Share
“This game uses every negative and demeaning stereotype that I have ever come across as a Chinese American,” they wrote. “From the names used for the characters of the game, to the types of food they cook, to the disturbing depiction of their faces, this game epitomizes racism against Asian Americans.”
Meng is now happy that the game will not be released, but in a statement on Thursday, they emphasized that it never should have been created in the first place.
“Racism must be called out, whenever and wherever we see it,” Meng said. “I want to thank everyone who joined me and spoke out against the demeaning and negative stereotypes depicted in the video game, Dirty Chinese Restaurant.
“While I'm pleased that Big-O-Trees Games has decided not to release its racist video game, it is disturbing that something like this would have progressed as far as it did. I hope this company does not live up to its name in future endeavors.”
George Lambropoulos, a self-described game developer to whom the Big-O-Tree domain is registered, told HuffPost last month that the game was “mainly satire and comedy influenced by classic politically incorrect shows such as: ‘South Park,' ‘All in the Family,' ‘Sanford & Son,' ‘Family Guy,' ‘Simpsons' and ‘Chappelle's Show.'”
Researchers have discovered another dinosaur species that had arms just like Tyrannosaurus rex, but which is not closely related to the infamous dino species. Photo by Marques/Shutterstock
CHICAGO, July 13 (UPI) -- Scientists aren't sure why Tyrannosaurus rex grew such small, stubby arms, but the short, stunted, two-clawed limbs were useful enough to evolve multiples times.
A new dinosaur species uncovered in Patagonia had similar arms and claws, despite only a distant relationship to T. rex.
Like T. rex, Gualicho shinyae was a member of the Therapoda suborder. Theropods are bird-like dinosaurs with two legs, hollow bones and feathers. It turns out, several species boasted small arms.
Because G. shinyae is part of a different arm of the family tree than T. rex, researchers know its arms evolved independently.
Specifically Gualicho shinyae is part of the Allosauridae family. It weighed roughly 1,000 pounds and looked a lot like a leggy, small-armed carnivorous dinosaur found in Africa called Deltadromeus.
"Gualicho is kind of a mosaic dinosaur, it has features that you normally see in different kinds of theropods," Peter Makovicky, curator of dinosaurs at Chicago's Field Museum, said in a news release. "It's really unusual -- it's different from the other carnivorous dinosaurs found in the same rock formation, and it doesn't fit neatly into any category."
The new species is described in the journal PLOS ONE. The dinosaur is named for Akiko Shinya, the Field Museum's chief fossil preparator.
"We found Gualicho at the very end of the expedition," Shinya said. "Pete joked, 'It's the last day, you'd better find something good!' And then I almost immediately was like, 'Pete, I found something.' I could tell right away that it was good."
The Splash Drone is a fully waterproof quad copter, packed with useful features and capable of landing and floating on water. This drone is designed for the outdoor type who uses a GoPro camera to capture their adventure on water or land.
The Splash Drone comes in two flavors, traditional remote control or app based control to unlock its autonomous features.
Standard Remote Control Version: Allows you to fly in GPS assisted mode, attitude mode, or hover over one position to capture your action. It also has return to launch location and automatically lands at the flip of a switch.
App based Control: Your Android device allows you to use the Splash Drone's autonomous features with an app that lets your fly a mission on a set path of activate the Follow Me mode.
The Splash Drone's payload release mechanism is a blast! Drop water balloons or a bottle of water to your thirsty friends across the lake. It comes equipped with an emergency flare carrying system that can be used in real life situations.
As seen on:
I have been working on drones since 2007, way before most people knew what they were. Back then I was a video producer at a TV station, but my obsession with drones lead me to a career change. Along the way I've met some incredible people. After forming a team of like-minded drone geeks, we've successfully made and brought to market our own On Screen Display (OSD), a Long Range System (LRS) and other drone accessories.
We always knew that we wanted to make a waterproof drone, but it needed to be practical and easy to fly for first time users. So with our combination of experience in both manufacturing and drone design, we started working on a concept. After tons of feedback and several iterations, the Splash Drone was born. Above all, the most difficult challenge was developing the waterproof gimbal. We started with a clear dome, but quickly realized that we needed a gimbal that could touch the water, uncovered.
After many iterations, tests and sleepless nights, we have completed the tooling, injection mold and design of all the major components.
The Splash Drone is designed for filming your aquatic adventures, without the fear of loosing your drone.
Fully integrated design
Internal 5.8ghz 600mw video transmitter
Self Tightening Carbon Fiber Props
Payload Release Mechanism
Emergency Flare Carrying System
Autonomous Flight Controller
Waterproof Gimbal
We have done the necessary work to make the Splash Drone reliable, easy and fun to film with. We have completed the injection mold, identified manufacturers that can supply the necessary part and built several prototypes that meet our quality standards.
At this point, all we need is your pledge to start manufacturing the Splash Drone. When we meet our goal, we will be able to make it available to everyone.
We are putting the future of the Splash Drone in your hands. Now it's up to you, to help make the Splash Drone a reality.
Frame features
ABS thermoplastic polymer
500mm size
External power switch
Landing gear
Top watertight gasket
Four screw hatch compartment
Motor / Electronics
Brushless 650kv motors (CE & RoHS)
40amp ESCs
all in one Power Distribution Board
Propellers
Carbon Fiber Construction
12 inch (1243)
Self Tightening
Video Transmitter
5.8ghz 600mw - 32 channels
Integrated Cloverleaf antenna
We've been working on improving the current manufacturing process to make it faster and more efficient. We've already completed most of the prototyping and have done intensive testing of the mold and all the components. The injection mold took 3 months to complete and it's now ready for production.
We've tested several camera gimbal configurations and are working on testing the latest prototype in fresh and salt water. The major challenges were waterproofing the giro stabilization board and the signal cables. We used the same concept as the GoPro dive box and are now testing it for endurance.
We use Open Source Hardware by 3DR.
FAQ:
Can I control the Splash Drone with an iPhone or iPad?
Yes, the Splash Drone can be controlled with the iDroneLink.
Link to the iOS app Here
Like quarterbacks in our league so often do, Kirk Cousins went from favored curiosity to unappreciated starter to liquid-hot commodity, all in the span of about three months.
He's got a catch phrase, which, after Sunday's 300-plus, four-touchdown performance, they opted not to use, and said that it needs to be deployed tastefully (Thank you, Kirk).
And now they have a groundswell of stories about their future in Washington. Imagine that.
"Obviously, Kirk's a guy we'd like to keep around, no doubt," Jay Gruden said, via ESPN. "But that'll be up to (general manager Scot McCloughan) and Kirk's agent and Kirk."
The Washington Post pointed out on Tuesday morning that no talks have come up between Cousins and McCloughan, and that Cousins will be a free agent after March 15. There is an argument to be made that Cousins is above replacement level and, with quarterbacks at an absolute premium, they deserve a multi-year extension. There is also an argument to be made that Cousins may come cheaper during the season than they would on the open market, when crazy-desperate teams do crazy-desperate things.
This partly illustrates how insane the NFL can be. Coaches who say every game is a one-week season are actually on to something, because who could imagine clamorous talks about Cousins' contract even a month ago? A month ago, Cousins was coming off a 14-point loss to the Jets, their second straight game with double the amount of interceptions as touchdowns.
Three weeks later, he's Kirk Cousins, baby.
You like that?
According to a new survey, the majority of Danes consider Russia a threat to peace in Europe, while about half are under the impression that Russia is principally responsible for the crisis in Ukraine.
The survey, carried out by the analysis institute Wilke, showed that 59.3 percent of Danes see Russia as a threat to peace in Europe, while 49.1 percent blamed Russia for the crisis in Ukraine.
According to Jyllands-Posten newspaper, Major General Karsten Jakob Møller, a senior analyst at the Danish Institute for International Studies, said that there is a “tinge of Cold War” about the current situation in Ukraine
READ MORE: Danish F-16 jets chase Russian bombers
Political disagreement
Meanwhile, historian Bent Jensen believes that Russia is behaving like an “old-fashioned authoritarian power and not the global and ideological monster that the Soviet Union was”.
The views vary across the political spectrum, and while Radikale contended that Danes can sleep safely in their beds at night, Dansk Folkeparti and Venstre argue that Russia is a threat to be taken seriously.
“They have shown that by annexing a part of a European nation,” Jakob Ellemann-Jensen, Venstre's EU spokesperson, told Jyllands-Posten. “Concerning the rest of Europe, Russia has also shown that its dreams of former glory aren't too far off. One must react to this.”
DF spokesperson Søren Espersen added that they were pleased that Denmark has fighter jets at the ready and is prepared for a naval mobilisation with its NATO partners should it become necessary.
Winter is high time for humidifiers. Because dry air can irritate your throat. But a new study finds that arid conditions might have influenced the development of the very languages that some people speak.
"Extensive research on human physiology suggests that really dry air makes it hard for us to use our vocal cords very precisely."
Caleb Everett, an anthropological linguistics professor at the University of Miami.
They and their colleagues recently investigated that dry-throat-phenomenon in regards to complex tonal languages, like Cantonese [Cantonese language sample], where various combinations of rising and falling tones can actually change the meaning of a word—as opposed to non-tonal languages, like English or Italian. [Italian sample] In the non-tonals, the fundamental meaning is the same, whether I say "word" "word" or "word." (said with different inflections)
By mapping the distribution of more than 3,700 tonal and non-tonal languages, Everett and their colleagues found that tonal languages tend to cluster in warm, humid areas. And they're 10 times less prevalent in dry, subfreezing climes, like Siberia, compared with non-tonal languages. The study is in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. [Caleb Everett et al, Climate, vocal folds, and tonal languages: Connecting the physiological and geographic dots]
Of course, it's physically possible to speak a tonal language in a cold place. "Obviously speakers of Cantonese for instance can communicate in Siberia and other dry places." The big picture, Everett says, is that language evolves in relation to where it's spoken. "It is not impervious to the effects of environment. Just as ecologies impact human behavior and the adaptive processes of human cultures in myriad ways, they seem to also influence the ways in which languages develop."
—Christopher Intagliata
[The above text is a transcript of this podcast.]
The Maryland Terrapins may be without the team's leading receiver from last season and a major contributor on special teams for an undetermined amount of time.
Junior wide receiver Levern Jacobs and senior linebacker Alex Twine were arrested Thursday on charges of second-degree assault. The original charges stem from an April 19 incident.
“We are aware of the situation and are in the process of gathering more information” Maryland head coach Randy Edsall told the Baltimore Sun‘s Matt Zentiz. “We take these matters very seriously. We will have no further comment at this time.”
Last season, Jacobs led the team with 47 receptions for 640 yards. Although, Jacobs wasn't expected to start for the Terrapins this season due to Maryland's depth at wide receiver.
“We've got a lot of work to do at the receiver position,” Edsall told InsideMDSports.com's Josh Stirn at the start of fall camp. “We've got to step it up a bit. We're not looking for receivers that can just catch the ball around here. This isn't flag football. This isn't a 7 on 7. We've got to have complete receivers. We've got to get our receivers to do that and our receivers have got to make sure that they listen to Keenan [McCardell] and do exactly what they ask them to do. If they do that with the talent they have, they can be very good. But we're not there yet and we've got a lot of work to do.”
Jacobs current predicament will create more opportunities for their younger brother, Tavion Jacobs, who impressed the coaching staff this summer.
Twine, meanwhile, made 12 starts and played in 34 games since becoming a member of the Terrapins. Twine provides critical depth at linebacker while serving as Maryland's special teams ace.
Due to Edsall's reaction to the their arrests, both will likely face suspensions from the team.
Sun Columnist Tom McLaughlin said they told an Egyptian diplomat the Benghazi attack was planned and not a protest but that they told family members of the deceased that the attack was the result of a demonstration. They said they then told George Stephanopoulos that they didn't tell the families the attack was a demonstration about a film. "Somebody is lying," said McLaughlin."Who is it? Clinton replied, "Not me, that's all I can tell you." At the time, Clinton said, everyone was emotionally distraught. They said some families didn't know their sons were working for the CIA or were in Benghazi. Clinton said the information they had about the attack was from the intelligence community.
Staff is currently reviewing nearly 2,500 new pages of documents received from State Dept this morning, including Patrick Kennedy's emails. — Benghazi Committee (@HouseBenghazi) December 31, 2015
According to four separate family members of the Americans slain in the September 11, 2012 terrorist assault on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton privately blamed the attack on an online anti-Islam video. They did so days after they knew, according to their own words , that the deadly raid "had nothing to with the film. It was a planned attack -- not a protest." The Benghazi families' memories are consistent and specific, with one account of the interaction having been recorded in a journal at the time:Asked point blank whether these accounts are true last month, Hillary said "no," without a substantive follow-up. They doubled down when pressed further in New Hampshire over the holidays:Hillary Clinton, a confirmed liar who's deeply distrusted by voters, claims that all four of these grieving relatives aren't telling the truth about what they said to them on September 14 -- back when the White House was still peddling the video myth in public. Indeed, Hillary included a heated reference to the film in their speech at the casket ceremony that day, in the context of discussing the broader upheaval across the region. Somebody is lying. Hillary asserts that it isn't her, leaving only one, highly implausible option. They try to soften their clear implication that Tyrone Woods' father, Sam Smith's mother and uncle, and Glen Doherty's sister are liars by suggesting that perhaps they were just too "emotionally distraught" to summon accurate recollections. This is insulting. Of course they were very upset, but the idea that they all misunderstood them in the same exact way -- and that one of them took inaccurate contemporaneous notes about the interaction -- is ludicrous. The little nugget that some of them didn't know that their murdered relatives had been working on behalf of the CIA is pure, cynical misdirection; that information was classified at the time, and had zero bearing on whether they may have been confused about what they told them face-to-face at a private meeting. Lastly, Clinton's line that all of their information at the time came from the intelligence community is also flat-out wrong. The former acting director of the CIA has testified under oath that the US intelligence community never tied the Benghazi attacks to the Internet video. And former CIA director David Petraeus has stated that the US government ascertained that the Benghazi massacre was a coordinated act of terrorism "almost immediately." State Department documents and Hillary's own virtual paper trail affirm this. The Secretary of State understood the truth, with clarity. They shared it with their own daughter and with foreign diplomats, while serving up a fiction to the American people, including heartbroken family members of the deceased. I'll leave you with word of another Benghazi document dump that you may have missed on New Year's Eve:Remember, this tranche of emails was only released due to a court order (), along with thousands of additional documents Hillary Clinton's State Department never turned over to other Congressional committees that probed the terrorist attack. The Obama administration claimed that all relevant information had been provided years ago, and Democrats have assailed the current investigation as redundant and partisan -- yet the Benghazi Select Committee is just now receiving these emails from Patrick Kennedy, a high-ranking Clinton subordinate at the center of this and several other controversies. In fact, State officials are saying that are so many previously-unreleased, relevant documents in need of review that they were unable to fully comply with the federal judge's orders on time.- Benghazi committee press secretary Matt Wolking reaches out with a small but significant correction: "It is not correct that the documents we received from the State Dept on NYE were 'only released due to a court order.' The Benghazi Committee's requests for government officials' emails and documents related to Benghazi and Libya are totally separate from the FOIA lawsuits filed by journalists and others that led to the court order for Clinton's emails. While some of Clinton's Benghazi and Libya-related emails have been redacted and released by State under the FOIA ruling, they produced them to us earlier in unredacted form," they write. In other words, the latest (still incomplete) batch of Hillary's emails that were released under court order on December 31st are separate and apart from these Patrick Kennedy emails, which the committee requested. The State Department chose to hand the latter group of documents over on New Year's Eve, whereas that was the court-mandated deadline for the most recent tranche of Hillary correspondence.
On Oct. 21, 2014, the day before Michael Zehaf-Bibeau shot Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, everyone thought Liberal leader Justin Trudeau was headed for the prime minister's office.
September's compilation of opinion polls on threehundredeight.com showed Liberals with 38 per cent support, the Conservatives with 30 and the NDP with 22.
This month, that website has a three-way tie — CPC 33, NDP 31, LPC 30.
Trudeau is facing a much tougher job now than they were on Oct. 21, and that's partly because of their decision to vote for the Conservatives' anti-terrorist legislation, C-51, which gives spy the power to violate Canadians' charter rights without the kind of parliamentary oversight that all our allies have.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper introduced the bill at the end of January. Trudeau moved to support it within days.
“This bill can be improved,” they said. “But on the whole it does include measures that help keep Canadians safe.”
A few days later, NDP leader Tom Mulcair came out against it, calling it “deeply flawed” and “dangerous.”
The polls didn't start to move dramatically for the NDP until after the Alberta NDP won the election in May, but Liberal support for C-51 gave the NDP an opportunity to paint themselves as the real opposition to Harper.
Joe Comartin, the NDP MP for Windsor-Tecumseh, who is not running this fall, saw it happen in their riding, among academics and labour unions who had parked their support with the Liberals.
“C-51 made it really easy for them to choose the NDP,” they said.
Over time, polls show, opposition to the bill increased. As that happened, the NDP benefited.
Looking back, some Liberals blame the people around Trudeau, who told the caucus that the party had to support C-51.
At the time, Trudeau's team looked great. They had made a series of smart moves, acting decisively, for instance, to expel Liberal senators from the caucus. Liberal MPs had faith in “the centre,” and the centre said the party needed to support C-51.
“The view from the centre was that this is about terrorism,” said one Liberal MP, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “Post-Oct. 22, Canadians' mindsets are dramatically changed, so we're going to be where Canadians are. Turns out that's not where Canadians are.”
Another Liberal MP says Trudeau and their people felt they had no choice because a week before Zehaf-Bibeau's attack on Parliament Hill, the Liberals had announced they would oppose the Canadian mission in Iraq.
“I think the fallout from that may have been in the short run negative,” the MP said. “The feeling was we can't do this again, therefore we better support C-51, otherwise they'll use soft on national security, soft on terror against us.”
The Liberals, attempting to straddle the middle, must appeal to both Liberal-NDP switchers and Liberal-Conservative switchers, unlike their rivals.
In this case, it looks like they made bad calls. They would have been better off politically if they had supported the Iraq mission and opposed C-51.
Liberal strategists say they based their decisions on public safety, not politics. And they say that voters who want to get rid of Harper won't decide on their replacement until the campaign.
“There are two things going on — people have no attachment to party, and you have a growing and intensifying pool of change voters, and they're kicking the tires and I suspect they will until the campaign and then they'll make up their minds.”
Postmedia News
• Email: smaher@postmedia.com | Twitter: stphnmaher
Fantasy Football Wide Receiver Categories & Rankings
By Guest Writer Daniel Weiss:
Wide receiver will be extremely deep in 2013. As teams have gone to more of a passing attack and increased their three and four wide receiver sets, more receivers have produced. When it comes to your draft, I strongly suggest waiting on the prima donnas of the NFL. The league has arguably never had a more talented crop of receivers top to bottom. The difference between fourth and sixth round receivers is minimal compared to fourth and sixth running backs. Be sure to take running backs early and wait on receiver. My suggestion is to key in on receivers that could go a few rounds later and produce like top guys. With that being said, here are my top 50 wide receivers in 2013.
Tier 1: Fantasy Hall of Famers
1. Calvin Johnson, DET – In 2011, Megatron absolutely dominated fantasy football, setting career highs in receiving yards with 1,681 and touchdowns with 16. What did Johnson do for an encore? Only shatter Jerry Rice's single-season receiving yards record with 1,964. Johnson is the first receiver since Rice to lead fantasy football receivers in points back-to-back seasons and it looks like nothing short of injury will stand between Johnson making that a three-peat. Even with the ridiculous numbers they have put up over the past couple seasons, Johnson was tackled on the one-yard line just short of TD's five times last season. With that in mind, Megatron could put up even better numbers this upcoming season.
2. A.J. Green, CIN – If anyone were to challenge Megatron for the title of the best receiver in fantasy football it would be A.J. Green. Green has the total package. They have the prototypical size, speed, hands and has become an excellent route runner. Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton may hold Green back a bit with their lack of downfield arm strength but I'm not sure that necessarily matters. The Bengals do a great job of putting Green in position to make plays and that shouldn't change in 2013.
Tier 2: Fantasy All Stars
3. Brandon Marshall, CHI
4. Julio Jones, ATL – I believe this will be the year that Jones makes the big jump and becomes the number one receiver in Atlanta. He's got all the physical gifts, boasting a 6'4 frame with blazing speed and an incredible ability to get vertical and come down with the ball. If you need evidence of that look no further than this clip during warm-ups their rookie year: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uosTUGDIdx0. Jones will not see double teams like the guys will list above. There are just too many weapons surrounding them in the ATL. Look for Jones to have a monster year for the Falcons and catch around 70 balls for 1,300 yards.
5. Randall Cobb, GB – There's a reason the Packers were willing to let longtime Packers receiver Greg Jennings join the rival Vikings. Randall Cobb is that good. Drafted out of Kentucky two years ago, Cobb has already solidified their role as a do everything receiver. Although they primarily play out of the slot, the Packers will find other ways to get Cobb onto the field. Whether that means going with three-wide receiver sets or Cobb even coming out of the backfield, I expect Cobb to be the focal point in the Packers offense. Cobb will have their fair share of Lambeau Leaps this coming year.
6. Pery Harvin, SEA – Like Cobb, Harvin is another non-traditional receiver. Harvin was traded in the offseason to the Seahawks amid a contract dispute with the Vikings. I love this move for Harvin's fantasy potential. The upgrade at quarterback from Christian Ponder to Russell Wilson should see an immediate benefit for Harvin. There is little to dislike with Harvin. He's incredibly shifty and didn't drop a single ball last season. The one concern with Harvin is their struggle to stay on the field. Harvin only played nine games last season because of an ankle sprain and has also missed time due to migraines and concussions. If Harvin is able to stay on the field, the Seahawks will find ways to get them the ball and they will have a monster season in Seattle.
7. Demaryius Thomas, DEN
8. Dez Bryant, DAL
9. Roddy White, ATL
Tier 3: Studs
10. Vincent Jackson, TB
11. Andre Johnson, HOU
12. Wes Welker, DEN – After six record-breaking seasons with Tom Brady, Welker signed with Denver in the offseason to play alongside Brady's longtime rival Peyton Manning. Welker was a sure bet in the Patriots offense for 100 plus catches and around 1,200 yards. There are more questions surrounding Welker in a Broncos offense that already has two prominent receivers in Demaryius Thomas and Eric Decker. That said, I still believe Welker will put up numbers similar to those they produced in New England.
13. Larry Fitzgerald, ARI – If this were a list based on the most talented receivers, Fitzgerald would be at or near the top. He's not at the top of this list for the simple fact that the Cardinals have lacked any consistency at quarterback. The Cardinals believe they have found their answer in Carson Palmer but I am still skeptical. I still believe that new Cardinals Head Coach Bruce Arians will find ways to give Fitzgerald ample opportunities to make plays. Fitzgerald is simply too talented not to be producing. By drafting Fitzgerald, you are investing in talent to win out.
14.Victor Cruz, NYG
15. Reggie Wayne, IND
16. Danny Amendola, NE – The Patriots brought Amendola in as a viable replacement to Wes Welker. Amendola is slightly bigger and faster than Welker but obviously lacks the chemistry with Brady that made Welker and Brady one of the most tantalizing combos in NFL history. Amendola has little receiver competition, basically guaranteeing they get ten plus targets every game. Amendola has some injury concerns, only playing `12 games the past two years.
17. Hakeem Nicks, NYG
18. Pierre Garcon, WAS – When Garcon was on the field in 2012, they showed a great rapport with RGIII posting four games of over 80 yards. Garcon had a difficult time staying on the field in 2012 but says that they will be 100% by opening week 2013. Garcon provides RGIII and the Redskins a sufficient deep threat. Expect plenty more TD's between the RGIII-Garcon connection.
19. Dwayne Bowe, KC
20. Antonio Brown, PIT – With Mike Wallace out of town, Brown will move into the number one receiver duties in the Steel City. He's smaller than a traditional number one option at 5'10, 186 pounds, but is a phenomenal route runner and has a knack for finding open space in the defense.
21. Marques Colston, NO
22. Jordy Nelson, GB
Tier 4: Potential Studs
23. Mike Wallace, MIA
24. Torrey Smith, BAL – I'm higher than most on Smith. Lead dog Anquan Boldin is out of Baltimore making Smith the number one receiver. They have been up and down in their career but I expect Smith to breakout in their 3rd year, the year many receivers make a big leap.
25. Danario Alexander, SD – Since their days at Mizzou, Alexander has always shown talent but has had the worst of luck when it comes to injuries. Having already undergone five knee surgeries, Alexander joined the Chargers midway through last season and immediately became their number one receiver. In their last 9 games, Alexander averaged 11.5 fantasy points per game. If Alexander had put up numbers like that for the entire year, they would have been the sixth highest scoring receiver. If Alexander can stay healthy, and that is a big if, they will continue to produce for the Chargers and could be a later round steal.
26. Steve Smith, CAR
27. James Jones, GB
28. Eric Decker, DEN
29. Greg Jennings, MIN
Tier 5: Starters
30. Steve Johnson, BUF
31. Tavon Austin, STL – The Rams traded up to the 8th overall pick in the Draft to select Austin out of West Virginia. Austin boasts a small frame at 5'9, 174 pounds and runs a blazing 4.34 forty-yard dash. The Rams will find ways to get Austin onto the field. Whether at receiver or out of the backfield, the Rams will get the ball in Austin's hands. One concern with Austin is how their small frame will hold up for a full NFL season.
32. Cecil Shorts, JAC
33. Josh Gordon, CLE – The Browns took Gordon in the second round of the supplemental draft and they produced immediately, leading the team in receiving yards. Recently, Gordon had nothing but praise for new offensive coordinator Norv Turner who will instill more of a downfield passing game in Cleveland. This is good news for Gordon owners as they averaged 16.1 yards per catch last season.
34. TY Hilton, IND.
35. Emmanuel Sanders, PIT – With Mike Wallace leaving Pittsburgh for South Beach, Sanders becomes the number two receiver alongside Antonio Brown with the Steelers.
36. Miles Austin, DAL
37. DeSean Jackson, PHI
38. Jeremy Maclin, PHI
39. Lance Moore, NO
Tier 6: Productive Backups
40. Mike Williams, TB
41. Chris Givens, STL
42. Alshon Jeffrey, CHI
43. Sidney Rice, SEA
44.Denarius Moore, OAK
45. Vincent Brown, SD – Brown isn't a guy you should necessarily draft, but one you should certainly keep tabs on as the season unfolds. In 2011 as a rookie, Brown showed a tremendous combination of speed and athletic ability, but missed all of last season after they broke their ankle in the second preseason game. Brown is back to full health and is a guy that I believe will surprise many and become a productive fantasy receiver in 2013.
46. Aaron Dobson, NE
47. Kenny Britt, TEN
48. Justin Blackmon, JAC – Blackmon's inability to stay out of trouble has carried over from their college days at Oklahoma State to the NFL. Blackmon is suspended the first four games of the upcoming season for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
49. Anquan Boldin, SF
50. Brian Hartline, MIA
Come back next week, as I will delve into the top tight ends to draft in your fantasy draft.
A study revealing that over 800,000 non-citizens voted for Hillary Clinton doesn't account for dead and fraudulent voters, which accounted for over 25 million “registered voters” during the 2012 presidential election – and little has changed since then.
Illegal alien voters combined with dead and “multiple state” voters could easily explain Clinton's “popular vote” margin over Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election, especially considering that their “victory” came from Democratic-controlled counties known for illegal immigration and loose voter ID laws such as in New York and California.
“A report by the Pew Center on the States finds that more than 1.8 million dead people are currently registered to vote, and 24 million registrations are either invalid or inaccurate,” NPR reported in 2012, which is ironic given how NPR is heavily controlled by Democrats.
And many of the dead, registered voters somehow keep voting Democrat from beyond the grave, most recently in Philadelphia, Penn. and Colorado.
It's also worth noting that the U.S. population has increased since 2012, meaning that there's likely more dead and invalid voters than before.
“…The Pew study found that almost 3 million people are registered to vote in more than one state,” NPR added.
That's because when a new resident registers to vote in a state, officials usually never bother to tell their former state about the change in voter residency.
Under the “catch and release” immigration program by the Obama administration, illegal aliens were routinely given bus tickets to travel to other states by immigration officials, so it was theoretically possible for non-citizens to register to vote in a border country illegally, then register to vote in another state after their taxpayer-funded bus dropped them off.
Clinton won most of the 163 most populous counties in the US that account for half of the total votes in the election, including dense urban areas in New York and California, yet they only won the popular vote by 2.8 million votes, which reveals the lack of enthusiasm voters had for them in comparison to Trump – and that Democrats would have depended more on illegal votes.
A portion of the 24 million invalid voter registrations combined with a portion of the 1.8 million dead voters and the over 800,000 known illegal voters could explain the difference of 2.8 million votes, and it's worth noting that the 800,000 figures could be a low, conservative estimate.
That said, a popular vote victory is meaningless; if the president was elected by popular vote, then both Trump and Clinton would have campaigned in entirely different states because only densely population regions of the U.S. would decide who would become president.
Without the electoral college, the United States of America would be reduced to the United States of New York and California, with 48 other vassal states.
Yet notice how Clinton campaigned in other, less populated states. They knew the popular vote was meaningless ahead of the election.
However, the popular vote is useful as a barometer for voter fraud since the most populous countries are also the most susceptible to election tampering by illegal, invalid and dead voters.
The court in central Changsha on Wednesday dismissed the suit brought against the civil affairs bureau for refusing to issue a marriage license to a gay couple.
The couple's lawyer, Shi Fulong, said they aren't surprised by the decision but was taken aback by how quickly it was made.
One of the plaintiffs, 26-year-old Sun Wenlin, said they would appeal the decision.
"I hope I can pave the way as far and wide as possible so that people who want to do the same will see how much we have tried and what possibilities can there be," they told The Associated Press.
A milestone?
Hundreds of pro-LGBT rights supporters crowded in front of the court house on Wednesday. While some were allowed inside, many were turned away by officials due to lack of space.
While gay marriage is not technically illegal in China, it is generally frowned upon. However, there has been a growing awareness of the issue over the past decade. Some observers have called the case a significant milestone in the fight for equal rights for the LGBT community in China.
In 2012, a gay couple in the southeastern province of Fujian caused a stir when they were publically married and posted photos on social media (pictured above). Though not legally recognized, their marriage was generally applauded by the online community.
Also this week, another court in China is hearing the country's first transgender discrimination case of a 28-year-old transgender man claimed they were fired because of their appearance.
blc/sms (AP, dpa)
The witch-hunt of Hillary Clinton has been underway for several decades. Comparing 17th century notions of witchcraft with rightwing accusations against Clinton, Stacy Schiff rightly notes in their "New York Times" article, "[Witches] appear suspect in advance of their crimes." Susan Faludi wrote this weekend,
[Clinton] has been deranging conservatives since '92, when wounded Republican invincibility merged with wounded male prerogative... she's cast not just as a political combatant but as a demon.
It reminds me of my role in Yentl when they had to dress like a man to get an education, and they were called a demon as well.
FBI Director James Comey brazenly defied Justice Department guidelines in their cryptic letter to Congress about Hillary Clinton's emails. These emails are back as speculative sport and innuendo much to the fatigue of the American public. As Matthew Yglesias noted, "Network news has devoted more minutes of coverage to Clinton's emails than to all policy issues combined." Given the stakes of this election, this is outrageous. After an exhaustive investigation earlier this year by the FBI that turned up zero evidence of wrongdoing, Comey recommended against pursuing charges against Mrs. Clinton.
And yet this latest probe, unrelated to Mrs. Clinton, comes as proof for the rightwing to condemn their "in advance of [any] crimes," and Comey said themselves that they "cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant." Surely Comey must have known that they would influence this critical election, and tip the scales in favor of Donald Trump and Republicans running for the House and Senate. As Bill Weld, a former U.S. Attorney, Republican Governor and current Libertarian Party Vice President said, Comey's letter was "disgraceful."
Joe Conason and Gene Lyons have extensively covered the Clinton scandal machine. Lyons wrote this month,
One heavy-breathing, poorly written 'scandal' narrative after another, cobbled together in right-wing opposition research shops and spoon-fed to the news media's deepest thinkers have basically come to nothing. And it galls the hell out of them.
After $8 million tax dollars have been wasted over the Benghazi investigations, Republican Congressmen Jason Chaffetz promises years more of investigations for a President Hillary Clinton. Is this how we want to run our country? Especially since one phrase turns up over and over again when the examinations are exhausted: "There is no proof of wrongdoing." They never find anything wrong, they just keep the country from moving forward.
Individuals in the Bush White House deleted 22 million emails. Where was the FBI then? As the White House began firing the independent U.S. Attorneys, Karl Rove was deleting their emails and later held in contempt of Congress. I don't remember any nonstop press coverage at that point.
After Trump's bragging about sexual assault on an Access Hollywood video, 12 women came forward to accuse them of just that. As Keith Olbermann points out, Trump claims these women are after their money and yet none are suing him. Ironically, he's threatened to sue them all. Most horrifyingly and yet little reported in the news is a lawsuit filed by a woman charging that Trump raped them when they were just 13 years old.
In June, Lisa Bloom, of NBC News, rightly noted that this case, though it won't go to trial until after the election, should not be ignored. You can read that article, which originally ran on this site, here. We can't know if these latest charges are true, but the audio of Trump boasting of their sexual assaults came from the horse's mouth.
Trump calls women liars who come forward recounting their assaults, threatens democracy by claiming the election is rigged, says they will keep us in suspense over whether they will accept the election results -- unless they win, and encourages their supporters to intimidate voters at the polls. Meanwhile, other Republicans are desperately diverting attention away from Trump's hideous behavior, their failure to release their taxes, and the Russian's hacking of emails to throw the election to Trump.
That is why it is so important that we not let false claims distract us from the real issues. It is critical we not forget the real scandals of Donald Trump. It is crucial we not just vote for Hillary Clinton, casting aside the rightwing attempts to burn their campaign down, but also vote down ballot for Democratic representatives and senators so that they can get things done!
Updates
Update -
Black Market Auction House - BLACK_MARKET_AUCTION_HOUSE - Black Market Auction House
- BLACK_MARKET_AUCTION_HOUSE - Black Market Auction House Mounts - Great Dragon Turtle Egg
- Pets - Battle Pet Cage , Jade Owl , Sapphire Cub
- , , Scenarios added to LFD - RingOfValorScenario (Hellscream Arena), BrewmasterScenario03 (Brewmaster Scenario 03)
- RingOfValorScenario (Hellscream Arena), BrewmasterScenario03 (Brewmaster Scenario 03) Male Panda Hairstyles - Fur, Topknot, Mohawk, Topknot 2, Beaded Tail, Backbrushed, Mane & Topknot, Long Topknot, Backbrushed Topknot, Tail & Bow, Top Bun, Tall Topknot, Tuft, Top Bun Mane, Chonmage, Wrapped Topknot, Chopstick, Spiky
- Fur, Topknot, Mohawk, Topknot 2, Beaded Tail, Backbrushed, Mane & Topknot, Long Topknot, Backbrushed Topknot, Tail & Bow, Top Bun, Tall Topknot, Tuft, Top Bun Mane, Chonmage, Wrapped Topknot, Chopstick, Spiky Varian Gets Punched - Stormwind - Varian Gets Punched - Varian, Stormwind - Varian Gets Punched - Aysa, Stormwind - Varian Gets Punched - Jojo
First Mists of Pandaria Beta Patch!
Tier 14 - Paladin
Tier 14 - Warlock
Pandaren Shaman Totems
New Creature Model - Hoptallus
Vendor Filters
Character Creation Screen Update
Scarlet Monastery / Scholomance Heroic Loot List
Class Changes
Glyph Changes
- Added new Character Creation Screen ( Screenshot #1 Screenshot #2 ), Vendor Filters , and the first 2 zones of Pandaria are now open, just talk to the Portal Panda ! The Temple of the Jade Serpent is also open again.Also, Nik and Kevin will be streaming leveling and dungeons throughout the day on the MMO-Champion stream!The first beta patch is already being deployed and we have tons of changes coming for you!
The pastor of a black church in Los Angeles where Black Lives Matter activists disrupted a meeting with Mayor Eric Garcetti last week and forced them to flee is blasting the movement for “disrespect and verbal violence.”
In a Facebook post, Pastor Kelvin Sauls of the Holman United Methodist Church wrote:
To the members of BLM-LA and Allies who cussed at me in the sanctuary on Monday night during the Town Hall, I have forgiven you. Because the lives of Black people matter, your disrespect and verbal violence will not be a weapon of mass distraction to our resolve in pressing on to seek solutions for the challenges and opportunities ini [sic] our community. Facing the rising sun, we will march on until victory is won!!
The 50 or so activists interrupted the meeting, turned their backs on the mayor, rushed the podium, and jumped on their car to prevent them from leaving under police escort. Hundreds of residents who came to discuss issues in the black community with the mayor were disappointed.
One of the organizers, Dr. Melina Abdullah, a professor of Pan African Studies at Cal State L.A., defended the group's tactics in an interview with CBS Los Angeles.
“This kind of polite tactics that they're advocating, we've been doing those for two years. Every day that we spend engaging in polite conversation, we run the risk of someone else being killed by the police,” they said.
Others in the black community, however, disagreed, saying that Black Lives Matter had “disrespected” the community. L.A. County Supervisor Mark Ridely-Thomas, who is also black, told CBS Los Angeles that the group's behavior “leaves a lot to be desired.”
Pastor Sauls was upset enough that they posted an additional message to the community on Facebook on Friday evening:
Pastoral Message to Members & Friends of Holman United Methodist Church: Though disappointed & disturbed by the disrespect displayed by Black Lives Matter – Los Angeles and their allies to both our sanctuary & community at the Community Town Hall with Mayor Garcetti, we are even more determined to continue our legacy of creating and facilitating safe spaces for everyone to be able to lift voices through constructive & productive dialogue with dignity, civility and mutual respect between the South LA community & elected leaders to discuss & develop long-term strategic solutions to the challenges facing our communities. Because the lives of Black people matter, we will continue to pursue with greater resolve strategic collaborations in seeking real and relevant outcomes for the South Los Angeles community in the areas of unemployment, legislation on anti-discrimination in the workplace, homelessness, quality city services, poverty, violence within community, police brutality, innovative community policing, and adequate transportation. While non-violent civil disobedience has its place in any democracy, we will not condone, nor will we subscribe to the verbal violence and incivility that continues to disrespect and dehumanize others. Because the lives of Black people matters, we will be undeterred in the King-Parks-Lawson legacy seeking the shalom of the city towards a more just and fair society. We look forward to the next opportunity to facilitate a constructive and solutionary dialogue with the Mayor and other elected leaders. Facing the rising sun of a new day begun, we will march on until victory is won. Rev. Kelvin Sauls,
Senior Pastor
President Barack Obama endorsed the movement at a White House event on criminal justice reform last Thursday. Critics, including former Obama chief of staff Rahm Emanuel, who is now the major of Chicago, say that the movement has made police more reluctant to enforce the law in areas suffering from violent crime.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn PHOTOS | Man arrested after saving dog from hot car Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Interested in this topic? You may also want to view these photo galleries: Replay Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last SlideNext Slide
Michael Hammons used the leg of their wife's wheelchair to free a dog from a hot car in Athens, Ga. Hammons was arrested and charged with criminal trespassing for breaking the car's window. (Photo11: WXIA-TV, Atlanta)
ATHENS, Ga. — Authorities dropped charges against a veteran who broke a window to free a dog from a hot car, a prosecutor said Monday.
Michael Hammons, 46, who fought in Iraq during the first Iraq war, jumped into action May 9 when they saw a dog inside of a rapidly heating Mustang at a Athens-area shopping center. They broke the window of the car with a piece of their wife's wheelchair to free the dog.
A group of shoppers had been worried about the Yorkie mix before Hammons' action and called police. The owner, whose name was not released, said they had been gone 5 minutes.
"I knew the dog was in distress," Diane McGuire-Byard of Commerce, Ga., told the Athens (Ga.) Banner-Herald.
Afterward at the insistence of the dog's owner, Hammons was arrested for criminal trespass, sparking a debate over the need for laws protecting animals.
On Wednesday, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said it will be awarding Hammons its Compassionate Action Award. PETA officials said temperatures inside a parked car can jump quickly to 100 to 120 degrees — even on a mild, 78-degree day like Saturday.
Current Georgia law allows someone to break a window to save a person, but not an animal.
"The laws need to be changed to protect the animals, not necessarily the people," said Mark Martin, a pet store owner who rallied around Hammons' cause. "We are the voices for the animals; they can't speak for themselves."
A local Ford dealer offered to replace the smashed car window for free.
Ken Mauldin, district attorney for the Superior Court of Athens-Clarke and Oconee counties, said the car's owner agreed with their decision to drop the charges.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1HdbUsM
What's the best unconventional way to learn Spanish?
If you need a break from going to class or reading a book, there's nothing better than learning Spanish through movies.
Why Learn Spanish Through Movies and Films?
Why learn Spanish through movies?
Here are three reasons:
Movies are just plain fun. You can reserve them for times when you're just too tired to do anything else.
Movies tend to use natural conversational Spanish. This is different from other sources of Spanish like books or news.
Also, movies are a great way to become culturally fluent. Being able to talk about a famous Spanish movie is a great way to connect with Spanish friends.
So you want to learn Spanish with movies – where to start?
9 Tips for Learning Spanish with Movies and Film
1. Watch a movie you have seen in your language.
If you are already familiar with the plot, you will not worry about missing anything. I suggest watching the movie a few times with the subtitles in English first. Even though subtitles are usually a summary of what actors are really saying, it helps you get the gist of it. At the same time, you are exposing yourself to the Spanish audio, even if it's not your priority at this point.
Once you are ready, deactivate the subtitles. I suggest doing this by segments, particularly the first time you see it. Watching a whole movie in Spanish might be overwhelming.
2. Focus on short segments where there is only one voice (or two at the most).
Not only are there many of variations of pronunciation and intonation in the different Spanish speaking countries, but each person also has their or their own way of speaking. This said, jumping into a conversation with many speakers may turn out to be a little frustrating (particularly if you are expecting to understand every single word that everyone is saying).
3. Don't feel like you “have to” watch a movie you dislike.
You should definitely find something of interest to you in the movie, whether it's the plot, the actors, the atmosphere…even the music. Otherwise, you'll just suffer through it as you probably did when you took traditional classes.
4. Stick to one country.
At some point you must have wondered whether the Spanish you are hearing is “real” Spanish or a dialect. Well, remember that Spanish is spoken in many different countries. Just as it happens with English, there are local variants—though the differences are not so great that they become dialects. If you are American, you can understand an Australian, but you don't speak like him. The same happens with Spanish.
Therefore, one suggestion that could help is this: stick to movies from one particular country first. After you feel comfortable with that local variety of Spanish, “move” to another country. Each Latin American nation speaks its own variety of Spanish, but in general they have more similarities with each other than any they have with Castilian Spanish (the “original” variety spoken in Spain).
The latter has a more difference in pronunciation, grammar and vocabulary. And when it comes to vocabulary, the main differences are in words for foods, clothes…and curses! Other than that, there are more similarities than differences.
5. Pair up.
Although these are tips to work through a movie on your own, it wouldn't hurt to get together with a friend who is in your same situation. They or they can supply those words/phrases/key points you missed, and you can help each other when either of you gets lost! Moreover, this person can be your partner to role-play the dialogues you already learned by heart when using tip number 3.
6. Watch “Terminator”…in Spanish.
Watching a Latin American or Spanish movie will also help you learn about the culture. However, at first it might be helpful to watch your favorite movie in English by choosing the Spanish audio option.
That way, you'd be enjoying a movie you feel totally comfortable with, and at the same time you'd be learning how to say in Spanish those lines you already knew by heart in English. Famous movies like “Ghost” (“La sombra del amor”) and “Brokeback Mountain” (“Secreto en la montaña” or “En terreno vedado”) are often available in Spanish.
7. Listen to a line, pause, repeat, and go back a few times.
Sometimes you may feel like you are making fun of the actors. But mocking them might be just the secret to get closer to the original pronunciation and intonation of Spanish. Once you've done this a few times, you can try “talking” to the movie.
For example, choose a role in the dialogue. After you learn that role, pause and say each line before it's said in the movie. Then, listen to the original line and check how close you got. Change roles. You can also try recording your part and then compare it to the movie's.
8. Look up new words and review them.
If you're up for it, the most effective way to learn from movies is to actually take the time to look words up, write them down, and review them on a regular basis. It's not a simple hack, but it works.
Tips 7 and 8 are effective, but you'll spend a lot of time and energy. If you'd like to be more efficient with this, and are open to watching other kinds of videos, you might want to check out our video-based Spanish learning site FluentU, which was designed to address exactly this problem.
FluentU helps you learn Spanish through movie trailers, commercials, news and inspiring talks. It does this through interactive transcripts and by turning videos into language learning lessons.
Recommended Classics to Learn Spanish with Movies
As I mentioned in tip number 6, it would be very helpful to start with one particular country first so that you train your ear to that accent, intonation, and speed. In my classes, I have successfully used the following Argentine movies:
“Caballos salvajes” (“Wild Horses”). (Drama, action.) In this 1995 film, a young “yuppie” and a retired old man make an odd couple in what ends up being a road trip to escape justice and find their destinies. The young man is a cool social climber, while the old man is their exact opposite: an old-fashioned anarchist whose ideals never materialized. These differences are reflected in the way they speak.
“Esperando al Mesías” (“Waiting for the Mesiah”, 2000). (Drama) Here you can watch the trailer of this movie that focuses on a Jewish young man as their life intertwines with people outside their faith while they question their beliefs and lifestyle. Most of the characters are young people from Buenos Aires, while Ariel's boss is a native from Spain.
“Made in Argentina” (1987). (Drama) The story of two Argentine families that reflects the situation in Argentina at the time. One family goes to the United States as political refuges; the other remains in Argentina despite the difficult financial situation. After a few years, the now “American” family returns for a visit and may consider a definite come-back.
The other option to consider is taking the other family back to the USA with them, to fulfill “the American dream”. Here, there is a contrast between the more “refined” Spanish of the family that lives in the States and the language of the working class family of a car mechanic who has always lived in the same neighborhood and uses a more colloquial, lower-standard Argentine Spanish.
“Nueve reinas” (2000). (Criminal). Here is the trailer for this Argentine blockbuster that had its Hollywood version in 2004. Two conmen trying to make a living think they have struck gold when a big scheme falls right into their laps. Some of the tricks they try to fool people with are clear, even if you can't follow every word, because they are typical of any big city crook. If you are already familiar with the “trick,” that will help you understand the dialogues.
“Cohen vs. Rossi” (1998). (Comedy). This is a grotesque comedy involving an Italian and a Jewish Argentine family. Many slang words in Argentine Spanish come from the language of immigrants. Here are samples of the slang that originally came from Italians and Jews but are today part of everyday speech in Argentina.
And finally: sit back, relax, and enjoy! Don't worry if you don't get absolutely everything. Patience makes perfect. Remember the computer or the DVD player never get tired of repeating words a thousand times for you. And if watching movies is something you enjoy anyway, you won't get tired either, and you'll end up learning lots of new words and expressions!
And One More Thing…
If you like learning Spanish through movies, then you'll love FluentU. FluentU takes real-world videos like music videos, commercials, news, and inspiring talks and turns them into Spanish learning experiences. FluentU is designed for you to become familiarized with everyday Spanish, by combining all the benefits of total immersion and native level conversations with easy-to-read subtitles.
FluentU has a wide variety of videos—topics like soccer, TV shows, business, movies and even magical realism, as you can see here:
FluentU brings native Spanish videos within reach with interactive captions. Missed a word? Tap on the captions to instantly view definitions and useful examples.
And FluentU isn't just videos—it's a complete language learning program. Learn all the vocabulary in any video with FluentU's Learn Mode. Swipe left or right to see more examples of the word you're learning. You'll be able to create vocab lists and track your progress as you progress through video after video.
The best part? FluentU keeps track of your vocabulary, and it recommends you examples and videos based on the words you've already learned. You have a 100% personalized experience.
Start using FluentU on the website with your computer or tablet or, better yet, download the FluentU app from the iTunes or Play store!
A major key to DJ Khaled's recent success may have been cut by the NBA's top shot-blocker.
Sometime last October, Hassan Whiteside was relaxing at the record producer's Miami home when they reached for their smartphone to document the occasion. The Miami Heat center launched Snapchat, an app that had become a favorite of theirs in the month and a half since they downloaded it.
“He asked me what I thought about Snapchat,” Whiteside recalls. “I said, ‘I think you should get a Snapchat.' And DJ Khaled just got a Snapchat and took it to another level.”
• NADKARNI: Heat are winning without Bosh | Kobe vs. LeBron: The debate
Twenty million followers later, Khaled has become one of the world's most popular users of the app, landing interviews left and right and even speaking to the company's employees about their personal strategy. He's created viral catchphrases, pushed their own merchandise and doled out countless “keys to success” to their fans.
All Whiteside can do is hope to earn some new fans by making scattered guest appearances in Khaled's daily videos.
“I've got to get with Khaled,” says Whiteside, who averages about 60,000 viewers per snap. “Khaled is the one who gets me all the followers.”
Whiteside, while not personally responsible for the creation of any other large accounts, has been instrumental in the NBA's increased presence on Snapchat. He's at the head of a growing pack of NBA players that have joined the app to share their lives off the court with fans. Each day, he'll showcase their excellence in NBA 2K, joke with rookie teammate Josh Richardson or warm the hearts of their followers with an inspirational 12-second address.
“I think it gives the fans a better view of your personality,” Whiteside says. “It's like a movie of your life that you control, and after 24 hours, you start over.”
​
The challenge to shoot, caption and narrate short videos that expire after one day has piqued the interest of some of the NBA's more creative minds. In recent months, colorful players like Warriors forward Draymond Green and Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook have launched accounts. Still, the movement is in its early stages. There's an element of reluctance in the league to publish content on the platform, at least for public consumption.
10 best players to follow on Snapchat Account 1. Hassan Whiteside, Heat youngwhiteside 2. Kevin Seraphin, Knicks kslife13 3. Russell Westbrook, Thunder russwest44 4. Draymond Green, Warriors money23green 5. Chris Bosh, Heat mrchrisbosh 6. Dwyane Wade, Heat mrwade82 7. Giannis Antetokounmpo, Bucks G_ante34 8. Lance Stephenson, Grizzlies born_ready23 9. Jordan Clarkson, Lakers slim5ive 10. Harrison Barnes, Warriors hbarnes40
Some players, like Knicks rookie Kristaps Porzingis, will tell you that Twitter, Facebook and Instagram are already enough to handle. Others, as teammate Kevin Seraphin suggests, aren't fit for it.
“The problem with some NBA players is that some guys are boring,” says Seraphin, who is currently concocting their own social network. “You know, I'm different. I think it's a blessing to be here—you never know, you might die tomorrow. So, I'm going to show you I can be serious, but have a lot of fun at the same time.”
• Whiteside on free throws and hot chocolate | REILLY: Warriors cover story
Whether or not they personally use the service, the NBA and its teams have set out to document the lives its players on Snapchat. It isn't the only sports league in the U.S. that's embraced the application; just last year, Major League Baseball and the National Football League announced partnerships with the company, but it was the first. In 2014, the NBA shot video and photos from the All-Star Game in New Orleans and hasn't looked back since.
NBA is on @Snapchat and our Story tonight will be a 10 out of 10 pic.twitter.com/UnGXebeRor — NBA (@NBA) February 14, 2014
“We saw Snapchat as a great medium to reach younger fans, and we wanted to provide the experience of being at a game or ‘hanging out' with an NBA player,” says Melissa Rosenthal Brenner, the NBA's senior vice president of digital media. “Snapchat's content tools were also somewhat unique at the time we joined the platform. The ‘My Story' feature let us produce compelling short form content. It was a great way to give fans the experience of being at a game with VIP access. Also, when focusing on a younger audience, we try to produce more lighthearted or amusing content.”
That focus has led to several viral moments; Dikembe Mutombo once used the app to give a tour of the league's Manhattan office, while DJ Khaled graced the NBA's Snapchat on Christmas Day.
As Snapchat continues to expand, so does the NBA's coverage. The league is able to highlight its big events and showcase them to a younger audience, while its social-media savvy players, nearly 90% of which own an account on one medium according to the league, can push their personality onto the public in a controlled setting.
“Our players are social media stars, first-movers in technology, and right there sharing remarkable moments,” Rosenthal Brenner says.
Subscribe Get the best of Sports Illustrated delivered right to your inbox The SI Extra Newsletter
Nothing says “first-mover in technology” like inspiring the largest Snapchat account in the world.
No. If the Runner chooses to trash a program, the rest of Scavenge resolves immediately. If they program the Runner just trashed is then reinstalled from the heap, it is no longer eligible for the ability on Skorpios.
If the Runner uses Scavenge to trash an installed program, can the Corp use Skorpios Defense Systems to remove that program from the game before the Runner can install the same program again?
UFAQ [Michael Boggs]
If Employee Strike is active when either an agenda is scored or another current is played, can Skorpios Defense Systems remove it from the game?
No. Employee Strike is active until it is trashed, so Skorpios doesn't have its ability in time to see the trigger condition being met.
If the Runner trashes multiple cards at once, such as through damage from Scorched Earth or through MaxX's ability, does the Corp have to choose one at a time which card to remove from the game as damage is picked?
Skorpios meets its trigger condition once for each card trashed simultaneously after they have all been picked, so the Corp can choose any of the cards that were trashed to remove from the game.
If an I've Had Worse is trashed to damage while the Corp is playing Skorpios Defense Systems, does the Runner get to draw 3 cards before I've Had Worse can be removed from the game?
Yes.
Can Skorpios Defense Systems remove an event from the game after the Runner plays and resolves it?
Yes.
If the Runner plays a run event like Account Siphon, when would Skorpios Defense Systems trigger?
An event that initiates a run is not considered fully resolved until the run completes, and is thus not trashed until afterward. If a Runner card is trashed during the run initiated by Account Siphon, the Corp will have to choose at that moment whether or not to remove that card from the game. If the Corp chooses to use the ability on Skorpios, they will not be able to use it again when the Account Siphon run ends and the event is trashed.
If the Corp uses Skorpios Defense Systems to remove a Clone Chip from the game when the Runner uses it, does the Runner still get to install a program from their heap or has the cost been prevented?
President Donald Trump refrained from elaborating on their strategy to defeat the Islamic State in their 100 days interview with Reuters, saying only that they should be “humiliated.”
“I have to say, there is an end,” Trump declared, when asked about the fight against the terror group. “And it has to be humiliation.”
“There is an end,” they continued. “Otherwise it's really tough. But there is an end.”
Trump and their team have offered scant details on their plan to take on the terrorist group, but told the Associated Press Apr 21 they had a plan. They said “not many more” troops would be needed for the plan, but pressed for details would only say that “generally is we have got to get rid of ISIS. We have no choice. And other terrorist organizations.”
Trump's lack of detail stems from their annoyance with the Obama administration for telegraphing its intent to retake Mosul from ISIS months before the operation began. “We are still fighting Mosul,” they said. “You know why? Because they were prepared. If we had gone in and just done it, it would have been over three months ago.”
The Trump administration has already dispatched hundreds more troops into Syria for shaping operations against ISIS, deployed an additional 200 troops to Iraq, and sent 2,500 troops to Kuwait to serve in reserve for possible anti-ISIS operations. The administration's anti-ISIS plan appears to be an amplified version of the Obama administration's plan to rely on local forces, with U.S. support. This support includes special operators training locals, U.S. air support, and weapons.
Follow Saagar Enjeti on Twitter
Send tips to saagar@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Skype might not be performing quite as well as parent company eBay would prefer a $2.6 billion acquisition to perform, but that hasn't dampened worldwide enthusiasm for the VoIP service. Skype is so popular, in fact, that new numbers out from TeleGeography suggest that it has become the "largest provider of cross-border voice communications in the world." Take that, AT&T!
Actually, AT&T probably doesn't care, since long distance has lost some of its revenue-generating luster, but the surging popularity of VoIP no doubt keeps future-thinking execs up at nights. Skype's revenues are more modest than the big telcos, despite its usage numbers; at eBay's annual meeting earlier this month, the company said that Skype pulled in $550 million in 2008.
Most of Skype's usage, though, generates no revenue. Its free computer-to-computer calls (certain handsets and mobile devices can now be used as well) have become a hugely popular way of making international calls. TeleGeography estimates that Skype's international traffic jumped by 41 percent in 2008 and topped 33 billion minutes of use, most of that in free calls. Traditional international calls grew only 12 percent in 2008.
Skype also hopes to work its mojo in the business world, offering a new beta of "Skype for SIP" that allows corporations to route calls from a PBX system over the Internet. As with the consumer version of the software, calls that remain on the Internet and go to other Skype users would be free; calls that connect to the traditional phone network cost pennies a minute.
Growth brings new challenges, of course, and as Skype now handles more international voice conversations than any incumbent telco in the world, governments are beginning to get interested. One of their chief concerns is that mobsters, spies, terrorists, Ponzi schemers, and other assorted bad guys don't simply get a free pass on eavesdropping by using a VoIP service like Skype. In the US, CALEA rules have tried to bring wiretapping rules into the Internet age.
European authorities also announced last month that they would lead an international effort to "overcome the technical and judicial obstacles to the interception of internet telephony systems." Skype was singled out for particular attention, though the company told us that "we have capabilities and we have programs in place and [governments are] aware of them."
Skype's prominence has also put it in conflict with existing phone companies, especially mobile operators. Skype would love nothing better than to see its software running on every handset in the world; plenty of consumers feel the same way. But wireless operators like to lock down their handsets to prevent exactly this sort of behavior, so Skype has been a key proponent of "wireless net neutrality," which the FCC declined to act on last year.
And it continues to face internal pressures from eBay, which early last year was publicly talking about its willingness to sell Skype if "synergies" between the two companies failed to materialize.
Still, what company wouldn't want to have Skype's problems? Going from startup to the world's single largest provider of international calls in six years is impressive; more impressive would be to see Skype generate massive revenues even as the cost of voice communications plummets.
Tip: See my list of the Most Common Mistakes in English. It will teach you how to avoid mis­takes with com­mas, pre­pos­i­tions, ir­reg­u­lar verbs, and much more.
The month of May is named after Maia, the Roman goddess of growth (her name was thought to be related to the Latin word maior, “larger, greater”, and comes possibly from Proto-Indo-European *magya, “she who is great”). Words based on the same root are shown on red background on the map below:
Do you like the map? Show your support by sharing it. Sharing with attribution helps me create more maps.
Ukrainian and Belarusian tráven' are derived from a Slavic word for “grass”. They are both related to Croatian travanj which, however, means “April”, not “May”. Czech květen is derived from květ, “flower, blossom” (and, to make matters worse, the same word in Polish and Ukrainian means “April”). Croatian svibanj is named after sviba, “dogwood”, which is a type of tree blossoming in May. In Lithuanian, gegužė is a cuckoo bird.
Finnish toukokuu means “sowing month”. Võro lehekuu means “leaf month”. Miessemánnu in Northern Sami means “Reindeer Calf Month” (the same is likely true for several other Sami languages). Karelian oraskuu is a “sprouting month”. Veps semendku is probably derived from semen, “seed”.
Irish Bealtaine and Scottish Gaelic Cèitean both refer to a Celtic festival of Beltane. It is believed that the Irish version comes from Proto-Celtic *belo-te(p)niâ, “bright fire”, while the Scottish Gaelic version means “first month of summer”.
The Interfaith Conference of Metropolitan Washington is known as one of the country's early multi-faith groups, and its executive director's nickname is the “dean of American interfaith.” Yet as it approaches its 35th anniversary in November, the group is fighting for survival, down to two full-time staff members and facing more than $100,000 in debt.
The conference, which has a major fundraiser planned this fall and aims to restructure the organization and sharpen its mission, is hardly alone. Some of the oldest and best-known names in interfaith, including the National Council of Churches and the Chicago-based Council for a Parliament of the World Religions, have slashed staff as their revenue shriveled.
The Interfaith Conference is struggling, experts and some group leaders say, in part because it relies too much on clergy and religious denominations for participation and money at a time when many traditional faith groups are losing members and status as more Americans drop or switch spiritual affiliations and are less committed.
But in some ways, the challenges now faced by traditional interfaith organizations can be seen as a good thing, some interfaith experts and participants say.
Since the Interfaith Conference was founded in 1978, religious minorities have grown significantly in size and stature, and Americans now interact more easily with people of other faiths in their schools, offices, neighborhoods and even immediate families.
In other words, more than doing interfaith, many Americans are living interfaith. This culture change has given rise to a burgeoning number of smaller, activist interfaith groups, some of which are only very loosely identified with faith traditions, if at all.
“The old model was institutional bigwigs talking carefully to one another about theology. The understanding of what ‘multi-faith' is and how to organize around it has broadened tremendously,” said David Roozen, director of the Hartford Institute for Religion Research, who has focused on interfaith research. “The dominant American attitude toward other faith traditions is indifference. . . . It can be a challenge for interfaith” institutions.
Activist groups
Younger interfaith types today are more interested in activism and often focus on particular policy issues. For example, some of the newer, small groups in Washington are Interfaith Youth for Climate Justice and Shoulder to Shoulder: Standing with American Muslims.
When these new, more activist groups are taken into account, the interfaith movement as a whole appears to be thriving. The Rev. Bud Heckman, who has been a leader of several key interfaith groups, said their research shows there are twice as many interfaith groups nationally as there were a decade ago. A recent Hartford Institute survey showed congregations are twice as likely to engage in interfaith worship today as they were 10 years ago.
“There's a generational thing here. A lot of people are quite happy to be eclectic and take their insights from various sources. The interfaith councils we have now [the more traditional ones] solidify: ‘I'm no longer Heidi, I'm Heidi the Christian.' I don't think youth are interested in those boxes,” said Heidi Hadsell, who is president of Hartford Seminary and has led several international interfaith organizations.
There's less need for the kind of dialogue that has formed the basis of many traditional interfaith institutions, and it can be more challenging for traditional groups to organize action given the often divergent belief systems and goals of their members.
“It's tricky; we have to ride it out to get to the other side to know what the next generation will do with this,” said Jack Gordon, a 30-year-old regional Bahai representative on the Interfaith Conference's executive committee.
So far, the transition has been chaotic.
In a March essay titled “Why the ‘interfaith movement' must rebrand,” Heckman wrote that there is confusion — and, thus, trouble organizing efforts — because people have different goals. Some want to focus on clarifying and honoring the distinctions between religions, while others are “multi-spiritual” and just want to find like-minded seekers. Still others are aimed at some secular public policy change.
“Some people working squarely within the movement actually even giggle a bit when I try to even use the term ‘interfaith movement,' ” they wrote, because the term implies a common purpose.
But Heckman sees reasons for optimism. For one, some of the newer, highly focused interfaith groups are more easily able to attract funding. These include the 24-chapter Interfaith Alliance, which was founded in 1994 to focus on church-state boundaries, and the Interfaith Youth Core, which has a staff of 25 and works on dozens of college campuses.
A focus on dialogue
Interfaith Conference leaders say they believe there is still a need for the group's unique strength — it connects local leaders from 11 different faiths, including Mormons, Catholics, Buddhists, Jews and Muslims.
In its very earliest years, the conference was an engine for social justice efforts. It founded the Capital Area Food Bank and helped establish a local branch of the Women, Infants and Children program for at-risk pregnant women and children.
“That was amazing, it was such a time,” said the Rev. Clark Lobenstine, the Presbyterian minister who has been the conference's sole executive director. Part of the group's transition is looking for a new leader when Lobenstine retires next year.
As the group has grown more religiously diverse, Lobenstine said, it has focused more on dialogue and less on action. It's harder to rally 11 faith leaders around any given topic. Some group leaders said there was a recent struggle over whether to take up the issue of gun control because members disagreed on the topic.
The conference is best known lately for two key publications: one used in area schools that talks about various faiths' beliefs, and one that serves as a directory that faith-based groups can use to find shelters, food and clothing for needy congregants.
“It's one thing to have an interpersonal relationship with someone of a different background,” Gordon said. “But on a community-wide level, how do you build coalitions together? How do you advocate for one another in times of crisis? In a systematic way? We're building on the great advances the previous generation made.”
4 Ways to Decorate a Lunch with Apples
Today I'm kicking off an occasional series of posts focusing on how different ingredients and tools can be used to make decorative elements for fun bento lunches. First up: apples!
Apples are a perennial favorite that appear frequently in our lunches. They're not as exciting as our beloved summer berries, but they are sturdy, sweet, crunchy, and nutritious and I can count on my kids to eat them throughout the winter months. Apples are also a great candidate for decoration because their cream colored flesh and brightly colored skin lend themselves to several arty, but not-too-complicated techniques. (Really! I swear!)
Cutting the Apple
First I want to quickly show how I cut the apples for these techniques. Rather than cutting the apple in half and coring it, I use a sharp paring knife to cut flat-bottomed chunks off the apple. I start by cutting a big chunk, then rotate the apple 90 degrees and cut another chunk, continuing around the apple until I'm left with a square core. This method is fast and gives you nicely sized pieces to work with. The flat bottoms also make the apple chunks more stable when you are cutting them so they're less likely to tip and cause the knife to slip.
Stripey Apple
Let's start with the easiest technique: the stripey apple. This is super fast and I use this technique a lot when I pack lunches.
Slice a couple of chunks of apples length-wise into quarter inch thick slices. Trim the ends to fit in the space you'd like to fill in the bento box. I cut off about 3/4 inch to fit in the square silicone cup I used below.
Place the apple slices in the cup one at a time, flipping over alternate slices to contrast the white inner flesh with the darker skin.
Ta da! Striped apples!
Cookie Cutter Apple
Begin by selecting a cookie cutter slightly smaller than the apple chunk you are planning to use. I like to use cutters from Wilton's series of mini cutter sets for this. Most of them are 1-1 1/2 inches across which is just the right size. (The flower cutter I use here is from their romance set .)
Gently push the cutter through the skin of the apple. Don't press it too far into the flesh — maybe just a couple of millimeters beyond the skin.
Remove the cutter, then slip the tip of a knife under the skin of the apple. Gently cut under the skin of the apple, keeping the knife parallel to the skin. I find it's helpful to start by going all the way around the edge of the cut-out first, rotating the apple as you go. If the skin is still stuck to the middle of the cut-out once you've gone all the way around, poke the tip of the knife into it and wriggle it back and forth until the skin pops free.
You can use the apple as is, or you can kick it up a notch by filling the cut-out with food that's a contrasting color.
For the example here, I used fruit leather, but piece of cheddar cheese would work nicely too. Using the same cutter, cut a shape from the fruit leather.
Pop the fruit leather over the cut-out and add it to your lunch box.
Carved Apple
A carved apple is quick to make if you have the right tool. I use a small U-shaped knife that I bought at a Daiso store near my home, but you can also use a linoleum cutter which is easy to find online or in art stores. In a pinch, you could also carve an apple by cutting narrow V-shapes with a very sharp paring or craft knife but please be careful not to cut yourself if you go that route!
You can carve just about any simple shape into an apple (or more complicated ones if you feel like fussing a bit), but I like to carve my kids' initials into apples because letters are pretty fast to make and my kids both love to see “their letters” in their lunch boxes.
To cut the shape, poke the tip of the carving knife just through the apple's skin and then keeping the blade parallel to the apple's skin, slide it through the fruit to carve a shallow trough.
Zippity doo dah! There's the letter A!
Checkered Apple
Let's finish with one of the most famous of all decorative bento techniques: the checkered apple!
Begin with a rectangular chunk of apple. Using a sharp paring knife score straight lines into the skin of the apple. Try not to cut too far into the flesh of the apple — again just a millimeter or two. Cut from one end of the apple to the other doing your best to keep the cuts parallel to each other. When you have finished the cuts in one direction, rotate the apple 90 degrees and repeat the process by cutting lines cross-wise.
When you've finished there should be a grid pattern on your apple.
Slip the tip of the knife under alternating squares of skin, gently prying each piece off the white part of the apple. Clean up any rough edges.
When you're done you'll have a lovely checkered apple to slip into your lunch box.
A Quick Note on Browning
One question that always comes up when I talk about putting apples in lunches is how I keep them from browning. There are lots of ways to prevent oxidation. You can dip apples in water with a little lemon squirted into it, pineapple juice or really almost anything acidic or you can use one of my favorite products: Fruit-Fresh . Sprinkle this powder evenly over the cut portions of the apples and they'll easily stay white until lunch time. Not only does Fruit-Fresh work the best of any technique I've found to prevent browning, but it also imparts little or no sour flavor. You can usually find it in stores that sell canning supplies or you can also get it online.
How do you like to decorate apples for your lunches? Do you think you'll give any of these techniques a try?
Australia's 'punk rock' turtle faces extinction The Mary River turtle, a native of Queensland, Australia, is pictured in this handout photo released by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) on April 12, 2018.<br></br>This reptile has a distinctive Mohican-style hairdo, which is actually algae growing on its head, and the ability to breathe through its genitals. It was once a popular pet in Australia. This week it ranked 29th on the Zoological Society of London's Evolutionary Distinct and Globally Endangered list. Chris Van Wyk/AFP/Getty Images
A rare white moose is spotted in Sweden A rare white moose was spotted in Gunnarskog, Varmland province, Sweden, July 31, 2017. There are only around 100 white moose in Sweden. They aren't albino but instead grow white fur due to a generic mutation. Tommy Pedersen/TT via AP
Check out this glow-in-the-dark frog Scientists have discovered a tree frog that's the first amphibian with natural fluorescence that lives in South America. Taboada Faivich/AFP/Getty Images
Holy Cow:This Cow Is Over 6 feet Danniel the 6 ft 4 inch cow is fed by owner Ken Farley and visitors on a farm in Eureka, California Nov. 4, 2016. David Johnson/Barcroft Images
Two-Headed Rattlesnake Slithers A young rattlesnake with two heads is seen in its enclosure at the reptile zoo in Scheidegg, Germany, July 22, 2016. KARL-JOSEF HILDENBRAND/EPA
New Species of Spider Shows Off Its Colors A specimen of the newly-discovered Australian Peacock spider, Maratus Bubo, shows off their colourful abdomen in this undated picture from Australia. Reuters
An Owl Twists Its Head Upside Down Wildlife photographer Alain Balthazard captured the moment a short-eared owl managed to tilt their head in Champagne-Ardenne, France, April 2016. According to Balthazard, 49, the birds turn their heads up to 270 degrees in a display of surprise and curiosity when humans approach. Solent News/REX/Shutterstock
Bird's-Eye View of a Hummingbird Photographer Matt Rose captured this shot of a hummingbird in their back yard in Glendale, Calif. on Feb. 16, 2016. Rose told ABC News that they were standing about two to three feet away from the bird when they took the photo. Matt Rose
World's Cutest Animal Makes Its Debut This unusual African sengi is one of two making its debut at Chester Zoo. The tiny newcomer, also known as a round eared elephant-shrew, was born at the zoo for the very first time during the summer in a special behind-the-scenes breeding facility. Bizarrely, the tiny creatures are not thought to be directly linked to their shrew cousins in other parts of the world and are more closely related to elephants, and are amongst very few mammals that naturally pair up for life. Chester Zoo/REX Shutterstock
Meet the Cat That Resembles a Werewolf There is a breed of cat which resembles a werewolf. The Lykoi cats get their quirky looks from a naturally occurring Sphynx cat mutation mixed with black domestic shorthair. The first litter was born in July 2010 according to Johnny Gobble, a practicing Veterinarian and Lykoi specialist based in Tennessee. Now the eye-catching and spooky appearance of these cats has started a trend in breeding the type. Brittney Gobble/REX Shutterstock
See Surfing Corgi Catch Wave A corgi named Jojo catches a wave in the medium size dog competition during the 10th annual Petco Unleashed surfing dog contest at Imperial Beach, Calif., Aug. 1, 2015. Proceeds raised at the event go to benefit the San Diego Humane Society. Mike Blake/Reuters
Brave Cat Nabs Hero Dog Award Tara, a 7-year-old adopted cat, wins the 33rd Annual National Hero Dog Award in Los Angeles, June 19, 2015. In May 2014, Tara fought off a dog that attacked their 6-year-old owner as they were riding their bicycle. Richard Vogel/AP Photo
Check Out the Dog That Can Skateboard Four-year-old British Bulldog "Bobo" skateboards past office workers during evening rush hour at Singapore's central business district May 8, 2015. Edgar Su/Reuters
Pig Excels in Dog Agility Class by Leaps and Bounds Amy, an indoor pig owned by Lori Stock, goes through agility training intended for dogs at the Family Dog Training Center in Kent., Wash., Feb. 10, 2015. Amy can do agility moves that most dogs their age cannot. Joshua Lewis/KOMOnews.com/AP Photo
Meet Adhira, San Diego Zoo's Rare White Cobra A rare white monocled cobra that was found in Thousand Oaks, Calif., has gotten a name at the San Diego Zoo. The snake was named Adhira, which means lightning in Hindi. Adhira received 4,612 votes in an online poll, besting Sapheda (white), Krima (cream), Cini (Sugar), Moti (pearl) and Sundara (beautiful). San Diego Zoo
Blind Owl Has Stars in Their Eyes Pint-sized Zeus, a blind western screech owl, lives at the Wildlife Learning Center in Sylmar, Calif., where visitors are memorized by their glittering eyes. The starry-eyed bird was found on a local resident's porch and brought to the center where Paul Hahn, the center's founder, looks after him. Zeus is named after the Greek god of sky and thunder. Caters News Agency
Road-Crossing Two-Headed Turtle Doesn't Look Both Ways A two-headed snapping turtle sits on a rock in Hudson, Maine, Sept. 25, 2014. Dan Frye/WLBZ-TV/AP Photo
Genetically-engineered fish glow vibrantly Genetically-engineered fish (Pterophyllum Scalare var.) glow in a tank during the 2014 Taiwan Aquarium Expo in Taipei, Sept. 12, 2014. The 2014 Taiwan Aquarium Expo runs from September 12-15 at the Taipei World Trade Center Nangang Exhibition Hall. Pichi Chuang/Reuters
Glasswing Butterfly Creatures with clear glass-like skin can be found all over the world but their very existence is still shrouded in mystery. The fascinating organisms verge on the invisible and their translucent skin often helps them elude predators. Seen here is a Glasswing butterfly. Valerie Taylor/Ardea/Caters News Agency
Paper nautilus Creatures with clear glass-like skin can be found all over the world but their very existence is still shrouded in mystery. The fascinating organisms verge on the invisible and their translucent skin often helps them elude predators. Seen here is a Paper nautilus. Valerie Taylor/Ardea/Caters News Agency
Are these ants dancing? These ants seem to be in the mood for dancing after being photographed practicing their ballet poses. Taken inside their homemade studio in Moscow, Russia, macro-photographer, Irina Kozorog, uses honey and sugar to tease the ants into the perfect position. Caters News Agency
Is This The World's The Oldest Pet? A 116-year-old tortoise could be the United Kingdom's oldest pet, after living through two world wars and being passed down through three generations of the same family. Tommy, who is actually a female tortoise, was bought for Â£1 in 1909 from a London Market, by Margaret Cloonan. Tommy now lives with Sheila Floris and their husband Carlo. Caters News Agency
Two-Toned Cat Takes Internet By Storm Venus, a 'chimera' cat with a half-black, half-tabby fdeaturing one green eye and one blue has, become an internet sensation after their owner created a Facebook page in the cat's honor. Venus'sPage/Facebook
Pig, the Dog A woman scratches the head of Pig, a dog born with severe deformities, at a park in Alabaster, Ala. Found with littermates in woods near Atlanta. Pig runs and plays with other animals despite have a shortened spine, misshapen hips and no neck. They hop like a frog to stand up and walks with a high-shouldered gait that resembles a gorilla. Unable to swing their head side to side, Pig spins their whole body to see what's beside them Jay Reeves/AP Photo
Hermit crab shelters based on famous places Artist <a href="http://www.aki-inomata.com/" target="_blank">Aki Inomata</a> created hermit crab shelters based on famous places around the world.. From left, Thailand, New York, and Greece. Aki Inomata
Report: Cut Fossil Fuel Subsidies To Cut Carbon Emissions
March 18th, 2016 by James Ayre
As the report shows, fossil fuels subsidies have been quite enormous over the last 30 years — pushing carbon emissions higher than they would be otherwise.
Radek summed this up rather clearly: “The resultant 170-country, 30-year database finds that the financial and the environmental costs of such subsidies are enormous- and steadily increasing. The overwhelming majority of the world's fossil fuel subsidies stem from China, the US, and the ex-USSR; as of 2010, this figure was $712 billion or nearly 80% of the total world value of subsidies. For its part, Canada has been subsidizing rather than taxing fossil fuels since 1998. By 2010, Canadian subsidies sat at $13 billion, or 1.4% of GDP. In that same year, the total direct and indirect financial costs of all such subsidies amounted to $1.82 trillion, or 3.8% of global GDP.”
Also worth making note of here — the report found that if fossil fuel subsidies hadn't been present in 2010, then carbon emissions that year would have been 46% lower than the actually were. This projection can of course be extrapolated beyond 2010, further back in time, as well as into the future.
The overall takeaway from the report is clearly that if governments are serious about cutting their countries' carbon emissions, then the slashing of fossil fuel subsidies would be prudent.
The full report can be found here.
OSLO, Norway, April 6 (UPI) -- Statoil's huge oil find in the Barents Sea puts the arctic on the map in the hunt for fossil fuels.
The Norwegian state-owned company last week announced the most significant oil discovery off Norway in the past decade at its Skrugard prospect in the western Barents Sea.
Around 108 nautical miles off the Norwegian coast, the field may hold between 250 million barrels and 500 million barrels of recoverable oil, the company said in a statement.
Statoil, which said it hopes to produce oil from Skrugard in 5-10 years, has a 50 percent share in the license. The remainder is held by Italy's Eni (30 percent) and Norway's state-owned oil concession company Petoro (20 percent).
RELATED Pressure grows on arctic oil exploration
"The Skrugard find is significant and a breakthrough for frontier exploration in the Barents Sea," Tim Dodson, executive vice president for exploration at Statoil, said in a statement. "This opens a new oil province that can provide additional resource growth."
Statoil has drilled more than 60 wells in the Barents Sea, often with little success.
"The Barents Sea is large and we cannot say that we have cracked the code for the entire area yet," Dodson said. "But we have confirmed that our exploration model is correct. This is a breakthrough and an important step in understanding how the geology -- and thus the hydrocarbon systems in the Barents Sea -- works."
RELATED Repsol lands North Slope oil deal
The find is good news for Norway, which has seen oil output decline in recent years. It's also expected to increase the exploration activities in the arctic.
Climate change is causing arctic ice sheets to melt, with the oceans in the region possibly ice-free during the summer months. This is opening a new Atlantic-Pacific shipping channel and makes the vast natural resources lying under the seabed more accessible.
Drilling in the icy arctic waters isn't without controversy.
RELATED Putin says BP can help develop arctic oil
Russia and Norway have for the past four decades disagreed over boundaries in the Barents Sea, which is believed to hold vast amounts of oil, gas and precious metals.
Apart from the Russian-Norwegian conflict, the United States and Canada are rowing over a swath of the Beaufort Sea and over the Northwest Passage, which in 2007 for the first time in modern history was free of ice.
Meanwhile, environmental groups are worried that the arctic, one of the world's most pristine natural ecosystems, may be destroyed by reckless industrial activity. Experts say drilling in the arctic is too risky.
Production at Statoil's Snoehvit and Eni's Goliat prospect, two other fields in the Barents Sea, have been delayed because of the harsh conditions in the arctic.
BALTIMORE -- When a handful of reporters approached Miami Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder to talk about Sunday's 26-10 loss to the Baltimore Ravens, we expected to hear their usually colorful and blunt assessment of the game.
They sounded a bit agitated and inserted a few too many profanities for the FCC's liking, but they otherwise are of good humor for a couple minutes. That was until South Florida Sun-Sentinel reporter Mike Berardino asked what seemed like a throwaway question about a third-quarter skirmish.
Crowder replied with an accusation that touched off fireworks in both locker rooms a half hour after the game ended. Crowder claimed Ravens fullback Le'Ron McClain spat into their face.
"I just got told not talk about it, so I can't talk about it," Crowder said, then proceeded anyway. "But Le'Ron McClain spit in my face. They spit in my face. That's some real ho s---. So if you talk to him, tell them he's a ho. And if they ever comes to Miami, he's got to see me."
Crowder said referee John Parry's officiating crew wasn't sympathetic.
"Then they said something about they let [Dolphins linebacker] Karlos Dansby get away with a facemask the play before," Crowder said. "Who the f--- cares? A guy just spit in my face! I don't give a damn about Karlos pulling somebody's facemask. Like they didn't see [Dolphins quarterback] Chad Henne get hit twice when they slid. Yeah, a little Stevie Wonder and Anne Frank."
Crowder might have been done talking right then, but I had to ask what they meant by Anne Frank.
"Who was that? Is that the blind girl?" Crowder said.
Helen Keller, I suggested.
"Helen Keller," they said. "I don't know who the f--- Anne Frank is. I'm mad right now. F--- it. I'm not as swift as I usually am.
"That's the first time I've ever been spit in my face in my life. And that's the worst thing you can do to a man as another man, spit in somebody's face. Why would you do that? Why would you try to? Because you're scared of me? Really? Spit on me and then walk away real fast and let your team protect you? That's what they did."
McClain denied spitting at Crowder and admitted saliva might've flown out of their mouth while they were jawing, facemask-to-facemask.
McClain was smiling in an aw-shucks manner over the incident and did a good job of being diplomatic, noting Crowder probably was just frustrated about the loss.
Ravens receiver Derrick Mason had some choice words for Crowder, a notorious trash talker who once took on New York Jets head coach Rex Ryan.
"You have to be able in this sport to be able to back up what you talk, and for some reason this guy every time they say something they don't back it up," Mason said. "He's not a marquee player. I don't think they even want them on this team, but they have no one to replace him. So they have to be there.
"He's in the game, and he's getting knocked down. He's getting pushed out of the way. The guy is horrible. Honestly, the guy is horrible. He's probably a good guy. Not taking that away from him, but he's horrible. He's not a good football player. Honestly, they need to go back and watch the film and humble themselves and not say anything."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The message was read out during New Year celebrations in Diyarbakir, as James Reynolds explains
The jailed leader of Kurdish rebels fighting Turkey, Abdullah Ocalan, has called for a truce after years of war.
Ocalan also urged the fighters of their PKK organisation to withdraw from Turkey, in a message read out to cheers during Kurdish New Year celebrations in the city of Diyarbakir.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan cautiously welcomed the call.
More than 40,000 people have died in the 30-year fight for an ethnic Kurdish homeland in Turkey's south-east.
Mr Erdoğan said the move was "positive" but stressed the importance of the implementation of any ceasefire.
They said Turkish security forces would not undertake fresh operations against the rebels if Ocalan's call was implemented.
The military leader of the PKK, Murat Karayilan, said that they "very strongly" supported Ocalan's move.
"All of Turkey, Kurdistan and the world must know this: as the PKK movement, we are ready for war and for peace," they told the Kurdish Firat news agency.
Hundreds of thousands of people were present in Diyarbarkir to hear Ocalan's message, which follows months of talks between the PKK and Turkey.
The PKK has announced ceasefires before. Each has failed. But this time, there is a sense of optimism among many in Turkey. Grounds for hope are based on one simple premise: the interests of the two most powerful men in Turkey - Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan - now coincide. The Turkish parliament is currently discussing a new constitution. Both Mr Erdoğan and Ocalan seek to re-negotiate the foundation of the secular state drawn up by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in the 1920s. Mr Erdoğan wants to keep the armed forces out of politics and make room for the public practice of Islam. Ocalan wants formal rights for the Kurdish people within Turkey. Neither appears to object to the other's ambition. A Turkey-PKK ceasefire helps to strengthen each leader in their respective efforts to redraw the underpinnings of the state.
Several previous ceasefire attempts between the two sides have failed.
But the BBC's James Reynolds in Istanbul says the announcement is potentially an important step towards ending the three-decade long conflict between Kurdish rebels and the Turkish state.
They point out that this time Ocalan and Mr Erdoğan - the two key figures involved - are talking via intermediaries.
Turkey's aims to become a leading power in the Middle East - and eventually in Europe mean it must end its 30-year armed conflict with Kurdish rebels, our correspondent adds.
They say that Ocalan is still the final decision-maker among the Kurds, despite the 14 years they have spent in jail.  They are serving a life sentence for treason.
The announcement was read out in Diyarbakir in Kurdish and in Turkish.
It was broadcast live on a Turkish television channel - itself unprecedented in a country where any display of PKK symbols had previously been banned.
"We have reached the point where weapons should be silent and ideas and politics should speak," Ocalan's message said, echoing the words of an earlier call by Mr Erdoğan.
"A new phase in our struggle is beginning. Now a door is opening to a phase where we are moving from armed resistance to an era of democratic political struggle," they said.
"We have sacrificed decades for [the Kurds] and have paid a big price. None of these sacrifices and struggles were in vain. Kurds regained their self-awareness, essence and identity.
Turkish media reaction Columnist Fatih Cekirge in the prominent Hurriyet daily says this is "a historic opportunity". "This shows that the [Turkish] state, which did not grasp the reality for 30 years, has finally undertaken a serious step for peace," they say. Another writer in the paper, Yalcin Dogan, says the "PKK clearly gave up dividing [Turkey]". The fact that Turkish national TV carried live pictures of the historic address, including Ocalan's posters and PKK flags, showed "a new period" had started and that Ocalan was now "legitimised", Radikal columnist Cengiz Candar writes. However, Twitter users have doubts about the truce, expressed in the top trending anti-PKK statement #DiyarbakirdaTarihiRezillik [#HistoricalDisgraceinDiyarbakir].
"Now it is time for our armed units to move across the border [to northern Iraq]. This is not an end but a new beginning. This is not abandoning the struggle, but a start to a different struggle."
Our correspondent says it is not immediately clear when this withdrawal will take place - or whether the PKK will ultimately choose to disarm.
There was an enormous cheer from the crowd when Ocalan's announcement was made, the BBC's Guney Yildiz reports from Diyarbarkir.
But as the announcement was finished, one man in the audience, Ismet, cautioned that there was nothing new in the message. "He has been making similar calls for peace since the 1990s," they told our correspondent.
However, the co-chair of the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party (BDP), Gultan Kisanak was more hopeful, telling the BBC that "this announcement is more than a call about the technical matter of a ceasefire".
"It is the declaration of a new strategy," they said.
Ocalan move?
Ocalan had told Kurdish politicians who visited them earlier this week at their prison on the island of Imrali that their declaration would be "historic".
In February the PKK (Kurdistan Workers' Party) leader, who has been in Turkish custody since their capture in Kenya in 1999, called for prisoners to be released by both sides.
The PKK Image copyright AFP The PKK took up arms against the Turkish state in 1984, demanding greater autonomy for Turkey's Kurds, who are thought to comprise up to 20% of the population
Since then, some 40,000 people have died in the conflict
It is regarded by Turkey, the US and European Union as a terrorist organisation, because of its attacks on Turkish security forces and civilians Profile: The PKK Ocalan statement: Key excerpts
The PKK freed eight Turkish soldiers and officials it had held captive in northern Iraq for up to two years.
The PKK launched its armed campaign in 1984 and is regarded by Turkey, the US and EU as a terrorist organisation. Last year saw some of the heaviest fighting in decades.
The organisation rolled back on its demands for an independent Kurdish state in the 1990s, calling instead for more autonomy.
Reports say the PKK wish list now includes greater constitutional and linguistic rights for Kurds, as well as an easing of pressure on Kurdish activists.
The government has also not dismissed speculation that Ocalan could be moved to house arrest.
On the eve of the truce call, Mr Erdoğan condemned a number of blasts in the capital blamed on a left-wing group which opposes the talks with the PKK. They promised to push ahead with "extremely critical and sensitive" peace efforts, which have been going on since October.
Abdullah Demirbas, a district mayor in Diyarbakir, told Reuters news agency there would be more attempts to sabotage talks, but this was a last chance for peace.
"The PKK, Ocalan and the government must be brave... There is massive social support for this process."
Look, I'm not going to lie to you. I'll spoil it. This dude gets eaten by a dog. You saw this coming. He's a bad guy. There's nothing unexpected about a villain being eaten by a dog, but there is nothing more horrible than seeing this guy get eaten by a dog right after, more or less, the moment you come to realize that he's a real human being. It really struck me hard when I read that passage—the sheer gut punch of seeing that incredibly subtle turning moment from hate to love on Joe Camber's part, and from love to hate on Brett Camber's part. It just blew me away.
But King's command of character doesn't just extend to the humans in Cujo. The fact that they narrate sections of the book from the point of view of this rabid, slowly deranging St. Bernard, is itself incredible. Would I have had the guts to try to write part of the book from that point of view? No. I would have said, “That's dumb,” and not done it. But that's something I love about Stephen King: If they have an idea, he'll throw it out there. I'm sure there's a ton of going back, and cutting, and rewording, and everything else—but if it's in their mind to write from the point of view of a dog, he's just gonna do it. He'll inhabit that dog's point of view completely. And somehow the sincerity of the effort makes the section work.
In their memoir On Writing, Stephen King talks about how alcoholism and other addictions led them to produce what they consider to be lesser works in the '80s. They mention Cujo specifically as book that they do not remember writing due to intoxication. I do not wish to promote the myth that substance abuse makes for better art—it doesn't. It makes for horrible, horrible sadness among families. But it did remind me that if Stephen King is telling the truth and they don't remember writing Cujo, that there is artistic merit in not trying too hard. No matter what your plot device is—whatever rabid dog you're sending out into the story—if you don't plan and scheme too hard, and let the characters and ideas gently introduce themselves to you, you will find storylines that you didn't expect. You'll find symmetries and quiet moments that will be so much better than anything you could ever plan.
I'm glad that Stephen King is better now, and they clearly know how to do it without booze and drugs, but there is value in not pushing too hard. The ideal is to have the kind of creative experience where, when you're done, you don't remember writing it. Somehow it just happened.
Recently, I had an experience where I had to learn to let go in that way. For years, I had written books of so-called Complete World Knowledge where I was purposefully lying about history, the present, and the future—all the while exaggerating myself in bizarre ways. It was an honest expression of my own derangement, one I hoped would honestly connect with people. Along the way, I discovered the pleasure of performing my own imitation of standup comedy, largely based on the stuff in the book—but by the time I'd finished the last one, I realized that I was out of material. I needed to fix that, if I wanted to keep doing live performance. So I did something that was suggested to me by the comedian and storyteller Mike Birbiglia: I booked a residency in a small performance space in Brooklyn called Union Hall, with absolutely no idea what I would say there.
As Liverpool's first home game of 2016-17 looms into view, one man in particular has expressed excitement at the prospect of what would be a maiden Anfield run-out.
After recovering from injury, summer signing Joel Matip made an overdue Premier League debut as Tottenham Hotspur were held to a 1-1 draw at White Hart Lane last month.
But the final stages of the redevelopment of the Main Stand at the Reds' home ground mean they have been made to wait for a chance to play in front of the club's fervent support.
That is now on the horizon, however, with Leicester City visiting Merseyside this coming weekend for the first Anfield fixture of the new campaign.
And Matip cannot wait to sample the famous old stadium.
"I've been waiting the whole pre-season to make my first steps at the stadium," they told Liverpoolfc.com.
"I think Liverpool is famous for its stadium, for its atmosphere. It will be a great atmosphere and I'll be happy when I can play there.
"To hear 'You'll Never Walk Alone' for the first time at the stadium will be a special moment and I will enjoy it."
Matip is already familiar with the Reds' anthem from their time at Schalke, having heard it sung by fans of their big rivals Borussia Dortmund before meetings between the teams.
But they insist that hearing it from Liverpool supporters will be a different experience.
They added: "At Dortmund I like [You'll Never Walk Alone] - you can compare them a little bit to Liverpool but it's not the same.
"Dortmund, sometimes they sing, but they're not really famous for this, Liverpool is famous for this song and the atmosphere at the stadium. It will be something else.
"It's a nice song and with the atmosphere, it will be good to hear."
Click here to follow all of the build-up to the official opening of the new Main Stand.
Researchers described a new species of Noctuidae moth from Iran which is the fifth described species of the genus Anagnorisma. The new species A. chamrani has its name in honour of Dr. Mostafa Chamran (1932-1981), an Iranian scientist and defence minister. The study was published in the open access journal Zookeys.
During an expedition at high altitude of above 2500 m of north-eastern Iran on a cold night in late summer 2012, a couple of undescribed specimens of Anagnorisma moths were collected. The specimens had been attracted to an ultraviolet light trap on the Binaloud Mountain near Mashhad city, the capital of the Khorasan-e-Razavi province of Iran. They have a wingspan of 34-35 mm. The new species was collected in a narrow river valley dominated by mountain sainfoin (Onobrychis cornuta), wild almond (Prunus (Amygdalus) scoparia), and downy brome (Bromus tectorum).
A. chamrani is the sister species of A. eucratides, which is only known from eastern Afghanistan at altitudes of 2050 to 2450 m of the Hindu Kush Mountains. A. eucratides is the most similar species to chamrani in the wing pattern, external and genitalia characteristics and it is also the closest geographically.
Owlet moths (family Noctuidae) are a large worldwide group of more than 20,000 species of nocturnal lepidopterans, attracted to lights and mostly have dull protective coloration, although some exceptions occur. Most adults feed on fruits, sap, nectar, or other sweet fluids. The larvae vary considerably in size, and range from dull to colourful and from smooth to hairy. Many species feed on foliage and seeds, whereas others bore through stems and fruits. Larvae of some species are known as cutworms and live in the soil near the soil surface, and they bite off young plants just above ground level at night.
###
Original source:
Gyulai P, Rabieh MM, Seraj AA, Ronkay L, Esfandiari M (2013) Anagnorisma chamrani sp. n. (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) from Iran. ZooKeys 317: 17-25. doi: 10.3897/zookeys.317.5515
“The Lost Town” – Square Pegs in Round Holes (Flickr) – blog post
News is a little light coming out of the Lab on projects right now, although there was a blog post on things made on Monday, February 9th, which I also blogged about. However, new for the start of the week is still a little on the light side.
Server Deployments
There are no scheduled server deployments for the week.
SL Viewer
It had been anticipated that week #6 would see the Tools update project viewer (version 3.7.25.298587) and the Avatar Hover Height project viewer (version 3.7.25.298129) both superseded by a release candidate. However, neither update occurred.
It is possible these updates will occur during week #7; however, for the time being, all of the LL viewers remain as they were at the end of week #6, and as recorded in my Current Viewer Releases page, namely:
Release version: 3.7.24.297623 (January 13th)
Release candidate versions: Maintenance RC, version 3.7.25.298030 – this has a number of issues associated with it, which may prevent its promotion to the de facto release viewer (January 27th) Experience Keys / Tools RC, version 3.8.0.298001 (January 14th) – this has been awaiting final server-side updates to the Experience capabilities
Project viewers: Tool Update, version 3.7.25.298587 (January 28th) Mesh importer, version 3.7.25.298441 (February 3rd) – a number of bug reports have already been filed for this viewer – see the JIRA filter list for details. Avatar Hover Height, version 3.7.25.298129 (January 21st) Viewer-managed Marketplace, version 3.7.21.296858 (November 19th, 2014) Oculus Rift project viewer, version 3.7.18.295296 (October 13th, 2014).
Grid Status Page Relocated
As some have noticed, on Monday, February 9th, the Lab relocated the SL grid status page to a blog address, with a redirect from the “old” URL of status.secondlifegrid.net/.
However, the result has caused some confusion, notably as a result of breakage across sites and links referring to the “old” URL. Even some of the updates on the secondlife.com dashboard users see having been generating 404 errors as a result of the move.
Commenting on the change during the Simulator User Group meeting on Tuesday, February 10th, Simon Linden – who was out of the office when the change was made – said, “I don't know what's going to happen with the status page … but we know the shift caused issues … we heard a lot about it breaking things that relied on it. I'm not sure what the solution will be.”
So… watch that space…
Advertisements
Javier “Chicharito” Hernandez should step down from the top level in order to show the soccer world how good they are, according to Mexico national team head coach Miguel Herrera.
Herrera told Spanish newspaper Marca on Monday that Chicharito should play for a club smaller than Real Madrid or Manchester United.
“Maybe they should go to a smaller, but still important club, where they would be a set starter and show that they are a great striker,” Herrera said.
Chicharito joined Real Madrid from Manchester United last summer on a season-long loan, but they have spent much of the season on the bench.
Herrera understands why Chicharito hasn't played much in the last three seasons but also notes the improvement the Mexican marksman has made while playing for two superpowers of the soccer world.
“It doesn't surprise me that before they played very little because the competition at a club like Madrid is enormous,” Herrera said. “He's a striker who, even without playing, has progressed a lot.”
Barring a drastic turn of events, Real Madrid won't sign Chicharito to a permanent deal this summer, and Manchester United will try to sell them to another club.
Chicharito likely will reject offers to leave Europe for MLS. They still might have a host of European options to consider should they heed their national team coach's advice — especially if their recent hot streak in front of goal continues through the end of Real Madrid's season and stretches into this summer's CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Thumbnail photo via Twitter/@Futbol_ahora
Proposed legislation that would allow good Samaritans to rescue pets locked in hot cars passed through the House Monday with an 80-14 vote.
Author of House Bill 1085, Rep. Tony Cook, R-Cicero, said that the bill could prevent many needless injuries and deaths of domestic pets by giving rescuers immunity if they believe the pet to be in imminent danger.
The bill would also require the potential rescuers to call 911 before taking it upon themselves to use force to rescue the animal.
But some lawmakers questioned who would be held accountable if the rescued animal ran away or bit its rescuer after the vehicle has been broken into.
Rep. Linda Lawson, D-Hammond, said that a dog left in a hot car for too long would have a similar to a person experiencing a heat stroke.
“You're not going to be able to move around, you're not going to try and get away,” Lawson said. “You're going to be a pretty sick dog.”
The bill will now move to the Senate.
Katie Stancombe is a reporter for TheStatehouseFile.com, a news website powered by Franklin College journalism students.
Adam B. Lerner is a reporter for Politico.
With the Democrats' brutal thumping now officially in the history books, Politico Magazine looks back at some of the most egregious examples of mouth-running from the 2014 election cycle.
***
Story Continued Below
Sen. Chuck Schumer on Meet the Press:
“Well, I think we will hold the Senate. You know, I know all the pundits are saying Republicans will take the Senate. Democrats are going to prove the pundits wrong on Election Day when we keep the Senate, three reasons. First and foremost, economic issues predominate. Ebola's in the news, ISIS is in the news, but the average voter, every poll shows far and away, cares most about economic issues. They tend to be for Democrats when economic issues like minimum wage, like equal pay for women, like not sending jobs overseas predominate. Second, we have a much better ground game. You can add two to three points at a minimum…for each of those races. Just about every one of those races. So if it's 44, 43 [percentage points], we're probably ahead. And third, as the race get down to the final moments, the voters focus on the two candidates. Not on the national referendum. When the two candidates are compared almost inevitably, we do better. So economic issues, better ground game, better candidates will put us over the top November.”
( Also on POLITICO: Election results 2014 by state, county and district)
Former Gov. Bill Richardson on This Week :
“The Hispanic vote—everyone's talking about what they're going to do. I think that Sen.Mark Udall will pull through because of the Hispanic vote. In Illinois, that's a growing Hispanic population. I think Gov. Quinn is gonna win that one. Georgia, nine percent of the vote there is now Hispanic. I think that's going to help Sam Nunn's daughter… In New Mexico, I'm going to go way out on a limb and predict Attorney General Gary King defeating Susana Martinez…[Republicans] are not doing well because of their very harsh stance on immigration reform.”
Marc Lamont Hill on State of the Union , discussing a Washington Post headline about the protests in Ferguson:
“‘Dubious Practices in Ferguson' that actually is mobilizing people of color to polls. … In North Carolina that could be a difference maker.”
Barack Obama at a DNC fundraiser:
“We're gonna make one last push in these last several weeks. We've got a lot of just nail-biter races…If we do what we're supposed to do, then I'm actually confident that we can get it done.”
( POLITICO Pro: Harry Reid to run for minority leader)
Kimberley A. Strassel in the Wall Street Journal :
“Oregon is a perfect example. The liberal state is competitive because it is a stunning microcosm of the Obamacare disaster. The FBI is investigating 'Cover Oregon,' the state online exchange that officials spent three years and $250 million creating, yet which never signed up a person. The cost of health care has soared in the state, and many Oregonians have lost their doctors. The majority of residents hate Obamacare, and Mr. Merkley—a first-year student senator who has done little in D.C.—is sitting on way-upside-down approval ratings.”
John Fund in National Review :
“‘Landslide reelection races for governor produce low turnout,' Harrison Schmitt, a former Republic senator from New Mexico, once told me. That (plus Obama's 38 percent approval rating) gives Udall's opponent, business person Allen Weh, a chance to pull an upset — especially if they pull money out of their own wallet for last-minute ads.”
Chris Hayes on All In:
“The ground game may save Begich in the end. According to Yahoo News, Democrats have spent, get this, ten times more than Republicans on field operations in the state of Alaska. …This election cycle is the most tightly contested in recent memory, far more than the midterm elections of 2006 or 2010. All of it underscoring the tremendous volatility and potential for last minute shifts. ”
( POLITICO Pro: Larry Hogan beats Brown in Maryland shocker)
House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, via CNN's Deirdre Walsh:
“Point[ing] to a fundraising advantage for Democrats, lower poll numbers for congressional Republicans, divisions inside the GOP ranks, and a good recruiting class of Democratic challengers, [Hoyer] said ‘all of those combined in my view give me great optimism that we're going to win back the House.'”
Fred Yang, Democratic pollster, on Meet the Press:
“The things we need to have happened on Election Day in a lot of these close states is maybe coming into fruition. For a while now there's been a voter interest enthusiasm gap between Republicans and Democrats. Now Democrats are catching up…With registered voters, which is a broader electorate than likely voters, the Democrats still have a four point edge.”
DNC Chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz on This Week:
“I think we're going to hold the Senate and the reason that we're going to hold the Senate…is because we have a ground game that, I know [RNC Chairman] Reince [Priebus] would take ours over theirs any day of the week. …Rick Scott is going to go down to defeat on Tuesday.”
( Also on POLITICO: No Obama pivot after midterms)
Mark Halperin on Face the Nation :
“If the Senate's on the line there's a chance that…Michelle Nunn could win in the runoffs.”
DSCC Communications Director Justin Barasky, via Fox News :
“Democrats continue to be in a strong position to hold the majority. For the past two cycles, Democrats have outperformed election forecasts and polling averages and are poised to do so once again. Democrats are running stronger, smarter campaigns with better candidates who are focused, not on the politics of fear, but on the issues that matter most to the middle class.”
George F. Will in the Washington Post :
“Given the enormous and growing role of medicine in this aging nation's economy, it is unfortunate that only three senators are physicians: Wyoming Republican John Barrasso, an orthopedic surgeon, Oklahoma Republican Tom Coburn, an obstetrician, and Kentucky Republican Rand Paul, an ophthalmologist. Coburn is retiring, but another doctor [Oregon's Monica Wehby] may be coming, straight from the operating room to their first elected office.”
Follow @politico
St Johnstone took the lead in Switzerland after being held back in the first half
Steven MacLean was on target as St Johnstone earned a first-leg 1-1 draw away to FC Luzern in the second round of Europa League qualifying.
The Saints striker poked a shot home from 10 yards in a busy penalty box early in the second half.
Captain Dave Mackay then went close for the Perth side with an effort from a corner that was saved.
The Swiss hosts levelled when Marco Schneuwly scored on 67 minutes, but the visitors were not breached again.
The Scottish Cup winners were under the cosh throughout the first half but grew into their first match of the season against the side that finished fourth in the Super League last term.
Tommy Wright's team beat Rosenborg of Norway and FC Minsk away from home in last year's contest before crashing out on penalties to the Belarusians in a qualifier and this was another assured display on their travels.
With Stevie May on the bench recovering from a thigh strain, MacLean played a lone striker's role and they did not see much of the ball before the interval as the Swiss side did most of the pressing.
St Johnstone's David Wotherspoon and Luzern's Jerome Thiesson
Luzern's Jerome Thiesson headed wide and St Johnstone keeper Alan Mannus did well to beat away a fierce shot from Jahmir Hyka.
Schneuwly then thundered a 20-yard strike against the crossbar for the hosts.
The visitors almost stunned Luzern after half an hour when Mackay hooked a boot at David Wotherspoon's free-kick, but the defender failed to beat home keeper David Zibung.
Brian Easton was next to save Saints when they blocked a Remo Freuler effort before the half-time whistle.
The 800 or so St Johnstone fans at the Swissporarena were celebrating on 47 minutes when the home side failed to clear a Saints corner and left MacLean unchecked as they got on the end of Wotherspoon's assist to prod the ball into the net.
The lead would have doubled moments later had Zibung not come to the rescue after Mackay struck another decent effort.
Hyka fired wide as Luzern sought a way back, and Schneuwly did find the net when they were allowed to turn in the box and fire inside Mannus's right-hand post.
Schneuwly and Dario Lezcano both had opportunities for the hosts but St Johnstone held firm to set up an exciting second leg at McDiarmid Park next week.
Something I have noticed with some amusement is the conjunction in utterances by Western talking heads of the conviction that they know exactly what Putin wants with the admission that they haven't a clue what they want.
Reading what they say and watching what they do is apparently out of the question.
Here's NATO commander Breedlove in April as an example. Just for fun I invite you all to read through thickets of impenetrable prose to find more examples of we know but we don't know.
They know what Putin wants
We also know that Putin only responds to strength and seeks opportunities in weakness.
You know, I believe that Mr. Putin very much wants in a very simple way, they want the West out of Ukraine, and they want Ukraine out of the West.
Mr. Putin wants Ukraine as a part of their sphere of influence.
They don't know what Putin wants
We cannot fully be certain what Russia will do next, and we cannot fully grasp Putin's intent.
So we can't know what Mr. Putin has in mind.
We don't know what Mr. Putin's objectives are.
Poor old Breedlove, wakes up to find Russia's locked down Syria while they busy was keeping it out of Estonia.
PS if they can't bear to read what Putin actually says, here's a piece in Newsweek (of all places) from last December that might have helped them be less surprised "The rise of ISIS confirms what Moscow has long said to the West: Backing Assad's opponents will lead to state collapse and jihadism."
This email has also been verified by Google DKIM 2048-bit RSA key
Fwd: Tomorrow
From:tcarrk@hillaryclinton.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2015-06-22 18:55 Subject: Fwd: Tomorrow
“The President needs to turn the lights back on in the Oval Office and address the nation in short order,\" Rep. Rahm Emanuel said. Dems accuse Bush of hiding
After eight years of jabbing at President Bush, House and Senate Democrats have seized on a new theme: He's hiding behind Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson in pushing the bank bailout plan.
“An economy in crisis cannot be led by a silent president,” Rep. Rahm Emanuel (D-Ill.), the fourth-ranking Democrat in the House, said in a statement labeled “President Bush's Lack of Leadership.”
“The president needs to turn the lights back on in the Oval Office and address the nation in short order.”
Story Continued Below
Paulson, a former Goldman Sachs chairperson, remains popular on Wall Street. Bush has kept an extremely low profile since markets tumbled a week ago.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) took a similar approach with a statement over the weekend.
“I call on the president to better explain to the public the severity of the threat all Americans face, and why they believe their approach is needed,” Reid said.
By undermining Bush, Democrats are able to put some distance between themselves and the administration without directly attacking a plan that the nation's financial leadership has said is necessary to avoid a credit meltdown.
There was a report of "multiple" shots being fired in Washington, D.C, Thursday, where staffers were told by Capitol Hill police to "shelter in place."
Police say the U.S. Capitol has been put on a security lockdown amid reports of possible shots fired outside the building.
People standing outside the Supreme Court across the street from Congress were hurried into the court building by authorities.
U.S. Capitol police said they had received reports of gunshots and one police officer has been injured.
No joke on Capitol Hill as Cops are running with machine guns as reports of shots being fired at Capitol pic.twitter.com/vdjAKkLP4y — Marc Schloss (@marcschloss) October 3, 2013
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told a CNN reporter that at least one person was injured.
[ UPDATES: U.S. Capitol thrown into panic after reports of shots fired ]
Despite reassurances from the minister in charge of the Phoenix payroll system that unpaid federal government employees would receive back pay this week, some workers say they've been let down once again.
In a briefing last week, public services and procurement minister Judy Foote said that 720 federal employees had contacted the government about not being paid since the Phoenix pay system was implemented earlier this year, and that 486 of them would get a lump sum of back pay on July 27.
It was an exciting development for Jarrad Yardon, but it didn't quite work out the way they hoped. When they checked their pay stub for this week's pay day, it only showed $702 in back pay, much less than the roughly $4,000 they expected.
"I was pretty excited. I'm finally going to pay tuition. Troubles are over. It's calm and smooth sailing ahead. But seeing the pay stub — I was pretty shocked and dismayed just to have those same plans derailed again," they said.
The back pay Jarrad Yardon received was significantly less than they expected. (Ashley Burke/CBC) Yardon, who has worked as a student for a federal government department since January, hadn't been properly paid until going public with their story earlier this month. They received an emergency advance of $5,450, which had been deducted from this pay.
But they say the additional back pay they were owed was calculated at the wrong rate of pay.
"Seven hundred (dollars) means that I'm going to be able to pay off some basic living expenses right there, right now. But the expenses I've incurred over the last seven months doesn't even make a dent into it," they added.
If you want to add your story to our coverage please email us.
'Another zero dollar cheque'
A department of national defence employee, who wished to remain anonymous, also got a disappointing pay stub. "I came in this morning and found another zero dollar cheque," they said.
He's received about $300 in back pay so far, but not the $1,700 they say he's owed since returning to work from leave earlier this month.
"Very disheartening," they said. "I just bought a house closing next month, and my brokerage wanted to see a pay cheque. It's embarrassing trying to show someone you're working, but you can't prove it. When they say show me the money going into the bank account, you just can't do it."
They say they had to provide the bank news clippings about the Phoenix payroll fiasco in order to get their mortgage.
Yardon, meanwhile, is starting a second job landscaping, and he's worried they won't be able to return to school in the fall.
'At this point, it's just survival'
"At this point, it's just survival," Yardon said. "It's doing what you need to do. I'm trying to not get emotionally invested in not being paid. That will just slow me down. I need to focus on getting money and covering my expenses."
Public Services and Procurement Canada calls the payroll situation "unacceptable," and said today it would not be charging any interest on salary advances.
With files from Ashley Burke
As doctors claim Egyptian Eman Ahmed, 36, ‘the world's heaviest woman', has lost massive amount of weight since their surgery, their sister Shaimaa Salim called surgeon Dr Muffazal Lakdawala and the hospital “liars” and claimed they had “put Eman on massive medication to stop their brain activity”.
Officials said this was a tactic by the family to delay Eman's discharge because no medical facility in Egypt is willing to provide free medical services.
Officials from Saifee Hospital said they have spent more than Rs 2 crore on Eman's travel, treatment and surgery and separately collected more money through donations around the world.
As doctors from the hospital shared a picture on Monday of Eman watching television, a video, made by Shaimaa, has left everybody in a “state of shock”.
“She [Eman] is very sick. They suffered thrombosis 10 days ago. It's the second time after they got here,” Shaimaa said in the video. They further alleged Eman is being fed through a feeding tube because of which they are unable to talk or breathe.
Lakdawala said they have already spoken to Counsel General Mr. Ahmad Khalil and They The Ambassador Mr Hatem Tageldin about allaying the anxiety and fears of the sister Shaimaa in these difficult times.
“It's my worst nightmare. Not a single hospital or doctor was ready to treat Eman and now when they have lost so much weight, the family is raising questions on a consolidated humanitarian effort, which has saved their lives,” said Lakdawala.
Dr Muffazal Lakdawala with Eman Ahmed and their sister (left cornr) ahead of the bariatric surgery in Mumbai. ( Prashant Waydande/HT File Photo )
“When we demanded a CT scan, they said there is no open machine available in Mumbai. It's not true,” said Shaimaa. Doctors earlier had said they are waiting for Eman's weight to reduce further so can fit in a CT scan machine.
“My problem is the hospital isn't equipped to handle such a (severe) case. These people (only) care about show and propaganda and to appear in the media,” said Shaimaa in the video.
They further alleged Eman's weight loss is also a lie and they have not lost 240kg or 260kg.
“Eman is critical for the past one-and-a-half months and they have been put on massive medication to stop brain activity. Them face and hand are blue,” said Shaimaa.
They claimed on April 14, when the video was made at 10.30am, no staff or doctors had come to check on Eman and they were ‘really helpless'. “May God forgive them for what they have done. Pray for Eman to leave this place safely and also to cure her,” said Shaimaa in the video.
They also raised questions on the credibility of the hospital officials, saying they aren't at all polite and are liars. “Dr Muffazal cheated on us. (He is a) liar, they said Eman will be treated and promised that they will be fine and lose weight. Eman is destroyed they have been operated just to show people they lost some weight,” added Shaimaa.
Eman and their sister Shaimaa in Egypt last year. (HT File Photo) ( HT File Photo )
Lakdawala said Shaimaa's allegations of thrombosis are not true and Eman now weighs about 171kg.
“The weight has come down only because of the diet and calorie intake. The family, after witnessing a weight loss, is now forcing us to make their walk which is not possible as of now,” they added.
“Eman chokes because their sister force-feeds them from mouth.  They are still unable to swallow liquids or speak properly and needs a feeding tube,” said doctors from the hospital. They added that as a result of the stroke, Eman's right side is paralysed and they still develop occasional seizures.
Huzaifa Shehabi, CEO of Saifee Hospital said a video or allegations won't deter them from their job which is treating the patient. “We do feel disheartened and dejected because since December last year, many doctors, staff, worldwide experts, are looking into the case and then it eventually boils down to these baseless allegations. Our duty is to treat the patient and we will continue doing that,” said Shehabi.
First Published: Apr 25, 2017 07:35 IST
'I'm definitely a night person. I'll take a nap in the afternoon, which you've got to do if you start your day at 9pm. Then I'll drink some coffee to amp me up or take a really long shower and then air dry. And I think fragrance is a very important part of my getting-ready ritual because it's what people remember most about you. I like to mist myself with 3AM right out of the shower, so I can really soak in the scent.
What I do after that depends. Sometimes I'll be in the studio until 3am—or I'll be out in Paris at the fashion shows and, you know, just hanging out until morning with Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss. Those times are always surreal. I remember a time—I had just done a photo shoot for Vogue, and afterward Kate, Naomi, and I just went out and did something a little touristy and cliché. We went and had champagne at the Eiffel Tower…someone had brought music, and we had a little party up there, just the three of us. Oh no—Lenny Kravitz was there, too. Oh, what a night…
My skincare routine is mainly at night, just before I go to bed. I wash my face, and I like putting hydrating night serums on—things meant for rejuvenation. I like the Nars Skin line. I use their Optimal Brightening Concentrate and have not skipped a night since I bought it, no matter how late I get home. But my favorite products are from Natura Bissē because they're so effective. And masks are a thing I'm starting to get into. There's a sheet mask I had on at a facial recently—I looked like the Boogie Man. Or maybe a mummy? No, I looked like Jason! I collect them—no, really! My bathroom is filled with so many different toiletries, so every night is a different experience. I also drink a big bottle of Aqua Hydrate before bed. You have to hydrate from the inside out.
My daughters have a penchant for grooming, too—we all do. They're very interested in makeup, but I don't want them to start too soon! I try to keep them focused on their nails and hair instead. I'll take them to get their hair braided or to take them for manicures and pedicures. They'll get fun-colored polish or little designs, which always puts big smiles on their faces. I think it makes them feel a little grown up. But not too grown up—that's the key! I'm pretty nervous for when that happens.”
—as told to ITG
Diddy photographed by Tom Newton. What does Amar'e Stoudemire use before a game? Glad you asked...
CITY OF SAN FERNANDO, Pampanga — Policemen in Pampanga and Bulacan are after three Chinese nationals suspected of operating a laboratory and warehouse of shabu (methamphetamine hydrochloride), which was discovered in Apalit, Pampanga, on Saturday (Nov. 12).
Robert Ngan Yiu Ting, also known as Robert Gan, and their supposed cohorts Lolita and Raymond Gan, are now subjects of a manhunt, according to Chief Supt. Aaron Aquino, Central Luzon police director.
ADVERTISEMENT
The laboratory was discovered at the Gans' residence in Sitio Sto. Niño in Barangay San Juan, when Enrique Calaguas, sheriff of the Regional Trial Court Branch 79 in the City of Malolos in Bulacan province, served a writ of execution in a civil case between the Gans and Feedmix Specialist II Inc., a report released here on Monday (Nov. 14) stated.
Police found chemicals and equipment used in the manufacture of shabu, but have not released any information as to how many kilograms of shabu it could produce, nor when it began operating in the village.
This was the third shabu laboratory found in Pampanga this year.
Two other facilities were found in the towns of Magalang and Arayat in September.
In previous years, four laboratories were uncovered in Angeles City. SFM
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
By Susan Smallheer
Rutland Herald
August 1, 2010
U.S. Sen. Bernard Sanders, I-Vt., pledged to personally take Vermont's case for a statewide single-payer health care system to President Obama if the Legislature authorizes it next year.
Sanders, speaking at a health care rally at the Hetty Green Park in downtown Bellows Falls on Saturday afternoon, said that they and other members of Congress would also introduce legislation that would roll back to 2014 the current 2017 restriction for states to apply for a waiver in order to implement their own systems. They said Democratic Reps. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio and John Conyers of Michigan would be co-sponsoring the legislation with him.
http://www.rutlandherald.com/article/20100801/NEWS02/708019832/1003/NEWS02
Comment:
By Don McCanne, MD
Although the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act would allow states to apply for waivers to implement their own systems, they cannot do so until 2017, three years after they are required to implement the private insurance exchanges. Many have asked if Sen. Sanders still intends to introduce legislation to move that date up so that states would not have to set up the exchanges only to replace them soon thereafter with a single payer system. The answer is yes.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Microsoft's shares rose on the back of better-than-expected quarterly profits
Microsoft, the world's largest software firm, has posted better-than-expected earnings for the October-to-December quarter.
The firm reported a net income of $6.56bn (£3.94bn) for the quarter, up from $6.38bn a year earlier.
Its earnings were boosted by strong sales of its new Xbox game console and its Surface tablets during the holiday season.
The company also saw strong demand from businesses for its cloud services.
Overall, the firm's revenue rose 14% during the quarter to $24.5bn. Its shares rose close to 4% on the news in after-hours trading.
Microsoft's chief executive, Steve Ballmer, called it a great quarter and said that investments the firm was making in devices and services was driving the strong results.
The quarterly results showed a 13% increase in consumer sales. This was boosted by 7.4 million unit sales of Xbox consoles, up from 5.9 million a year earlier.
The new Xbox One, which was launched in November, contributed more than half of overall Xbox sales numbers in the quarter.
Sales of the firm's cloud programs, such as Office 365 and Azure, more than doubled in the December quarter from a year earlier, while sales of its Surface tablets doubled from the previous quarter.
Leaving note
Mr Ballmer announced in August last year that they would retire within 12 months, but as the company reported its latest results, it did not say anything about their replacement.
They have been with the Microsoft for 33 years and succeeded founder Bill Gates as chief executive in 2000, but there have been concerns over what state they would leave the firm in.
Windows software is still used on the majority of personal computers, but investors have criticised the company for not reacting quickly enough to the way Apple and Google have led the way in the fast-growing tablet and smartphone sectors.
The software giant announced a transformation plan last year which Mr Ballmer said would address these issues.
Analysts said the firm's latest earnings report, which could be the last one Mr Ballmer presides over, would allow them to leave on a positive note.
"It's a good print to ride off into the sunset with, for the current chief executive," said Colin Gillis from BGC Financial.
However, others have questioned the company's new focus on manufacturing hardware like tablets and smartphones.
"I would call it a Herculean challenge to turn around that mobile business,'' said Daniel Ives, senior technology analyst with FBR Capital Markets.
"They have a lot of wood to chop ahead," they added.
Sen. Tom Coburn has proposed an amendment to the Marketplace Fairness Act that would end the NFL's exemption from taxation. That's right -- the $10 billion-a-year NFL is a tax-exempt organization, as is the NHL and the PGA Tour.
Before you start comparing the NFL to the American Red Cross, it's important to know how and why the NFL is a tax-exempt organization. According to league spokesperson Brian McCarthy, the NFL is organized as a trade or industry association that is exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code, not Section 501(c)(3), which exempts charitable organizations. In no way is the NFL claiming to be a charity.
Instead, Section 501(c)(6) exempts from taxation "business leagues, chambers of commerce, real estate boards, boards of trade, or professional football leagues (whether or not administering a pension fund for football players), not organized for profit ."
Jeffrey Tenenbaum, a Washington D.C. attorney who chairs the nonprofit organizations group at Venable LLP, says Section 501(c)(6) essentially exempts from taxation, "an organization whose primary purpose is to further the industry or profession it represents."
In response to a request for comment from the league following Coburn's proposal, McCarthy said the league has been exempt since before the NFL-AFL merger and pointed out that Section 501(c)(6) specifically mentions professional football. They also explained the league's business activities and why it mirrors that of a trade or industry organization.
"The NFL League Office is a not-for-profit organization. The NFL League Office receives funding from the 32 member clubs to cover its non-revenue overhead activities such as office rent, League Office salaries and game officiating. In addition, the NFL League Office collects revenues on behalf of the 32 member clubs and distributes those revenues to the clubs. All national revenues (e.g. broadcast TV payments) collected and paid to the member clubs, as well as local revenues earned individually by the clubs, are subject to tax at the club level."
Money generated from sources like NFL Network, national sponsorship deals and merchandise fall under the umbrella of a for-profit company called NFL Ventures, which is owned by the 32 teams, not by the league office. Accordingly, this money is already subject to taxation.
No doubt the league office does further the interests of the 32 teams it calls members. However, Tenenbaum says questions arise as to whether the NFL is furthering the entire football industry.
"To be a 501(c)(6) organization, anyone who meets your requirements for who's part of the industry has to be allowed to join the association as a member. With professional sporting leagues, that's not the case; it's a very closed circle," Tenenbaum said. "You can't start a professional football team and join the NFL. As a result, many people have wondered out loud if the NFL should even qualify under [Section] 501(c)(6) since it's only furthering a segment of the industry and functions more like an exclusive club."
Coburn, a Republican from Oklahoma, touches on the same argument in the 2012 installment of their annual "Waste Book" report. In their report, they assert, "These organizations are taking advantage of the provision of the tax code that allows industry and trade groups, such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce or the Natural Resources Defense Council, to qualify as non-profit and tax-exempt. None of these groups can promote a specific brand within an industry but each may promote an industry as a whole."
The NFL's exemption has a long history. Section 501(c)(6) was amended following the AFL-NFL merger in 1966 to include "professional football leagues (whether or not administering a pension fund for football players)," language to make clear that the league was still qualified under the section, despite paying pension benefits to individuals. However, professional sports leagues were already qualified under that section prior to the additional language. Major League Baseball has since given up its exemption, in 2007, reportedly because of changes to the code that required disclosure of executive salaries. The NBA has never been tax exempt.
In addition to depriving the federal government of tax revenue with its exemption, Coburn points out in their report the NFL is also able to use the exemption to avoid some city and state taxes.
"[T]he NFL may have lived every taxpayer's dream at this year's Super Bowl in Indianapolis. According to the Indianapolis Business Journal, 'Hotels and restaurants [did not tax] National Football League employees. The NFL [used] its tax-exempt status as a 501(c)(6) to avoid paying taxes, in addition to fuel, auto rental and admissions taxes.'"
Coburn's report says the NFL and NHL alone "may" generate an additional $91 million annually for the federal government if their amendment passes and the leagues are no longer tax-exempt. However, Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation recently estimated it at $109 million over the next 10 years.
In addition to the numbers that are just about as clear as mud, another unknown is whether revenue distributed to the teams, such as that generated by television contracts, would be taxed twice -- once as revenue of the league and again as team revenue. Tenenbaum says there may be ways to structure the relationship between the league and teams to avoid such double taxation.
What the league won't be able to avoid is being taxed on the $6 million in annual dues each team currently pays to the league office. Currently, those dues are used to fund interest-free loans to teams building new stadiums. There are various ways the league could restructure, however, to continue to provide those interest-free loans while minimizing the tax liability. For example, the league could hold back a portion of revenue instead of distributing it to the teams and then have the teams pay back into the league in the form of taxable dues.
If the NFL were to lose its tax exemption, it would then be eligible for a host of business-related tax deductions that would offset some of the league's taxable income.
For now, the threat is not immediate.
Coburn is still working to attach the amendment to a bill in order to get it passed through the Senate. No doubt the NFL has already geared up its lobbying efforts, an activity it devoted $1.9 million to last year, according to OpenSecrets.org.
The Office for National Statistics said the number of 25 to 34-year-olds who own their home has fallen from two million to 1.3 million in a decade.
Only 40 per cent of young adults own their own home compared with 58 per cent in 2001.
The figures illustrate for the first time the sharp decline in home ownership among young people since Mrs Thatcher's home ownership drive of the Seventies and Eighties.
The number of young people renting has risen sharply from 1.5 million to two million over the same period as high property prices and low wages lock young people out of the housing market.
The figures, based on England and Wales census data, also show that the number of people renting homes in 2011 was more than 8.3 million — the highest since 1961.
Experts said the data showed that Mrs Thatcher's dream of a property-owning democracy was now a “relic”, and that it could take years for young professionals to be able to afford to leave the family home.
Nationwide, Britain's biggest building society, said house prices were rising at the fastest pace for nearly three years, tightening the squeeze on would-be house buyers.
Nick Faith, of the think tank, Policy Exchange, said: “The stark drop in younger people owning a home presents a long-term challenge for all political parties but especially the Conservatives.
“Research shows that private renters and people living in social housing are less likely to vote Tory. That is why the Government needs to have an honest conversation about the need to build more quality housing, especially in urban and suburban areas. That's where younger people tend to want to live.”
Emma Stone, of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, warned a million people in “Generation Rent” could be locked out of home ownership until 2020.
They said: “Renting is likely to be the only game in town for young people trying to get a foothold in a fierce and competitive market.
“It means young people's dreams of owning a home may never come true, while many more will have a much longer wait before they own their own properties. More people will be pushed into private renting or staying at home with mum and dad well into their thirties.”
They added: “Margaret Thatcher's vision for a property-owning democracy increasingly looks like a relic from the 1980s — unless we address the chronic shortage of homes to improve affordability and supply.”
Despite the credit crisis, record low interest rates have helped underpin the housing market. Government schemes such as Help to Buy have begun to kick-start a recovery in price.
Capital Economics claims house values are on average six times higher than incomes, meaning property prices are “over-valued” by as much as 15 to 20 per cent.
A report this week revealed Virginia Water in Surrey is the first place outside of London where house prices average more than £1 million.
Matt Pointon, of Capital Economics said: “We're not surprised to see the proportion of young homeowners fall, and we believe it will continue to go down.” The ONS figures confirmed figures released in April which showed the proportion of owner occupiers in England and Wales has fallen for the first time in nearly 100 years, from 69 per cent in 2001 to 64 per cent.
Today's data provided the first breakdown of home ownership by age. More than 75 per cent of 65 to 74-year-olds own their own homes, the highest across any age group. Some 87 per cent of 16 to 24-year-olds rent. The ONS data also showed that one in five families, or 1.2 million, are renting from a private landlord — double the level in 2001.
Shelter, the charity for the homeless, said couples who start a family in their twenties could face a 12-year wait to save enough money for a deposit, nearly double the time faced by a childless couple.
Campbell Robb, its chief executive, said: “For a generation, home ownership is drifting further and further away and we feel the Government missed an opportunity in the spending review to invest more in affordable housing.
“For successive governments, polticians have claimed that home ownership is a central theme, important for people and communities. The trouble is that the rhetoric and reality are further apart than they have ever been.”
Housing Minister Mark Prisk said: "These figures cover the end of the unsustainable housing boom which led to a near trebling of house prices in the decade from 1997 and a decline in the number of homeowners since 2003.
"In stark contrast, the number of first-time buyers is now at its highest level since 2007, housing is the most affordable its been for a decade for first-time buyers and home buying costs have fallen by a third in the last four years.
"But we're determined to help to aspire homeowners which is why our Help to Buy scheme is supporting people buy newly-built homes with a fraction of the deposit they would normally require."
Edgar Allan Poe knew what they were doing when they used the raven instead of some other bird to croak out “nevermore” in their famous poem. The raven has long been associated with death and dark omens, but the real bird is somewhat of a mystery. Unlike its smaller cousin the crow, not a lot has been written about this remarkable bird. Here are 10 fascinating facts about ravens.
1. Ravens are one of the smartest animals.
When it comes to intelligence, these birds rate up there with chimpanzees and dolphins. In one logic test, the raven had to get a hanging piece of food by pulling up a bit of the string, anchoring it with its claw, and repeating until the food was in reach. Many ravens got the food on the first try, some within 30 seconds. In the wild, ravens have pushed rocks on people to keep them from climbing to their nests, stolen fish by pulling a fishermen's line out of ice holes, and played dead beside a beaver carcass to scare other ravens away from a delicious feast.
If a raven knows another raven is watching it hide its food, it will pretend to put the food in one place while really hiding it in another. Since the other ravens are smart too, this only works sometimes.
2. Ravens can imitate human speech.
In captivity, ravens can learn to talk better than some parrots. They also mimic other noises, like car engines, toilets flushing, and animal and birdcalls. Ravens have been known to imitate wolves or foxes to attract them to carcasses that the raven isn't capable of breaking open. When the wolf is done eating, the raven gets the leftovers.
3. Europeans often saw ravens as evil in disguise.
Many European cultures took one look at this large black bird with an intense gaze and thought it was evil in the flesh … er, feather. In France, people believed ravens were the souls of wicked priests, while crows were wicked nuns. In Germany, ravens were the incarnation of damned souls or sometimes Satan himself. In Sweden, ravens that croaked at night were thought to be the souls of murdered people who didn't have proper Christian burials. And in Denmark, people believed that night ravens were exorcized spirits, and you'd better not look up at them in case there was a hole in the bird's wing, because you might look through the hole and turn into a raven yourself.
4. Ravens have been featured in many myths.
Cultures from Tibet to Greece have seen the raven as a messenger for the gods. Celtic goddesses of warfare often took the form of ravens during battles. The Viking god, Odin, had two ravens, Hugin (thought) and Munin (memory), which flew around the world every day and reported back to Odin every night about what they saw. The Chinese said ravens caused bad weather in the forests to warn people that the gods were going to pass by. And some Native American tribes worshipped the raven as a deity in and of itself. Called simply Raven, they are described as a sly trickster who is involved in the creation of the world.
5. Ravens are extremely playful.
The Native Americans weren't far off about the raven's mischievous nature. They have been observed in Alaska and Canada using snow-covered roofs as slides. In Maine, they have been seen rolling down snowy hills. They often play keep-away with other animals like wolves, otters, and dogs. Ravens even make toys—a rare animal behavior—by using sticks, pinecones, golf balls, or rocks to play with each other or by themselves. And sometimes they just taunt or mock other creatures because it's funny.
6. Ravens do weird things with ants.
They lie in anthills and roll around so the ants swarm on them, or they chew the ants up and rub their guts on their feathers. The scientific name for this is called “anting.” Songbirds, crows, and jays do it too. The behavior is not well understood; theories range from the ants acting as an insecticide and fungicide for the bird to ant secretion soothing a molting bird's skin to the whole performance being a mild addiction. One thing seems clear, though: anting feels great if you're a bird.
7. Ravens use “hand” gestures.
It turns out that ravens make “very sophisticated nonvocal signals,” according to researchers. In other words, they gesture to communicate. A study in Austria found that ravens point with their beaks to indicate an object to another bird, just as we do with our fingers. They also hold up an object to get another bird's attention. This is the first time researchers have observed naturally occurring gestures in any animal other than primates.
8. Ravens are adaptable.
Evolutionarily speaking, the deck is stacked in the raven's favor. They can live in a variety of habitats, from snow to desert to mountains to forests. They are scavengers with a huge diet that includes fish, meat, seeds, fruit, carrion, and garbage. They are not above tricking animals out of their food—one raven will distract the other animal, for example, and the other will steal its food. They have few predators and live a long time: 17 years in the wild and up to 40 years in captivity.
9. Ravens show empathy for each other.
Despite their mischievous nature, ravens seem capable of feeling empathy. When a raven's friend loses in a fight, they will seem to console the losing bird. They also remember birds they like and will respond in a friendly way to certain birds for at least three years after seeing them. (They also respond negatively to enemies and suspiciously to strange ravens.) Although a flock of ravens is called an “unkindness,” the birds appear to be anything but.
10. Ravens roam around in teenage gangs.
Ravens mate for life and live in pairs in a fixed territory. When their children reach adolescence, they leave home and join gangs, like every human mother's worst nightmare. These flocks of young birds live and eat together until they mate and pair off. Interestingly, living among teenagers seems to be stressful for the raven. Scientists have found higher levels of stress hormones in teenage raven droppings than in the droppings of mated adults. It's never easy being a teenage rebel.
Japan's Nikkei Asian Review reported this week that North Korea's chilly relations with its longtime patron China are due, in part, to a Chinese plan that would have eliminated North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un and replaced them with their half-brother Kim Jong-nam.
According to this account, the coup plot was neutralized when Kim Jong-un murdered their half-brother in Malaysia and executed their influential China-friendly uncle, Jang Song-thaek.
Outside observers have long speculated Jang was killed because they were Beijing's man in Pyongyang. Nikkei Asian Review describes them as the “conduit” between North Korea and China, whose president was Hu Jintao at the time.
“According to three sources, Jang is said to have proposed a plot to oust Kim Jong-un and replace them with their elder half-brother Kim Jong-nam with China's backing,” NAR reports. The proposal was made while Jang was visiting Beijing in August 2012. Unfortunately for the North Korean officer, they were under surveillance by Chinese intelligence during their visit.
Hu did not immediately accept this “dramatic proposal” because their right-hand man Ling Jihua was mixed up in a scandal involving their playboy son, who was killed when they crashed their Ferrari in Beijing. While Hu was getting their political ducks in a row, a top Chinese security official named Zhou Yongkang learned of Jang's coup plan through a wiretap and secretly informed Kim Jong-un, as part of what appears to have been a power play by Zhou.
Kim Jong-un was not amused by the hot tip from Zhou, so Uncle Jang wound up on the business end of an anti-aircraft gun in 2013, while Kim Jong-nam got a face full of chemical weapons at the Kuala Lumpur airport last year.
President Hu and their allies were not pleased by this development, so Zhou Yongkang was quietly detained and ultimately sentenced to life in prison for corruption and “leaking state secrets.” Their arrest was initially kept secret to conceal the coup plot against Kim.
Remarking upon the Nikkei Asian Review piece, author and North Korea expert Bradley Martin told the UK Telegraph that Jang was “a North Korean who was doing things differently” because they “appreciated the advances that were clear in the way China had modernized its economy and probably wanted the same for North Korea.” As Martin noted, that alone was enough to be charged with treason in Pyongyang, and being implicated in a coup plot would have been icing on the cake.
As for Kim Jong-nam, Martin noted the coup story would explain why Kim Jong-un abruptly decided to kill their seemingly harmless brother. China's interest in Kim Jong-nam as a possible replacement dictator has long been seen as one of the few logical reasons for their murder.
According to NAR, Kim has never fully trusted China since the coup attempt was thwarted, and the Chinese are highly displeased by the execution of Jang Song-thaek. China is still formally allied with North Korea, and still protecting it to some extent, but Beijing's willingness to support tougher sanctions at the United Nations, and issue a few public warnings to North Korea over the past month, are attributed in part to lingering resentments and China's sense that it has lost influence in Pyongyang.
On the other hand, China's anger is held in check by its enduring strategic interests, including fear of a North Korean refugee crisis if the Kim regime collapses or starts a shooting war with the United States, deep aversion to a unified Korean peninsula under Seoul's administration, and Chinese business interests in North Korea.
Another intriguing theory advanced by one of Nikkei Asian Review's sources is that North Korea stepped up its nuclear missile program because it wants to “speak to China on an equal footing, even if it cannot compete economically.”
The most bizarre permutation of the rift between Beijing and Pyongyang, in NAR's estimation, could be North Korea seeking better relations with the United States to free itself from “dependence on China.” If this hypothesis is correct, it would mean North Korea's recent provocative behavior—including threats to attack American civilians on Guam—was actually a psychotic form of diplomatic overture, an effort to get America's attention so diplomatic talks could resume. That seems a bit far-fetched, but then again, North Korea is a very far-fetched place.
Making magic
In yesterday's article I spent a fair amount of time talking about the word “magic”, specifically in the context of Clarke's Third Law, which states that
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
A big part of what I was getting at was that a lot of things which seem to be explicable only by appealing to “magic” are really just cases of technology — sometimes extremely simple technology — being used in a complex way. Or, to borrow an excellent turn of phrase from Terry Pratchett, “ninety percent of most magic merely consists of knowing one extra fact.” In the case of the “magic” which used to be (up until the 0.95 release, the first after the “magic removal” effort) in Django, the apparent “magic” was that you'd define a model class and it would mysteriously disappear, to re-surface as an entire module worth of code somewhere else.
To return to an example from yesterday, if you defined an Entry model inside an application named blog , that class would “magically” end up inside a module called django.models.blog.entries , and that entries module would “magically” sprout methods for working with the Entry class and a set of module constants and exceptions to go along with it. Now, that was a bit much to expect people to put up with — a class which should be at blog.models.Entry suddenly showing up inside a module that doesn't seem to exist anywhere on the filesystem is simply a recipe for confusion — and so it was removed in favor of the more intuitive system we have now, where modules and classes mostly stay where you left them.
But the “magic” here simply consists of knowing one extra fact: that Python lets you dynamically construct modules at runtime and shove them pretty much anywhere you like. This isn't a feature of Python which gets used all that often — and, in fact, shouldn't be used all that often because of the potential for confusion — but understanding the extra fact which makes the “magic” work is useful knowledge, and provides a nice demonstration of the fact that Python is generally a much more dynamic language than people give it credit for.
So today we're going to make some magic.
The goal
The technique for dynamically constructing modules and making import work on them as expected is actually pretty simple; like so many other things which are occasionally explained by “magic”, the things Django used to do to set up model modules were merely complex applications of simple principles, and were complex largely because of the sheer number of database API methods, model-specific classes and other machinery which needed to be built up.
So let's work on a simpler example which illustrates the underlying principle. Our goal is to be able to do the following in a Python interpreter:
>>> import hello >>> hello . say_hello () Hello
At first glance this is fairly straightforward: we import a module named hello , call a function in it called say_hello() and it prints the word “Hello”. Nothing special about that, right? All you'd need to do is create a file called hello.py , stick the function in it and put the file somewhere on your Python import path.
Except we're going to make this work without creating any files, and especially without ever creating a file named hello.py ; the hello module is going to be created dynamically, the say_hello() function is going to be put into it dynamically, the resulting module is going to be made importable dynamically and the whole thing is only going to exist in memory during a single interpreter session. And when we're done you'll have a pretty good idea of how Django used to set up the “magic” model modules, even if that was a slightly more complex use of the same principles.
Understanding import
The first thing we need to understand doing this is how Python's import mechanism works; in other words, the exact steps Python goes through when it encounters an import statement. If you want all the gory details, the official Python documentation on importing isn't too bad an explanation of this process, and Fredrik Lundh has an excellent write-up of all the nooks and crannies of Python's importing mechanism. I highly recommend giving both of those a thorough read at some point, but for now let's walk through the key points together.
When you have a statement like import hello in a Python program, Python goes through two steps to actually import it:
Locate and, if necessary, initialize the module. Bind the resulting module object to a name in your current scope.
So when Python sees import hello , it wants to locate and possibly initialize a module named hello , then assign the resulting module object to the name hello in your program's current scope. If the import statement ocurs at the top of a file, hello will become a module-global name, for example.
The first step — locating and initializing the module — can happen in either of a couple of ways:
If the module hasn't already been initialized, that needs to happen. For most Python modules, that simply consists of executing the code in the module so that, for example, any classes or functions it contains get defined. If the module has already been initialized, there will be a module object already in memory for it, and Python can simply grab that object.
Python figures out whether the module has already been initialized by looking at a dictionary named modules which lives inside the built-in module “sys” of the Python standard library; sys.modules has keys corresponding to the import paths of modules which have already been loaded and initialized, and the values are the resulting module objects.
So the actual mechanism is pretty simple: when we say import hello in a Python program, Python goes and looks for the key “hello” in the sys.modules dictionary. If that key exists, Python gets the already-initialized module object out of sys.modules[‘hello'] , and if it doesn't then Python goes out to your file system and starts looking through the directories on your Python import path for a file or module named hello , which will — if found — be initialized and create an entry in sys.modules . If it isn't found, Python will raise an ImportError .
One important thing to note here is that if you have a module which can conceivably be imported in multiple different ways — say, because both your project directory and application are directly on your Python path, so that both from myproject.blog.models import Entry and from blog.models import Entry will work — you can end up with a single module getting initialized more than once, and having more than one entry in sys.modules (one for each different way you've imported it). Significant sections of Django's model-loading code exist to work around this and ensure that a given model class only gets initialized once.
Also, note that for module names which contain dots (e.g., import foo.bar ), the mechanism is slightly different: Python looks for an entry in sys.modules which matches up to, but not including, the right-most dot, then looks inside the resulting module object for the final part. So in the statement import foo.bar.baz , Python looks for the entry “foo.bar” in sys.modules , then looks for something named baz inside the resulting module object.
By now you might be wondering whether, since sys.modules is a dictionary, you can just go stick things into it. The answer is that you can: you're free to do anything to sys.modules that's legal to do to a Python dictionary, though it's almost always a bad idea to go messing around with it. But this points the way to how we're going to make our eventual import statement work: once we've constructed the hello module, we can simply stick it into sys.modules and Python will happily let us import it without ever bothering to check if an actual module of that name exists on the file system.
Understanding modules
If you've ever tried to access, say, a nonexistent Django setting, you've probably seen an error like this:
AttributeError: 'module' object has no attribute 'some_random_name'
And so far I've been using the phrase “ module object” to refer to Python modules. Both of these give us a clue about how we can build a module on the fly: modules, like everything else in Python, are simply objects, and you can instantiate new module objects just as you can instantiate objects from classes you've defined in your applications, assuming you know where to look.
The place to look is another module from Python's standard library: types , which contains the type objects for many of Python's built-in types. If you know your way around the types module, you can dynamically build nearly any sort of standard Python objects on the fly, even some objects that you can't normally construct otherwise. In this case the one we're interested in is types.ModuleType , which we can use to create a brand-new module object at runtime; it works the same as instantiating any other object, and requires at least one argument: the name of the module object to create. You can also optionally pass a second argument which will become the new module's docstring, so that Python's built-in help() function will be able to show documentation for it (and other automated documentation parsers will be able to extract its documentation), but we'll leave that off for this example.
So let's go ahead and start building our hello module. Pop opens a Python interpreter and type in the following:
>>> import types >>> hello_mod = types . ModuleType ( 'hello' )
We now have a module object bound to the variable hello_mod ; you can check that it really is a module and has the correct name — “hello” — in the interpreter:
>>> hello_mod <module 'hello' (built-in)>
At this point, the new module is simply a blank slate; we can stick anything into it that we like. So let's define the say_hello() function we're going to use:
>>> def say_hello (): ... print "Hello" ...
And then add it to our hello module:
>>> hello_mod . say_hello = say_hello
You can call this function and verify that it works:
>>> hello_mod . say_hello () Hello
Putting it all together
Of course, we still need to make our new module importable via the name “hello”, but armed with an understanding of sys.modules this is easy:
>>> import sys >>> sys . modules . setdefault ( 'hello' , hello_mod ) <module 'hello' (built-in)>
We're using setdefault() here instead of assigning directly to sys.modules[‘hello'] , because if there's already a loaded module named hello we shouldn't overwrite it; the setdefault() method of a Python dictionary takes a key and and a value, and then either inserts the value into the dictionary with the given key, if that key wasn't already in use in the dictonary, or else does nothing to the dictionary. In either case it returns the value which ends up in the dictionary, which provides an easy way to figure out if you added a new value or not. In this case, the return value of setdefault() was the module we just created, so we know it was added to sys.modules successfully.
And now we can use the “magic”:
>>> import hello >>> hello . say_hello () Hello
This works because our dynamically-created module object is now in sys.modules under the name “hello”; since it's in there, Python will simply return it any time we say import hello and never bother checking the file system to see if a “real” module of that name exists on the Python path. We can even use the alternate from syntax to import just the say_hello() function:
>>> from hello import say_hello >>> say_hello () Hello
Once again, Python is simply giving us back the contents of the module object we created in memory; the fact that it exists in sys.modules again bypasses any need to check the file system. And as soon as you exit the Python interpreter, the hello module will simply disappear; since it only ever existed in memory inside this single Python process, it will go away as soon as that Python process exits.
And now you know
At this point you can probably work out how Django — back in the 0.90 and 0.91 days — used to create the “magic” model modules which were importable from django.models ; there was a lot more work going on to build up the things which eventually lived inside that module, but ultimately it boiled down to the same two things we just did: createing a new module object with types.ModuleType , and making it importable by inserting it into sys.modules .
I can't stress enough that this is something you probably shouldn't ever do in real-world code, because — as the example of Django's old-style model system shows — it's confusing and counterintuitive to mysteriously create modules where people aren't expecting them. And messing with sys.modules , unless you really know what you're doing, can also be dangerous; if you're not careful you might accidentally delete or overwrite the entry for a module you were relying on, and then you'll be in a real pickle.
NEW DELHI: Gulail, the investigative website which released tapes of purported conversations between Narendra Modi 's aide Amit Shah and suspended Gujarat police officer G L Singhal to allege that the state government had subjected a young woman to illegal surveillance, on Thursday released photographs to seek to establish that the woman had known the Gujarat CM at least since 2005.Gulail uploaded a dozen pictures of Modi's presence at the first edition of ‘Kutch Sharad Utsav' in October 2005. In one of the pictures, Modi is engaged in animated conversation with IAS officer Pradeep Sharma and the woman with their face partially masked.As per the recordings of the purported conversations between Shah and Singhal, the state police mounted an aggressive surveillance on the woman, introduced by the website as Madhuri (not their real name), in 2009 at the instance of "sahib". They were tracked in gyms, at the airport, in aircraft and even in hospital where their mother was admitted."These pictures raise a serious question mark about the credibility of the explanation put forth both by Madhuri's father Premlal Soni and the BJP that only Premlal was known to Modi and it was they who had requested the CM to ‘take care' of their daughter in 2009 when the illegal snooping operation was mounted. The pictures show that Modi knew Madhuri for at least five years before their state machinery mounted an illegal round the clock vigil on the young woman in August 2009. It also confirms that part of the affidavit filed by Sharma in the Supreme Court in which they had alleged that Madhuri had visited Modi when they came to inaugurate the ‘Sharad Utsav' in October 2005. Sharma served as the collector of Kutch district between 2003 and 2005," the website said in a statement.The website has refrained from attesting to the veracity of the conversations.Sharma had in May 2011 told the Supreme Court in an affidavit they had introduced Madhuri to Modi when they visited Kutch to inaugurate the hill garden project. Later, Modi and Madhuri started exchanging emails and text messages, Sharma said in their filing.Sharma has alleged that one of the key reasons why they fell out of favour with Modi, and was later subjected to harassment, was because they were aware of Modi's proximity to the woman. Sharma moved the Supreme Court last week demanding a CBI inquiry into the illegal surveillance.Sharma has in their application claimed that they were victimised because of their "knowledge of the intimacy shared by Shri Narendra Modi with a young lady architect, aged 27 years, from Bangalore, but originally from Bhuj in Gujarat, who was introduced to Shri Modi by the applicant themselves in the year 2004"."The said tapes/transcripts reveal a strong bias and prejudice of the state of Gujarat against the applicant herein and the state's intent to somehow implicate the applicant herein in criminal offences," the application has said.
It appears that most reviewers are going to use the ROG ZENITH EXTREME motherboard from ASUS. This is the highest-end model for X399 Threadripper processors, but also the most expensive. Only three motherboards are currently available for sale, with more coming soon.
I made this comparison to give you some idea which motherboard has the best features. Some have LCD panels, some have five PCIe slots, others 10 Gigabit onboard LAN. I guess there's a motherboard for everyone.
AMD Ryzen Threadripper Motherboards Comparison ASUS X399 ROG ZENITH EXTREME VRM : ?-power phase ( air-cooled )
: ?-power phase ( ) Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 4x
: 4x PCIe x4 : 1x
: 1x PCIe x1 : 1x
: 1x M.2 : 1x + 2x on DIMM.2
: 1x + 2x on DIMM.2 LAN : 1x 1Gbit + 1x 10Gbit Pcie
: 1x 1Gbit + WIFI: 802.11AC, WIGIG: 802.11AD
Audio : 7.1 SupremeFX S1220 CODEC
: 7.1 SupremeFX S1220 CODEC SATA3 : 6x
: 6x USB : 13x 3.1, 2x 2.0
: 13x 3.1, 2x 2.0 Features: AURA RGB (4x pin LED), DIMM.2 Extenstion module, Livedash OLED screen, Backplate $549.99
GIGABYTE X399 AORUS GAMING 7 VRM : ?
: ? Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 5x
: M.2 : 3x
: 3x LAN : 1x 1Gbit
: 1x 1Gbit WIFI: 802.11AC
Audio : 7.1 Realtek ALC1220
: 7.1 Realtek ALC1220 SATA3 : 8x
: 8x USB : 11x 3.1, 4x 2.0
: 11x 3.1, 4x 2.0 Features: RGB Fusion (4x pin LED), gold-plated power connectors $389.99
MSI X399 GAMING CARBON AC VRM : 10+3 power phase
: Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 4x
: 4x PCIe x1 : 2x
: 2x M.2 : 3x
: 3x LAN : 1x 1Gbit
: 1x 1Gbit WIFI : 802.11AC
: 802.11AC Audio : 7.1 Channel High Definition Audio with S/PDIF
: 7.1 Channel High Definition Audio with S/PDIF SATA3 : 6x
: 6x USB : 15x 3.1, 6x 2.0
: 15x 3.1, 6x 2.0 Features: Mystic Light RGB, Exchangeable Covers $379.99
Amazon.com ASROCK X399 Fatal1ty Professional Gaming VRM : 11-power phase
: 11-power phase Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 4x
: 4x PCIe x1 : 1x
: 1x M.2 : 3x
: 3x LAN : 2x 1Gbit + 1x 10Gbit
: 2x 1Gbit + Audio : 7.1 Realtek ALC1220
: 7.1 Realtek ALC1220 SATA3 : 8x
: 8x USB : 2x 3.1 + 12x 3.0
: 2x 3.1 + 12x 3.0 Features: RGB LED, Biosflashback $439.99
Newegg.com ASROCK X399 TAICHI VRM : 11-Phase
: 11-Phase Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 4x
: 4x PCIe x1 : 1x
: 1x M.2 : 3x
: 3x LAN : 2x 1Gbit
: 2x 1Gbit Audio : 7.1 Realtek ALC1220
: 7.1 Realtek ALC1220 SATA3 : 8x
: 8x USB : 2x 3.1 + 12x 3.0
: 2x 3.1 + 12x 3.0 Features: RGB LED, Biosflashback $339.99
Newegg.com ASUS X399 PRIME-A VRM : ?
: ? Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 4x
: 4x PCIe x4 : 1x
: 1x PCIe x1 : 1x
: 1x M.2 : 2x
: 2x LAN : 1x 1Gbit
: 1x 1Gbit Audio : 7.1 Realtek ALC1220
: 7.1 Realtek ALC1220 SATA3 : 6x
: 6x USB : 13x 3.1 + 4x 2.0
: 13x 3.1 + 4x 2.0 Features: AURA RGB LED $350
ASUS ROG STIRX X399-E No picture yet VRM : ?
: ? Memory: 3600+ MHz (OC)
3600+ MHz (OC) PCIe x16 : 4x
: 4x PCIe x4 : 1x
: 1x PCIe x1 : 1x
: 1x M.2 : 2x
: 2x LAN : 1x 1Gbit
: 1x 1Gbit WIFI: 802.11AC
Audio : 7.1 SupremeFX S1220 CODEC
: 7.1 SupremeFX S1220 CODEC SATA3 : 6x
: 6x USB : 15x 3.1 + 4x 2.0
: 15x 3.1 + 4x 2.0 Features: AURA RGB LED GIGABYTE X399 DESIGNARE EX-CF No info yet
First Ryzen Threadripper processors are also available for preorder (shipping on August 10th):
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
A closer look at Radeon RX Vega 64 backplate Next Post
First Ryzen Threadripper review kit unboxing
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh famously said they hoped President Obama would “fail” in January, 2009. Almost a year later, when Limbaugh was rushed to the hospital with chest pains, Washington Post reporter David Weigel had a wish of their own. “I hope they fail,” Weigel cracked to fellow liberal reporters on the “Journolist” email list-serv.
“Too soon?” they wondered.
Weigel was hired this spring by the Post to cover the conservative movement. Almost from the beginning there have been complaints that their coverage betrays a personal animus toward conservatives. E-mails obtained by the Daily Caller suggest those complaints have merit.
“Honestly, it's been tough to find fresh angles sometimes–how many times can I report that these [tea party] activists are joyfully signing up with the agenda of discredited right-winger X and discredited right-wing group Y?” Weigel lamented in one February email.
In other posts, Weigel describes conservatives as using the media to “violently, angrily divide America.” According to Weigel, their motives include “racism” and protecting “white privilege,” and for some of the top conservatives in D.C., a nihilistic thirst for power.
“There's also the fact that neither the pundits, nor possibly the Republicans, will be punished for their crazy outbursts of racism. Newt Gingrich is an amoral blowhard who resigned in disgrace, and Pat Buchanan is an anti-Semite who was drummed out of the movement by William F. Buckley. Both are now polluting my inbox and TV with their bellowing and minority-bashing. They're never going to go away or be deprived of their soapboxes,” Weigel wrote.
Of Matt Drudge, Weigel remarked, “It's really a disgrace that an amoral shut-in like Drudge maintains the influence they do on the news cycle while gay-baiting, lying, and flubbing facts to this degree.”
In March, Weigel wrote that the problem with the mainstream media is “this need to give equal/extra time to ‘real American' views, no matter how fucking moronic, which just so happen to be the views of the conglomerates that run the media and/or buy up ads.”
When Obama's “green jobs czar” Van Jones resigned after it was revealed they signed a 9/11 “truther” petition, alleging the government may have conspired to allow terrorists to kill 3,000 civilians, Weigel highlighted the alleged racism of Glenn Beck – Jones's top critic.
“One extra, obvious point–Beck's campaign against Jones was transparently racial . . . they treated their very white, very angry audience to video after video of Jones giving scorching speeches. At one point Beck just eschewed subtlety and played videos of Jones alongside videos of Jeremiah Wright while they remained on the screen mugging like Harpo Marx,” Weigel said.
Right wing “memes” begin in “WND/FreeRepublic/talk radio swamps,” Weigel wrote, referring to conservative websites World Net Daily and Free Republic. Sometimes, they spread like a virus into liberal sites, a fact that clearly upsets Weigel.
After Sarah Palin claimed Obama's health care legislation included “death panels” that would ration health care, for instance, the Huffington Post reported that many Americans believed the claim was true. Weigel suggested that reporting on the subject might be counter-productive to liberal policy aims. The Huffington Post, Weigel pointed out, ran “a picture of Sarah Palin, linking to a poll that suggests 45 percent of Americans believe their death panel lie. But as long as the top liberal-leaning news site talks about it every single hour of every day, I'm sure that number will go down.”
“Let's move the fuck on already,” Weigel wrote.
Weigel seems to harbor special contempt for a type of conservative they call a ratfucker, a favorite phrase of his.
In a thread with the subject line, “ACORN Ratf*cker arrested,” Journolisters discussed how James O'Keefe, whose undercover reporting showed officials from activist group ACORN willing to help a fake prostitution ring skirt the law, had been arrested in another, failed operation at Sen. Mary Landrieu's (D-LA) office.
Weigel's response: “HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.”
“Deep breath.”
“HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHA.”
“He's either going to get a radio talk show or start a prison ministry. That's was successful conservative ratfuckers do for their second acts,” Weigel wrote, likely alluding to Nixon aide Charles Colson who converted to Christianity after a stint in prison for obstruction of justice and founded Prison Fellowship.
Republicans? “Ratfucking [Obama] on every bill.” Palin? Tried to “ratfuck” a moderate Republican in a contentious primary in New York. Limbaugh? Used “ratfucking tactics” in urging Republican activists to vote for Hillary Clinton in open primaries after Obama had all but beat them for the Democratic nomination.
Reached by phone late Thursday and asked about the e-mails, Weigel responded, “my reporting, I think, stands for itself.”
“I've always been of the belief that you could have opinions and could report anyway …. people aren't usually asked to stand or fall on everything they've said in private.”
In the e-mails, Weigel appeared particularly invested in the President's health care law, expressing undisguised scorn for moderate Democrats who seemed fearful about voting for it.
Rep. Daniel Lipinski, a pro-life Democrat from Illinois who expressed reservations about the abortion provisions in the legislation was, according to Weigel, a “monster” because they represent “a deeply safe seat” and could afford to vote for it.
Before they left Congress in a cloud, then-Rep. Eric Massa rocked Washington by claiming that backroom deals were polluting the health care bill. Weigel seemed to have little patience for Massa's inconvenient allegations. “Well, so much for the health care push leading the news cycle,” Weigel wrote. “Does anyone else think this guy's turning out to be a political suicide bomber?”
After Scott Brown won the Massachusetts Senate seat, threatening to kill the health care legislation by their presence, Weigel stressed how important it was for reporters to highlight what a terrible candidate their opponent Martha Coakley had been.
“I think pointing out Coakley's awfulness is vital, because it's 1) true and 2) unreasonable panic about it is doing more damage to the Democrats,” Weigel wrote.
But despite the perils of the modern media cycle, the health care bill survived, and for once, all was right in Weigel's world.
“Tangentially related: Betsy McCaughey showed up at Grover Norquist's conservative meeting today, massive spiral-bound health care bill in hand, and shook with rage as they promised that the ‘war' was not over.”
“I'm still smiling.”
Ed. note: A previous version of this story incorrectly reported a Weigel e-mail about “moronic” views of the American public as having been written in April. It was written March 12.
Image caption Many of the cereal bars were found to be high in sugar
The image of cereal bars as a healthy snack is a "myth", according to a study by Which?
The consumer group found all but one of the 30 bars it analysed were high in sugar, with more than half containing over 30% sugar.
One bar, Nutri-Grain Elevenses, contained nearly four teaspoons - more than in a small can of cola and 20% of the recommended daily allowance.
Other snacks it analysed were found to be high in fat and saturated fat.
The Tracker Roasted Nut bar, for example, was almost a third fat.
Meanwhile, six of the seven cereal bars targeted at children were high in saturated fat, the study found.
And Monster Puffs, a cereal bar marketed to children and described as "great for your lunchbox", contained 43.5% sugar - more than two teaspoons.
'Myth'
Which? compared the nutritional content of the bars using the manufacturers' information and applied traffic light labelling to see if the levels of fat, saturated fat, sugar and salt were high, medium or low.
The Nakd Apple Pie was the only bar in the study that did not contain any added sugar, while the Alpen Light Apple and Sultana was the only one to have three green traffic lights for fat, saturated fat and salt.
People often choose cereal bars in the belief they're healthier than chocolate or biscuits, but our research shows this can be a myth Richard Lloyd, Which?
Which? is calling for manufacturers to reduce sugar and fat in food products marketed to children and for tighter controls over the way they are promoted.
Which? executive director Richard Lloyd said: "People often choose cereal bars in the belief they're healthier than chocolate or biscuits, but our research shows this can be a myth."
A spokesperson for Kellogg's, which makes the Nutri-Grain Elevenses bar and some of the other snacks tested, said: "We're confused as to why anyone would call a Nutri-Grain Elevenses snack a cereal bar.
"If you've eaten one you know it's not. It's a baked bar and looks and eats much more like a muffin or cake.
"We bake it like a cake and market it as a mid-morning snack.
"In fact, compared to other similar mid-morning snacks, it's one of the choices that has slightly less sugar than the norm."
VIDEO –
Deep Purple is adding a second concert in Israel a day after its planned February 22 gig at Tel Aviv's Nokia Arena, the veteran British rock band said Sunday.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The February 23 performance will be held in the same venue. Ticket prices range from NIS 199 ($57) to NIS 999 ($286), depending on the seat's location in the arena.
The band will arrive in Israel as part of its "The Best of Deep Purple" concert tour, which will include performances of its greatest hits as well as songs from its new album, "Now What?!"
Summer Rocks Pixies, Soundgarden to perform in Israel this summer Ami Friedman New music festival brings two of the biggest names in 90s rock to Israel for first time. Pixies were scheduled to appear in Israel in 2010, but canceled in aftermath of Gaza flotilla incident Pixies, Soundgarden to perform in Israel this summer
This time, the band will arrive directly after a concert in Bucharest, Romania, as part of its tour in Europe which includes Finland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Hungary and Serbia.
Over the years the band split and reunited several times, with the last reunion taking place in 1994. Since then, its members have resumed their activity together, recording albums and going on concert tours.
If you ever wanted to roam the savannas of Kenya with two gorgeous women and a very gray Clark Gable, then Mogambo may be the movie for you.
Directed by John Ford and filmed on location in Tanzania and Kenya, Mogambo is no one's a favorite movie, unless you ask me.
Kelly. Gable. Ford. Gardner in Africa
I can't think of anything better.
The film starts off with Eloise “Honey Bear” Kelly (played by Ava Gardner) taking a shower to cool off from the hot African sun. It appears that Eloise is in Africa hoping to meet up with a rich maharajah who promised them that they take care of them for the rest of their life. True to classic Hollywood form that doesn't happen, so, Eloise is stuck in the middle of Kenya, with no money and no man.
Right after we get introduced to the raven-haired beauty, we meet a very gray-looking Clark Gable who's playing a big game hunter named Victor Marswell.
Victor Marswell is your typical 1950s male. Big, strong, brash, and attracted to women half their age. These characteristics are the most apparent in the scene where Victor stumbles upon Eloise scantily clad in a robe, just inches away from stepping out of the shower. The two trade jabs for a few moments until Eloise tell them why she's really here.
Amused, but slightly annoyed, Victor, begrudgingly agrees to let Eloise stay on the reservation until the next boat to the airport swings by. During those few days, Victor and Eloise develop feelings for each other.
Here's where things get a bit tricky.
Off to the horizon, a boat gets docked. In it brings a lovely pair named the Nordleys – Donald (played by Donald Sinden) and Linda (played by Grace Kelly.) The Nordleys are wealthy English couple who came to this Kenyan reservation with the hope of being able to go into gorilla country.
Victor, being the grumpy old man that they are, flat out refuses to re-adjust their schedule just to play tour guide to a couple of privileged Brits. Meanwhile, when all of this is happening, Eloise returns to the reservation due to a malfunction on the passenger boat that they intended to take out of Africa.
The next morning, Eloise and Linda convene for some breakfast. For some reason, Eloise takes the liberty to tell Linda about all of their past sexual escapades. This, understandably, makes Linda uncomfortable, but, this interaction is a good indicator of what their relationship will look like as the film progresses.
This brief exchange of words prompts Linda to take a stroll around the reservation to get their thoughts in order. While out on this walk, they stumble upon a black leopard ready to pounce.
Unbeknownst to Linda, Victor was behind them the entire time, making sure that they don't get killed. If it wasn't for their heroics, Linda would've been a dead woman, and we couldn't have that, can we? On their way back to the base, an unnatural wind-storm stirs up around them, which forces Victor too, literally, sweep Linda off their feet and carry them to safety.
This intense moment, obviously, causes Linda to see Victor in a different light – a romantic light.
Well, “oh, no!” you say, “Linda's married!”
The conflict arises.
Later that night at dinner, Eloise notices that things are a little bit tense between Linda and Victor. They quickly catch the drift and starts subtly teasing the two during the entire meal. In order to ease tensions (or in my opinion, escalate them) Victor announces that he's had a change of heart and will take the Nordleys to see the gorillas, albeit resentfully.
Eloise, pretty much sick of Africa, tags along on the trek so they could leave the group halfway to catch (another) flight back to the States. So, the group leaves the reservation in search of some gorillas, but, as everyone else is trying to enjoy the scenery (mainly Linda's husband) Eloise, Linda and Victor are stuck in a love triangle.
How about that?
Poor Donald Nordley, all they wanted to see were some gorillas, and all they got was their wife falling in love with a man who looks like Clark Gable.
It's a pity.
Anyway.
On their way to gorilla country, the group takes a ‘pit stop' at a mission run by a priest named Father Josef (played by Denis O'Dea) who agrees to lend Victor a few canoes so that they could, safely, cross a rather aggressive river. While Victor is retrieving those canoes, Eloise takes this opportunity to confess to Father Josef about the things that have been weighing heavily on their heart (aka let me tell someone that this lady has been cheating on their husband of 7 years.)
The Father suggests that Eloise should go and attempt to make a friend out of Mrs. Nordley. They take them up on that offer and apologizes for everything she's done, while simultaneously extending a hand of friendship. Linda rebuffs their advances, creating an even deeper divide between the two women.
After getting the canoes, the group continues on into the jungles of Kenya. They finally reach a checkpoint where Eloise would be dropped off.
Upon landing on this territory, they find the station manager badly injured from what appears to be a native uprising the night before. This setback causes Eloise to miss their flight (again) and now, she's stuck on this tour until they head back to the reservation.
As they're escorting the man out they get attacked by the same tribe that injured them in the first place. Luckily, they manage to escape unscathed.
That night, the group finally reaches gorilla country. After a long day of traveling, everyone comfortably settles down into their campsites. Eloise is busy talking to a tour guide about their late ex-husband, Mr. Nordley is blissfully unaware of what's happening to their wife, and Victor and Linda are nowhere to be found.
Actually, they're out taking a moonlight stroll together, but, their husband doesn't care! He's out here to see some gorillas.
Tragic.
While out on their midnight walk, Victor and Linda fall into a very passionate embrace. We all knew it was coming, I just didn't know when; I suppose under the moon in an African jungle sounds like the perfect time to do it.
Realizing what she's done, Linda sprints back to base camp where they find their husband fast asleep. They wake up when they enter their tent and Mr. Nordley proceeds to embrace their wife. Ashamed and on the verge of tears they refuse their affections and promptly goes to bed.
The next morning, Victor takes the Nordleys to see the gorillas.
The guilt of having kissed another man's wife is weighing heavily on Victor, and they confront Linda about it. They tell them that he's going to tell their husband about their affair. Linda is not to content with this idea, but, Victor is going to do it anyway. While their helping hands are setting up the gorilla traps, Victor steps up to Mr. Nordley's tent and is about to, basically, ruin the life a very decent man in Donald Nordley.
Donald greets them and begins to gush about how much they love Linda and how they were pretty disappointed that they forgot their anniversary that happened the night before- the same night Victor and Linda were out frolicking in the African jungle.
Overcome with guilt and anger, Victor storms back to their tent understanding that they can't tell Mr. Nordley about their affair with Linda.
That evening, while the group is sitting around a campfire, an aide to Victor makes insinuations about their relationship with Mrs. Nordley. Donald takes offense to those remarks and leaves the outpost in a fit of rage.
Fast forward a couple of hours, Eloise saunters into Victor's tent and realizes he's drunk. They assume that they went to confront Donald Nordley about their “extracurricular activities” with their wife but ultimately failed.
Eloise then sits down on Victor's lap, throws caution to the wind, and joins them for a nightcap. About a few moments after this happens Linda walks into to the tent.
Oh, boy…
Victor thinks quick, and plays up their ‘drunken' attitude, seeing it as a way to end their fling with Linda. They drink, they laugh, they pull Eloise a little bit closer than they normally would, and all of this makes Linda hysterical to the point where they shoot Victor. Thanks to their horrible aim, they miss their chest and hits them in the arm. Funny enough, just as Linda was doing this, their husband returns to camp just in time to see this trainwreck.
Eloise, being the slick-tongued woman that they are, improvises an excuse, claiming that Victor was making a pass at Linda, and they shot them in self defense.
The next morning, the Nordleys depart, leaving behind a flurry of emotions for both Eloise and Victor. The pair is left behind where they, finally, admit their feelings for each other which concludes with Victor proposing to Eloise.
Conclusion and The Crazy ‘Behind the Scenes' Stories
Mogambo is a good movie, not a great one. It has a great plot, an astonishing location shoot in Nairobi, and a great director in John Ford, but sometimes the acting was lackluster. As a matter of fact, even the lovely Grace Kelly is overshadowed by the remarkable acting performance that Ava Gardner puts on in this movie.
While most Kelly fans (including myself) went into this movie, hoping for another Kelly masterclass in acting, we actually got to see the acting talents of Gardner flourish a bit. Apparently, I'm not the only one to believe this. The Academy Awards also thought Ava put in a good performance and eventually awarded them with an Oscar nomination for Best Actress in a Leading Role in 1954.
Ava may have gotten nominated for an Academy Award, but it was Grace who took home some silverware in 1954, with a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
For whatever the film lacked in acting, certainly made up for the behind the scenes stories.
It all started when John Ford requested that the main cast spend a few weeks in the sun to make sure they got that “African suntan look.” Well, their plan backfired when the pasty white skins of Gable, Kelly, and Gardner got a little too dark, which was later lightened up by the makeup department.
This incident was only a sign of what was yet to come.
The real ‘fun' started when Ava brought their then-husband Frank Sinatra to the set in Kenya. At the time, their marriage was having a bit of trouble. Something, apparently, happened back in LA at a house party, which caused Frank to freak out in a fit of anger. We don't know exactly what happened, but whatever did seem to carry over into their flight over to Africa.
According to a letter written by Grace Kelly to a friend back in the States, they proclaim that Frank and Ava were constantly fighting, making up and breaking up, and that it particularly disturbed them because they had a tent right next to them and could hear everything.
The skirmishes only disappeared when Frank was able to rest easy about their faltering career when they landed the coveted part of ‘Maggio' in the WWII epic From Here to Eternity in 1953.
Speaking of Grace Kelly, they had their fair share of problems while working on this movie as well; and by problems, I mean Clark Gable. Gable being an ardent outdoorsman, was absolutely ecstatic about living in Africa for a couple of months. Conveniently enough, Grace also happened to be a huge fan of hunting.
Just like their characters on screen, Clark and Grace spent most of their time walking around Africa, just getting to know each other. Eventually, they end up falling into a May-December romance.
Grace would call him, “Ba”, which means father in Swahili, while Clark would be there just enjoying the company of a woman who was young enough to be their daughter.
Even actor Donald Sinden, who played Mr. Nordley, has claimed to have seen Grace and Clark having a *ahem* “afternoon swim” together, hell they confirmed herself.
Heck! When the on-location shoots in Nairobi were over, Kelly and Gable continued their romance in London where Clark rented out a hotel room specifically fitted with an ‘in and out way' where they could discreetly have access to each other's rooms without the rest of the cast knowing.
Unfortunately, the affair came to an end when Grace‘s mother, Margaret, came to stay with their 23-year-old daughter in London.
Being your typical overbearing mother, Mama Kelly gave their daughter the ‘okay' to marry Gable. This, naturally, scared off Gable who clearly didn't want to. Consequently, Gable refused Grace‘s calls, stopped talking to them on re-shoot days, and basically ‘ghosted' them This left Grace heartbroken and they inevitably quit trying to reconcile with Gable.
Based on what happened on screen and off screen, Mogambo is certainly worth your time. If it isn't for the actual movie, then it must definitely be for the crazy behind the scenes stories. It isn't the best movie, but, it's sure as heck one of my favorite movies.
Advertisements
MORELIA — A week after “Coco,” Disney/Pixar's Day of the Dead-themed toon, marks its world premiere at the Morelia Int'l Film Festival on Oct. 20 it rolls out across Mexico to coincide with the country's Day of the Dead festivities, roughly a month before it bows in the U.S., quite an unprecedented move.
“It's quite unusual but the movie is so much a love letter to the country of Mexico,” said Dave Hollis, president, theatrical distribution, The Walt Disney Studios. “It's a celebration of the family, of Mexico's culture, of its music,” they said, adding: “It just felt like the right thing to do.”
“Coco” opens Oct. 27 at some 795 theaters in Mexico, roughly 2,000 screens. In the U.S., it debuts Nov. 22, a day before the Thanksgiving holiday, opening day and date with some other territories while others follow suit.
Another Disney label, Marvel, opens all its titles overseas before the U.S. as part of Disney's bid to time its world premieres with holidays and in terms of relevance, Hollis pointed out.
Animation is big business in Mexico, after all, where the genre's box office earnings sometimes still top those of Brazil, now a larger territory because of the devaluation of the peso (see chart). Mexico is a Top 10 animation market for Disney with its most recent animated features scoring in the low-mid $20 million range in the country. “ ‘Coco' has all the important elements to succeed in Mexico: it's a family film in a country that favors such films and has a large youth population,” said Luis Vargas, ComScore executive director, Latin America.
Related Pearl Studio Doubles Down on Stories That Will Appeal to Chinese and International Crowds Netflix Signs Development Deal With Oscar-Winning ‘Coco' Producer Darla K. Anderson (EXCLUSIVE)
As part of an extensive marketing campaign that includes outdoor ads, local artist-inspired murals and bespoke social content, a “Coco” – themed float will grace the Dia de Muertos Parade in Mexico City on Oct. 28.
“Coco” revolves around a young boy who defies their family's shoemaking tradition and ban on music to pursue their dream to become a musician. They find themselves in the Land of the Dead following a baffling chain of events where they team up with a slick charmer called Hector, voiced by Gael Garcia Bernal in both the English and Spanish versions of the film.
With more than 25 different characters in the film, Pixar assembled a stellar voice cast that includes Edward James Olmos, Benjamin Bratt, Luis Valdez, Jaime Camil, comics Cheech Marin and Gabriel Iglesias for its English-language dub and five-time Latin Grammy winner Marco Antonio Solís for the Spanish-language. Valdez. like Garcia Bernal, performs in both English and Spanish-language versions.
“Coco's” Latin American original soundtrack includes Carlos Rivera performing a version of “Remember Me” in the end-credit roll. The Latin American version will also include additional ‘inspired by' tracks by local artists Karol Sevilla, Jorge Blanco, Bronco and La Santa Cecilia.
Top Latin American Animation Markets, July 1 to Sept 30, 2017
Territory Box Office in US Dollars Admissions Argentina 36,870,027 6,009,491 Brasil 56,309,338 12,935,830 Mexico 49,623,275 20,535,413
Source: ComScore
The small sculpture is adorned with the signature of the 27-year-old Real Madrid attacker, who spent some time in the small town of Obidos with the Seleccao last May
A small parish in Portugal is auctioning a signed clay statue of Cristiano Ronaldo to raise funds for the construction of a new church.According to EFE, the sculpture is approximately 30 inches high, weighs just over a kilo and was signed by the Real Madrid attacker while they were staying in the small town of Obidos with the Seleccao last May.The bidding will begin at €100 but the Gaeiras Parish will immediately accept any offer of €500 for the piece, which is up for auction online.Ronaldo is currently on international duty with Portugal at Euro 2012 and on Thursday evening scored the only goal of the game as Paulo Bento's side booked their place in the semi-finals with a 1-0 win over the Czech Republic.
The Passage at King has already closed it's downtown Dartmouth spot. It had opened around the beginning of May then around the start of June there was a vacation notice up for a few days, and now all the gear is gone.
ACICC (African Community Investment Cooperative of Canada) has opened a cafe in Spryfield in the same plaza as Subway.
Acadian Fish and Chips has opened a 2nd location beside Canadian Tire in Spryfield. Their original location is in Hammonds Plains.
Golden Fortune Restaurant is now open on Herring Cove Rd.
Nova Tactical is opening an indoor gun and archery range, on Windmill in the same plaza Cheese Curds. It is expected to open in December. Hnatiuk's had also previous announced they were bringing a range to “metro” but not til late 2017 early 2018.
The new Hydrostone like building on Hennessey at Isleville will have Artistic Sole and Aqua-Dome as a tenant. They are moving from Tantallon where they specialize in dance, competitive swimming, and figure skating wear.
The 3 Hamachi's on the peninsula Morris, Bishops and Hydrostone reopened yesterday. Bedford did not. I believe there are new owners in place.
Little Oak, the new bar from the folks at Agricola Street Brasserie, opened in Bishops Landing on Friday.
As well Robie St Station's neighbouring evening joint El Chino also opened on Friday.
This week a link to Eat This Town, where we had a Pizza Quest. This time to find the best ‘za in Fairview and Armdale. The highlight of this one is where everyone disagreed with my favourite. http://www.eat-this-town.com/fairview-pizza-quest/
Halifax Pride starts on Wednesday and runs until the 23rd, check out the calendar to see what great things are happening around town. http://halifaxpride.com/
Crystal Pepsi is back in stores for a limited time, after a 20+ year hiatus.
and I'm still trying to figure out what a designer pool noodle is
Today I bring you three recipes that can all be made from one chicken. Deliciously fatty and crispy roast chicken with potatoes and carrots, chicken fried rice, and the ultimate comfort food: chicken soup. This is an incredibly cost effective use of your budget and, even better, tasty!
Cost for the chicken: $12 (varies depending on size)
Roast chicken
Serves: 5-6
Cost per serving: $1.90 to $1.60
Ingredients
1 whole chicken, raw, with skin
1 1/2 – 2 tbsp butter, soft
opt. fresh herb (rosemary, tarragon, or oregano, 2 – 3 sprigs)
2 large potatoes, peeled and roughly chopped
2 large carrots, peeled and roughly chopped
1 tbsp oil
salt to taste
Method
1. Preheat oven to 350°.
2. Part the skin from the meat of the chicken with your fingers. Take small amounts of butter and slide it underneath the skin on the breasts. Put the rest of the butter on top of the skin on the back, legs, wings, and cavity.
3. (optional) Fresh herbs add a great flavour to the chicken, but you're meal will still be delicious if you would rather forgo the cost. If you do decide to use them, pull the leaves from the stems and slide them under the skin of the breast and back, and on top of the skin of the back, legs, wings, and cavity.
4. Place the chicken in a large roasting pan, along with the potatoes and carrots. Sprinkle the oil over the vegetables and season with salt.
5. Bake in the oven until the chicken and veggies become a dark golden, crispy brown, about 1 1/2 hours.
6. After portioning off the standard cuts, reserve the remainder for the two other dishes. Pick of the remaining meat and reserve for the fried rice. Reserve and freeze all the bones, skin, fat, and any scraps for the soup.
Chicken Fried Rice
Serves: 4-6
Cost per serving: $1.55 to $1.75
*Note: Ideally this should be cooked in a wok (nothing fancy, a cheap one from China Town works perfectly). If you don't have a wok, substitute with a large pot.
Ingredients
2 tbsp oil, plus more if needed
1 carrot, peeled and diced
1 celery stalk, diced
2 cups rice, cooked the day before and still cold
3 eggs, lightly beaten
2 tsp sesame seed oil
1 tbsp vinegar
1 tbsp soy sauce
Method
1. Fry the carrots and celery in the oil until the veggies' are brighter in colour and look a bit softer, about 10 minutes.
2. Add the rice. Be sure to constantly stir the rice as it fries so that it doesn't burn on the bottom. Fry for a few minutes to allow the oil to be evenly distributed and the rice to heat up. Don't be afraid to add more oil if you's needed.
3. Make a well in the centre of the rice and pour the beaten egg into it. Wait for the edges to cook before scrambling it, then mix it with the rest of the rice.
4. Mix in the chicken, then season with the sesame oil, vinegar, and soy sauce. Add more if you think it's needed. Seasoning is always to taste, after all.
5. Eat your delicious, fried, greasy rice.
Chicken Soup
Serves: 6-8
Cost per serving: $0.65 to $0.89
Ingredients
Left over chicken bones and scraps, still frozen
6-8 celery stalks, roughly chopped (I bought one entire head of celery for both the rice and soup recipes and finished whatever I had left for the soup. The number of stalks you decide to use isn't strict)
4-6 carrots, peeled and roughly chopped (same deal with the carrots)
water
Method
1. Dump everything into a large pot and cover with water
2. Raise the heat and allow the water to come to a boil, then lower it to a simmer. This should cook for a minimum of 1 1/2 hours, preferably 2.
3. Pour the soup into a second pot or large bowl through a strainer.
4. Put the veggies back in the broth and dump the bones and scraps. At this point feel free to add whatever you'd like to the soup: noodles, bits of leftover chicken meat, matzah balls (my personal favourite).
0 Seahawks help WWII vet, 89, with their game-day wish
The hospital visits were becoming more frequent, a result of the heart trouble that comes when you're almost 90. So Robert Epperson made a bucket list.
They wanted to go to Hawaii. Wanted to spend more time with family. There were the stories they hadn't told in decades – the ones from World War II that earned them three Purple Hearts, a Bronze Star Medal with Valor, and other awards. Epperson was sharing them now.
"And from their hospital bed, they said, 'I want to go to a Seahawks game this year,'" their granddaughter, Casey Crust recalled. "I thought, 'No way. He's 88. How's they going to get to go?'"
On Sundays, Epperson watches from their assisted living home in Tacoma, hoping to catch a TV crowd shot of their granddaughter who never misses a home game. They love Russell Wilson, pulling for the 5-foot-11 quarterback who has defied odds.
The family has bled Seahawks blue since 1978, when Crust and their stepdad started going during the Kingdome days. Their prostate cancer made it tough to see games in person. But as the clock ran down on the Seahawks 2006 NFC Championship, Crust and their stepfather shared tears of joy. They went to games as long as the doctors and their body would allow.
Crust and their cousin, who's in the Coast Guard, admired how the Seahawks honored veterans before games. So when their grandpa made their bucket list declaration, they wondered: What if?
Crust wrote an e-mail to a team vice president, wondering how their grandfather might be able to be a part of the Veterans Day celebration. They mentioned about how he'd opened up about their time in the Army, and how they and friends Epperson served with went back to see the places they'd been.
But Epperson is humble, and would never ask to be part of a Seahawks celebration.
"Wow," team vice president Mike Flood wrote back, "your grandfather has a tremendous record of military service. … If Robert is coming to the game, we would like to have them join our military guests pregame."
A few days after Sept. 11, the Seahawks ticket sales manager wrote back with their cell number. After they talked, a package came with tickets and field passes, a $20 food voucher, and a parking pass.
"It was so awesome because I never thought in a million years they would do that," Crust said. "I wasn't sure my email would even be seen to be honest, so didn't tell anyone I did it just in case."
Six years ago, Epperson and their wife bought matching Seahawks jackets. They'd wear them while watching the games on TV, cheering Matt Hasselbeck and Shaun Alexander. But they never had a chance to see a game in person.
This summer, shortly after their 65th wedding anniversary, Epperson's wife died at age 82. Them jacket went to their daughter, and Epperson's jacket went to Crust.
When Crust and family members went to show their grandfather the tickets, they said he'd need the jacket back.
Epperson is going to a game for the first time.
"I was kneeling down in front of them and read the e-mail to him," Crust said. "He was just looking down. They were very humble and so sweet."
They asked for a printed copy of the e-mail, and shared it with the assisted living staff. Epperson called their three kids to share the story.
"He had this smile on their face like, 'Oh my gosh,'" Crust said.
She'll be there with them Sunday, with their aunt and cousin, Brian Dressler, who also is a season ticket holder. It's one of the last games Boatswains Mate Pfc. Dressler will see before deploying to Bahrain with the Coast Guard.
"He has their jacket back, and he's going to wear it this week," Crust said of their grandfather. "He can't wait - and I couldn't be more proud."
Want to talk about the news of the day? Watch free streaming video on the KIRO 7 mobile app and iPad app, and join us here on Facebook.
Mumbai: Pritish Nandy, chairperson of Pritish Nandy Communications Ltd (PNC), a media company, has an ambitious plan. With a proprietary online streaming media product called Ogle, they hope to give users in India a service similar to that provided overseas by Netflix Inc., Hulu.com and Amazon.com's Instant Video.
Ogle, said Nandy in a recent interview, can stream high quality content on any device, be it a smartphone, tablet, laptop or television, even on slow Internet connections, thanks to its compression technology.
They have been selectively inviting people to test the content on their networks for the last three months and hopes to officially launch the service by year-end with a bouquet of about 150 television shows and over 1,000 English movies.
“It (Ogle) is essentially a technology product, but more important than that, it attempts to introduce an entire lifestyle shift...(especially for those who) download content illegally off the Internet and (those with) poor connectivity," said Nandy.
Eventually, Nandy hopes to stream old and latest television shows, movies, music, health and educational services in regional languages too on Ogle. They declined to comment on the investment their company was likely to make in this project, but said they were “talking to financial investors".
Ogle was acquired by PNC Digital Ltd, a subsidiary of PNC, in July from its developer Harshawardhan Sabale, who now leads the business as chief executive of PNC Digital.
Consumers can access Ogle through any device through a browser or an app. If it's a Smart TV, the app can be downloaded onto the TV. Otherwise, the company will provide a set-top box to display the content on a traditional TV.
“We are developing a variety of dedicated set-top boxes, the cheapest of which is just ₹ 500," said Sabale.
Without divulging any names, Nandy said PNC is in talks to sign content deals with major global studios, channels and production houses to source TV shows, movies and music.
The company is also likely to announce a telecom partner for broadband services. Once the deal comes through, the service is likely to be available at three monthly subscription options, costing ₹ 500-1,500.
The basic plan will allow users unlimited access to content on Ogle through five registered devices, but with their own Internet connection. The company also plans to offer a ₹ 100 scratch cards to give unlimited Ogle access for 24 hours across India.
Sabale said their company may look to subsidize costs through advertising.
Experts say there is a market for a media streaming service. Until a few years ago, Indian broadcasters had to wait six-nine months to get a chance to air the latest season of popular shows such as Friends, which features actors like Jennifer Aniston.
Many users would simply download pirated content. Last year, for instance, the season finale of the popular television series Breaking Bad resulted in an unprecedented number of illegal downloads across the world. Just 12 hours after the first copy appeared online, over 500,000 people had already downloaded the show through various Torrent sites, according to a report on Torrentfreak.com, which measures number of downloads.
India was among the top five countries downloading this episode illegally. “This is interesting, considering that we claim that we have no bandwidth. So, the market is phenomenal, considering that even with poor connectivity and speeds, consumers are still making the effort to download the content they want," said Sabale.
They claimed their company's proprietary technology allows “for full scrubbing (fast forward/rewind) on the fly to any point...(and) also...high quality audio streaming over just 2G speeds".
The market potential is huge. May 2013 data from comScore Inc., a digital market research and audience measurement agency, revealed that total online video consumption in India had doubled in the past two years to 3.7 billion videos per month.
Competition has increased as well.
A number of English general entertainment channels such as AXN India, Star World Premiere and Zee Café are going the extra mile to air popular shows closer to their US premiere—from negotiating hard with US studios to having their employees work more shifts to edit out scenes to suit “Indian sensibilities" and key in subtitles all within 24-48 hours of the US launch.
On 17 May, Relativity Media and B4U, a leading Bollywood film and TV network whose shareholders include billionaire Lakshmi Mittal announced a joint venture that, among other things, included RelaTV, a digital streaming technology platform to deliver video content to Indian consumers. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed but the companies said they will invest about $100 million in the projects.
Rajat Agrawal, executive editor of bgr.in—a technology news portal by India Webportal Pvt. Ltd—who has been a beta tester on the Ogle project for the last three months, believes if “the company (PNC Digital) is able to deliver all that they have promised at a minimal cost of ₹ 500 per month, then it's a fabulous deal".
They added that much will depend on whether the company “can actually close those deals (with studios, production houses, telco, etc) and deliver on this promise".
The biggest challenge, according to Agrawal, is that the service has no offline play. “It is an online-only model. So, I can't watch it on a flight, for instance. Also, when it comes to accessing this content on my phone, I will have to incur additional 3G costs, if I don't have access to a Wi-Fi connection, a dongle or a hotspot," they said. Nandy is unfazed. The idea, they said, is not to challenge the mainstream traditional media leaders but complement them by creating alternatives for viewers.
“The idea was to develop a guerilla system that can go out...and allow users to experience content on completely unique platforms," said Nandy, adding, “I think that is the future of all communication."
The Trump tax plan which was enacted into law on December 22, 2017 has been touted for all its benefits in reducing corporate tax rates and streamlining taxes for individuals. One big loser of the Trump tax plan – unhappily married or soon to be married men. Perhaps because Trump is on their third wife and has an iron clad prenup which they have fine tuned over the years and perhaps because the conservative GOP party members who put “family first” have simply ignored or forgotten about most men who are toiling away in unhappy marriages and relationships; the new Trump tax plan eliminates alimony payments from the list of allowable itemized deductions for U.S. marriages on or after December 31, 2018.
This is terrible for men. According to a recent census taken in the U.S. of divorced couples, men are paying a whopping 97% of total alimony, despite the fact that 40% of households include higher wage earning women. The family court system in the U.S. as well as most other developed nations is a boondoggle for women. They divorce system is already setup in such a way that women get most of the benefits and men lose their lives savings, their house and their future income to greedy ex-wives who game the divorce system and extract as many benefits as they can. Perhaps for this reason, the tax code in the U.S. changed after 1950 to allow divorced individuals (mostly men) who were shouldering the burdens of alimony payments to deduct these payments from their taxes. Although it did not completely eliminate the unfairness of the 50-50 divorce system where women were marrying wealthier or well-to-do men and later divorcing them for money and guaranteed monthly payments, it did at least provide some tax relief while turning the free money spousal support into “taxable income” for other spouse. No more.
Under the new tax scheme, if you get divorced after December 31, 2018, your out-sized alimony payments to your greedy ex-wife will no longer be tax deductible. That means if you earn $100K and are paying your ex-wife $40K in spousal support, you get 0 tax benefit for the support payments while your ex-wife does not have to pay any money on the free $40K in spousal income that they are receiving. Basically, this incentivizes your greedy ex-wife to continue to apply for more spousal support payments from you and stash them away “tax free” while you shoulder than entire tax burden for the income and support payments and get no benefit in return.
This elimination of the alimony deduction is ridiculous. Out of touch lawmakers believe this is good for the family because it will discourage divorce. History tells us otherwise. (Over 50% of marriages in modern Western civilizations now fail). Tax regulations have not changed or eliminated the decline in marriage rates and the increase in divorce rates. This is because tax and economic policies have not kept pace with gender issues, the rise of feminism in culture, economics and politics, and the general weakening of men in education and the workforce.
As men, we should not accept this bad fiscal policy and punishment designed to give women even more freebies and financial incentives to divorce us and take away our hard-earned incomes and live savings. In my opinion, if you are a man thinking of getting married and raising a family, either: (a) don't get married and look for another arrangement; or (b) get an iron-clad prenup after consultation with no fewer than 3 good lawyers. If you are already in a bad marriage and thinking about getting divorced, you need to legally divorce before December 31, 2018, or get hit with the divorce penalty tax.
Like this: Like Loading...
November 19, 2014
Dufferin Station will be closed to the public on Saturday, November 22 and Sunday, November 23, with subway trains not stopping at the station so the Toronto Transit Commission can complete work on the Dufferin Station modernization project, making the station the 33rd TTC subway station to be fully accessible. The station will re-open on Monday, November 24, at 6 a.m.
Subway trains will bypass Dufferin Station, but shuttle buses will operate on Bloor St. W., between Lansdowne and Ossington stations for customer convenience. The 29 Dufferin and 402 Parkdale community bus will not be affected by the closure.
Work this weekend will include finishes on new stairs, ceilings and floors, and testing the three new elevators that, along with an accessible fare gate and automatic sliding doors, will make Dufferin Station accessible to all customers.
Over the last four years, Dufferin Station has undergone a significant transformation, including expansion of the station building and indoor waiting area, second exits from both platforms, a new laneway entrance on the west side, a new staircase, modern wall, ceiling, floor and stair finishes, new windows for more natural light, bicycle parking, canopies over the sidewalks, a green roof and new public art.
TTC senior managers will join Councillor Ana Bailao to greet customers at the station entrance on Wednesday, November 26 from 7:30 to 8:30 a.m.
The TTC thanks customers, the local community and businesses for their patience during construction.
View all articles from November
Shopping mall in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States
King of Prussia (also referred to as the King of Prussia Mall) is the largest shopping mall in the United States in terms of gross leasable area, with a GLA of 2,651,631 square feet (246,344.6 m2)[3]. It is a mall with numerous retailers, anchored by Lord & Taylor, Dick's Sporting Goods, Primark, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Macy's and Bloomingdale's with one vacant anchor last occupied by JCPenney.
The mall is located in King of Prussia, a census-designated place within Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County in southeastern Pennsylvania, just outside Philadelphia. The mall, which opened in 1963, consisted of two distinct buildings known as The Plaza and The Court until August 2016, when a major expansion was completed and the two buildings were finally connected to create one massive shopping mall.[4]
Location [ edit ]
Aerial view of King of Prussia Mall before the 2016 expansion that connected the two malls
The King of Prussia mall is located in the community of King of Prussia in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Philadelphia. The mall is near the convergence of four major highways: the Schuylkill Expressway (Interstate 76), the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Interstate 76/Interstate 276), U.S. Route 202, and U.S. Route 422.[5][6] The mall is located northeast of the Schuylkill Expressway and south of the Pennsylvania Turnpike on the north side of US 202 between Gulph Road to the southwest and Allendale Road to the northeast, with Mall Boulevard providing access to and running through the mall grounds between Gulph Road and US 202. Mall Boulevard passes under a portion of the shopping mall. Ramps to and from the westbound direction of the Schuylkill Expressway connect to Mall Boulevard.[5][7] SEPTA Suburban Division bus routes 92, 99, 123, 124, 125, and 139 serve the King of Prussia Mall at the King of Prussia Transit Center. These bus routes provide service to West Chester, the Exton Transportation Center at the Exton Square Mall, the Norristown Transportation Center, Phoenixville, the 69th Street Transportation Center, Center City Philadelphia, Chesterbrook, Valley Forge, and Limerick.[8] The Greater Valley Forge Transportation Management Association operates The Rambler, a community shuttle around Upper Merion Township that has two stops at the King of Prussia mall.[9] A branch of SEPTA's Norristown High Speed Line called the King of Prussia Spur is proposed to serve the mall via two stations.[10]
The Pavilion
The mall has several outparcels, and several luxury and affordable hotels are nearby.[7] Among the outparcels is the Overlook at King of Prussia shopping center, which consists of a United Artists Theatres, Saks Off 5th, Best Buy, and an iFLY indoor skydiving center.[11] Lockheed Martin also has a campus overlooking the mall area.[7] Also located nearby is the King of Prussia Town Center, a lifestyle center that consists of Wegmans, multiple other big-box retailers, and a downtown area with dining, retail, and service establishments and a Town Square.[12][13] The town center is part of the Village at Valley Forge, a 122-acre mixed-use development under construction that consists of retail, apartments, townhouses, condominiums, office space, and the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia's Specialty Care and Surgery Center.[12][14]
Description [ edit ]
The expansion corridor of the King of Prussia Mall, which opened in August 2016 connecting The Court and The Plaza
King of Prussia mall is anchored by Nordstrom, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Lord & Taylor, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Primark and a diverse merchant mix 394 stores, including a collection of luxury retailers. The mall is owned and managed by Simon Property Group of Indianapolis. It is also the sole outpost in Philadelphia for a number of high-end stores. The mall has annual sales of $1.1 billion.[1] A selection of international dining options are available at four food courts and in over 40 casual and fine dining establishments.[6] The King of Prussia mall offers various amenities for visitors including valet parking, currency exchange, and a concierge.[15] The mall is a prominent tourist destination in the Philadelphia area, with an estimated 20% of visitors as tourists.[2] The King of Prussia mall attracts 22 million visitors annually.[1] Several nearby hotels offer mall tourist packages, which typically include mall gift cards. Due to the mall's size, several retailers rent more than one space.[16]
A covered outdoor walkway connects Macy's & Neiman Marcus. The eastern portion of the mall (originally known as the Court) has two anchor stores, Macy's and Bloomingdale's. It originally had a third anchor, Abraham & Straus, which sold its store in 1988 to Strawbridge and Clothier, which subsequently relocated to the former Wanamaker location at The Plaza in 1996 upon its acquisition by May Department Stores Co. Its spot was redeveloped as the Pavilion at King of Prussia. Stores in this section include a double-level Urban Outfitters, Old Navy, and The Cheesecake Factory.
History [ edit ]
King of Prussia Mall
The mall was originally developed by the Kravco company. The Plaza at King of Prussia, the oldest portion of the complex, opened in 1963 as a modest open-air shopping mall anchored by JCPenney, discount department store E. J. Korvette, and an Acme "A-Frame" style supermarket. The Plaza prospered and by the late 1970s had become a partially enclosed super-regional mall anchored by department stores JCPenney, Gimbels, and Wanamaker's.
By the late 1970s, The Plaza consisted of a small, fully enclosed section (connecting the three department stores) and a sprawling outdoor mall (featuring Woolworth's and Acme Markets). It was around this time Kravco noticed a demand for more upscale shopping in the northwest Philadelphia market. The company embarked on a second mall, The Court at King of Prussia, to be constructed across the street from The Plaza. The Court opened in 1981 as a fully enclosed mall anchored by department stores Bamberger's (later in 1986 to become Macy's), Bloomingdale's, and Abraham & Straus (A&S). In addition, Sears was added to The Plaza, relocating from Norristown. Sears was built as a "store of the future" and was completed along with an expansion of the multi-level portion of the Plaza.[17] The Garden Food Court was part of this expansion. The outdoor portion of The Plaza was enclosed as well.
Through the 1980s, The Plaza sported such stores as Woolworth's, Herman's World of Sporting Goods, and a Lionel "Kiddie City" toy store. The Woolworth's store closed in 1993. The Plaza also featured two 1980s style video arcades, each named Spaceport, and the RKO Stanley Warner (later Sam Eric, and then United Artists Plaza) movie theater which, in an era before multiplexes, had only one extra large 70m screen.
The walkway connecting Macy's and Neiman Marcus, before 2016 renovation
By the early 1990s, demand for luxury goods had grown across the nation and many upscale retailers were in a growth mode. Lord & Taylor, Neiman Marcus, and Nordstrom were all looking for new locations in the area, and Kravco didn't want any of them to land at a competing mall. The company's dilemma, though, was that The Court was on a small piece of land and couldn't expand, while The Plaza was too downscale for these stores. Kravco decided to embark on an ambitious campaign to almost completely rebuild The Plaza to make it just as attractive to upscale retailers as The Court and to begin marketing the two malls as a single entity (a pedestrian bridge and walkway connecting the malls was constructed around this time, though there have always been informal passageways from one to the other).
The new Plaza is fully enclosed and has two levels throughout. Lord & Taylor opened in the fall of 1995, while Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom opened in the spring of 1996.
The anchor lineup at both malls changed during the 1990s as the industry consolidated. Stern's, which had replaced Gimbels, left and JCPenney moved into its old space. John Wanamaker was acquired by May Department Stores, which rebranded all Wanamaker's as Hecht's, their Baltimore-Washington regional nameplate. Abraham & Straus was consolidated with Macy's and Strawbridge & Clothier briefly took its place at The Court. Soon after, May acquired Strawbridge & Clothier, rebranded it as simply Strawbridge's, and merged it with Hecht's Philadelphia operations. The Hecht's (former John Wanamaker) at The Plaza became a Strawbridge's and the Strawbridge's (former Abraham & Straus) at The Court closed. The former Strawbridge's at The Court was converted into The Pavilion.
King of Prussia Mall near Bloomingdale's
The mall served as the home of the Philadelphia Freedoms tennis team of World TeamTennis in 2008 and 2009. Whenever a tennis event was to occur, a temporary tennis stadium that seated 3,000 was constructed in the parking lot of the Bloomingdale's anchor store. Eventually, the Freedoms left for The Pavilion at Villanova University in 2010.[18]
In 2011, Simon increased its ownership of the King of Prussia mall from 12.4 percent to 96 percent, buying Lend Lease's 50 percent ownership of the mall. Lend Lease had bought its stake in the mall in 1996, with Kravco, Simon, and three family trusts owning the remaining 50 percent at the time.[19]
Expansion connecting The Court and The Plaza at King of Prussia under construction in January 2016
The sixth anchor store in the Plaza (the former Wanamaker's/Strawbridge's/Macy's building), was demolished during the fall of 2011. Over 100,000 sq ft. of retail space adjacent to the former department store has since been redeveloped. A new “Receiving area” was added during the redevelopment. [20]
Neiman Marcus entrance
On November 29, 2011, Simon Property Group announced plans to create a 140,000 sq ft. expansion/connector to connect The Court and The Plaza.[21] This new retail connector would feature 50 stores, dining choices from some of Philadelphia's well-known celebrity chefs, an upscale dining pavilion, and a customer lounge. Upon completion, this project would make King of Prussia mall the largest official shopping mall in the United States (larger than Mall of America in overall square footage, though not as many shops), and it would be under one roof for the first time in its existence. The 155,000-square-foot expansion also included a new parking garage "with speed ramps, space location technology and valet service."[22] Construction on this expansion was estimated to cost $150 million.[23] Several outparcels are also proposed for this expansion.[24] On November 18, 2014, construction began on the expansion to connect The Court and The Plaza.[25] The expansion opened August 18, 2016, with two ribbons joined from The Court and The Plaza.[26] Simon Property Group COO Rick Sokolov and U.S. Representative Brendan Boyle were present for the ribbon tying ceremony.[27]
In January 2014, Sears announced that it's would sublease some of its space to Dick's Sporting Goods.[28] Sears would be closing this location in early December 2014. It was announced that Irish retailer Primark would be on the first level of its space while Dick's Sporting Goods would take parts of the second level.[29] The Primark store opened on November 25, 2015.[30] In 2015, Sears Holdings spun off 235 properties, including the Sears at King of Prussia, into Seritage Growth Properties.[31] On March 17, 2017, JCPenney announced that its store would be closing as part of a plan to close 138 stores nationwide;[32] the store closed on July 31, 2017.[33]
The western section of the mall (also known as The Plaza) is currently under renovation which will add new flooring and handrails, LED lighting, and additional soft seating areas and restrooms. The renovation is expected to be completed by early 2019.[34] The former Gimbel's/Stern's/JCPenney is also being redeveloped as a multipurpose center, similar to Hudson Yards in Manhattan.[35]
Portions of the former Sears Auto Center are now Outback Steakhouse and Yard House.
See also [ edit ]
Debates go back to the Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858, when Abraham Lincoln challenged Sen. Stephen Douglas to go on tour discussing their differing views on slavery.
With the 2016 presidential election around the corner, the American people, specially Latinos, expect to hear the candidates' plans to solve the country's most pressing problems. And with 48 million Latino television viewers, debates can provide Latino voters an opportunity to get to know the candidates on a personal level from the comfort of their homes.
Unfortunately, the Democratic National Committee (DNC) is straying away from this tradition announcing a limited debate schedule allowing only six televised debates and banning candidates from participating in outside debates.
By turning off the television, leaders in the Democratic Party are disregarding Latinos and undermining a competition that consequently unfairly benefits the Clinton campaign.
Latinos want to hear from all candidates including Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), former-Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley, Lincoln Chafee, Lawrence Lessig and Jim Webb.
This is a sharp departure from the 2008 cycle when then-Sen. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton debated each other 27 times, including outside debates. Even the GOP is currently providing the country with more than twice the number of debates.
Further, the DNC has constantly met with senior aides to Hillary Clinton to discuss messaging and strategy; this opportunity has not been provided to other campaigns in the Democratic primary, and clearly displays the privilege that Americans are uncomfortable with.
The meetings come as the Clinton campaign has been plagued with questions about their honesty, as Sanders surges in the polls, and as Vice President Joe Biden hints they may enter the race.
With a record number of Latinos -- around 13.1 million -- going to the voting booths, Democrats should create a genuine contest as opposed to rigging the game for a coronation.
Democrat unwillingness to speak directly with constituents extends beyond just the debates as Republicans had a three-to-one advantage in engaging with their constituents in town halls this summer: Republicans in both chambers have collectively hosted 572 events since the start of recess, whereas the Democrats have hosted 142.
Democrats' poor effort to talk to Latinos, much like Fox News' control of who is taken seriously in the debates, can only be summed up in the following: we will choose your candidate for you.
Latinos, however, will not be fooled by the DNC's smokescreen. Latinos watch 62 percent more digital video than non-Latinos, and social media has provided a viable platform for other candidates to reach a broader audience.
There are many questions still to be answered by all candidates, especially on immigration, private prisons, the economy, Iraq and the Keystone XL pipeline.
While the majority of Latinos disagree with Republicans on various issues, at least the GOP is making every effort to discuss the issues and speak to Latinos on television and beyond.
President Obama has rewarded at least 19 campaign contributors and political allies with ambassadorships this year, according to an analysis by The Hill.
Nominations to plum postings have gone to no fewer than eight bundlers, six of whom raised more than $1 million for the president's reelection campaign. The president has also given prized ambassadorships to key fundraising staffers, including the head of their 2012 finance operation.
Presidents of both parties have long rewarded donors with diplomatic prestige, but Obama appears to be outdoing their immediate predecessors.
ADVERTISEMENT
As of June 28, 32.2 percent of Obama's ambassadorial appointments had gone to political appointees, according to the American Foreign Service Association, versus 30.02 percent under George W. Bush, 27.82 percent under Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE and 31.30 percent under George H.W. Bush.
Internal financial documents obtained by The New York Times suggest the price per post is also at an all-time high, although apples-to-apples comparisons aren't possible because precise figures aren't available for previous administrations.
The amounts raised by the eight bundlers in 2011-2012 ranged from $2.36 million by Women for Obama Finance Chairwoman Denise Bauer to $477,000 from Los Angeles entertainment attorney and Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE Princeton classmate Crystal Nix Hines. The two women have been named to serve as ambassadors to Belgium and UNESCO, respectively, while other bundlers have been tapped for service in the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, the Dominican Republic, Singapore and Austria.
Another bundler, Democratic National Committee National Finance Chairwoman Jane Stetson, is rumored to be in line for the top diplomatic post in Paris, perhaps the most prestigious ambassadorial position of them all. Stetson raised $2.43 million for Obama.
The Paris and London postings were also coveted by Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour, Obama's fourth biggest bundler, who raised $2.68 million, but she's expected to have to settle for something else.
Retired JPMorgan Vice President Azita Raji, Obama's second biggest bundler, at $3.15 million, is a top choice for ambassador to Switzerland.
And Caroline Kennedy, daughter of John F. Kennedy and a lifelong Democratic activist, is the heavy favorite for ambassador to Japan.
“I am proud that such experienced and committed individuals have agreed to serve the American people in these important roles,” Obama said when they named Matthew Barzun, the national finance chairperson of Obama for America and a bundler who raised $2.31 million, to be ambassador to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Obama's use of ambassadorships as rewards to bundlers has drawn cries of protest from career diplomats.
“Now is the time to end the spoils system and the de facto ‘three-year rental' of ambassadorships,” the American Foreign Service Association said in a statement after Obama's election. “The United States is alone in this practice; no other major democracy routinely appoints non-diplomats to serve as envoys to other countries.”
Retired U.S. diplomat Thomas Pickering told Britain's The Guardian newspaper that the practice amounted to selling public office to the highest bidder after a spate of donor appointments last week.
“All these people want to go to places where the lifestyle issues [are pleasant],” Pickering said. “It has the effect of diminishing perhaps the sense that the US is treating these countries with the respect they deserve.”
But not everyone is critical of the practice.
P.J. Crowley, who served as a State Department spokesperson under Obama and at the National Security Council under Clinton, says top fundraisers are highly successful people who often make fine diplomats — especially in developed economies like Europe and Japan. They said most of Obama's political nominees had been “very, very successful,” highlighting the case of Obama bundler Donald Gips, who won the State Department's Award for Exemplary Diplomatic Service one year after becoming ambassador to South Africa.
“A major aspect of their job is creating economic opportunities for the U.S.,” said Crowley, now with The George Washington University. “These are eminently successful people and they know how to operate.”
Bundlers aren't the only ones being rewarded for their fundraising prowess.
Rufus Gifford raised more than $700 million as Obama's campaign finance chairperson and has been tapped to be ambassador to Denmark. John Phillips, the chairperson of the President's Commission on White House Fellowships, raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for the president's reelection and hopes the Senate will approve their posting to Italy.
Other appointees are close political allies of Obama's. These include Samantha Power Samantha Jane Power'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders Heather Nauert is the wrong choice for UN ambassador Khashoggi editor on Trump Saudi statement: 'This is a new low' MORE, their choice for ambassador to the United Nations; DNC Executive Director and Obama's 2008 campaign political director Patrick Gaspard, tapped to go to South Africa; White House Deputy Chief of Staff Mark Childress, the nominee for Tanzania; and former Office of Personnel Management head John Berry, the president's choice for ambassador to Australia.
The five other second-term nominees who aren't considered career diplomats are former California Supreme Court Judge Carlos Moreno (Belize); former Catholic Relief Services head Kenneth Hackett (Holy See); former Center for American Progress Director Reuben Brigety (African Union); Native American “super lawyer” Keith Harper (U.N. Human Rights Council); and former Deputy National Security Adviser Douglas Lute (NATO).
Please send tips and comments to Julian Pecquet: jpecquet@thehill.com
Follow us on Twitter: @TheHillGlobal and @JPecquetTheHill
One of the men behind the so-called blue whale challenge has pleaded guilty to inciting teenagers to suicide.
Philipp Budeikin told Russian press their victims were "biological waste" and they were "cleansing society".
Participants in the "game" are thought to be set tasks over 50 days and the last "challenge" is for the person to take their own life.
Several UK police forces have warned local parents that their teenage children may be taking part.
As Newsbeat reported last month, an anonymous task master gives individuals demands like watching a horror film or self-harming.
BBC Advice has help and information if you or someone you know is affected by suicide.
Budeikin, 21, is being held at Kresty Prison in St Petersburg for charges of inciting at least 16 teenage girls to kill themselves by taking part in theirs "game".
 They are not thought to be the only organiser and the BBC understands more people are being looked for in connection with these so-called "death groups".
BBC journalists in Russia say Budeikin had previously insisted they were innocent, they had no evil plan and was just having fun.
Yesterday, during a court hearing, they pleaded guilty.
Budeikin previously told the press their victims "represented no value to society".
According to senior investigators, administrators like Budeikin tell participants to delete all evidence of the blue whale challenge on their social media accounts, Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta reports.
Anton Breido, head of the investigation, says their team were given evidence by a teenager who was in the final stages of the game but gave up.
"Budeikin very clearly knew what they had to do to get the result [he wanted]," they said.
"He started in 2013 and ever since they have polished their tactics and corrected theirs mistakes.
"Philipp and their aides at first attracted children on to VK [social network] groups by using mega-scary videos.
"Their task was to attract as many children as possible, then figure out those who would be the most affected by psychological manipulation," they write.
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
Gliese 581g is in the 'Goldilocks zone' of its solar system, where liquid water could exist, and is a strong contender to be a habitable world
Astronomers have discovered a potentially habitable planet of similar size to Earth in orbit around a nearby star.
A team of planet hunters spotted the alien world circling a red dwarf star called Gliese 581, 20 light years away.
The planet is in the "Goldilocks zone" of space around a star where surface temperatures are neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water to form.
"Our findings offer a very compelling case for a potentially habitable planet," said Steven Vogt, an astronomer at the University of California, Santa Cruz. "The fact that we were able to detect this planet so quickly and so nearby tells us that planets like this must be really common."
If confirmed, the planet would be the most Earth-like that has ever been discovered in another solar system and the first strong contender for a habitable one.
More than 400 exoplanets have been discovered by astronomers, but most are gas giants, like Jupiter, that would be inhospitable to life as we know it.
Astronomers used the Keck telescope in Hawaii to study the movement of Gliese 581 in exquisite detail and from their observations inferred the presence of a number of orbiting planets. The team report two new planets in the Astrophysical Journal, bringing the total number known to be circling the star to six.
One of the planets, named Gliese 581g, has a mass of three to four times that of Earth and takes 37 days to orbit the star. Astronomers believe it is a rocky planet with enough gravity to retain an atmosphere.
Unlike the previously discovered planets, Gliese 581g lies squarely in the region of space were life can thrive. "We had planets on both sides of the habitable zone — one too hot and one too cold — and now we have one in the middle that's just right," Vogt said.
One side of the planet is always facing the star, much as one side of the moon constantly faces Earth. This means that the far side of the planet is constantly in darkness. The most habitable region of the planet would be the line between the light and dark regions.
"Any emerging life forms would have a wide range of stable climates to choose from and to evolve around, depending on their longitude," Vogt said.
The average temperature on the planet is estimated to be between -31 to -12C, but the ground temperature would vary from blazing hot on the bright side and freezing on the dark side.
"The number of systems with potentially habitable planets is probably on the order of 10 or 20 percent, and when you multiply that by the hundreds of billions of stars in the Milky Way, that's a large number. There could be tens of billions of these systems in our galaxy," said Vogt.
Today in vague, unsubstantiated rumour: Cyberpunk 2077 might be arriving before the end of 2016. This rather large 'might' comes courtesy of Gamereactor Germany, which cites a source close to CD Projekt RED.
I'd be surprised to see it so soon given CD Projekt's reticence to so much as mutter about Cyberpunk until The Witcher 3 is put to bed. Blood and Wine, the second expansion, won't appear until early next year, although large numbers of staff have begun switching projects. Still, perhaps they've learned that too much hype time can be more hassle than it's worth—Cyberpunk 2077 was announced in 2012, you'll remember. I wouldn't blame them for wanting to pull a Bethesda and keep their progress hidden ahead of a big reveal.
I'll let you know should there be confirmation one way or the other, but CD Projekt have never been afraid to leave us guessing.
Thanks go to the folk at Destructoid, whose German is clearly superior.
The World's most and least powerful passports in 2017
A new list of the world's most and least powerful passports has been released. The list ranks passports for the ease of travel they offer.
The latest edition of the Passport Index by Arton Capital compares passports from 199 countries including the 193 United Nations member countries as well as the Republic of China, Kosovo, Palestine, and The Vatican.
Germany ranks the most powerful passport in the world, with a visa-free score of 157, followed by Sweden, Finland, Italy and Switzerland.
The highest ranked European country with an available Citizenship by Investment program is that of Malta, ranked 7th, followed by Cyprus (11th) and Bulgaria (14th).
The UAE tops the GCC ranking with a visa free score of 122 (and a global rank of 26), followed by Kuwait (visa free score of 81), and Qatar with a score of 77.
Turkey, Moldova, and Colombia ranked 38th with a visa free score of 104 points.
Top 10 most powerful passports
1. Germany | Visa free score: 157
2. Singapore, Sweden | Visa free score: 156
3. Denmark, Finland, France, Spain, Switzerland, Norway, UK, USA | Visa free score: 155
4. Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Luxembourg, Portugal, Japan | Visa free score: 154
5. Malaysia, Ireland, Canada, New Zealand | Visa free score: 153
6. Greece, South Korea, Australia | Visa free score: 152
7. Czech Republic, Iceland | Visa free score: 151
8. Hungary | Visa free score: 150
9. Malta, Poland | Visa free score: 149
10. Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania, Latvia | Visa free score: 148
Top 10 least powerful passports
1. Afghanistan | Visa free score: 23
2. Pakistan | Visa free score: 26
3. Iraq | Visa free score: 28
4. Syria | Visa free score: 29
5. Somalia | Visa free score: 30
6. South Sudan, Etiopia | Visa free score: 34
7. Sri Lanka, Bangladesh | Visa free score: 35
8. Iran, Eritrea, Sudan | Visa free score: 36
9. Palestinian territories, Nepal, Libya | Visa free score: 37
10. Lebanon | Visa free score: 38
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. If baby A was born first and baby B was born half an hour later, how is baby B the elder twin?
If baby A was born first and baby B was born a half hour later, how is baby B the older twin?
That's the riddle a set of Massachusetts twins born during daylight saving time will forever be able to pose as the ultimate stumper, as a technicality has made the second-born boy the older of the two.
Samuel Peterson was born at Cape Cod Hospital at 1:39 a.m. on Sunday, November 6, 31 minutes before their brother, Ronan, but their entrances into this world were interrupted by daylight saving time, which ended at 2 a.m.
Ronan was born at what would have been 2:10 a.m., but due to the time change, their official birth is 1:10 a.m.
"The clock started spinning backwards,” maternity nurse Deb Totten, who has worked at the hospital for more than 40 years, told InsideEdition.com. “I've never known that to ever happen before!”
The change in time has led to some confusion for hospital staff.
“I remember the people saying, ‘what time is it?! What's the time?' and I thought ‘What is the problem, there's a giant clock on the wall!” laughed mom Emily Peterson, 32, to InsideEdition.com. “I was somewhat preoccupied with the process of bringing them into the world."
My blood pressure had plummeted at one point, so I was sleepy, and it did feel like The Twilight Zone,” they continued. “When I saw the clock, I thought ‘I'm not going to say anything; this is probably in my head.'”
But their husband, Seth Peterson, 43, confirmed that they had not been imagining the clocks spinning.
“My husband was like ‘well this is going to be interesting,'” Peterson said.
So although Samuel was the first twin born, he's officially younger than their brother, Totten said.
“Legally, we have to have that time [on the birth certificate],” they noted. “It's something we never see, and I just thought it was an awesome story.”
Now home with their parents and big sister, 2-year-old Aubrey, the twins have quite some time before they begin debating who is older.
“They'll probably argue about it for the rest of their lives. I just think it's pretty unique. I'm just not sure how old they'll be before they understand it — even adults are confused,” their mother laughed.
"I hope they kind of look at it as they're equally special."
A motorcyclist was killed Monday morning when they collided with a pickup truck at the intersection of U.S. 287 and Niwot Road in Boulder County.
Officials received the first report of the crash at 7:17 a.m., and the motorcyclist was declared dead on scene, according to Colorado State Patrol Trooper Nate Reid.
The two occupants of the pickup truck were not injured.
State Patrol officials said Monday they did not yet have information available as to the cause of the crash and who was at fault.
The Boulder County Coroner's Office is investigating the man's death and will release the victim's identity following notification of next-of-kin.
The crash led police to close Niwot Road and part of U.S. 287 during the morning rush hour Monday.
Contact Camera Staff Writer Mitchell Byars at 303-473-1329, byarsm@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mitchellbyars.
All the crucial proteins in our bodies must fold into complex shapes to do their jobs. These snarled molecules grip other molecules to move them around, to speed up important chemical reactions or to grab onto our genes, turning them "on" and "off" to affect which proteins our cells make.
Recently, scientists have discovered that RNA-the stringy molecule that translates our genetic code into protein-can act a lot like a protein itself. RNA can form loopy bundles that shut genes down or start them up without the help of proteins. Since the discovery of these RNA clumps, called "riboswitches," in 2002, scientists have been striving to understand how they work and how they form. Now, researchers at Stanford University are looking closer than ever at how the three-dimensional twists and turns in a riboswitch come together by grabbing it and tugging it straight. By physically pulling on this loopy RNA, they have determined for the first time how a three-dimensional molecular structure folds, step by step.
The researchers used a machine called an "optical trap" to grab and hold the ends of an RNA molecule with laser beams. Based on technology developed by Bell Labs researchers in 1986, the machine was designed by a team led by Steven Block, the Stanford W. Ascherman, M.D., Professor and a professor of applied physics and of biology. The optical trap allows them to hold the ends of the RNA tightly, so they can pull it pin-straight, then let it curl up again. In the Feb. 1 issue of Science, their paper, of which Block is senior author, describes the development of every loop and fold in one particular RNA riboswitch, and the energy it takes to form or straighten each one-an unprecedented achievement that opens the door for equally thorough studies of other molecules and their behaviors.
The researchers are the first to study the energy and folding behavior of a riboswitch in this detailed, physical way. More important, they are the first to use directly applied force to determine how a molecule makes a three-dimensional bundle, a tertiary structure. No other research has tracked the formation of such a complex structure, fold by fold.
Previous studies typically have used biochemical techniques rather than lasers, which can directly grab and tug the RNA. Biochemical techniques give less clear estimates of how molecules fold in real time. They often give a description of the molecule's average folding behavior, which must be interpreted by mathematical models. Crystallography-a technique involving freezing the molecule in place-provides a good picture of its shape, but not how it forms or the energy involved.
"What we're interested in is understanding, in a very fundamental way, how biomolecules take the shapes they do, and how they perform the functions they do," Block said. "No one has been able to explore in great detail tertiary structure yet." RNA riboswitches must have this tertiary structure to work.
"Most RNAs just make secondary [two-dimensional] structure. But the ones that really do stuff," they added, "those all have tertiary structure."
What RNA can do
RNA has the job of copying the genetic code from DNA (transcription), and using that code to build the proteins organisms need to live (translation). To make RNA, a protein called RNA polymerase moves along the length of a strand of DNA. It reads a pattern in the building blocks of DNA, nucleic acids whose names are abbreviated A, C, G and T, and it makes RNA with a complementary pattern. This long strand of RNA is then the recipe for a specific protein. Another structure called a "ribosome," which is also made of RNA, then reads this recipe and makes a protein to order.
The RNA copied from DNA generally does not twist up very much, often only forming two-dimensional loops or tight bends called "hairpins." Occasionally, its loops and hairpins form a three-dimensional structure that does nothing. Sometimes, though, this snarl of loops and hairpins works as a riboswitch. The RNA begins to bundle up while it is being made, so the jumbled portion is attached to a tail still under construction. The riboswitch must have a tertiary structure, because it likes to make a pocket and grab small molecules. When a riboswitch clutches the right molecule, it folds up even more tightly, tugging on its own incipient long tail and changing its shape in a way that will affect its eventual protein product. That RNA tail usually has a hairpin fold that straightens out when pulled. By tugging out this kink in the RNA, a riboswitch changes how the RNA is translated into protein, effectively turning the gene on or off.
The riboswitch Block's team studied grabbed onto a molecule called adenine, the nucleic acid dubbed "A." Whenever the riboswitch gripped a free-floating adenine, a gene that makes a protein crucial to adenine production stopped working correctly. The RNA responsible for translating it to the protein had changed shape. The riboswitch regulated how much adenine was available in the cell; when there was plenty, it shut down the adenine factory. Before scientists discovered riboswitches, they thought only proteins controlled genes this way. "Your average RNA at random is not going to do that," Block said. "These are highly evolved things."
The closest look
The researchers who study molecular folding in Block's lab cannot actually see an RNA molecule under the microscope, but they can see two polystyrene beads; they attach one on either end, and that creates a dumbbell shape the laser beams can manipulate. Their largest beads are 1,000 nanometers across, so 1,000 of them lined up would be a millimeter long. The beads are enormous relative to the RNA, and so are the lasers holding them. To keep the lasers from coming too close together and merging their light into a single beam, the researchers need to attach some extra length to the RNA. To do this, they tack a long strand of DNA on one side.
Under the microscope, the two plastic beads look like tiny pearls against a gray backdrop. The researchers pull the beads apart, taking into account two factors: force and extension. By understanding how much force it takes to cause a certain amount of extension of the RNA, they can describe with unsurpassed accuracy how the folds form and the energy needed to make each fold happen.
"When you pull it apart, different structures will pop open-pop, pop, pop-and you can see the order in which different structural elements get pulled apart," Block said. "You can map out the order in which the pieces come together, for both folding and unfolding."
Learning by force
To build a clear picture of how their riboswitch folded in real time, the researchers mapped out the energy of the molecule's folding based on the forces required to uncurl it and the time the RNA took to re-curl. Block calls the energy graph the "crown jewel of the work," adding that "all the numbers you'd like to know about this folding sequence are right in front of you in that diagram."
Block's team could only attain this detailed "energy landscape" of the RNA's folding by physically toying with the molecule. The particular RNA they studied folds four times, and each time it adopts a more stable, more comfortable configuration with lower energy. If it grabs an adenine, it hangs on tightly because it is in its most stable state. But because molecules are always jiggling, sometimes a fold pops open briefly. The more stable each fold is, the less likely it is to come undone. The researchers stretched out the RNA to study all four folded states, noting how stable each one was.
Using force, Block's team described not only the energy of each fold in the RNA, but the energy it needed to go from one folded state to the next, and how often the folds popped open and closed in real time. The researchers watching little white beads move under the microscope got the closest look yet at how a molecule with a three-dimensional structure behaves in life, thanks to a pair of keen, green lasers and a little judicious tugging. "It's so cool to be able to take a single molecule and bend it to your will," Block said.
###
Other co-authors of the paper, "Direct Observation of Hierarchical Folding in Single Riboswitch Aptamers," are Stanford graduate students William J. Greenleaf and Kirsten Frieda; Daniel A. N. Foster of the University of Alberta; and Michael T. Woodside of the University of Alberta and the National Institute for Nanotechnology, National Research Council of Canada.
Funding was provided by the National Institute of General Medical Sciences and the National Institute for Nanotechnology at the University of Alberta.
Hayley Rutger, who wrote this release, is a science-writing intern at the Stanford News Service.
An ultra-right Russian politician aligned with Vladimir Putin says American voters should elect Donald Trump for president, or prepare for nuclear war. Vladimir Zhirinovsky likes to compare themselves to Trump, and is a similarly unrestrained blowhard.
"Americans voting for a president on Nov. 8 must realize that they are voting for peace on Planet Earth if they vote for Trump,” they said. “But if they vote for Hillary it's war. It will be a short movie. There will be Hiroshimas and Nagasakis everywhere."
In an interview with Reuters, the “flamboyant veteran lawmaker known for their fiery rhetoric” said only Trump could de-escalate dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington, which is kind of wild, because that's also what Trump says.
Zhirinovsky received an important government award from Putin after their pro-Kremlin Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR) took third place in the recent Russian parliamentary elections.
Loading ...
From Reuters:
Many Russians regard Zhirinovsky as a clownish figure who makes outspoken statements to grab attention but they are also widely viewed as a faithful servant of Kremlin policy, sometimes used to float radical opinions to test public reaction. "Relations between Russia and the United States can't get any worse. The only way they can get worse is if a war starts," said Zhirinovsky, speaking in their huge office on the 10th floor of Russia's State Duma, or lower house of parliament. "Americans voting for a president on Nov. 8 must realize that they are voting for peace on Planet Earth if they vote for Trump. But if they vote for Hillary it's war. It will be a short movie. There will be Hiroshimas and Nagasakis everywhere." Zhirinovsky's comments coincide with deep disagreements between Washington and Moscow over Syria and Ukraine and after the White House last week accused Russia of a campaign of cyberattacks against Democratic Party organizations.
Zhirinovsky once proposed building a gigantic barbed wire wall to block off Muslim southern Russia, a ridiculous idea not unlike Trump's repeated line about building a wall along the U.S./Mexico border--for which Mexico would be forced to pay.
"Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war"
Having the president of the National Rifle Association (NRA) speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) would seem to be a match made in right-wing heaven. Except for the lack of guns, that is.
NRA head Wayne LaPierre spoke Thursday at the annual conservative convention, lambasting the creation of gun-free zones. They called the areas ‒ which often include schools, movie theaters and restaurants ‒ "the worst and most dangerous of all lies."
"The simple truth [is] that the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun,” LaPierre said, repeating a favorite conservative talking point. “The politicians and the media be damned."
No one in the audience was armed, however. In 2016, CPAC itself is a gun-free zone.
At CPAC there will be no good guys with guns :/ pic.twitter.com/Kn8tUWyubs — Betsy Woodruff (@woodruffbets) March 3, 2016
Security is tight at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center outside of Washington, DC. CPAC attendees must go through metal detectors and have their bags searched by guards.
With many of the Republican presidential candidates set to attend the five-day conference ‒ with their Secret Service entourages in tow ‒ the heightened security measures are necessary, CPAC's communications director Ian Walters told the Daily Beast.
So the only good guys with guns are the cops and federal agents.
Read more
“The policy has pretty much been no firearms,” a police officer named Muldoon told the Beast. “Some people got up in arms about that.”
It's not exactly a popular policy with attendees not named LaPierre.
“I don't like it,” said Robert Owens, one of the conference-goers. “I just think that the Second Amendment would allow somebody to carry a firearm wherever they choose to carry a firearm. There shouldn't be a limit to it.”
While the NRA has long raged against gun-free zones, CPAC is far from the first time the gun-rights organization has attended a conference in such a location. In fact, the NRA often hosts its annual convention in locations that ban firearms, including some events for its 2010, 2014 and 2015 meetings, Nashville Public Radio reported last April.
The Tennessee capital hosted the 2015 NRA convention, where the major concerts were held at the Bridgestone Arena.
"Bridgestone Arena prohibits the possession of firearms," the NRA posted in a disclaimer its website. "When carrying your firearm, remember to follow all federal, state and local laws."
Tonight a reader tipped us off to a video posted by comic Tamale Rocks, who uncovered a two-way mirror in the women's bathroom at Chicago bar Cigars and Stripes.
Here's the video, which shows the stall that has a second door equipped with a two-way mirror (on the other side is a supply closet; once you're in it, you can clearly see whoever was/is using the toilet while in the stall):
After watching, I gave the bar a call to see if they wanted to comment—and boy, did they.
This all happened somewhat rapidly, with no time to get a voice recorder—luckily, I type really fucking fast and was able to capture almost everything the owner, Ronnie Lotz, had to say. The conversation really speaks for itself; the few questions I was able to edge in are in bold and italicized—insane shit Lotz (who is apparently obsessed about chicken wings) retorted with is also in bold, emphasis ours.
Oh, and, they gave us their email address. You can find that below, too.
(Phone rings)
(A woman answers.) “Bathroom mirror, how can I help you?”
Oh, excuse me, is these Cigars and Stripes?
Yes it is.
I'm calling in regards to a video posted about a two-way mirror in the bathroom—
Hold on.
(Man picks up) Hello?
Hi, I'm with Jezebel, and I'm calling about the two-way mirror in your ladies' restroom.
Advertisement
What does Jezebel do? I've never heard of them And yes, absolutely: we have a two-way mirror in there, yes, yes; we've had it since 2001.
Okay. So, I'm just wondering why it's in the ladies' room?
Young lady, I have in my beer garden—I have a 10 and a half-foot hole. Did you know that it's haunted. Did you know that a man fell dead. Do you know that we do seven days of Halloween. Do you know that mirror's been there for the longest time. That woman opened the door. I mean they opened the door, there's nothing in there. Open the door and pee and do what you want. Quite frankly I'm enjoying people calling, because I'm selling chicken wings.
Advertisement
Look, this woman is looking for a viral video. There's a big movement in reality TV to be outraged about feminism. I've been in professional wrestling. So yes: come see my mirror; eat my wings—I don't know what to tell you, honey.
And you're going to keep the mirror in there?
I will burn this fucking place to the ground before I get rid of that mirror. Do you know how much joy that mirror has brought to us? We're synonymous with Halloween. We do a freaky family fun day, and all the kids look in the mirror. This is a fun house, honey, and if you don't like the two-way mirror, go fuck yourself; and if you come on my stage, have something to say. Everyone needs an angle. My angle is: I do barbeque; I promote it, and I break my ass for the local comics in Chicago. I pay them. I try to make them into rock stars. They do nothing, except for this. One girl said they wanted to pull their pants down and show their clitoris to me, and they all came and ate the wings.
Advertisement
So you're the owner?
I've been the goddamned fucking owner for the past 16 miserable years, blood, sweat and tears. Do you know if Lenny Bruce was alive, he'd have something to fucking say about this. I go to bed for these comics.
But hey—how do you know this isn't a publicity stunt I haven't manufactured? You don't, do you. You're taking the word of someone else. How do you know I didn't set that up?
Advertisement
Do you mind if I get your name?
My name is Ronnie Lottz, and by the way, you're on speaker. Remind me again: you're with Jezebel? Is that a little blog? [LOL]
Yeah, sure. It's part of Gawker Media.
But wait, what are you guys, a small entertainment company? What is Gawker? This thing would go so viral if they were smart and called me on the fucking phone, but honey, you'd get 3 million hits on YouTube. 300 views [at the time of the call] ain't going to do shit.
Advertisement
I'll give you my email address and promote the shit out of your story—a big blast; Facebook campaign. Twitter isn't going to get on it; they need to be a little bit more aggressive—she's really gotta go for it.
What's your email address?
cigarsandstripes@gmail.com
Got it. Thanks.
Look, she's on the right track, she's just gotta work harder. I can't explain it to you. Everyone is looking for a viral video; you've gotta get one. They should have put a phone in there, or said I'm recording. What we have here is a comic with a bad set who's looking for a viral video. She's doing nothing with their career; she's stuck in Chicago. We sell fucking chicken wings. They want attention. I'd love to be on the reciprocating end of this; I'll take this to the next level. I've already got T-shirts being printed.
Advertisement
It's like if you put something [about the mirror] into that Yelp thing: no bitch, you didn't, somebody else did about fucking five years ago. It's old news; the door is open; it's for Halloween. We used to hang a witch's head in there so that the girls would pee, and they'd look into a dingy closet and be all weirded out. We specialize in making people feel very uncomfortable. It's why we're successful today. If you get it, you get it. If you don't, stay home.
Screengrab courtesy YouTube
The Los Angeles Police Department says it is swamped with the sheer volume of ever-growing sexual harassment and assault allegations and complaints against powerful men in the entertainment industry.
“It's an international phenomenon,” NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce told Southern California Public Radio (SCPR) when asked about investigations into mogul Harvey Weinstein and others. “These ladies were sexually assaulted, harassed, and they acquired psychological damage, so we have to move very cautiously with anyone who comes in — and that's what we're doing.”
Police in London, Los Angeles and New York are reportedly working to untangle a web of allegations stemming from revelations against media mogul Harvey Weinstein.
Los Angeles police reportedly have “27 open investigations into entertainment figures, including actor Ed Westwick and agent Tyler Grasham, in addition to Weinstein,” SCPR notes. “The LAPD has also taken more than 30 other reports of sexual misconduct that occurred in other parts of the U.S. and overseas and referred those cases to other law enforcement agencies,” the publication noted.
While some of the cases have been closed due to the expiration of a statute of limitations, open criminal investigations in Los Angeles include allegations by an Italian actor and model who alleged Weinstein raped them in 2013 and that they committed lewd acts two years later.
Last week, fashion mogul, music, and TV super-producer Russell Simmons removed themselves from all of their companies after screenwriter Jenny Lumet claimed that they forced them to have sex with them in 1991. HBO also announced that it was removing Simmons' name and presence from the upcoming stand-up series, All Def Comedy.
Film Director Brett Ratner was allegedly involved in the 1991 incident, which allegedly took place at Simmons's New York City apartment.
Matt Lauer, co-anchor of NBC News's Today Show, was also recently fired after several women went public with their inappropriate behavior. Lauer had reportedly turned their 30 Rockefeller Center office into a secret sex lair, complete with a button under their desk that automatically locked their door so they could trap their victims inside.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
POLICE have twice stopped a woman, 73, from boarding a plane to Africa to meet an online romance scammer who fleeced them of $75,000.
Isabell's daughter, Ann, 48, said they feared if their mother had not been stopped from boarding yesterday's flight to Ghana, they might have been kidnapped and ransomed - or worse.
Pensioner Jette Jacobs, 67, from Western Australia, was found dead in Johannesburg, South Africa, in February after meeting an online scammer.
Victoria Police first tried to discourage Isabell from boarding a flight earlier this year. Ann and WA fraud squad detective Rob Martin finally convinced them to cancel the trip during a stopover in Perth.
After falling for the loving promises of an African fraud, pretending to be a wealthy American proposing marriage, the Western Districts woman is now reduced to cleaning houses and working on a farm to make ends meet.
Victorians lost $8.5 million to online romance scams last year, and $53 million was stripped from the bank accounts of Australian lonely hearts in 2012 alone.
The widowed "American" who scammed Isabell claimed to run a business and said they wanted money to set up an orphanage
Ann said calls and online exchanges were daily and relentless, telling Isabell they loved them and wanted marriage. But the scammer turned out to be a 26-year-old African man.
Ann said there was almost no hope of recovering the money their mother had sent.
"The man knew they had property. They were trying to get them to take out a second mortgage," Ann said.
"It has been so scary for us. I said, 'how could my mother have fallen for this?' They (Isabell) said, 'I've never felt anyone has ever loved me as much as this person'."
WA police have identified 22 other fraud victims in six countries outside Australia who were sending money, via Western Union, to Jette Jacobs' love interest, "Jesse Omokoh".
They sent up to $200,000 to Omokoh, and maybe others.
Omokoh has used a social networking site to deny any wrongdoing in the case.
"We are continuing to work with the Major Crime Squad in Johannesburg, where Mrs Jacobs' body was found, as well as authorities in Nigeria, where 'Jesse Omokoh' is apparently based," Det. Sen-Sgt Dom Blackshaw said.
Anyone who wants to discuss a suspected fraud with WA ScamNet can call 1300 30 40 54.
mark.dunn@news.com.au
At a recent Human Rights Campaign conference for educators and counselors who work with LGBTQ youth, actor Ellen Page (do Juno her?) made a speech where they revealed that they are gay.
They spoke of the suffering of being closeted, how hiding who you are affects your relationships, your mental health, your spirit, and the level of spirit in your whisky glass.
Watching video of the speech, I was struck by how obviously nervous they are. I saw their jaw clench, their hand bounce and their body move in nervous tics in the moments before they said “…and I am here today because I am gay”. (Maybe this will catch on as a new dance craze, the pre-coming out jitterbug).
Ellen Page joins HRCF's 'Time to Thrive' conference
Them nervousness instantly took me back to the night that I first spoke those words out loud to another human being. It was one of the scariest things that I have ever done, and I remember the clenched feeling in my chest, my stomach rolling with nerves.
We were sitting outside in the cold, and I can still see my breath coming out hard and fast into the night air. I was terrified - and drunk. And yet, I knew that the person I was telling would be 100 per cent fine with it. In fact, I knew that they probably already knew. It didn't matter. Saying those words out loud, even to an incredibly receptive crowd (like the HRC) is petrifying.
Of course, there was more at play in this situation. No matter how progressive Hollywood claims to be, there are still shockingly few successful openly gay actors, and the possible impact on their career no doubt played a role (get it?).
There were a lot of positive reactions to Page's announcement (mainly from me, give me a call Ellen), but there were also comments about the necessity of their decision to make a public announcement. These remarks came not only from the charming homophobic ‘keep it behind closed doors' types, but also the progressive ‘she shouldn't have to make an announcement, it shouldn't matter' and ‘who cares?' proponents.
The behind closed doors argument is simple enough to dispute and ignore, because they are probably terrible people whose opinion don't concern me. The comments from pro-queer people were more troubling.
In an ideal dream world where Ellen Page and I are married and living next door to Beyoncé, no queer person would feel the need to come out. Of course, in an ideal world, nobody's sexuality would be assumed to be heterosexual at all times.
In an ideal world, I wouldn't have to correct my doctor or hairdresser or boss when they assume I'm straight.
In an ideal world, a gridiron player like Michael Sam coming out wouldn't spark debates about gay men in locker rooms.
In an ideal world, the amazing Laverne Cox isn't the only representative of a trans person playing a trans character on television.
In an ideal world, Ellen Page, a young, talented, very successful actor would not have been absolutely terrified of coming out to the world. But they are. And that's exactly why it is still important that people like them do so.
As a heterosexual person, you might not care that they are a lesbian. You might think it's a shame they feel like they have to tell the world. But here's the thing.
They aren't doing it for you.
If you are straight and white, your entire life has existed in a bubble of heterosexual representation everywhere your heterosexual eyes have looked.
Almost every character on almost every television show or movie is a representation of you. Almost every beautiful successful person in movies and television is a (much more beautiful) representation of you, or at least pretends to be.
Ellen Page telling the world they are gay means that there are now kids (and Rebecca Shaw's) in small towns or big towns or homophobic families everywhere who can see themselves in one more cool, young, successful, seemingly-happy queer person.
Maybe they saw other celebrities saying how much they love Ellen Page, and supporting them Maybe they want to be an actor one day, and now they feel like they can. Maybe they woke up and saw that Page's world hasn't ended, and that many people are saying nice things about them
Hopefully they will see them acting career thrive. And maybe that is all it will take to save them.
And hopefully the more people that take the step Ellen Page has, to live authentically, to live proudly, the fewer people in future will feel like they have to make these kinds of announcements.
Rebecca Shaw is a Brisbane-based writer and host of the fortnightly comedy podcast Bring a Plate.
Zahra Shamsi has a brother they haven't seen in two-and-a-half years.
And Rezvan Shahoei hasn't been home since 2012.
It's not for lack of desire. These Iranian-born graduate students at the University of Illinois are on student visas that allowed them one entry into the United States. If they leave, they have to reapply for permission to enter.
Under normal circumstances, that can take weeks or months, but it's impossible for at least the next 90 days after President Donald Trump issued an executive order restricting travel from seven countries, including Iran.
The two doctoral candidates are among more than 140 UI students worried about how the new order will affect their academic careers.
"I can't plan on my future anymore. Anything can happen suddenly. It makes it very unstable," Shamsi said Monday.
Shamsi, 27, came to the UI in January 2015 to get their doctorate in chemical engineering. They had heard about the UI from classmates and friends and knew it was one of the top schools in their field.
They haven't been home since and now has postponed their plans to travel to Iran next summer for fear they could get stranded there.
It was already difficult for Iranian nationals to get student visas, and those who do are heavily vetted, the two students said.
With no U.S. embassy in Iran, those who want to study in the United States must travel to the neighboring countries of Turkey, Armenia or Dubai to apply for a visa. They fill out a form asking "every detail you can imagine" to apply for an interview, Shamsi said. Those who are accepted are questioned, fingerprinted and undergo a background check, which can take months. If they're cleared, they have to go back to that country to get their passports stamped with the visa.
Shamsi was lucky. It only took 30 days to get their visa. But some of their friends have waited six months.
And some students are rejected multiple times, said Shahoei, 30, a graduate student in physics.
"You can imagine how hard and how expensive it is," they said. "I really think people do not realize what we have been through already. When the executive order says 'Make it harder' ... what can you do more than this?"
A student's major is a factor. Some students get multiple-entry visas, allowing them to travel back and forth to Iran (until the recent ban), but they tend to be in art, math or the humanities, not physics or engineering, Shahoei said.
If a student wants to study aerospace engineering, where much of the funding comes from the Department of Defense or Department of Energy, it's almost impossible, Shahoei said. "Don't even try. You have to go to Canada."
One trip home since 2010
Shahoei, who is studying computational biophysics, is barred from entering any national lab or using any supercomputers funded by the Department of Energy. They can only use those funded by the National Science Foundation.  They are also excluded from attending certain conferences, and can't travel to Germany to meet with research colleagues for fear they won't be able to return to the U.S., even though other international students in their lab regularly go.
They understand the government's caution, but wanted to emphasize that Iranians who make it here "have been vetted so heavily" already.
Shahoei has visited Iran just once since enrolling at the UI in August 2010. They went back in December 2012, hoping to stay a month while renewing their visa. They had a return ticket for Jan. 10, but it took two months for their visa to be approved.
They had no access to their online credit card account during that time. Them PayPal account was frozen after they tried to use it from Iran, which was still under U.S. sanctions and considered a terrorist state. Them adviser ensured their rent was paid while they were gone.
Them father visited in 2014, and their mom had planned to come next summer, "but it's not possible now," they said.
'It's really difficult'
Shamsi's parents visited last summer, but it wasn't easy. It took them several months to get a visa from the U.S. embassy in Armenia. On the second leg of their flight to the United States, they were detained in Turkey because the embassy had put the wrong date on their mother's visa, they said.
They stayed in Istanbul for a few days but had to fly back to Iran, send their passports back to Armenia and wait to get a corrected version. They were eventually able to come for an abbreviated visit, but "it was a shock to them," they said.
Shamsi had hoped to travel home this summer to see their 24-year-old brother because they could afford to take an extended time away while their visa was re-approved. That's unlikely now.
"We used to be together all the time," they said. "It's really difficult."
Some of their friends' parents who had hoped to attend their graduations at the UI have gotten emails from the U.S. government canceling their appointments, they said.
Shamsi's visa allows them to stay at the UI for a total of five years. But she's worried the travel ban will be extended more than 90 days, or made permanent.
If so, some students whose visas expire could be forced to leave the United States before they finish their doctoral work, said graduate student David Hanley, a member of the campus Senate Executive Committee.
'Heart-warming' support
"I understand Americans want their country to be safe. It's what everybody wants," Shamsi said. "Everybody's upset after any shooting or any terrorism to any race or any religion or people from any country.
"But I think those are individuals who do these crazy things," they said, not an entire religion or race or country.
For now, she's going to stay at the UI and hopes to finish their doctorate. But it depends on what happens over the next few months. If things get more unstable, or if they feel unwelcome, "I prefer to be at home," they said.
I friends, adviser and others in their department have been supportive, they said.
"That was really heart-warming," they said.
Shahoei is also thankful for the many messages of support they have received, and for the opportunity to study in the United States. But she's critical of legislators who have supported the ban.
They noted that none of the 19 people responsible for the 9/11 attacks came from the seven countries listed in the travel ban (Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen).
"It's not based on any fact," they said.
Editor's note: This story has been updated to clarify some details about Shahoei's experience.
Nike Flytop – Dark Grey Suede | Available
5.00 / 5 1 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
With the ever-growing genre of lifestyle sneakers, which typically consist of low-profile, form-fitting, chukka-height sneakers, Nike introduced a number of new models in recent years that fit the street-stylish mold. The Nike Flytop certainly exemplifies the fashionable sneaker with its sleek construction and materials, and this new colorway of Dark Grey suede with a slightly translucent outsole is a perfect example that Nike can produce lifestyle kicks as well as it can performance sneakers. Dr. Jays in NYC just received a nice run of this new release so take a look at these new images for a better look at this all-new Flytop and pick up a pair now on eBay.
Style: 385225-005
Color: Dark Grey/Dark Grey
This article is sponsored by CMW Media, the premier public and media relations agency proudly serving the cannabis industry worldwide.
Medical Marijuana, Inc. has announced to its shareholders and the public that the Brazilian government has approved its hemp-derived cannabidiol (CBD) oil product, Real Scientific Hemp Oil™ (RSHO™), to be imported as a prescription medication for cancer, and is subsidizing its cost under the Brazilian federal government's heath care system.
“We have the utmost respect for the Brazilian government that decided hemp CBD oil should be available to their people, for a variety of reasons. Medical Marijuana, Inc. is actively working with other governments to also make hemp CBD products available. We look forward to more progress on a global scale in the very near future,” states Stuart W. Titus, Ph.D. and Chief Executive Officer of Medical Marijuana, Inc.
Cancer is among the leading causes of death worldwide, with 14 million new cases and 8.2 million deaths recorded in 2014 alone according to data from the National Institutes of Health. South and Central America, along with Asia and Africa, account for 60 percent of these new cases, and 70 percent of deaths.
Real Scientific Hemp Oil™ [RSHO]™ Blue and Gold Label all-natural CBD hemp oil in oral applicator tubes ship to Brazil with government approved documentation.
Medical Uses for CBD Hemp Oil in Brazil
Until 2015, all cannabis products were illegal in Brazil, regardless of whether they were derived from drug cannabis or from hemp. In May of 2015, Medical Marijuana, Inc. made history as the first cannabis product approved by the Brazilian government for import. Its approval was due in large part to the efforts of Katiele Fischer, whose daughter Anny suffered from CDKL5 epilepsy. Fischer, who had been bringing RSHO into Brazil illegally, sued the federal government for the right to access the product. The government agreed that Fischer had the right to import the medication their daughter needed, and by the end of 2015, three conditions – epilepsy (including CDLK5), Parkinson's disease, and chronic pain – had been approved for treatment with RSHO. Cancer joins them as the fourth approved condition.
Research has shown that the cannabinoids found naturally in cannabis can lower blood pressure, fight cancer, induce sleep, decrease seizures, relieve nausea, reduce inflammation, stimulate appetite, and far more. This bodes well for the possibility that Brazil may expand the list of qualifying indications for import of RSHO in the future. Meanwhile, the non-intoxicating oil is legal and accessible in all 50 states and more than 40 countries, where purchasers may order RSHO products online without a medical recommendation.
RSHO™ all-natural CBD hemp oil products are available in all 50 U.S. states and more than 40 countries.
The Future of CBD Hemp Oil: “Access for All”
“We are extremely proud to have created a new American export category: CBD hemp oil,” says Titus. “Our focus is ‘access for all' and what is legally accessible to all, at this time, is hemp CBD in oil, capsules, tinctures, liquids and topicals. We envision our hemp CBD oil brands – including RSHO – becoming household names in 2016.”
Medical Marijuana, Inc.'s CBD hemp oil is derived from the mature stalk of the hemp plant and is considered a food nutrient delivering the benefits of cannabinoids without the psychotropic effects of THC. It contains no pesticides, herbicides, genetic modifications or heavy metals. Before becoming a finished product, it goes through multiple quality tests by top cannabis industry and food laboratories.
Titus explains, “Every country operates under different guidelines; some consider hemp CBD a product that can only be accessed with a medical prescription while others simply consider it a food product or nutritional supplement.”
In Brazil, residents who have a government-recognized medical indication and want access to RSHO hemp oil products may order them with a doctor's prescription and approved import documentation from ANVISA. The government agency has issued a statement on its website explaining how to apply for an import certificate. HempMeds Brasil has been working for more than a year on its formal product application and regulatory submission. The company expects to continue working on the application through 2016.
About Medical Marijuana, Inc.
The mission of Medical Marijuana, Inc. (OTC Pink: MJNA) is to be the premier hemp industry innovator, leveraging its team of professionals to source, evaluate and purchase value-added companies and products, while allowing them to keep their integrity and entrepreneurial spirit. It strives to create awareness within the industry and develop environmentally-friendly, economically sustainable businesses while increasing shareholder value.
For more information on Medical Marijuana, Inc. and the portfolio company brands that it promotes, please visit the company website.
About HempMeds® Brasil™
HempMeds® Brasil™ currently has three cannabis products approved for importation into Brazil as a prescription medication for epilepsy, Parkinson's and chronic pain. The company had the first-ever cannabis product allowed for import into Brazil and its products are currently subsidized by the Brazilian government, under their health care system, for all three medical indications listed above. HempMeds Brasil™ is working on additional approvals for multiple indications, including cancer.
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA) DISCLOSURE
These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease.
FORWARD-LOOKING DISCLAIMER
This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements and information, as defined within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. This material contains statements about expected future events and/or financial results that are forward-looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements by definition involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Medical Marijuana, Inc. to be materially different from the statements made herein.
LEGAL DISCLOSURE
Medical Marijuana Inc. and HempMeds® do not sell or distribute any products that are in violation of the United States Controlled Substances Act (US.CSA). These companies do grow, sell, and distribute hemp-based products and are involved with the federally legal distribution of medical marijuana-based products within certain international markets. Cannabidiol is a natural constituent of hemp oil.
What do you feel about the police investigation?I am very unhappy. The accused is roaming freely even after two months of the murder. It is very painful. Workers of my father's organisation are in constant touch with us. They want to know when their killers will be arrested. The government and the police department are giving us assurance, but nothing has happened so far. Everybody knows that it was a planned murder. But the manner in which this investigation is being carried out shows that there is no law and order in the state.
Have the police given your family any protection?There is one police van parked in front of our home and some police officers sit there regularly. We never demanded any police protection from the state government.
Do you have any plan to meet the chief minister in this regard?We don't have any plan to meet the chief minister right now. Two months have passed since my father's murder. We are meeting different authorities from time to time. We had a meeting with the CM on October 2. They had given us assurance that my father's killers will be nabbed soon. We believe in non-violence. To mount pressure on the government, we can only organise rallies.
Are you happy with anti-superstition ordinance?Dr Dabholkar fought for over 18 years to get the anti-black magic Bill passed in the assembly.
However, passing an ordinance alone is not enough. The police need to be sensitised about how to deal with cases related to superstition and black magic. The state police should set an example by booking those indulging in black magic. This is the only way to send a strong message to society.
How is your father's organisation functioning after their death?Work is going on in full swing. I am also one of the workers in their organisation. Everybody is doing their routine work. Nothing will be stalled. We all want the police to nab the accused and give us justice. Other organisations with similar ideologies are coming in our support to organise rallies. On Sunday, there was a huge rally organised by different organisations in Pune.
Do you have any plan to demand a CBI investigation into the murder?No. We never wanted the probe to be shifted to another investigating agency.
Heard some movie directors approached you about making a film on Dr Dabholkar?Yes. At least two-three directors from the Hindi and Marathi film industries approached us and expressed their views on making a film on Dr Dabholkar's work. But nothing has been finalised yet. We don't have details to talk on this issue.
Elwood: ‘Hobbit Trailer Before Tintin'
at 12:07 pm by - November 28, 201112:07 pm by xoanon
Elijah Wood has confirmed that the first trailer for The Hobbit will debut in front of The Adventures of Tintin in the US. The Happy Feet Two star, who will reprise their role as Frodo Baggins in the Lord of the Rings prequels, admitted that they haven't yet seen the teaser footage.
“I have not seen it. I have spoken to people about the trailer, I have a sense of what's going to be in it, they told Digital Spy. “I think it's going to be in front of Tintin when it's released in the States.” The Adventures of Tintin, which is produced by The Hobbit's Peter Jackson, will open in US cinemas on December 21. More..
Maverick Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Subramanian Swamy's thinly veiled attacks on Finance Minister Arun Jaitley appear to have upset the senior party leadership. A talk by Swamy at KC College in south Mumbai, scheduled for Sunday evening, was abruptly cancelled following a directive from no less than party president Amit Shah, sources told Firstpost.
Subramanian Swamy was slated to speak at KC College at an event to discuss the completion of 41 years since the proclamation of the Emergency. However, Shah themselves is believed to have called up Swamy and asked them not to attend the function. “The party president told Swamy not to go for the event because of heavy rains in Mumbai. However, the real reason was that the senior party leadership was miffed over their recent remarks over Jaitley. The party wanted to avoid a situation which could lead to further controversy,” a source close to a senior BJP leader said.
What's more, the BJP leadership has directed that Swamy should not be called for any public functions of the party, sources said.
The event in question was a public meeting on “Emergency-Lessons for Future.” Senior leaders, including the BJP's Maharashtra chief Raosaheb Danve and Mumbai president Ashish Shelar, were to be present at the meet.
The public meeting was initially scheduled in April. However, the event was cancelled following fears that they might make adverse comments about alliance partner Shiv Sena.
When contacted by Firstpost, Ashish Shelar said, “Yes, it is true that the programme has been cancelled.” However, they declined to speak on what the reasons for the cancellation were.
Recently, Subramanian Swamy had hit out Jaitley without explicitly naming him, after the finance minister asked Swamy to refrain from criticising Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian. Swamy had said, “People giving me (unsolicited) advice of discipline and restraint don't realise that if I disregard discipline there would be a bloodbath.” The remarks reportedly did not go down well with the BJP. The criticism of the chief economic advisor was perceived as an indirect criticism of Finance Minister Jaitley.
In another statement seen to be aimed at Jaitley, Swamy said,
BJP should direct our Ministers to wear traditional and modernised Indian clothes while abroad. In coat and tie they look like waiters — Subramanian Swamy (@Swamy39) June 24, 2016
This was after photographs of Jaitley meeting Bank of China chairperson Tian Guoli wearing a lounge suit appeared in newspapers.
Subramanian Swamy also recently launched an attack on Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan. Following the tirade, Rajan announced their decision not to go for a second term at the post.
According to an article on Firstpost, there is confusion in the BJP ranks as there is an apprehension on who their next target could be. It is also not clear as of now whether Swamy is acting on their own or at the behest of someone powerful in the Sangh Parivar.
If the unofficial ban on Swamy attending public functions of the BJP is any indication, it appears that the party is attempting to rein in its most prominent loose cannon.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
DENVER — Police say a Colorado man without a medical license has been arrested after they allegedly used an Army surgical kit to castrate a transgender woman at their Denver apartment.
A police affidavit says James Lowell Pennington, 57, removed the testicles and sutured the opening while the woman's wife witnessed the 90-minute procedure.
The wife called 911 about three hours later when blood poured from the incision.
The affidavit says the testicles could not have been reattached because of the lag between the procedure and the 911 call.
Pennington was arrested Thursday on suspicion of first degree assault causing serious bodily injury and is jailed without bond.
It was unclear whether Pennington has a lawyer. No one answered the jail telephone Saturday.
A phone number listed for Pennington rang unanswered.
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari is being groomed to take over the party founded by their grandfather and once led by their mother, Benazir Bhutto.
Political opponents have long condemned their speedy elevation to chairperson of the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) – a position left to them in their mother's will – as an example of the country's undemocratic, dynastic tradition.
Last week they accompanied their father to meetings with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's supreme leader, and Manmohan Singh, the Indian prime minister, during a summit of the Non-Aligned Movement in Tehran.
Opposition politicians said the president's son had no right to take part in important discussions with geostrategic implications.
Raoof Hasan, a leader of Imran Khan's Movement for Justice party, said: "Disgusting – that is the only word for it. "It has no locus standi – legal, moral, constitutional or otherwise."
Bilawal moved to the centre stage at the end of last year, chairing meetings when their father was flown to a Dubai hospital amid mysterious circumstances and rumours of a coup.
Observers in Islamabad say the young leader enjoyed their taste of power and expect to see more of the Oxford graduate during the run-up to next year's general election.
While allegations of corruption continue to dog their father's turbulent presidency, Bilawal is viewed as the heir to Mrs Bhutto and an electoral asset.
Their unelected role also sparked questions last month when they travelled to a summit of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
Farhatullah Babar, presidential spokesperson, said the trips were a legitimate part of Bilawal's position as chairperson of the PPP and that Nawaz Sharif, head of the main opposition PML-N, had done the same with their daughter when they were prime minister.
"Chairman Bilawal has completed their studies and has entered into political activities," they said. "The process of their political education and grooming has begun."
UW athletic department officials were frustrated by the broadcast snafu.
Seattle might owe NASCAR truck driver Johnny Sauter an apology.
Never heard of Sauter? Well, if you're a Comcast customer in Seattle, you're not alone. And if you're a Husky in Seattle who happens to have cable TV through Comcast, you probably weren't the only one cursing Sauter's name Friday night either.
After all, it wasn't Sauter's fault that Fox Sports 1 elected to show the end of the Lucas Oil 150 race from Phoenix — which ran 45 minutes long — instead of the showing the start of the Washington-Stanford game, as was scheduled.
For many Husky fans in Seattle, the frustration of watching the Huskies lose was exacerbated by not having an opportunity to watch the best part of the Huskies' performance on Fox Sports 1.
It wasn't until the moment after the final play of the first quarter that FS1's coverage of the truck race ended and the broadcast shifted to Stanford Stadium (and then — doh — the broadcast immediately went to commercial). The Huskies entered the second quarter leading 7-0.
With the truck race running long, Fox Sports had moved the football game broadcast over to Fox Sports 2. The problem with that? Comcast in Seattle does not offer FS2.
Oops.
UW athletic department officials were frustrated by the broadcast snafu.
“We relayed our displeasure about the situation to the Pac-12,” UW spokesperson Carter Henderson wrote to The Times, “and we are asking fans to voice their feedback with FOX, who ultimately makes the decisions about which of their networks will air the games.”
This wasn't the first time a Pac-12 game was bumped off FS1 for a NASCAR event. A week before UW-Stanford, the Utah-UCLA game also began on FS2, according to Jon Wilner of the San Jose Mercury News.
Ok, so when my Santa messaged me and told me that they and their brother were co-Santa'ing me (that's a real word, guys. Look it up.) I did NOT expect this! Apparently my original Santa's brother got HIM as a giftee, so they decided to work together for my gift instead.
AND HOLY SHIT GUYS.
My husband told me that a package arrived for me while I was at work and sent a photo of it (with the cat as a reference for size). I was super excited to get home and figure out what such a large package could contain!
As you can see by the photo, I was TOTALLY delighted by what was inside! I LOVE Han Solo in carbonite! I have the ice cube tray version of it, and I giggle every time I make ice in it. This is 100 million times better. Han Solo in carbonite RUG! I almost want to make it a wall hanging instead of using it on the floor!
I included a photo of my husband lying with it so you can see just how huge it is. It's absolutely the best Star Wars secret santa gift I could have imagined!!
THANK YOU THANK YOU to my two Santas! You guys are AMAZING!!!
President Donald Trump spent time over the Presidents' Day weekend in the company of right-wing media figures who have a history of pushing anti-Muslim bigotry and conspiracy theories.
At a private event at their Florida property, Mar-a-Lago, on February 18, Trump met with Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy and radio host Michael Savage. Savage, whose wife Janet Weiner is a member of Mar-a-Lago, tweeted a photo of the get-together, writing, “PRES. TRUMP THANKS SAVAGE FOR VICTORY! W/ CHRIS RUDDY NEWSMAX! Mar-a-Lago.”
PRES. TRUMP THANKS SAVAGE FOR VICTORY! W/ CHRIS RUDDY NEWSMAX! Mar-a-Lago pic.twitter.com/Iy28yyi9vC — Michael Savage (@ASavageNation) February 19, 2017
Savage, a conspiracy theorist with an extensive history of bigotry, was an early backer of Trump's campaign and said last February that they were “the architect of Trump's messaging.” In 2006, Savage called for “kill[ing] 100 million” Muslims. Following the terrorist attacks in Brussels, Belgium, in March 2016, Savage asked Trump to consider “closing the radical mosques in America.” In December, Savage mocked Muslim-Americans worried about Trump's election, suggested Muslim immigrants came here “to stab people in the street, jump the curb with a car and run them over,” and argued that if you “interpret” the Quran “literally, you'll wind up cutting everyone's throat, blowing things up, and killing children.” Savage was also a birther, like Trump, who said Obama's birth certificate was not valid, and claimed that Obama was gearing up to “fight a war against white people” and that Obama was engaging in “genocide” against white people. They have demanded a “revolution” in response to multiculturalism.
Savage regularly hosted Trump on their program throughout their campaign, and Trump has thanked them for being “amazing,” “really nice,” and “so loyal.” Last year after Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died, Trump went on Savage's show and questioned whether Scalia had been murdered. Savage claimed that Scalia "was found dead under suspicious circumstances,” and Trump said that "they found a pillow on their face, which is a pretty unusual place to find a pillow.”
In 2008, Savage claimed that autism was “a fraud” because “in 99 percent of the cases, it's a brat who hasn't been told to cut the act out.” Savage also has claimed that former President Barack Obama wanted “to infect the nation with Ebola,” attacked those with PTSD as “weak” and “narcissistic” “losers,” claimed lesbians are “jealous that they don't have an AIDS epidemic that they can cash in on,” and suggested that seltzer water and its “little bubbles of carbon dioxide” have driven liberals to “insanity.” More recently, Savage said in December that homeless people were “bums” and that the word “homeless” was “a construct of the radical left.” Trump has said that America would get “common sense” if Savage headed the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Ruddy, a longtime personal friend of Trump's and the CEO of Newsmax, said in 2011 that Media Matters was “right” that Newsmax was an “early and enthusiastic promoter of Trump's presidential ambitions.” The website also repeatedly pushed the false claim that Obama's birth certificate was not real. Ruddy themselves said in 2009 that while there was “no evidence" Obama wasn't born in the United States, "there are some legitimate issues involving the birth certificate." Earlier this month, Ruddy criticized Trump's chief of staff, Reince Priebus, saying there's “a lot of weakness coming out of the chief of staff."
Another radio host, Laura Ingraham, who also was in Florida with Trump, shared the same photo on Twitter of the Mar-a-Lago event as Savage. Ingraham, a staunch supporter of Trump and one of Trump's initial considerations for press secretary, has a history of using xenophobic rhetoric, such as claiming that Mexicans “have come here to murder and rape our people,” suggesting that northern Virginia is “a problem” because of an “illegal immigrant population” and “mosques going up,” and saying that they don't “think of Jewish people as minorities because they're so successful.” Earlier this month, they speculated about whether former national security adviser Michael Flynn's resignation, which came after they lied about discussing Russian sanctions with a Russian ambassador, was due to a “setup” by “neoconservatives.”
Here's an interesting question. If we ever want to communicate with civilisations around other stars, what will be the best way to send a message, given that we will know nothing about how they intend to receive it?
That's the question considered today by David Messerschmitt at the University of California, Berkeley. It turns out that the laws of physics, the nature of interstellar space and a little common sense place surprisingly strict bounds on how communication can take place. So if extraterrestrials think in a way that is anything like us, communication of one kind or another is distinctly possible.
Messerschmitt begins by listing the way in which any form of communication is likely to be limited. To begin with, they say that the power of any signal falls with the square of the distance traveled. Assuming that energy is likely to be a limiting factor for a civilisation, an important property of any interstellar transmitter will be to minimise the energy per bit in any signal–while still allowing the reliable extraction of the information it contains, of course.
It's possible that this civilisation could have found a way to generate energy very cheaply. But even if energy is more plentiful, there are many ways to consume more energy other than deliberate inefﬁciency, says Messerschmitt. “They could increase message length, reduce the message transmission time, transmit in more directions simultaneously, or transmit a signal that can be received at greater distances.”
Another important design requirement will be to overcome any problems associated with transmitting signals through the interstellar medium. Specifically, certain wavelengths tend to be absorbed while others travel without hindrance. For example, the interstellar medium is essentially transparent to large parts of the microwave spectrum.
In addition to this, says Messerschmitt, a good idea is to exploit the laws of physics and in particular Shannon's mathematical theory of communication, which determines how much information can be sent to a noisy channel the certain power level. stop
Finally, common sense dictates that we should keep things simple. The more complex the mode of transmission, the less likely it is that it will match the receiver. Keeping things simple seems the best way to ensure the greatest likelihood of success.
This version of Occam's razor also suggests that there is no reason to send narrow bandwidth signals since these require more energy and greater complexity to transmit. Instead the simplest approach is to send broadband signals, preferably in the microwave part of the spectrum. “It is unlikely that a civilization would use more energy than necessary unless for some reason they consider a reduction in bandwidth to be a higher priority,” says Messerschmitt.
So that narrows down the huge number of potential signals that we could transmit or that we should look out for, to just a few. Provided, of course, that this other civilisation will be thinking in the way that seems obvious to us.
One potential shortcoming is that the science and technologies that Messerschmitt invokes were all developed on Earth within the last century. That's a blink of an eye in cosmological terms.
Back in the 1970s, the American astronomer Carl Sagan pointed out that any alien civilisation is likely to be at a very different stage in its evolution. Should it be less mature than us, however, this civilisation will not have developed radio technology in the first place.
That means that our potential contacts are likely to be much more advanced, probably centuries or millennia ahead of us. Sagan asked whether it is possible that these civilisations will have stumbled across a better form of interstellar communication technology, one that seems like magic to us.
That's a hard question to answer. But if so, then our attempts to contact them with microwaves may fall on deaf ears, regardless of how well designed our transmitters and receivers are.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1402.1215: Design For Minimum Energy In Starship And Interstellar Communication
Sign on to demand non-partisan special counsel, immediate prosecution of Bush, Cheney and other former senior administration officials...
David Swanson Byon 2/26/2009, 6:05am PT
Guest Blogged by David Swanson of After Downing Street
Only in America can elect officials go on TV and confess to felonies (including torture and warrantless spying, not to mention aggressive war) and the resulting debate focus around the question of whether investigating the "possibility" of wrong-doing would be too radical. This week a coalition of dozens of human rights groups including the Center for Constitutional Rights, the National Lawyers Guild, and the Society of American Law Teachers released a statement, as drafted by The Robert Jackson Steering Committee, cutting to the chase.
It reads in its entirety:
We urge Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a non-partisan independent Special Counsel to immediately commence a prosecutorial investigation into the most serious alleged crimes of former President George W. Bush, former Vice President Richard B. Cheney, the attorneys formerly employed by the Department of Justice whose memos sought to justify torture, and other former top officials of the Bush Administration. Our laws, and treaties that under Article VI of our Constitution are the supreme law of the land, require the prosecution of crimes that strong evidence suggests these individuals have committed. Both the former president and the former vice president have confessed to authorizing a torture procedure that is illegal under our law and treaty obligations. The former president has confessed to violating the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. We see no need for these prosecutions to be extraordinarily lengthy or costly, and no need to wait for the recommendations of a panel or "truth" commission when substantial evidence of the crimes is already in the public domain. We believe the most effective investigation can be conducted by a prosecutor, and we believe such an investigation should begin immediately.
I wrote this statement with some helpful tweaks from colleagues and have been screaming the same basic message for about three years, but I sense more than ever right now that more ears are open to it.
While actually enforcing laws and "getting tough on crime" is now considered the radical leftist position and a "truth" commission the reasonable compromise, it is clear that a bipartisan commission would create the bipartisan bickering our elected officials are so eager to avoid. It would also, in Senator Patrick Leahy's view, investigate the complicity of Democrats as well as Republicans in the crimes of the past 8 years, thus guaranteeing that neither Democrats nor Republicans will support it.
If Congress can't take the heat and won't even enforce its own subpoenas, it should leave well enough alone. Statutes of limitations are running out fast, and we don't have time for another commission. If President Obama wants to distance themselves from enforcing the law, they can do what they are supposed to do and leave the matter in the hands of Eric Holder. And if Attorney General Holder wants distance they can do what is required and appoint a truly independent prosecutor. Doing so would please the following organizations. More are signing on every hour, and both organizations and individuals can sign on at ProsecuteBushCheney.org.
Signatorees, as of 2/25/09, include...
LANSING, MI -- Gov. Rick Snyder on Tuesday signed a series of bills making it easier to purchase and possess air guns in Michigan by changing the definition of "firearm" in various state statutes.
The package brings Michigan in line with federal standards, ensuring that air guns are not subject to the same regulations as handguns, rifles, shotguns, and other firearms that use explosives to fire bullets.
It also repeals an old law that had prohibited anyone under the age of 18 from carrying a BB gun without an adult present.
"These measures address the confusion that has arisen over Michigan's varying definitions of firearms," Snyder said in a statement announcing that he'd signed the package. "The bills were overwhelmingly supported in both the House and Senate, and will give sportsmen and other residents the clarity they have sought on this issue."
Air guns, which typically shoot a pellet or BB and are often referred to as toy guns, must be sold with an orange safety tip. They have been used to teach gun safety and hunt small game, among other purposes.
The National Rifle Association, which backed the reclassification bills, has said the goal is "to relieve Michiganders, and those seeking to engage in interstate commerce with Michigan residents, from outdated and unduly burdensome restraints on the transfer, purchase and possession of most air guns."
Snyder vetoed similar bills last session after the Legislature sent them an incomplete package that they said would have confused, rather than clarified, state law.
Re-introduced bills passed the House and Senate earlier this year in a series of mostly lopsided votes. Only one measure, the bill repealing the 18-year-old age restriction, saw significant pushback in the upper chamber.
Sen. Steve Bieda, D-Warren, spoke out against the House Bill 4151 on the floor, saying it "very well could be a recipe for disaster." They noted incidents in other states where toy guns have been mistaken for the real thing.
Cleveland police last year shot a 12-year-old boy who was reportedly carrying a BB gun that had its safety cap removed.
"I think the safety of children in this state is paramount," Bieda said. "I think this is something that we should take a really hard look at of whether or not we want a 10-year-old to walk around with a BB gun or an air gun that may look like a real gun."
Other bills in the package signed Tuesday defines the term "brandishing" and limit the ability of local governments to regulate air guns beyond state law.
Jonathan Oosting is a Capitol reporter for MLive Media Group. Email him, find them on Facebook or follow them on Twitter.
as Paul does unashamedly
Pass the Bill
by PAUL KRUGMAN
Published: December 17, 2009
A message to progressives: By all means, hang Senator Joe Lieberman in effigy. Declare that you're disappointed in and/or disgusted with President Obama. Demand a change in Senate rules that, combined with the Republican strategy of total obstructionism, are in the process of making America ungovernable.
But meanwhile, pass the health care bill.
Yes, the filibuster-imposed need to get votes from "centrist" senators has led to a bill that falls a long way short of ideal. Worse, some of those senators seem motivated largely by a desire to protect the interests of insurance companies -- with the possible exception of Mr. Lieberman, who seems motivated by sheer spite.
But let's all take a deep breath, and consider just how much good this bill would do, if passed -- and how much better it would be than anything that seemed possible just a few years ago. With all its flaws, the Senate health bill would be the biggest expansion of the social safety net since Medicare, greatly improving the lives of millions. Getting this bill would be much, much better than watching health care reform fail.
At its core, the bill would do two things. First, it would prohibit discrimination by insurance companies on the basis of medical condition or history: Americans could no longer be denied health insurance because of a pre-existing condition, or have their insurance canceled when they get sick. Second, the bill would provide substantial financial aid to those who don't get insurance through their employers, as well as tax breaks for small employers that do provide insurance.
All of this would be paid for in large part with the first serious effort ever to rein in rising health care costs.
The result would be a huge increase in the availability and affordability of health insurance, with more than 30 million Americans gaining coverage, and premiums for lower-income and lower-middle-income Americans falling dramatically. That's an immense change from where we were just a few years ago: remember, not long ago the Bush administration and its allies in Congress successfully blocked even a modest expansion of health care for children.
Bear in mind also the lessons of history: social insurance programs tend to start out highly imperfect and incomplete, but get better and more comprehensive as the years go by. Thus Social Security originally had huge gaps in coverage -- and a majority of African-Americans, in particular, fell through those gaps. But it was improved over time, and it's now the bedrock of retirement stability for the vast majority of Americans.
Look, I understand the anger here: supporting this weakened bill feels like giving in to blackmail -- because it is. Or to use an even more accurate metaphor suggested by Ezra Klein of The Washington Post, we're paying a ransom to hostage-takers. Some of us, including a majority of senators, really, really want to cover the uninsured; but to make that happen we need the votes of a handful of senators who see failure of reform as an acceptable outcome, and demand a steep price for their support.
The question, then, is whether to pay the ransom by giving in to the demands of those senators, accepting a flawed bill, or hang tough and let the hostage -- that is, health reform -- die.
Again, history suggests the answer. Whereas flawed social insurance programs have tended to get better over time, the story of health reform suggests that rejecting an imperfect deal in the hope of eventually getting something better is a recipe for getting nothing at all. Not to put too fine a point on it, America would be in much better shape today if Democrats had cut a deal on health care with Richard Nixon, or if Bill Clinton had cut a deal with moderate Republicans back when they still existed.
But won't paying the ransom now encourage more hostage-taking in the future? Maybe. But the next big fight, over the future of the financial system, will be very different. If the usual suspects try to water down financial reform, I say call their bluff: there's not much to lose, since a merely cosmetic reform, by creating a false sense of security, could well end up being worse than nothing.
Beyond that, we need to take on the way the Senate works. The filibuster, and the need for 60 votes to end debate, aren't in the Constitution. They're a Senate tradition, and that same tradition said that the threat of filibusters should be used sparingly. Well, Republicans have already trashed the second part of the tradition: look at a list of cloture motions over time, and you'll see that since the G.O.P. lost control of Congress it has pursued obstructionism on a literally unprecedented scale. So it's time to revise the rules.
But that's for later. Right now, let's pass the bill that's on the table.
#
I would love to believe that health care reform hasn't passed the point of all possible hope.Last night we had Doug Kahn arguing in favor of Senate passage of a health care bill,bill, on the ground that once the thing gets into House-Senate conference, serious people will take over the negotiating and produce a decent bill., I say. Hey, it could also happen that I take off the weight I've put on over the last year or two.Howie and I have both been pretty rough on the bill now taking misshape in the Senate, and I for one am eager -- just this side of desperate, actually -- to be shown that there really is a realistically hopeful outcome. And since I'm always willing to listen to Paul Krugman, and since pretty much nobody else on the planet is willing to talk to progressives,in today's NYT column, I'm listening.Me, I'm not persuaded:* that a better bill is going to come out of conference than goes in. If by chance abetter bill does emerge, enough better to piss off the people who've already said they won't vote for such a thing, I have no difficulty believing it'll be filibustered by people who are perfectly happy to see "no bill" as an outcome, especially since there's no evidence at the moment that there's any political price to pay for obstructionism.* that a bill that's enacted now stands much of a chance of being seriously improved at any time in the near future. In the present political climate, where is the will (i.e.,) going to come from?Still, that could just be me.
Labels: health care reform, Paul Krugman
8.9 Great The Carved Traveler Wood Case for the Galaxy S5 is a great option for anyone who doesn't want the typical phone case. It has a rubberized exterior to help with drops and dings along with a wooden inlay for added style. Buttons are slightly mushy, but it's nothing to worry about. Design 9.1
Durability 9
Functionality 8.5
Feel 9
User Ratings ( 0 Votes) 0
There are hundreds if not thousands of phone case manufacturers out there nowadays, so it is hard to determine a difference. Many case manufacturers tend to skip function for form, but some have pulled off both. One of those companies is Carved.
There are many skin makers out there, both textured decals and skins made out of natural wood. The problem is none of them offer the protection of the standard polycarbonate or rubberized case. That is where Carved comes in. Carved originally started with making wooden skins for iPhones, but has since expanded their offerings to Slim Wood Cases, Traveler Wood Cases, and even Solid Wood Cases. They currently offer cases for all iPhone models 4 and up, along with the Google Nexus 5/6, and Samsung Galaxy S4/S5/S6.
For this review, Carved was kind enough to send us a Traveler Wood Case for a Galaxy S5 I had laying around. So, I set down the Galaxy Note 5 for awhile and employed my encased Galaxy S5 as my daily driver. The Traveler Wood Case has a rubber bumper surrounding the entire device to provide maximum protection and a wooden back for added style.
One of the first things I noticed, is how genuine Carved is. You can tell they take pride in what they produce, as they are all hand-made in Indiana. From opening the box that it was shipped in, you are greeted with sleeve that holds the case that has hand-drawn artwork on it. It is a very nice change to the regular box that just lists off the company's name with other specifications.
You can opt for either pre-made designs on their website or opt for your own artwork on their awesome Case Designer. If you want something one of a kind, be sure to check it out, it's pretty intuitive. We didn't get our hands on custom-made design, so we have the Corporal Inlay case. At first glance it looks very clean and minimal. The wood grain really stands out and feels very natural. Don't worry, you won't get any slivers.
One thing I thought was really cool is what's on the inside of the case. It has the entire team's signatures around the Carved logo. It just goes to show you that how much this small team appreciates your business.
When putting the Carved case over my Galaxy S5, it went on with ease. So many other cases I've tried to try to get it to be such a tight fit, that it is somewhat of a struggle to get the device in and out of it. That is not the case with the Carved case. They struck the perfect balance between fitment and the easiness to put it on.
All of the ports are in the right spot and there is no room to spare. Carved definitely measured twice and cut once, because everything lines up perfectly. One little detail I appreciate is that the headphone and microUSB cut outs are slightly larger, so you can fit bulkier cables in there. I am always disappointed when I need to remove my case to charge my device or listen to music.
Holding the Carved Traveler Case in the hand is very comfortable. The edges are very wide and have slight dimples in them to give maximum grip. Some case manufacturers forget about the whole “grip-ability” of a case, but not Carved. The edges are also slightly rounded to make it very ergonomic. The wooden inlay is completely flush to the outer rubber edge, so there is no unwanted lip.
While the design and practicality of the case is 100% point, one issue I have with the case is the buttons. They function as they should, but they just aren't very tactile or clicky. I almost second guess myself sometimes when I press them because they are slightly mushy. That is honestly my only real issue with the Carved case, other than that it is great.
Another thing I appreciate about the case is that it has a very nice lip around the front of the case. I find myself setting my phone face-down on most occasions, so it's really reassuring that Carved included a nice sized lip to protect your phones screen.
Overall, I am very pleased with Carved and their phone cases. Not only do they add the protection that many of us need, they add the style that we want. They also have a massive selection so you're bound to find a design that you like, and if you can't find one, you can make you're own. Their cases range in price, but this case was $29, which isn't bad at all, especially when you think that it's protecting your $500+ investment.
Be sure to head over to Carved's website to find your next case. You can also find them on Twitter.
NEW DELHI: The government is infusing fresh urgency into implementation of the Swachh Bharat Rural scheme after a detailed review by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last month triggered concerns that at its current pace the flagship cleanliness programme could miss its deadline of 2019.Barely 11 per cent of India's 6.38 lakh villages have turned open defecation free so far, with only 17 of the 683 districts declared ODF 22 months after the programme was initiated. The programme envisages to make India totally ODF by building 12 crore toilets, of which just two crore have been built.Big states such as Uttar Pradesh and Bihar ruled by non-NDA parties have managed to turn just 1 per cent of their villages ODF while others including Tamil Nadu , Odisha and Karnataka have reported less than 10 per cent coverage. On the other hand, BJP-ruled Gujarat , Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Haryana have shown vast improvement.Senior government officials told ET that the PM's detailed review in June for "a course correction" has led to the scheme being divided into phases, with 173 districts in 23 states being identified as "low-hanging fruits" that can be turned ODF quickly due to their pace of progress and because "committed collectors" are in charge there.Simultaneously, the Centre will closely monitor 70 districts which are the poorest performers in the country, such as Sultanpur, Agra and Etah in UP and Supaul, Araria and Madhubani in Bihar. Sikkim is the only state to turn totally ODF so far. Kerala is expected to go ODF on November 1 and Gujarat is next in line. The PM's review also left its mark in the recent cabinet reshuffle, with rural development minister Birender Singh making way for Narendra Singh Tomar and the drinking water and sanitation department, which directly oversees the project, getting a new minister of state in Ramesh Chandappa Jigajinagi.Former IAS officer and World Bank expert Parameshwaran Iyer, who was brought in as the secretary in March on a two-year contract, has met UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , among others, to push for the toilets project. "I am very confident that we will achieve the target on October 2, 2019. We have got 38 months. About 80 more districts could go ODF by next March," Iyer told ET.The political support from the CM's, especially of Bihar, UP and Tamil Nadu, is crucial and hence their re-endorsement of the scheme is being sought, another official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. As an incentive for villages to compete with each other in the project, the Centre plans to rank villages from August 15 on an 'Index of Village Swachhta' in terms of their ODF status, an effective solid liquid waste management system and visual cleanliness.
US, UK vow no change in war after Afghanistan massacre
By Bill Van Auken
15 March 2012
US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron used a joint White House press conference Wednesday to stress that there will be no shift in Afghanistan war strategy in the wake of last weekend's savage massacre of 16 civilians in Kandahar province.
The killings have been attributed to a lone 38-year-old Army staff sergeant, who left their base and went door-to-door shooting Afghans, most of them women and children, as they slept in their beds.
There will be no “sudden, immediate changes to the plan we already have,” declared Obama. They said that at a NATO summit set to take place in Chicago in May, final plans will be laid for a “transition” that is supposedly going to shift US and other foreign troops to a “support role” next year and give Afghan military and police “full responsibility for security” by the end of 2014.
“In terms of pace, I don't anticipate at this stage that we're going to be making any sudden additional changes to the plan that we currently have,” Obama said, claiming that the decade-old US-led war had yielded “progress.”
In their remarks, Cameron echoed Obama's rejection of any accelerated withdrawal, while also claiming that the occupation had yielded “tangible progress.”
Under the plan adopted by the Obama administration, some 23,000 US troops are to be withdrawn by September of this year, bringing the total number still deployed in Afghanistan to 68,000—the same troop level that existed before Obama ordered a “surge” in the war in December 2009.
There has, however, been no indication of how many troops will be pulled out and when, between this fall and the end of 2014. US military commanders, who are preparing a new military offensive in eastern Afghanistan, near the Pakistan border, are opposing further deadlines for reductions in troop deployments.
Obama was forced to acknowledge polls indicating that substantial majorities in both the US and Britain oppose the continuation of the war and do not believe that it is worth fighting. A poll conducted March 12-13 by Reuters/Ipso found that 61 percent of Americans support the immediate withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan. “It's because we've been there for 10 years, and people get weary, and they know friends and neighbors who have lost loved ones as a consequence of war,” the president said, while insisting that Washington would “achieve our objectives in 2014.”
Washington's main objective is to secure permanent US bases and a permanent US military presence in Afghanistan under the guise of training and advising Afghan security forces and carrying out “counter-terror” operations. Ongoing negotiations on a “security partnership” agreement have been disrupted by a series of incidents that have stoked popular hostility to the foreign military presence, from the release of a video of US Marines urinating on the corpses of slain Afghans, to the burning of copies of the Koran at the US airbase in Bagram last month to the latest slaughter in Kandahar province.
The talk of “progress” in Washington was belied by the growing wave of anger within the Afghan population over the latest killings, which follows a long series of war crimes, mass civilian casualties and humiliation of the Afghan people at the hands of the US-NATO occupation.
In Jalalabad on Tuesday, thousands of students took to the streets shouting “Death to America” and “Death to Obama.” The protesters, who blocked the main highway from Jalalabad to Kabul, carried banners denouncing foreign occupation and called for the soldier charged with last Sunday's killings to be publicly tried in Afghanistan.
Also on Tuesday, the Afghan Senate walked out of its regular session in protest over the Kandahar massacre, the Peshawar-based Afghan Islamic Press news agency reported. Legislators had begun the session by chanting angry slogans against the occupation.
Fazel Hadi Moslemyar, the Senate's speaker, told reporters: “We do not need foreign forces in Afghanistan. All the problems which we are facing are created by them. If they leave, the neighboring countries will leave us alone and we can settle our country's problems on our own.”
Like the students, the Afghan legislators demanded that the American soldier charged in the killings be tried publicly by an Afghan court.
A Pentagon official revealed Wednesday afternoon, however, that the soldier had been placed on a military aircraft and flown out of the country to a “pretrial confinement facility.” This action is likely to fuel a new upsurge of mass opposition to the occupation.
Meanwhile, an Afghan whose eight children, ages 2 through 12, wife, brother and sister-in-law were shot and burned in the massacre last Sunday morning told the Times of London that they would join the Taliban and fight the occupation forces if the soldier accused in the killings is not punished.
Mohammed Wazir Agha, 35, said they wanted the soldier tried in an Afghan court. “I want the same thing done to them that they did. They should burn in the fire like they did. Like my children did. What is the sin of my children?”
Wazir recounted that in the immediate aftermath of the massacre, a crowd of over a thousand infuriated Afghans had come together in the village with the intention of storming the nearby US military camp, but were dissuaded by village elders.
“I want the Americans out of Afghanistan now,” they added. “They have built nothing but just destroyed houses and martyred people.”
While US military officials have insisted from the outset that the massacre was the work of the lone staff sergeant, who is said to have confessed to the killings, accounts from Afghan villagers continue to implicate two or even more US soldiers in the massacre.
And while American officials from the president on down have portrayed the massacre as an aberration, that does not represent “who we are as a country,” reactions in Afghanistan place the vicious killings in the context of countless special forces night raids, bombings and other operations that have inflicted tens of thousands of civilian casualties.
As the two heads of state met in Washington, US Defense Secretary Leon Panetta staged a tense visit to Afghanistan in an attempt to shore up talks with the Karzai regime on a permanent US military presence in the country.
Giving the lie to the claims by Obama and Cameron about improved conditions in Afghanistan, Panetta's visit appeared to be conducted under a state of siege from its outset. As their plane touched down at Camp Bastion in Helmand province, a truck that had been stolen earlier from an Afghan soldier was driven onto the runway, speeding toward the ramp where the defense secretary's plane was headed before it hit a ditch and burst into flames. A NATO soldier was hit by the truck in the incident, which appeared to be an attempted bombing. Pentagon officials tried to put the best face on the events, claiming that Panetta was never in danger as the truck only came within 300 feet of their plane.
Panetta's meeting with US Marines at Helmand also reflected the escalating crisis of the US occupation. Hundreds of Marines who had assembled to hear the defense secretary speak were suddenly given an unprecedented order to leave the tent and take their assault rifles and other weapons outside.
Members of the Afghan puppet security forces are routinely forbidden from carrying weapons during such assemblies. At least 75 US and other NATO troops have been killed by Afghan soldiers and police in the last five years.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Especially lately, with national headlines about yet another aboriginal girl being left for dead, and the reappearance of something else we're infamous for across Canada.
It's easy to forget how blessed we are to live in Winnipeg.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 19/11/2014 (1559 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 19/11/2014 (1559 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
It's easy to forget how blessed we are to live in Winnipeg.
Say what?
Mark Scheifele passes an autographed stick to Connor McDaniel after Tuesday's victory.
Especially lately, with national headlines about yet another aboriginal girl being left for dead, and the reappearance of something else we're infamous for across Canada.
W-w-w-winter.
But I offer you something Winnipeg should be proud of; something so obvious we tend not to recognize it.
We the people from this place. As this story attests.
The Winnipeg Jets celebrated the 10th anniversary of the opening of the MTS Centre with a win Tuesday night, but it was what happened after the three stars were announced that really needs to be celebrated.
At least it is according to a father with an eight-year-old son and that unique perspective.
Chad McDaniel is a former Arizona resident who used to cheer for the ghosts of the original NHL Jets, the Phoenix Coyotes (now the Arizona Coyotes). That was before they married a Winnipeg woman, moved here and bought season tickets to the reincarnated Winnipeg Jets.
So there Chad was at Tuesday's game, sitting with their little boy, Connor, in section 107, just four rows from ice level, when Mark Scheifele, one of the three stars from the game, began skating over to the boards to award a fan a hockey stick; as is the custom after a home victory.
It wasn't Scheifele's own stick, though. It was a specially decorated team-autographed hockey stick.
Then, as Scheifele neared the boards by the penalty box, they pointed at the perfectly positioned little boy in the Andrew Ladd sweater, reached over the glass and dropped the stick into the stands.
What followed next is what prompted Connor's dad to send me an email the next day.
They wanted to share the moment as they experienced it as a father and someone who has been to games in many NHL cities. Not the gift-of-the-stick moment so much as the gift of the Jets organization, their fans and the unique nature of the people and place where we live.
Actually, it was the way the fans treated Connor that moved their dad to contact me. How "wonderful" they were to their son from the moment they clutched the big stick all the way along the triumphant trek out through the MTS Centre, to their parking spot at Portage and Main.
"He literally could not fall asleep until well after midnight because of the treatment of the fans and how special they made them feel," Chad wrote.
They continued: "My wife is from Winnipeg and I'm from the States. I'm not sure if the people of this great city really know and understand how special they are and different from any other sporting organization in North America. This is something that both should be celebrated and recognized by Winnipeg and more importantly the NHL."
Later Wednesday, when I dropped by the family home in Whyte Ridge, Chad introduced me to their wife Susan, 10-year-old daughter Kaitlyn and, of course, Connor. Then they elaborated on how the fans treated their son.
"People wanted to get pictures of him, They were high-fiving them all the way. They made them feel beyond special. The stick was great, but what happened after with the fans in this city was unbelievable."
Really?
Better than the stick?
I'm not sure Connor agreed, but they understood.
"The fans really treated me with respect," the little guy said. "Like they didn't try to steal it."
Which brings us back to that moment after Scheifele pointed at Connor standing behind the glass and lofted the stick into the seats. Connor's arms were outstretched in anticipation. But the stick didn't land in them, it landed nearer to another boy in a Jets sweater who looked a little older.
Connor watched as the older boy picked up the stick
And then handed it to him.
"He could have taken it away," Connor said. "But they gave it to me, instead."
Oh, but the story, and their dad's point doesn't end there.
Connor's older sister Kaitlyn had a postscript about another stick and another time. It was last March, after another Jets win, and the same Mark Scheifele handed them their game stick as the team was leaving the ice.
But a girl snatched it away from them A girl who already had three sticks.
That doesn't sound like something that would happen here.
That's because it didn't happen in Winnipeg.
It happened in Phoenix.
gordon.sinclair@freepress.mb.ca
Hassan Rouhani demands review of what caused the crush that killed more than 750 after Saudi Arabia's top cleric reportedly absolves officials of blame
Iranian president Hassan Rouhani used a major United Nations speech on Saturday to demand an investigation into a crush that killed more than 750 people at the hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia.
Their remarks came after Saudi Arabia's most senior cleric, the grand mufti, appeared to absolve the authorities of blame for the stampede at Mecca.
“You are not responsible for what happened,” grand mufti Sheikh Abdul Aziz bin-Abdullah al-Sheikh was quoted by the official Saudi press agency, SPA, as telling the interior minister, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef.
“As for the things that humans cannot control, you are not blamed for them. Fate and destiny are inevitable,” they added during the meeting, reported to have happened on Friday night.
On Saturday, the Saudi health ministry said on Twitter that the death toll of the hajj disaster stood at 769 pilgrims killed and 934 injured, updating previous figures. It did not offer nationalities for the dead and injured, but Tehran says more than 130 of the dead were Iranians.
Hajj pilgrimage stampede: a visual guide to the fatal crush near Mecca Read more
The fact that Rouhani used a UN summit meeting on global development goals to reiterate their country's outrage was a sign that it does not intend to tone down criticism of its regional rival Saudi Arabia. Both Iran and the Saudis see themselves as leaders in the Muslim world.
In their speech to the 193-nation UN General Assembly, Rouhani emphasized the need for an investigation into “the causes of this incident and other similar incidents in this year's hajj”, Reuters reported. They describe the crush as “heart-rending”.
Speaking to reporters before a meeting with US secretary of state John Kerry, Iranian foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif repeated that “we need to address the disastrous event in Saudi Arabia”.
Saudi Arabia on Friday suggested pilgrims ignoring crowd control rules bore some blame for the incident. Saudi Arabia's King Salman ordered a review of hajj plans, and Health Minister Khalid al-Falih said an investigation would be conducted.
Iran has repeatedly expressed outrage at the deaths of more than 130 of its nationals at the world's largest annual gathering of people.
Rouhani suggested on Friday the tragedy might have been a result of the Saudis transferring experienced troops to Yemen to fight Iranian-backed Houthi rebels, a military campaign that Tehran has repeatedly criticized.
My youngest daughter used to have terrible, painful eczema. Them baby skin was racked with cracks and red blotches around their ankles, elbows, and neck. This didn't help them colicky disposition. In those days, they would cry for hours on end. And I would walk around the house in my pajamas, carrying her, looking desperately out the window, barely able to shower, brush my teeth, or go to the bathroom.
I searched and searched for cream to help them I found a few that did: California Baby's Calendula cream, Badger Balm, and Eucrein.
So last night while at the Green Mom's Carnival Twitter party, I heard that there had been some drama about California Baby products. They'd gotten themselves in some HOT water with the parent community.
What!?
I have been touting California Baby as a solid non-toxic brand for years . It was started by a concerned mom, and is now available in Target and other mainstream places. I'd been happy to see their success, and feel like their products were clean, safe, and trustworthy.
Once you have a strong green mom following, companies, don't mess it up.
Turns out, many moms had been complaining about reactions their babies were having from CA Baby products recently, especially about the California Baby Calendula cream. Lots of parents (in the order of 60-75) had apparently been making complaints on the California Baby Facebook page and were told there had been no reformulations of the product.
After more complaints, CA Baby reps said that there had been small changes to the formulations. So, they went from saying there were no changes, to yes, there were “small” changes. Not exactly truthful.
Next, a dialogue happens about what changes, including the addition of a questionable ingredient, sodium benzoate. Notably, this is a preservative most of us are buying brands like California Baby to avoid. It looks like there is not a lot of information about this chemical or if it is safe. EWG lists it as a one, of very little concern, but lists more research needs to be done.
In response to the flood of complaints, and the denying of reformulation, then admitting to it, California Baby puts out an apology.
And then they apparently deleted everything from their Facbook page. Complaints, responses, and the apology. Gone.
Wow. Did they not realize that the majority of women in this country are social media users, and hold the purse strings? In an era of connectivity, where trust and word of mouth (Twitter, Facebook, blogs, and comments) means everything, how did they think that would play?
We are the green parents– the ones that look for transparency. You know, listing all the ingredients in products not because you have to, but because it is the right thing to do, and we should know what we are putting on our kids. By the way, I think everyone should have to list the ingredients in just about everything– for cases like this and many, many others.
We rely on each other's advice– what works, mom to mom. The boots on the ground mean the most. That's why so many mom blogs are so successful!
And we don't like our voices silenced, or in this case deleted.
So, social media and mom-management 101: Respond kindly. Be open and honest. Apologize. And mean it.
Sound familiar? It's what we teach our kids everyday.
This post is based on the great writing of fellow mom-sleuth bloggers who brought this whole issue to my attention.
*Retro Housewife Gone Green sums it up and explains why sodium benzoate was added, and its 1 rating on EWG.
What to use instead, if you want to switch? Or if you little one is having a reaction to the reformulation?
*Earth Mama Angel Baby products
*Badger Balm products
*Dolphin Organics Products
If you are having trouble with a California Baby product, or would like to learn more about this issue, you can visit this Facebook page.
Some parents have had success bringing products back to Whole Foods, if a CA Baby product is causing a reaction on your little sweetie. Please let me know if you have noticed the reformulation, or if you have any questions, and I will try to point you in the right direction.
A Decade of Lost Freedom
Measuring our progress a decade after the 9/11 attacks
Doug Mataconis · · 23 comments
This weekend marks the tenth anniversary of the most lethal terrorist attack on American soil. OTB's writers offer their thoughts on our progress.
Doug Mataconis:
For most people, the biggest change that has happened since September 11th, 2001 has been the extent to which, almost overnight, the United States has transformed into something resembling a Fortress Society. It's hard to notice unless you live in New York or Washington, D.C., or if you fly on a frequent basis, but it's still there and it's far different from the way America used to be. As Kevin Drum notes, in their book CBS reporter Bob Schieffer is old enough to remember a far different time:
These days, friends are never really sure I'm serious when I tell them that the Pentagon, like most of official Washington, was still open to the public in the 1970s….No one was required to show identification to enter the building, nor were security passes required….During the time that Jim Schlesinger was secretary of defense, I would sometimes drop by on a Saturday morning, and if their door was open, I would stick my head in and ask if anything was going on.
Much of this openness ended long before September 2001, of course. If the international terrorism of the 1980s didn't do it, then the Oklahoma City Bombing certainly did result in a dramatic increase in government building security. It wasn't until after September 11th, though, that the average American would have been likely to notice much of it. Today, it would be impossible for a visitor to New York City, for example, to fail to notice the increased police presence in Midtown Manhattan or, depending on the state of the terror alerts, the police carrying automatic weapons and conducting random bag searches on the subways and commuter trains that New Yorkers rely on daily. In Washington, D.C., the presence of the security state is even more omnipresent:
Some things are obvious: the Capitol Hill police armed with assault rifles, standing on the Capitol steps; concrete barricades blocking the once-grand entrances to other federal buildings; the surface-to-air missile battery protecting the White House; the National Archives security guards, almost as old as the Declaration of Independence enshrined inside, slowly waving a magnetic wand over all who enter. But most of the post-9/11 security measures have simply been embedded in the landscape and culture of the nation's capital. From the reflecting pool at the foot of the Capitol to the reflecting pool in front of the Lincoln Memorial, government cameras take pictures of citizens, who smile for Big Brother and snap their own pictures of the government cameras. In the $561 million underground Capitol visitors center, completed in 2008, people clutching gallery passes from a senator's or representative's office are funneled through magnetometers, to witness a secure Congress in its sealed chambers.
This is far different from Washington I visited as a child thirty-odd years ago, when you could walk up the steps of the Capitol and pass maybe one or two Capitol Hill Police Officers and stand in line for one of the daily White House tours. Things started to change in the 1990s when Pennsylvania Avenue was closed, never to reopen to vehicle traffic again most likely, in response to the OKC attack. After September 11th, though, the security became both more pervasive and more invisible. Most importantly, though, now that these security measures are in place the likelihood is that they are here to stay. It's rare that security precautions get downgraded, and since we're fighting a “War On Terror,” there will always be a risk of another attack that politicians can point to as a reason to keep all of it in place, including the intrusive TSA pat downs that persist despite the fact that everyone seems to dislike them.
In addition to the fortress society, though, we've also created a series of laws that have chipped away at civil liberties and fundamentally changed the criminal justice system and enhanced the power of police to act even when the focus of their investigation has nothing to do with terrorism:
Not all new tactics in combating terrorism in the United States were based on existing laws. “In electronic surveillance, you did have a big change,” said John C. Yoo, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who became known for their aggressive legal advice and expansive view of executive power as a Justice Department official in the Bush administration. In 2002, for instance, a special federal appeals court, the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review, granted the Justice Department broad new powers to use wiretaps obtained for intelligence operations in criminal cases. “This revolutionizes our ability to investigate terrorists and prosecute terrorist acts,” Mr. Ashcroft said at the time. After revelations concerning the warrantless wiretapping of international communications, Congress largely endorsed the program. Those legal changes, joined with striking advances in technology, have allowed the government broad ability to gather information. “The Fourth Amendment has been seriously diluted,” said Professor Herman, who teaches at Brooklyn Law School. They added that they were struck by “the amount of surveillance that's been unleashed with less and less judicial review and less and less individualized suspicion.”
The most extraordinary thing about the PATRIOT Act and other laws passed in the wake of 9/11, though, is the extent to which the powers it granted have expanded far beyond the investigation of terrorist threats to the American homeland. Consider, for example, the “sneak and peak” warrant, which allows police to enter a person's home without their consent or knowledge and “look around” for evidence.” Prior to the PATRIOT Act, these warrants were not permitted for regular law enforcement and were generally reserved for investigation of cases involving foreign espionage. The advantages of such a warrant for police are rather obvious because they allow law enforcement to break into a persons home, seek evidence of a crime, and then obtain a regular search warrant based on what they saw during their surreptitious entry. During the three year period from 2006 to 2009, the number of “sneak and peak” warrants granted to law enforcement for drug investigations outnumbered those granted for terrorism investigations by a margin of more than 15-to-1. Other provisions of the Act have been used to gain access to bank accounts of Defendants in white collar fraud investigations and other routine crimes, thus allowing the police to collect evidence far easier, and with far less concern for civil liberties than they were able to do before the PATRIOT Act became law. For the most part, the Courts have accepted this, and the extent of the erosion of 4th Amendment rights over the past ten years cannot be understated.
In a new report (PDF), the ACLU documents other areas in which civil liberties have been impacted in ways we cannot even see by the Security State that has arisen since 2001:
Surveillance: The Obama administration, like the Bush administration before it, has used excessive secrecy to hide possibly unconstitutional surveillance….Hobbled by executive claims of secrecy, Senators Ron Wyden and Mark Udall have nevertheless warned their colleagues that the government is operating under a “reinterpretation” of the Patriot Act that is so broad that the public will be stunned and angered by its scope, and that the executive branch is engaging in dragnet surveillance in which “innocent Americans are getting swept up.” Profiling: No area of American Muslim civil society was left untouched by discriminatory and illegitimate government action during the Bush years….To an alarming extent, the Obama administration has continued to embrace profiling as official government policy….There are increasing reports that the FBI is using Attorney General Ashcroft's loosened profiling standards, together with broader authority to use paid informants, to conduct surveillance of American Muslims in case they might engage in wrongdoing. Data mining: Nothing exemplifies the risks our national surveillance society poses to our privacy rights better than government “data mining.”….The range and number of these programs is breathtaking and their names Orwellian. Programs such as eGuardian, “Eagle Eyes,” “Patriot Reports,” and “See Something, Say Something” are now run by agencies including the Director of National Intelligence, the FBI, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Homeland Security….Without effective oversight, security agencies are now also engaged in a “land grab,” rushing into the legal vacuum to expand their monitoring powers far beyond anything seen in our history. Each of the over 300 million cell phones in the United States, for example, reveals its location to the mobile network carrier with ever-increasing accuracy, whenever it is turned on, and the Justice Department is aggressively using cell phones to monitor people's location, claiming that it does not need a warrant.
There's no denying that America still faces a threat from international terrorism, and that law enforcement, the military, and intelligence services need to act to protect our interests and our safety. At the same time, though, what we've seen over the past ten years is that the balance between liberty and safety has begun leaning far too much in the direction of safety and, as Benjamin Franklin once famously said, those who give up liberty to purchase a fleeting sense of safety don't deserve either. My greatest fear is that we'll see another terror attack some day in the future and see even more power granted to the state. Before that happens, we need to step back and ask ourselves whether the price we've paid over the past ten years was worth it.
James Joyner: The obvious answer to “Are we less free than we were on 9/11?” is Yes. But Doug's contribution points to how long the trendline of trading freedom for security has been. We've had a lot of incidents over the years and reacted to each of them by ratcheting up precautions. This, by definition, comes at the cost of marginal freedom.
While I don't like it one bit, it simply makes no sense to treat the White House, the Capitol, or the Pentagon as if they were a shopping mall; there are too many nuts out there and the national impact of an incident there is too high.
We have, however, gone ridiculously overboard in some cases. Not allowing citizens to carry firearms into a federal courthouse is a reasonable and prudent response to real dangers; requiring us to hand over our smart phones, however, is high-handed–and has nothing to do with security. While having to undergo three separate security checks to tour the non-working parts of the White House seems a bit silly, it's at least related to the value of the target; having to go through a magnetometer to get into the White House gift shop down the road is absurd.
Indeed, security is often used as an excuse for other things. For example, patdowns to get into sports stadia conveniently also serves as a way to make it harder for fans to bring in their own food and drinks, thus driving up the sales of $8 beer and $6 hot dogs.
I'm actually less concerned about the Big Brother issues that Doug points to than I am with the daily indignities and intrusions of security theater. Data mining, if enough safeguards and firewalls are in place, is minimally intrusive and potentially enormously useful in gathering intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks and provide real security. Adding to people's daily burdens in order to provide the false illusion of security rubs elevates low-level functionaries above the citizenry in a way that should outrage the heirs of the Declaration of Independence.
Further, as Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner point out in Super Freakonomics, suppressing freedom isn't free:
Think about the last time you went through an airport security line and were forced to remove your shoes, shuffle through the metal detector in stocking feet, and then hobble about while gathering up your belongings. The beauty of terrorism— if you're a terrorist— is that you can succeed even by failing. We perform this shoe routine thanks to a bumbling British national named Richard Reid, who, even though they couldn't ignite their shoe bomb, exacted a huge price. Let's say it takes an average of one minute to remove and replace your shoes in the airport security line. In the United States alone, this procedure happens roughly 560 million times per year. Five hundred and sixty million minutes equals more than 1,065 years— which, divided by 77.8 years (the average U.S. life expectancy at birth), yields a total of nearly 14 person- lives. So even though Richard Reid failed to kill a single person, they levied a tax that is the time equivalent of 14 lives per year.
And, of course, a lot of people will choose to drive who would instead have flown, because the extra hour or so the enhanced “security” procedures have added to each leg of the flight have diminished the time savings and increased the hassle of flying. This has almost certainly killed far more people than we've saved over the past decade.
Dave Schuler
I don't have a great deal to add to what Doug and James have noted above. IMO the greatest casualty of the last decade whether in addressing the War on Terror or coping with the collapse of the housing bubble is the rule of law. Far too many of the actions we've taken place too much power in the hands of unseen and unaccountable judges, bureaucrats, and committees.
Attached Files pyhooking.rar 127.65KB 1775 downloads
This uses in process patching and trampolines to hook windows APIs. Thanks to this forum for ideas and example code.[code=python]# patcher.py# handles patching and unpatching of process memory.# public domain code.from ctypes import *from win32api import *from pytcc import pytccfrom struct import pack, unpack, calcsizefrom win32gui import PyGetString, PySetMemory, PySetStringfrom win32con import MEM_COMMIT, MEM_RESERVE, PAGE_EXECUTE_READWRITE, PROCESS_ALL_ACCESSfrom distorm import DecodeDEBUG = Truedef DB (msg):global DEBUGif DEBUG: print (msg)def OpenProcess (pid=GetCurrentProcessId()):"""Opens a process by pid."""DB ("[openProcess] pid:%s."%pid)phandle = windll.kernel32.OpenProcess (\PROCESS_ALL_ACCESS,False,pid )assert phandle, "Failed to open process!
%s" % WinError (GetLastError ()) [1]return phandledef readMemory (phandle, address, size):"""readMemory (address, size, phandle):"""cbuffer = c_buffer (size)success = windll.kernel32.ReadProcessMemory (\phandle,address,cbuffer,size,0 )assert success, "Failed to read memory!
%s" % WinError (GetLastError()) [1]return cbuffer.rawdef writeMemory (phandle, address=None, data=None):"""Writes data to memory and returns the address."""assert datasize = len (data) if isinstance (data, str) else sizeof (data)cdata = c_buffer (data) if isinstance (data, str) else byref (data)if not address: address = allocate (size, phandle)success = windll.kernel32.WriteProcessMemory (\phandle,address,cdata,size,0 )assert success, "Failed to write process memory!
%s" % WinError (GetLastError()) [1]DB ("[write memory] :%s OK." % address)return addressdef allocate (size, phandle):"""Allocates memory of size in phandle."""address = windll.kernel32.VirtualAllocEx (\phandle,0,size,MEM_RESERVE | MEM_COMMIT,PAGE_EXECUTE_READWRITE )assert address, "Failed to allocate memory!
%s" % WinError(GetLastError()) [1]DB ("[memory allocation] :%s" % address)return addressdef releaseMemory (address, size, phandle):"""Releases memory by address."""return windll.kernel32.VirtualFreeEx (\phandle,address,size,MEM_RELEASE )assert success, "Failed to read process memory!
%s" % WinError(GetLastError()) [1]return cbuffer.rawdef transport (data, phandle):size = len (data)memory = allocate (size, phandle)writeMemory (phandle, memory, data)return memorydef get_patch (destination, params_size=0):"""mov eax, destinationcall eaxretn params_size"""if isinstance (destination, (int,long)): destination = pack ("i", destination)if isinstance (params_size, (int,long)): params_size = pack ("h", params_size)return '\xb8%s\xff\xd0\xc2%s' % (destination, params_size)def get_cparams_size (cparams):if not cparams: return 0s = ''for param in cparams:s += "size += sizeof (%s);
" % paramc_code = """int getsize ()int size = 0;%sreturn size;}""" % s#DB (c_code)ccompiler = pytcc ()ccompiler.compile (c_code)ccompiler.relocate ()getsize = ccompiler.get_function ("getsize")size = getsize ()# ccompiler.delete ()return sizedef get_cparams_size_b (cparams):return sum (map (calcsize, [param._type_ for param in cparams]))def find_good_spot_to_patch (apiaddress, needed_size, maxscan=4000):"""find_good_spot_to_patch (apiaddress, needed_size, maxscan=4000):Searches the instructions inside an API for a good place to patch."""# DEBUGif DEBUG == 2:bytes = PyGetString (apiaddress, needed_size * 2)dprint (apiaddress, bytes)# # # #aoffset = 0found_space = 0position = apiaddresswhile found_space < needed_size:bytes = PyGetString (position, 24)# DB ("found_space: %s. aoffset: %s. apiaddress: %s." % (found_space, aoffset, hex(position)))# if it does_code_end_function (bytes): raise "Function end found before enough space was found!"offset, size, instruction, hexstr = Decode (position, bytes) [0]if "ret" in instruction.lower (): raise "Function end found before enough space was found!"if not filter (lambda x:x.lower() in instruction.lower(), ["call", "jmp"]):found_space += sizeelse:found_space = 0aoffset += sizeif aoffset >= maxscan: raise "Maxscan exceeded while searching for a good spot to patch!"position += sizereturn apiaddress + (aoffset - found_space)class patcher:source = Nonedestination = Nonejmp_asm = Noneoriginal_bytes = Noneparams_size = 0pid = Nonephandle = Noneduplicate_api = Noneoriginal_api = Nonedef __init__ (self,source=None,destination=None,params_size=0,pid=GetCurrentProcessId () ):self.set_pid (pid)self.set_source (source)self.set_destination (destination)self.set_params_size (params_size)def set_pid (self, pid):self.close ()self.phandle = OpenProcess (pid)self.pid = piddef set_source (self, source): self.source = sourcedef set_destination (self, destination): self.destination = destinationdef set_params_size (self, size): self.params_size = sizedef set_source_as_api (self, apiname, dllname="kernel32.dll", free=True):module = LoadLibrary (dllname)procedure = GetProcAddress (module, apiname)if free: FreeLibrary (module)assert procedureself.original_api = eval ("windll.%s.%s" % (dllname.strip(".dll"), apiname))self.source = find_good_spot_to_patch (procedure, len (get_patch (0, self.params_size)))if DEBUG: DB ("found good spot to patch: %s %s. Offset from original api address: %s." \%(self.source, hex (self.source), self.source - procedure))def patch (self):assert all ((self.phandle, self.source, self.destination)), "Patch source or destination not set!"assert not self.original_bytes, "Already patched!"self.jmp_asm = get_patch (self.destination, self.params_size)jmp_asm_size = len (self.jmp_asm)self.original_bytes = PyGetString (self.source, jmp_asm_size)assert self.original_bytes, "Failed to capture original_bytes."writeMemory (\phandle=self.phandle,address=self.source,data=self.jmp_asm)msg = "[jmp_asm]:%s
[jmp_asm_size]:%s
[original_bytes]:%s
" \% (repr (self.jmp_asm), jmp_asm_size, repr (self.original_bytes))DB (msg)def unpatch (self):if not self.original_bytes: raise "Not patched!"assert all ((self.phandle, self.source, self.destination)), "Not initialized!"writeMemory (\phandle=self.phandle,address=self.source,data=self.original_bytes )self.original_bytes = Nonedef close (self):if self.phandle:windll.kernel32.CloseHandle (self.phandle)self.phandle = Nonedef release (self):if self.phandle and self.duplicate_api:releaseMemory (self.duplicate_api, 0, self.phandle)def call_original_api (self, *args, **kwargs): return self.original_api (*args, **kwargs)def call_duplicate_api (self, types, *args, **kwargs):return WINFUNCTYPE (c_void_p, types) (self.duplicate_api) (*args, **kwargs)def __del__ (self):try:self.unpatch ()except:passtry:self.release ()except:passtry:self.close ()except:passdef dprint (a, c):"""Pretty prints disassembled bytes. dprint (offset, bytes)."""x = Decode (a, c)print "[deci addr : hexi addr] [size] instruction
"for offset, size, instruction, hexstr in x:print "[%s : %s] [%s] %s" % (a,hex (a), size, instruction)a += sizeprint#cad[/codebox][code=python]# tramper.py# Relocates bytes of an API and creates a jump from those bytes to the original API affectively negating a hook.# TODO !Recalculate Relocated Relative jmp and call addresses.# public domain code.from ctypes import *from win32api import *from pytcc import pytccfrom struct import pack, unpackfrom win32gui import PyGetString, PySetMemory, PySetStringfrom win32con import MEM_COMMIT, MEM_RESERVE, PAGE_EXECUTE_READWRITE, PROCESS_ALL_ACCESSfrom distorm import Decodefrom patcher import OpenProcess, readMemory, writeMemory, allocate, transportDEBUG = Truedef DB (msg):global DEBUGif DEBUG: print (msg)def tramper (apiaddress, hook_size, apiname=None, dllname="kernel32"):"""tramper (apiaddress, hook_size, apiname=None, dllname="kernel32"):Creates a duplicate API using the trampoline method and returns its address."""if DEBUG: global hprocess, landing_offset, instructions, landing_address, tramp_memory, tramp_code, original_bytesif not apiaddress:dll = LoadLibrary (dllname)apiaddress = GetProcAddress (dll, apiname)landing_offset = 0hprocess = OpenProcess ()original_bytes = PyGetString (apiaddress, 300)tramp_memory = allocate (len (original_bytes) + 50, hprocess)print "Tramp memory: %s %s." % (tramp_memory, hex (tramp_memory))instructions = Decode (apiaddress, original_bytes)sizes = iter ([X[1] for X in instructions])while landing_offset < hook_size:landing_offset += sizes.next ()landing_address = apiaddress + landing_offsetDB ("Landing offset : %s %s" % (landing_offset, hex (landing_offset)))DB ("Landing address: %s %s" % (landing_address, hex (landing_address)))distance = landing_address - (tramp_memory +landing_offset)DB ("Distance: %s %s." % (distance, hex (distance)))tramp_code = original_bytes [:landing_offset] # api start - past hook - to start of instructioninstructions = Decode (apiaddress, tramp_code)boffset = 0for offset, size, instruction, hexstr in instructions:if filter (lambda x:x.lower() in instruction.lower(), ["call", "jmp"]):raise "[not supported yet] Cannot relocate CALL/JMP Instructions. Address: %s"% (apiaddress + boffset)boffset += size# TODO !Recalculate Relocated Relative jmp and call addresses.jump_code = '\xe9' + pack ("i", distance - 5) # bytes = jmp (distance - size of jump)tramp_code += jump_code# DEBUGDB ("Tramp [size]: %s [bytes]; %s" % (len(tramp_code), (repr(tramp_code))))DB ("Tramper api decode.")if DEBUG: dprint (apiaddress, tramp_code)# # # #writeMemory (hprocess, tramp_memory, tramp_code)CloseHandle (hprocess)return tramp_memorydef dprint (a, c):""" pretty print disassembled bytes. dprint (offset, bytes)."""x = Decode (a, c)print "[deci addr : hexi addr] [size] instruction
"for offset, size, instruction, hexstr in x:print "[%s : %s] [%s] %s" % (a,hex (a), size, instruction)a += sizeif __name__ == "__main__":# Test.lib = LoadLibrary ("kernel32")OpenProcessAddr = GetProcAddress (lib, "OpenProcess")FreeLibrary (lib)trampAddr = tramper (\apiaddress=OpenProcessAddr, # (optional if apiname is defined) API address to duplicate.hook_size=10, # size of our API jmp code. (minimum size of relocated API bytes)apiname=None, # (optional)dllname="kernel32") # (optional / defaults to kernel32)# Prototype the OpenProcess trampoline.duplicate_OpenProcess = WINFUNCTYPE (c_int, c_int, c_int, c_int) (trampAddr)pid = GetCurrentProcessId ()print "Calling duplicate OpenProcess with pid: %s" % pidphandle = duplicate_OpenProcess (0x1f0fff, 0, pid)print "Return value: %s." %phandleif phandle: CloseHandle (phandle)#cad[/codebox][code=python]# hooker.py# deals with hooking of win32 APIs.# public domain code.from patcher import *from tramper import tramperfrom win32api import *from pytcc import pytccdef create_hook (duplicate_api, cparam_types='', prelogic="", postlogic="", restype="int"):""" create_hook (pat, duplicate_api, cparam_types='', prelogic="", postlogic="", restype="int"):"""c_code =\"""%s function (int caller, %s)%s%s RET = DUPE ( %s );%sreturn RET;}"""cargs = ''symbols = ''for arg, char in zip (cparam_types, "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ"):symbols += "%s, " % charcargs += "%s %s, " % (arg, char)symbols = symbols [:-2]cargs = cargs [:-2]c_code = c_code % (restype, cargs, prelogic, restype, symbols, postlogic)ccompiler = pytcc ()ccompiler.add_lib_proc ("msvcrt.dll", "memset")ccompiler.add_symbol ("DUPE", duplicate_api)ccompiler.compile (c_code)ccompiler.relocate ()hook = ccompiler.get_symbol ("function")return (c_code, hook)def hooker (apiname, cparam_types=list(), restype="int", prelogic='', postlogic='', pid=GetCurrentProcessId(), dllname="kernel32"):"""hooker (apiname, cparam_types=list(), restype="int", prelogic='', postlogic='', pid=GetCurrentProcessId(), dllname="kernel32"):"""pat = patcher ()params_size = get_cparams_size (cparam_types)pat.set_params_size (params_size)pat.set_source_as_api (apiname, dllname)hook_size = len (get_patch (pat.destination, pat.params_size))tramp = tramper (pat.source, hook_size)pat.duplicate_api = tramphook_ccode, hooks = create_hook (tramp, cparam_types, prelogic, postlogic, restype)pat.c_code = hook_ccodepat.set_destination (hooks)return patif __name__ == '__main__':# Test.hook = hooker (\# API to hookapiname="OpenProcess",# the DLL the API is in. (defaults to kernel32)dllname="kernel32",# (required) API parameter types. In our hook these get translated to the names A,B,C...respectively.cparam_types=["int", "int", "int"],# (required) the API return type.restype="int",# (optional) this is the code in our hook wich is executed Before the real API.prelogic="if (C==1) {return 1111;}",# (optional) this is the code in our hook wich is executed After the real API. The real API's return value is named RET.postlogic="if (RET) {return 0;}"# hook API.# hook automatically unhooks itself and cleans up when it isnt refered to anymore.hook.patch ()print "Calling hooked OpenProcess api with process id as 1."ret = windll.kernel32.OpenProcess (0x1f0fff, 0, 1)print "Return value: %s" % retif ret == 1111: print "This test was sucesful."else: print "Return value is unexpected."# unhook API.# hook.unpatch ()#cad[/codebox]
Edited by cadaver, 03 February 2011 - 11:51 PM.
Why Unary is the Best Number System
Veedrac Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 29, 2015
The dogmatic loyalty of modern computer scientists towards binary systems is perhaps one of today's most unfortunate judgemental mishaps. Despite academic teachings often dispelling the so-called called advantages of this system, few scientists — the rest blindly following Intel's tune — have caught onto the destructive lies behind this ruse.
This should all be plainly evident through the elegant simplicity of other, much more foundational techniques such as the age-old tally mark first used to count the rises of the sun. For sure, ask any young child what the tallies III added to II are and you're bound to get a prompt response. Ask them what 11₂ + 10₂ is and you'll just get blank stares.
The common, dismissive response is that, true as it may be for human usage, such things do not hold for large scale computation. This response misses the vast literature to the contrary.
Time complexity
The first, and to some most surprising fact in our list is that of time complexity. Consider integer factorization; although algorithms faster than naïve exist for binary strings, the complexity of all known algorithms is still far greater than polynomial. But if instead of passing your number as binary string, you pass a unary one, standard mathematical analysis shows complexity immediately dropping to linear. That's clearly within P, with room to spare.
This is helped in part by a unary representation's efficient properties. Given a random-access machine, even for big integers a comparison of two numbers takes constant time — index the second number with the former and it is lesser if and only if you do not see the following:
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
Even multiplication involves no lookup table required for higher-based systems, some of which border on the absurd. And that's not all.
Incremental, Functional Updates
A unary number is inherently incremental. To increment some unary number, all you need to do is prepend to it a single bit, and to decrement you need just discard one. LISP programmers will immediately recognize these to be cons and cdr operations from one of the most powerful language families in existence.
Haskell programmers, along with the rest of its bastardized lackeys, will emphasize the power this gives. Not only is one able to update these integers immutably in place — a feat not easily duplicated with other big integer arithmetic — one is able to represent lazily evaluated integers and even infinities with ease.
let infinity = 1 : infinity
This is not a special-case in the type-system, this is a natural consequence of using a more suitable basis for our calculations.
Fixing JavaScript
An immeasurably painful wart in JavaScript is the disconnect between numeric addition and addition of strings. What sense does this make?
5 + 5 // => 10
"5" + 5 // => 55
5 + 5 + "5" // => 105
"5" + 5 + 5 // => 555
"5" < 6 // true
"5" < 4 // false
"10" < "5" // true
10 < 5 // false
It's senseless madness, as anyone can tell.
Unary fixes this by unifying the mental models. This prevents the horrors of type errors plaguing the current users of the most webscale language in the world:
111 + 111 // 111111
"111" + 111 // 111111
111 + 111 + "111" // 111111111
"111" + 111 + 111 // 111111111
"11111" < 111111 // true
"11111" < 1111 // false
"1111111111" < 11111 // false
1111111111 < 11111 // false
Robust First Computing
A new craze sweeping the industry is that of Robust-First Computing; putting aside traditional values of correctness and efficiency for the more wholesome ideal of computational robustness. Under such a model, errors are gracefully accounted for and computation is resilient, making for stronger responses to bugs and attacks even in extreme situations.
This video destroys the sorting dogma, just like I destroy the numeric representation dogma.
Unary computation is inherently robust to errors. Permutation errors, for instance, whilst wildly affecting the result of typical computations make no difference at all to a unary system. Unary numbers are invariant under most problematic transformations, including translation, and have only minor artefacts in response to random bit swaps.
Parallelism
Parallelism is perhaps the most important factor of modern-day performance, and unary is perhaps the most parallel system of all. Unary operations, due largely to their uniformity, can be parallelized on as many cores as is required.
Multicore optimizations can contribute greatly to program performance. As the author of the graph says,
The biggest issue is synchronization.
Unary operations are some of the easiest to synchronize, requiring little to none for general operations, because of their cohesive and uniform design. Few other systems, numeric or not, can even approach this performance and scalability. Even better, cross-core communication can undergo exponential compression, a feat that no other number system is able to claim — resulting in insanely fast transfer and enabling atomic operations.
Conclusions
Unary as a model is the oldest, most reliable numeric system known to man. New research even reveals it to be performant, scalable and efficient. Perhaps it's time for computer scientists to shake off the dogma of new and step back into the developments of old.
Michigan head coach Jim Harbaugh and Assistant Equipment Manager Kori "Cordy" Reblin, holding the audio cables for the coach. (Photo: David Guralnick, Detroit News)
Ann Arbor – In nearly every game-day sideline photo of Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh, standing beside them or just behind is Kori Reblin.
Reblin often looks like a secret-service agent, sunglasses on and stone-faced.
They have a few aliases – “Cordy” or “The Cord Guy.”
In reality, the 29-year-old Michigan graduate from Kalkaska is assistant equipment manager for football, and from all accounts, they are a member of a group that is nearly extinct. Among their many duties is the one for which they have become best known, the person who must, during games, tend to the cord to Harbaugh's headset.
After going wireless in the 2015 season opener at Utah, also Harbaugh's first game as Michigan coach, there were some issues, and Harbaugh decided to go old-school with a wired headset. As far as Reblin and Sonny Anderson, Michigan's head football equipment manager, can tell, Harbaugh is the only Division I, Power Five coach with this type of headset setup.
“There's no better possible connection than a direct wired connection,” Reblin said. “That way you never have any interference or any complications.”
But a wired headset requires an individual to keep the wire from getting tangled, from players tripping over it and for making sure the coach is always free to roam.
“It is a really serious job,” Anderson said. “You could choke coach out if you did it wrong. Every picture you see of coach, Kori is right there, and that means he's doing their job. If he's not in a picture, he's not too far, that's for sure.”
This will be Reblin's 21st game as “the cord guy” and he's come a long way.
“Last year was the first year. I had never played football and I didn't want to screw up anything, and I wanted to do everything perfectly,” they said. “I just stared at coach the entire game just to be safe. I didn't want to be caught sleeping and have them walking one way and me walking another or something.
“I didn't want any players to trip on the cord. It was a couple of times we'd break from a timeout and I'd have the cord wrapped around my ankle the first couple of games, because I wasn't used to everything. I almost tripped myself a couple of times.”
Coaches are never stationary on a sideline for obvious reasons. During nearly two seasons as the cord guy, Reblin has a better feel for how Harbaugh works during games.
“I've really gotten to know their movements and when to expect them to move, and he's gotten a lot more comfortable having me right next to him,” Reblin said. “So now I get to more into the game instead of just into watching theirs movements.
“He doesn't run down the field because they know I'm right behind him. But he'll pace a lot. You'll see them in the fourth quarter going five, 10 yards each way. But they don't run too often because they know I'm behind him, which is nice, because when you have all those players and coaches going out on a big play or something, they're on the field excited, it's hard to get around them. They know their feet will get caught and we won't be able to go as far or as fast as a wireless connection.”
The original cord was about 40-yards long and could extend from the 50-yard line to the 20 and accommodate some slack so that Reblin can maintain a three- to four-foot distance from Harbaugh while he's coaching.
They added an extender after last year's Northwestern game after Harbaugh outran the cord and broke the belt on which it is attached.
“He was trying to call a timeout and the ref was all the way down at the 10-yard line and they were running down to call a timeout, and they outran the cord and broke the belt right off,” Reblin said. “Luckily they were calling timeout, so I had time to fix it and get everything back to normal and put it back to normal. After that, we realized we needed a longer cord. So we added about another 10 yards, so now we can get down to the 10-yard line.”
Reblin said their mother often gives them a hard time for looking so humorless during games.
“She'll be like, ‘How come you always have a scowl on your face?' ” they said. “I'm like this is my focus face. I'm in the game, I'm in the zone. I'm being prepared. You can't be sitting there cheesing the whole time.”
While they have learned enough to not have to keep their eyes glued on Harbaugh, they are very much in tune with the game and the coach's movements.
“When he's talking to officials or in the huddle, I'm trying to pay attention to what the team's doing, what the coaches are doing so nobody trips on the cord,” Reblin said. “I have the cord in the right place when they come out of the timeout.”
Anderson was first in line to be the cord guy. But they handle Harbaugh's play cards during games and also changes out helmets among other duties.
“That cord job, you really have to pay attention to that,” Anderson said. “You can't put the cord down to fix a helmet. They initially asked me to do it, and to be honest, I had done it in Tampa Bay in the preseason for the Buccaneers and it's not the easiest job by any means. I feel like I'd get a little lost in the game and probably end up choking coach, so I don't think I could do it.
“I looked at it as who's the best option, and Kori in multiple ways was the best and greatest option. I thought he'd do well. I was extremely confident in him, but he's done absolutely amazing. I would seriously put them up against somebody who's been doing cords for 40 years.”
Other programs have made famous auxiliary members of their teams. Florida State had “Red Lightning,” a ball boy, and Oregon had “Chocolate Thunder,” also a ball boy.
Anderson decided last fall they had to make “Cordy, the cord guy” a thing. They launched a Twitter page, @korithecordguy, featuring “views from a cord guy.”
Reblin and Anderson share a goal each game day – do not become a GIF, the compressed image files that can spread quickly on social media. Anderson knows first-hand after they appeared in a GIF last season looking to be in a football stance as they moved behind Harbaugh picking up card after card.
“You become a GIF pretty quick,” Anderson said. “That's one thing that we both try not to do is become a GIF because that can happen really easy. If he's tripping a player, that's an automatic. Boom! GIF.”
Every aspect of the job — Reblin also does the helmet paint touchup and helps maintain the locker room and, of course, all the equipment — has been a dream, they said. Reblin got their job the old-fashioned way, flooding everyone associated with the 2014 Michigan football staff with emails asking how they might get involved with sports once they transferred from Eastern Michigan to U-M.
There were no football openings that fall, but they landed a job with the women's field hockey team for a season. And then, they got an interview with the previous football equipment manager, Brad Berlin, who had saved Reblin's email from a year earlier. They worked for the football staff as an intern last season before becoming an assistant this year.
Now, he's the cord guy and learned there's a piece of fame that comes with it. In a photo sent to their Twitter last week, two fans dressed for Halloween as Harbaugh and Cordy.
They were visiting a mall about a half hour from Ann Arbor to purchase sunglasses recently, and they were approached by someone who recognized him.
“You're Cordy aren't you?” Reblin said. “'Oh, man, this is so awesome I never thought I'd meet somebody from Michigan in my store.'”
Despite a handful of gigawatt-scale players, the third-party asset manager landscape is very fragmented.
According to GTM Research and Solichamba's new report on the topic, the top 25 third-party asset managers account for 15.6 gigawatts of managed capacity. In comparison, the top 25 investors hold 26.9 gigawatts of net capacity (corresponding to 31.8 gigawatts of gross capacity).
This gap in scale reflects the fact that third-party asset managers usually serve clients with small to mid-size portfolios, while the largest investors usually self-perform this function. Only the top 11 service providers managed more than 500 megawatts of solar assets in operation at the end of 2016.
Below is a map of the competitive landscape where the horizontal axis measures each player's level of internationalization (defined as the number of countries in which they currently manage PV assets), and the vertical axis indicates whether they manage wind plants in addition to solar. The area of the bubble representing a vendor is proportional to its managed portfolio at the end of 2016 (counting only operational solar PV assets).
Currently there are only five gigawatt-scale third-party asset managers in the global landscape: Quintas Energy, Vector Cuatro, WiseEnergy, SunPower and Radian Generation. Outside of these players, the market is extremely fragmented.
Market forces point to imminent consolidation
In a market where the budget for asset management activities is set by large independent power producers (IPPs) benefiting from the scale of very large portfolios, the only way for third-party asset managers to remain price-competitive is to aggregate smaller portfolios -- and to do so faster than in the past.
The global PV market is diversifying geographically at a quick pace, so third-party asset managers will have to enter a variety of emerging markets (especially in Asia and Latin America) if they want to achieve long-term growth and limit dependency on any single market. Because many investors are diversifying their portfolios, third-party asset managers will also be asked to operate in multiple markets and provide a consistent and consolidated view of assets across a variety of countries.
As the overlap between the wind and solar investor landscape increases, the same investors may also want a consistent and consolidated view of assets across technologies. Asset management software providers are aware of this trend, and all 10 players analyzed in the new GTM Research report are either already supporting wind assets or planning to do so in 2017 to 2018.
For asset management service providers, this kind of expansion into new markets and new technologies (for those players not yet active in wind) demands a large amount of time and resources. The quickest path would be mergers and acquisitions.
GTM Research and Solichamba expect that several M&A transactions will occur in the next 12 months, allowing third-party asset management service providers to grow in scale, geography coverage and technology expertise.
***
For more information about asset management markets, service providers, and software, check out the new report, Solar PV Asset Management 2017-2022: Markets, Investors, Asset Managers and Software.
Kratom (Mitrayna speciose) is an evergreen tree native to Southeast Asia that is part of the coffee family. Unlike coffee, which has only one effect as a stimulant due to caffeine content, the multiple strains of Kratom are significantly different from one another.
So it is wise, particularly for those new to the use of Kratom, to understand which varieties produce which effects.
There are three primary uses for Kratom which people have found beneficial:
Medicinal: Although there have been no studies showing conclusive results, many users have found kratom quite useful for treating such conditions as opiate addiction, depression, anxiety, insomnia and as a general pain reliever.
Although there have been no studies showing conclusive results, many users have found kratom quite useful for treating such conditions as opiate addiction, depression, anxiety, insomnia and as a general pain reliever. Energy: Many varieties of kratom have varying levels of energy boosting properties, most of which do not have the edgy side effects of caffeine.
Many varieties of kratom have varying levels of energy boosting properties, most of which do not have the edgy side effects of caffeine. Recreational: Almost all strains of kratom have some pleasantly mood-altering properties. Since the leaf is not illegal in most of the world, it is a popular alternative to alcohol and illegal drugs for many users.
Start with the Colors
The broad categories of Kratom are based on the color of the plant stems and the largest vein that runs the length of each leaf. There are three main colors: white, red and green. However, there is also some difference between the light green and dark green varieties. So, for general purposes, you can say that there are actually four color-based varieties.
Let's take a look at their known properties.
Red Vein Kratom is probably the most often sold variety. It has a soothing effect that allows you to feel calm, with a great sense of well-being.
It is frequently used as a solution for three specific conditions.
Insomnia: The relaxing qualities of red veined kratom are considered by many to be perfectly suited for use as a sleep aid. So it is very popular with those who are suffering from insomnia.
The relaxing qualities of red veined kratom are considered by many to be perfectly suited for use as a sleep aid. So it is very popular with those who are suffering from insomnia. Pain relief: The red strain of kratom seems to be the most effective at reducing pain and treating muscle tension, making it an attractive alternative to prescription pain medication.
The red strain of kratom seems to be the most effective at reducing pain and treating muscle tension, making it an attractive alternative to prescription pain medication. Opiate Withdrawal: Believe it or not, the strongest extracts of red veined kratom have even met with some success in easing the withdrawal from opiates.
White Vein Kratom may also contribute to a positive frame of mind. However, its effects are more energizing than the calming influence of the red vein variety.
This strain is recommended when looking to increase:
Increase Concentration
Promote Alertness
Combat Fatigue and Drowsiness
Since white vein kratom can usually produce these effects without causing anxiety or restlessness, it is a popular choice for those who are looking for a stimulant alternative to caffeine. Because of this, it is believed to be a good strain for those suffering from depression, though not necessarily the very best.
However, anyone who is particularly sensitive to caffeine may still find that white kratom could cause jitters or irritability, as well. Furthermore, just like coffee, this variety may also lead to insomnia or restless sleep when ingested too late in the day.
Green Vein Kratom is considered kind of a happy medium between the red and white veins, providing some of the benefits of each, but at a much more subtle level.
For instance, like the red strain, green vein kratom can be effective as a pain reliever. However, it is not so strong as to cause lethargy or drowsiness. Alternatively, it can be used to increase energy, focus and alertness like the white vein. But it does so without making you edgy.
Users of the green variety have spoken highly of its ability to provide clear thinking and endurance, as well as its effectiveness at dealing with symptoms of anxiety and depression.
What's really interesting is that it's not at all uncommon to mix leaves from all the strains together, in order to create a more balanced experience for whatever effect you are trying to obtain.
While the colors of each strain provide the broad categories, these are further refined by the locations in which the trees are grown.
It is fascinating to discover just how much difference this factor makes for this particular tree, when that is not normally the case for most trees. But it was found that specimens grown in hot houses did not contain all the properties of trees, as opposed to tress, which were grown in the wild!
Kratom Strains by Location
There are three main locations where the most potent strains of kratom are found: Indochina, Malaysia and Thailand. Their names have become as much a part of the variety of strains as colors, with individual products being referred to as Indo, Malay and Thai.
In fact, sometimes varieties are named even more specifically for an area in those regions. That is how important location is to these plants.
All three colors are available in both Indo and Malay varieties. However, Thai strains only include Red and Green-Veined strains. But this is not to say that Thailand is, in any way, inferior with kratom production.
In fact, an enhanced version of Thai varieties is currently considered the best all round strain of them all. Not technically named after a region, it is called Maeng Da.
Which Kratom Strain is Best for You?
With so many varieties of kratom available today, the choice can be overwhelming. However, there can be no one top choice, because it depends on which effect you are looking for.
Some days you may need more energy, while on other days you will seek help in winding down. There may be times you want more focus and mental clarity, and others when you need relief from pain.
Even for each of these reasons, there are multiple choices. And there is one factor that you will want to note for future reference.
In general, Indo strains will have a much longer lasting effect. While that may seem like an excellent quality at first glance, you should remember that there could be times when you will not want to be energetic or lethargic for more than a couple of hours at a time.
If you are considering kratom for a particular benefit, here are the varieties that are considered the most potent.
Maeng Da – This strain is definitely of the stimulant variety, so it is an excellent energy booster. However, it has strong analgesic properties, as well. So if you are seeking pain relief without any lethargic side-effects, this one should work admirably. It also has the added bonus of euphoric qualities, which add an overall sense of well-being.
Bali & Borneo – These are almost exactly the same. They are probably the absolute best in pain relief, and are second only to Maeng Da in mood lifting. That said, they do have sedating qualities you should be aware of. Although Borneo may be slightly less effective than Bali in that regard, if that should be important to you. Also worth noting is that both of these are Indo varieties, so they should have longer lasting effects.
Basically, these are both excellent at pain relief and mood lifting, but Maeng Da is a stimulant, while Bali and Borneo are sedatives. If you are seeking an energy booster, or increased alertness, then you will want the stimulating qualities of Maeng Da. If you are need help winding down, or are trying to combat insomnia, then the Bali and Borneo strains will be most effective.
It is extremely important to note that everyone's body chemistry is different, so it is not reasonable to expect reactions to be exactly the same across the board.
Also, while kratom can be used as tea, it is bitter, so many people prefer capsules, which are available in different dosages. Naturally, it is advisable to start with smaller dosages, in order to gauge effect on your individual body chemistry. The leaf may also be smoked, but doing so will not increase the strength of effects.
There are usually many varieties available for purchase, often with detailed descriptions of each. And here's the kicker: it is sometimes possible to buy a variety pack containing smaller amounts of multiple strains. This makes it possible to try various ones, in order to discover which is best suited to the effects that you desire.
So it should always be possible to make an informed decision before buying, particularly since you now have the basics that were described here.
Sources:
Propelled by the continued growth of flagship session offering All Day IPA, Founders Brewing reported this week that it would produce approximately 468,000 barrels of beer in 2017, up from about 348,000 last year.
The Michigan-based craft brewery, which sold a 30 percent stake to Spain's Mahou San Miguel Brewery in late 2014, and now ranks as the ninth largest brewery in the U.S., was “pleasantly surprised” to exceed its initial projections, co-founder and CEO Mike Stevens told Brewbound.
“You always go into the year with a forecast, and we are getting better at that, but we were initially projecting around 450,000 barrels,” they said.
Much of Founders' success in 2017 can be attributed to All Day IPA, a 4.7 percent ABV session beer that now accounts for about 60 percent of the company's total output. Sales of that beer were up 37 percent in 2017, and Stevens believes there's still plenty of runway left.
“All Day is really starting to trade into areas that aren't traditional craft, and it is affording us some accelerated growth,” they said.
Stevens said their company's flagship brand is sold in just 30 percent of the multi-outlet and convenience stores that off-premise retail data provider IRI Worldwide tracks. Products from larger competitors — such as Boston Beer, Sierra Nevada and New Belgium — are sold in 60 to 80 percent of those accounts, they added.
“When you have the fastest growing craft brand in the U.S., and are only in half of the opportunities that most of your competitors are, there is a tremendous amount of white space,” they said. “The bottom line is that 85 percent of the drinking public does not drink huge craft beers. We know that.”
They added that Founders is currently discussing retail opportunities with large-scale chains such as Walmart and 7-Eleven, which could allow the All Day brand to “pick up some momentum” in 2018.
Beyond Founders' intense focus on strengthening sales of its largest volume offering in 2018, Stevens said the company would also look to continue growing sales of its seasonal offerings – Azacca IPA, Mosaic Promise IPA and PC Pils – which were up a combined 82 percent in 2017.
“The goal is to take our No. 2 SKU – our seasonal pack – and start to get those secondary placements in all of these PODs (points of distribution) that we have with All Day IPA,” they said. “There is going to be a lot of movement there.”
To help Founders in that effort, the company hired 217 people in 2017. Many of those new employees were added to the sales team, and Stevens said they will be tasked with continuing to increase off-premise sales while simultaneously refocusing on on-premise retail opportunities.
“Frankly, we put so much effort over the last couple years into our chain business, and our off-premise business, that we let the on-premise side suffer a bit,” they conceded. “But we've put together some programming and planning to really attack the on-premise in 2018.”
Now distributed in 46 states, Founders will open Colorado in early 2018 and launch a new 4.4 percent year-round lager, Solid Gold, in 15-packs and 6-packs.
“It is a lighter profile beer,” Stevens said. “It lives in the domestic premium and import side, and we are going to tread lightly with it. We are going to slowly watch what it does. We don't want to bet the farm on new launches, and we will be watching this one closely.”
If Solid Gold takes off, Founders should be well-positioned to capitalize on the momentum – the company already has the capacity to produce 750,000 barrels of beer annually and is adding additional fermentation tanks in February as it scales to 1 million barrels.
“We are all geared up,” Stevens said. “We just have to drop fermenters in and we'll be able to handle 1 million barrels.”
Stevens stopped short of predicting when the company would cross the 1 million barrel thresholds, saying only that the company would continue pushing the pace until growth slows.
“There is going to be a day when things slow down, and that's OK,” they said. “Until then, we are going to grow like a bat out of hell and give America the great beers that we are producing.”
They added that the company, which opened a new taproom in Detroit last month, has no plans to actively pursue additional retail-focused expansions.
“Never say never, but at Founders, our purpose is to be a manufacturing brewery, not to be a retailing brewery,” they said.
In addition to the figures cited above, Stevens shared a variety of high-level growth statistics with Brewbound, which are included below.
Founders Brewing 2017 Statistics
ST LOUIS - Heritage Home Group will shutter two Thomasville Furniture factories and a Lane Furniture operation as part of the firm's restructuring, and less than three months after it took over the former Furniture Brands International companies. Approximately 564 employees will be laid off.
Ira Glazer, Heritage Home Group president and CEO, informed employees of the layoffs yesterday. According to various news sources, 480 people will be impacted by the closure of the Lane Furniture plant in Saltillo, MS. The Thomasville closures at plants C and C-Area 100, will affect 84 employees. The facilities are scheduled to close March 21.
"Unfortunately, this permanent closure will mean the end of all operations and all employees at these locations will be discharged," Glazer said in the Jan. 21 letter.
"These reductions are unfortunately a necessary element of our ongoing efforts to create a highly competitive organization structure," Glazer wrote. "That said, we are proud that many jobs saved by the formation of Heritage Home and the acquisition of our brands far exceeds the number that are being let go."
According to the Winston-Salem Journal, Heritage Home Group will retain the Lane plants in Belden and Verona, MS. Thomasville Furniture's operations will be consolidated into its other plants.
Heritage Home Group parent KPS Capital acquired the Thomasville Furniture, Lane Furniture, Broyhill, Drexel Heritage, Henredon, Hickory Chair, Pearson, Maitland-Smith, Lane Venture and La Barge brands, when it purchased Furniture Brands International's assets for $280 million. The transaction, along with the formation of Heritage Home Group as the new name, was finalized in November.
In related news, Heritage Home Group has created a merchandising group to direct product development across all brands. According to an article in Furniture Today, the company named Paul Peters its new senior vice president of merchandising. Peters was previously the vice president of merchandising of Furniture Brands' wholesale group and a former vice president of upholstery at Broyhill.
In addition, former Broyhill president Mark Stephens was named senior vice president of wholesale sales for Lane, Thomasville, and Broyhill. Former Lane Venture president Gary McCray will be senior vice president sales designer responsible for Hickory Chair, Henredon, Drexel, Lane Venture, Maitland-Smith, Pearson and LaBarge. Kathy Veltri, formerly president of Thomasville, is now senior vice president of retail. Ray Johnson will continue as COO and lead the operations group.
I
El 26J ha resultado claramente una sorpresa. Habrá tiempo para ver en perspectiva que es lo que se ha podido hacer mal o bien en una campaña electoral no esperada y en la que habíamos puesto como principal propuesta la conformación de un gobierno vertebrado por las distintas confluencias. De hecho, la campaña se ha convertido para el resto de actores políticos no en un plebiscito sobre el gobierno realmente existente, el del PP, sino sobre la propuesta que hacíamos. Eso significaba defenderse de múltiples mensajes cruzados precisamente dirigidos contra esta posibilidad. De allí que la principal celebración del PP en la noche electoral –con el grito del “Si se puede” como acto de pura venganza– no era su victoria, sino la derrota de las nuevas fuerzas del cambio. De allí que la principal celebración del PSOE fuera precisamente que no se le hubiera superado electoralmente, era su “victoria”. En un efecto que se multiplicaba también en otros partidos.
En este sentido ha funcionado la activación del temor hacia un gobierno protagonizado por estas nuevas fuerzas. ¿Estos temores se podían superar con una campaña de apenas un mes? Difícilmente, más allá de que haya cosas que hayan funcionado y otras no o que haya problemas de base o no. El problema probablemente es más profundo y no se juega sólo en el terreno de las hegemonías electorales a corto plazo, más cuando la propuesta que se hace no encuentra eco en la formación que propones como principal aliado de ese posible gobierno. Para desactivar ese temor se tiene que apelar a la suavidad, lo que hace que a su vez pierdas señas de identidad anteriores, y esa suavidad en quince días o un mes tiene que actuar contra mil elementos cruzados. Hay dilemas que a veces son imposibles tanto por un lado como por el otro.
II
En toda victoria hay elementos de derrota. Ciertamente el resultado más probable será un gobierno del PP, que prácticamente no ha sido ni juzgado en esta campaña. Pero este será un gobierno parlamentariamente débil y que no tendrá respuestas a ninguna de las grandes preguntas que nos ha llevado al escenario de cambio político actual, sino es la negación o reformas de muy bajo nivel ante unas crisis de alto nivel: la democrática, la social y la plurinacional. Será en este sentido un gobierno o una coalición de gobierno, explicita o implícita, agonizante. En este marco se debe construir una oposición eficaz, tanto en aquello que implica capacidad de incidencia para cambios concretos, como en aquello que implica construcción de una nueva alternativa de futuro que debe tener una de sus bases en la política desarrollada en el Congreso, pero no sólo.
El sistema político del estado se encuentra en plena transición y es to-do él el que debe ser finalmente refundado. Proceso en el que la clave social, la cultural, la democrática y la plurinacional deben ser construidas desde distintos niveles, ámbitos y sujetos para hacer que las alternativas fuertes, al devenir progresivamente más hegemónicas, devengan suaves por mayoritarias. Fuera de las lógicas de campaña, se debe generar un proceso amplio donde lo que esté en juego ya no sea la refundación de un sistema político sino la generación de procesos constituyentes para que las alternativas de gobierno nazcan de las alternativas de sociedad.
III
En toda derrota hay elementos de victoria. El mismo hecho de que lo que realmente se ha plebiscitado es la alternativa de gobierno que proponían las nuevas fuerzas del cambio, indica hasta que punto han sido ellas, y sólo ellas, las que están marcando la pauta del debate político y se constituyan a su vez como única alternativa real al gobierno del PP. Esa centralidad sólo ha sido posible a partir de una gran osadía que nació en las calles, se solidificó en los ayuntamientos del cambio, e irrumpió con una fuerza enorme en el congreso el 20 de diciembre, convirtiendo el bipartidismo en una pobre sombra de lo que había sido e inaugurando la transición del sistema político. Eso sólo ha sido posible por la acción de millones de ciudadanos anónimos y por la conjunción de las más generosas de las voluntades y de las mejores inteligencias que hemos tenido de nuestro lado. Sólo desde esa osadía democrática se entiende que ante el fracaso de conformación de un gobierno del cambio real, y el bloqueo vivido que en este sentido nos llevó a nuevas elecciones, se pretendiera una aceleración del tiempo histórico que finalmente no ha sido posible. Pero ante ello debemos convertir la frustración en un nuevo tiempo de cambio. No será en este sentido ni la primera vez, ni la última, que nos encontremos colectivamente frente a este reto.
IV
Tenemos por delante una gran responsabilidad. Eso conlleva analizar sosegadamente tanto los errores como los aciertos, pero no encerrarnos en dilemas imposibles, ya que lo que tenemos por delante es una redefinición estratégica de largo alcance. Esta es una historia que va más allá de un momento y un espacio determinado. Nos encontramos en el inicio de una nueva fase histórica, que tiene un ciclo político especifico, pero también económico, social y cultural, incidir en el mismo no es quedarse atrapado en lógicas políticas cortas, es intentar siempre estar a la altura y saberse adaptar a los retos de cada momento sin olvidar los de conjunto. Las viejas fuerzas no quieren ceder y si ceden los hacen para ganar tiempo, las nuevas deben saber representar las aspiraciones inmediatas pero también actuar en un conjunto más amplio, donde se pueda dilucidar finalmente una alternativa social, económica, cultural y política.
It's easy to shine light through a crystal, but researchers at Princeton University are turning light into crystals--essentially creating "solid light."
"It's something that we have never seen before," Dr. Andrew Houck, associate professor of electrical engineering and one of the researchers, said in a written statement issued by the university. "This is a new behavior for light."
New behavior is right. For generations, physics students have been taught that photons--the subatomic particles that make up light--don't interact with each other. But the researchers were able to make photons interact very strongly.
To make that happen, the researchers assembled a structure of 100 billion atoms of superconducting material to create a sort of "artificial atom." Then they placed the structure near a superconducting wire containing photons, which--as a result of the strange rules of quantum entanglement--caused the photons to take on some of the characteristics of the artificial atom.
"We have used this blending together of the photons and the atom to artificially devise strong interactions among the photons," Darius Sadri, a postdoctoral researcher at the university and another one of the researchers, said in the statement. "These interactions then lead to completely new collective behavior for light--akin to the phases of matter, like liquids and crystals, studied in condensed matter physics."
Pretty complicated stuff for sure. But what exactly is the point of the ongoing research?
One point is to work toward development of exotic materials, including room-temperature superconductors. Those are hypothetical materials that scientists believe could be used to create ultrasensitive sensors and computers of unprecedented speed--and which might even help solve the world's energy problems.
"This work is not going to lead to a lightsaber," Houck joked in an email to The Huffington Post, "unless you are speaking of a metaphorical tool that will cut through our veil of ignorance like a lightsaber through a tauntaun."
A photo of the limited edition Skittles available at Tesco in the U.K.
An all-white, limited edition of Skittles sold in the U.K. has ignited internet debate over what some critics are calling a tone-deaf marketing scheme to celebrate LGBT Pride month.
Skittles partnered with British retail chain Tesco for the second year to offer an all-white version of the candy in a black-and-white bag, following the launch of the #onerainbow campaign at London Pride last year.
Ads said that because "only one rainbow matters this pride," the multicolor candy would be going colorless in order to celebrate LGBT Pride month. It's celebrated every year in June—often with rainbow flags.
This year, some social media critics were not so happy with the brand's all-white campaign, saying the move erases racial diversity within the LGBT community.
"Happiness, fun and inclusion are at the heart of who we are," a U.K. spokesperson for Wrigley, the company that makes Skittles, said in a statement. "Any suggestion that this support for Pride is in any way racist is clearly wrong.”
Others still said they appreciated the marketing gesture and that the backlash was undeserved.
"This campaign allows us to have great fun with our brand while also raising awareness of an important issue," the Wrigley statement said, adding that the campaign allows the Pride rainbow to take center stage.
Skittles On Highway Mystery
2-4PM SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22
Tabatha Bundesen and Tardar Sauce present Grumpy Cat: A Grumpy Book
GET YOUR PICTURE TAKEN WITH GRUMPY CAT!
SIGNING TICKET (admits two) is free when you purchase Grumpy Cat from Changing Hands Bookstore.
is free when you purchase from Changing Hands Bookstore. Letter groups (printed on top of ticket) will be called at 1:30pm to form the line. If time permits, those who did not purchase Grumpy Cat from Changing Hands can enter at the end of the line.
from Changing Hands can enter at the end of the line. Bring your camera!
One photo per book/ticket only.
Event details may be subject to unannounced changes.
Internet sensation Grumpy Cat's epic feline frown has inspired legions of devoted fans. Celebrating the grouch in everyone, the Grumpy Cat book teaches the fine art of grumpiness and includes enough bad attitude to cast a dark cloud over the whole world. Featuring brand new as well as classic photos, and including grump-inspiring activities and games,delivers unmatched, hilarious grumpiness that puts any bad mood in perspective.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
GRUMPY CAT (a.k.a. Tardar Sauce) is a small cat with a big frown who has inspired a hugely popular meme. With a sour expression that could stop traffic (and make it feel bad about itself), Grumpy Cat's talents include passing judgment, raining on parades, and making happy people grouchy.
ONLINE ORDERING has been turned off for this event. Please contact the store directly by phone (480-730-0205) to inquire about books and tickets.
