Craig Venter poses for a portrait with their poodle Darwin at their oak desk in their office.
There's no way around it: America's getting older.
As the Baby Boomer generation heads toward retirement, the number of Americans over the age of 65 is expected to hit 69 million people by 2030. That represents 20% of the U.S. population, up from today's share of 13%.
It comes as little surprise, then, that finding ways to extend a healthy life has become big business, attracting many tens of millions in investment dollars from the likes of Google (GOOG) and numerous biotechnology companies.
In Silicon Valley, finding new ways to dramatically extend human longevity has become almost an obsession. Oracle Co-founder Larry Ellison has called mortality “incomprehensible;” Google Co-founder Sergey Brin has said they hope to someday “cure death;” and Russian entrepreneur Dmitry Itskov said they plan to live to 10,000. Some tech titans are donating millions or personally leading the research into longevity solutions. Here's a look at six of those people and their pet projects:
In this CoinDesk 2016 in Review special feature, CoinDesk contributor Frederick Reese gives an overview of trends in the digital currency and digital asset markets.
2016 has been an exciting year for cryptocurrencies.
With most of the major open-source currencies showing growth this year and with some expected to see significant expansion in 2017, 2016 reflects a loss of faith in traditional money systems in light of the global populism trend and a growing confidence in the underlying technologies in play for crypto transactions.
As the year comes to an end, CoinDesk took a moment to look at the best-performing cryptocurrencies by market capitalization for the year and the factors that affected the markets throughout the year.
For the sake of this analysis, we are looking at a review period of December 27, 2015 to December 26, 2016.
Bitcoin
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $6,161,215,794
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $14,590,356,108
Price (Beginning of Year): $411.99
Price (End of Year): $908.17
Price (Annual High): $909.94
In 2016, bitcoin remained the king of cryptocurrencies.
The world's oldest blockchain-based asset proved to be a “little engine that could,” booming dependably in times of macroeconomic uncertainty.
While bitcoin failed to reach a new all-time high, the digital currency still rebounded from a low of under $400 to achieve an almost three-year high of $982.87 on 29th December.
As of the writing of this article, the price was still at the upper end of the year's range, exceeding $950 per bitcoin.
Though shallow markets could also be a factor, bitcoin prices and trading volume were supported by an extraordinary set of global circumstances (at least, according to analysts and investors).
These included the devaluation of the Chinese yuan, the UK's decision to leave the EU, and the unpredictability of a Donald Trump presidency.
Yet, despite this, bitcoin remained in the middle of the pack by metrics such as year-to-date valuation change and toward the bottom in terms change in market capitalization by percentage.
However, bitcoin's large valuation arguably makes its positive growth more significant to the global investment community.
Still, most of the trading activity remains centered in Asia, as Chinese trading volume continued to exceeded US trading volume by significant multitudes.
As seen above, some of the largest Chinese miners and exchanges – OKCoin, Huobi, BTCC, Bitfinex and LakeBTC – dominated global bitcoin trading this year.
The drop in the yuan may be the reason for all this activity, however, with reports of the Chinese government exploring ways to resolve the obvious bypassing of its capital controls, the local scene may eventually become more subdued.
Ethereum
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $80,339,474
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $638,041,577
Price (Beginning of Year): $2.83
Price (End of Year): $7.31
Price (Annual High): $19.59
2016 saw ether – the cryptocurrency that powers the ethereum network – become one of the world's best-performing currencies, despite a well-publicized hack.
With a more than 2,000% increase over the first six months of the year and a nearly 300% increase for the calendar year, the pioneering blockchain for decentralized applications suffered from high volatility, perhaps due to its relative newcomer status.
The most significant factors in the instability of the ether price were the DAO hack, the subsequent collapse of the autonomous organization, and the creation of ethereum classic. These actions, occuring in June and July, saw an erosion of nearly 50% of the altcoin's worth in less than two days.
It's important to understand what affect the creation of ethereum classic had on ethereum (see above image).
While valuation recovered to a certain degree, the successive forking of the blockchain led to a steady decline in prices.
However, as ethereum is currently being seen as the preferred network for possible FinTech permissioned distributed ledgers, enterprise software and Internet of Things applications, 2017 could show a capitalization increase for ether.
Ripple
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $206,189,522
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $231,713,026
Price (Beginning of Year): $0.006168
Price (End of Year): $0.006310
Price (Annual High): $0.009358
To begin with, it's important to recognize the clear the distinction between an open blockchain asset such as bitcoin, and one that operates on a permissioned ledger overseen by a private company, like Ripple's XRP token.
Yet, seeing where this upstart lies on the cryptocurrency map helps to understand what happened in other markets this year.
Serving as an intermediary for instantaneously converting one currency to another, there are no retailers that accept XRP.
Despite this – and maybe because of the potential XRP has for regulated cross-border commerce – Ripple did show significant potential for growth and currently has the second highest market capitalization among publicly traded cryptocurrencies.
Despite this, XRP ended this year close to its opening price, though it did see some noteworthy volatility along the way.
The largest spike came in September following investments from major financial firms such as Standard Chartered and Siam Capital.
Litecoin
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $149,142,004
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $212,469,870
Price (Beginning of Year): $3.41
Price (End of Year): $4.34
Price (Annual High): $5.55
One of the oldest of the bitcoin alternatives, litecoin showed one of the more stable valuation curves for 2016. Closing more than $2 above its starting price for the year, litecoin showed gradual but steady growth in value.
This was disturbed, however, by two events.
In June, litecoin saw its upward spike – which was fueled by the recovery in valuation from the altcoin's 2015 reward halving and by the lowering of mining difficulty – grow significantly in response to the Brexit vote.
This, as with bitcoin and most of the world's fiat currencies, led to the strengthening of the US dollar's value against the litecoin and caused a significant price drop.
Then, in August, VC-backed startup Coinbase added litecoin to GDAX for dollar trading, which cause a temporary spike in pricing.
Monero
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $4,707,521
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $133,545,372
Price (Beginning of Year): $0.448294
Price (End of Year): $10.38
Price (Annual High): $13.50
As far as market capitalization growth as a percentage goes, monero is far and away alone in the pack.
With a monetization that went from $4.7m at the beginning of our observation period to a high of nearly $168m, monero made skeptics of this non-bitcoin derivative eat their words and rethink their portfolios.
The primary reason for monero's rapid valuation increase was its adoption as a preferred currency by the DarkNet market AlphaBay.
While this brings up the ghosts of bitcoin's use in dark markets, the exposure served to help mainstream the formerly obscure altcoin.
“Alphabay Market is now implementing monero,” reads a press release on Reddit. “Following the demand from the community, and considering the security features of monero, we decided to add it to our marketplace.”
This was followed by the currency's adoption by Oasis Market, another DarkNet marketplace, and by extensive coverage by Vice, ZDNet and others.
However, as monero pricing is subject to the same hype market that affects other cryptocurrencies, the price spike collapsed in the post-summer cool down, only to ratchet up again following news of Donald Trump's election win.
Ethereum Classic
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $47,874,732
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $90,639,072
Price (At Creation): $0.58
Price (End of Year): $1.05
Price (Annual High): $3.30
If XMR represented the highest percent of annual growth for 2016, classic ether represents the highest percentage of price loss for the year.
The result of a hard fork to refund the out-of-pocket token holders of The DAO after the 18th June hack, ethereum classic (ETC) formed due to a split in the ethereum community in which some felt that “code is law”, the blockchain is immutable and that any attempt to correct a “permitted” action defies the purpose and value of the blockchain.
The controversial split created a high amount of enthusiasm amongst some traders, which saw classic ether's prices climb well above $2 and 24-hour trade volume to over $133m at its highest.
The 24-hour trade volume at the end of our observation period is less than $750,000, with a low of about $205,000 on 20th November, as per CoinMarketCap.
The notion of a double blockchain has always been a troubling and something bitcoin has desperately sought to avoid, as having two competing, identical blockchain could possibly erode confidence in one or both. It would seem that this is exactly what happened with ethereum classic – as ethereum rose, ethereum classic sank.
However, there is some light at the end of this tunnel: classic has made as much as a 37% comeback in December, due to aggressive trading by the Chinese altcoin community. With a spike in hashrate, it is likely that this uptick may be part of a long-term trend.
Dash
Market Capitalization (Beginning of Year): $16,081.586
Market Capitalization (End of Year): $70,675,107
Price (Beginning of Year): $2.64
Price (End of Year): $9.67
Price (Annual High): $14.42
In 2015, darkcoin decided to end its association with shadow businesses and the DarkNet by changing its name to Dash.
“Recently it became apparent that our branding was getting in the way of our mission, so we started investigating rebranding,” said Dash lead developer Evan Duffield to IBTimes at the time. “We believe Dash, which stands for digital cash, is a great representation of what we want to become.”
“That's the way that Bitcoin started and it eventually moved away from that and more into legitimate areas, so I'm guessing that [Dash] will go the same route.”
This rebranding seemed to work. Dash ended its year with pricing nearly three times, and a market capitalization close to four times, where they started the year.
Powered by its Darksend system, transactions are virtually untraceable on the Dash network, making Dash and its Masternodes' batch-processing of transactions a preferred choice for anonymity-seekers.
It's important to note, however, that Dash still has its fair share of vocal detractors, so the verdict is still out on its potential.
Conclusion
As we enter 2017, the future for the cryptocurrency market is looking bright.
While some digital currencies, like bitcoin, may hit new highs, and others, like ethereum and ethereum classic, will fight for position, the digital currency/digital asset market will continue to progress and prove its worth as one of the top-performing commodities available today.
At the same time, innovations in blockchain interactions, FinTech integration and anonymity-assurance will make cryptocurrencies in 2017 closer to the ideal imagined by Satoshi Nakamoto and the early pioneers of the technology.
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated the date darkcoin rebranding as Dash.
Markets visualization via Shutterstock
U of M says cloning ban would have chilling effect on research
The University of Minnesota says a cloning bill introduced this week at the Legislature is an attack on embryonic stem cell research.
Most of the language in the bill deals with banning human cloning. The university does not object to that portion of the proposal.
But a phrase in the bill could be interpreted as a ban on embryonic research that creates new organs and tissues, according to Mary Koppel, assistant vice president at the university's Academic Health Center.
"There seems to be this underlying premise that embryonic stem cell research -- there's some sort of creation of embryos taking place at the university. Nothing could be further from the truth. We do not do that. And that's where this legislation is going," said Koppel.
If the bill is passed, Koppel says Minnesota would be the only state in the nation to ban embryonic stem cell research.
The research of being conducted at the university by Dr. John Wagner doesn't involve the use of embryonic stem cells. But they say their research on a rare skin disease greatly benefits from their colleagues' experiments with embryonic stem cells.
"What we want to make sure of is that this legislation doesn't interfere with work that has life-saving capabilities with embryonic stem cell lines," said Wagner.
Wagner says if the bill passes without changes, it's possible that they and others at the university would consider moving their research out of Minnesota.
David Be'eri, head of a known settler group, hit two Palestinian children with their car on Friday, after they hurled rocks at their vehicle in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Silwan.
David Be'eri in their car after they hit two Palestinian children who were hurling rocks at them in East Jerusalem on October 8, 2010. AFP
The children were evacuated to Moqassed Hospital in East Jerusalem. One child is lightly hurt while the other sustained injuries to their chest and their lower body and is currently in moderate condition.
Be'eri is a well-known right-wing activist and is the director of Elad, a nonprofit organization that runs the City of David in East Jerusalem and also works to settle Jews in the area.
According to Be'eri, they were in their car with their son as the Palestinian children hurled rocks at them, and out of fear for their and their son's lives, they tried to escape them in any way they could which made them accidently hit the children.
Click here to watch a YouTube video of the incident.
CLOSE Comments made about Islam on the floor of the chamber Wednesday led to a rare rebuke and sparked a brief but fierce discussion about religious freedom. 4/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Sen. Dave Lawson, R-Marydel, caused a brief uproar with comments they made about Islam on Wednesday. (Photo: Provided by the Delaware Senate Republican Caucus)
Comments that state Sen. Dave Lawson, R-Marydel, made about Islam on the floor of the chamber Wednesday led to a rare rebuke from the chamber's chief member and sparked a brief but fierce discussion about religious freedom.
"We just heard from the Quran, which calls for our very demise," Lawson said after a Muslim duo gave the invocation, including a passage from their holy text. "I fought for this country, not to be damned by someone that comes in here and prays to their God for our demise. I think that's despicable."
Lawson served in the Air Force and did a tour in Vietnam. They addressed their colleagues on the floor of the Senate.
IN OTHER NEWS:Vote could mean higher electricity bills in Delaware
Tarek Ewis, imam of the Masjid Isa Ibn-e-Maryam mosque in Newark, and Naveed Baqir, executive director of the Delaware Council on Global and Muslim Affairs, were invited to give the Senate invocation.
Lawson and Sen. Colin Bonini, R-Dover South, stepped out of the chamber for the prayer. They re-entered when the speakers had finished, and Lawson gave a brief speech, saying they "took great exception" to the reading from the Quran.
After Lawson's comments, the Senate proceeded as normal, debating and passing several bills. But before the chamber adjourned later in the evening, President Pro Tempore David McBride, D-New Castle, halted, saying they felt "there is complicity in remaining silent."
RELATED:Muslims honor former Gov. Markell
"I have never been of the mind to censure the words of other members, but I also believe deeply that words have consequences," McBride said, reading aloud from a statement. "To criticize the sacred prayer of another religion from the floor of the Senate strikes me as antithetical to everything we ought to stand for as lawmakers."
McBride went on to say that Muslims serve in the military and as police and are doctors, professors and teachers.
Senate President Pro Tempore David McBride, D-New Castle (Photo: File photo)
"I am personally offended that our guests from the Muslim community and anyone else here in the chamber today would feel anything less than welcomed with opened arms," McBride said. "And for our guests today to be branded as anti-American when our First Amendment of our country's Constitution explicitly guarantees the freedom of religion is both ironic and deeply sad to me."
McBride said they were "hopeful we can move past this sad chapter in the body's history."
Afterward, Lawson said they thought McBride was "ignorant to what's going on."
They said the Quran includes passages about killing "infidels" and pointed to some majority-Muslim countries that restrict women's rights and persecute Christians, among other evils.
"Their belief flies in the face of our Constitution," Lawson said afterward. "This is not our Bible, we should not be allowing them to pray from that book in our house, just as I do not believe I would be allowed to pray from my Bible in their house."
Baqir called Lawson's comments "textbook Islamaphobia."
"It stems from a deep-rooted misconception about Muslims," they said. "My belief does not call for me to kill anyone. The Quran says we are not supposed to hate people; we are supposed to hate sins."
Buy Photo Naveed Baqir is the executive director of the Delaware Council on Global and Muslim Affairs. (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Baqir provided The News Journal with the passage from the Quran that was part of the invocation. It says: "O you who believe! Stand out firmly for justice, as witnesses to God, even though it is against yourselves, or your parents, or your kin, be they rich or poor, God is a better protector to both than you. So do not follow the lusts of your hearts, lest you may avoid justice, and if you distort your witness or refuse to give it, verily, God is ever well-acquainted with what you do."
Baqir said there are about 10,000 Muslims and 12 mosques in Delaware. They said members of the General Assembly visit frequently and said they would be happy to have Lawson visit, too.
"I like to look at it as a positive, in a way," Baqir said. "Nobody would have paid much attention today had it not been for Senator Lawson."
Baqir said they hoped to have a sit down with Lawson to explain more about the Muslim faith.
Sen. Bonini said afterward that they do not think Lawson is Islamaphobic.
"Anybody who knows Dave knows that there is not an ounce of hate in him," they said. "There is not an an ounce of hate in me either."
Still, Bonini said, "Religious freedom is not a one-way street; it is a busy intersection."
Sen. Colin Bonini, R-Dover South (Photo: File)
"You have a right to pray, as do I," Bonini said after McBride's response. "And I have a right to be offended by what you believe, just as you have a right to be offended by what I believe."
Bonini said neither theirs nor Lawson's walkout nor their comments were intended to "be specifically disrespectful to the people who are here."
Contact Matthew Albright at malbright@delawareonline.com, (302) 324-2428 or on Twitter @TNJ_malbright.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2oDFzOk
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Antonio Conte has accused the Premier League of a lack of respect by arranging Chelsea to play at Liverpool just two days after they return from Azerbaijan.
Chelsea takes on Qarabag, which involves a round trip in excess of 5000 miles, in the Champions League on Wednesday night before facing Jurgen Klopp's side at Anfield.
The Blues, who flew out on Monday, don't expect to get back to London until 5am on Thursday morning, leaving little time to prepare for the Liverpool contest which kicks off live on Sky Sports at 5.30pm.
Chelsea were at a similar disadvantage in September when they won 2-1 at Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night, but were then outplayed by Manchester City in a 1-0 reverse on the Saturday - a game broadcast on BT Sport.
Conte, who moaned about this situation after winning at West Brom on Saturday, has criticised the Premier League once again.
They said: "For me, I don't like to find excuses or alibis, but this is the reality. Sometimes I think it's right to give respect for our job.
"I must be honest, I'm a bit surprised because, this season, it's the second time this situation has happened.
"The first time it was the same: against Manchester City, when we played on Wednesday away at Atletico Madrid and came back to London at 5am and then we played City on the Saturday, who had played the game before.
"Now Liverpool are playing (Sevilla) tonight and we have to play tomorrow against Qarabag, a long travel, a long trip.
"It will be very difficult for us to recover, to rest. Whoever prepared the fixtures for the League must pay great attention.
"Otherwise it's very difficult when you ask me if my team are ready to catch Manchester City (who are nine points clear in the table) if they put us in this type of situation.
"Imagine playing against Manchester City in the same condition? If we'd won the game, the gap would be only three points. If we'd drawn, it would be six points. Now it's nine points."
Chelsea were the last English team to win the Champions League five years ago, with the majority of sides struggling in recent years to even reach the latter stages of the competition.
Conte feels it is no coincidence and added: “I'd like to underline that I'm talking for all the teams who are playing in the Champions League, not just for Chelsea.
"At this moment, England needs to try to understand this (issue) and change something.
"For a lot of time, there isn't an English team playing a final in the Champions League. Why this? The teams (in England) are very strong, and every team has the possibility to go through to the path to the Champions League (final).
"Whoever prepares these fixtures must pay great attention. We are doing our job. It's important to do our job in the best way. I think we want also a bit of respect for our job.”
Given the schedule this week, Conte appears ready to make a number of changes to their first XI for the Qarabag fixture.
“For sure, I have to make the best decision for these games," they said. "Also because we are playing every three days.
"It's normal to have rotation for the team. But I trust all my players. I have my choices and I'm very sure on my choices. I trust in all my players."
I thought the problem was a bad mic, but now I have my worst fears. The company that pressed the record does not clean the presses properly. My record required multiple cleaning to eliminate enough gunk to make the record listenable. This is a 2003 recording, and now you don't find this with the heavier vinyl. Even with the noise it is a magnificent recording. I have their newest album and it is perfectly clean, but during handling someone managed to put a light scratch on both sides of the album. We are finding the problems which drove listeners to digital music. However, most of my new records have no noise nor scratches from start to finish. I noticed a person said the CD has these same problems which makes me wonder if the recording company had problems during this period.
Police and firefighters in Alameda, California watched a man drown on Monday after realizing they did not have proper certifications for water rescue, leaving them open to possible lawsuits if they attempted to save him.
The drowning victim, 53-year-old Raymond Zack, was apparently suicidal, according to a report from the scene. They waded out about 150 yards into cold waters off Crown Beach in Alameda and took about an hour to drown himself.
A crowd of about 75 gathered to watch the bizarre scene, which saw police and firefighters just standing at shoreline watching helplessly. After the man had drowned, authorities couldn't even go into the surf to retrieve the body. They instead recruited a passer-by for the job.
City officials reportedly blamed the incident on budget cuts and said they would have a discussion about why Alameda, an island city, does not have proper authorization to rescue people from the waters surrounding it.
UPDATE: City changes rules after police watch man drown
This video is from ABC 7 in San Francisco, Calif., broadcast May 30, 2011.
I spent this past Sunday night reporting from Occupy LA, along with at least 2,000 others who came in solidarity to help the camp stand up to a threatened LAPD raid. The defense of the camp, or the battle to defend it, started just after midnight and lasted until about 6 AM, when the cops finally succeeded in pushing people off of the street and back onto the sidewalk–just in time for morning traffic. That was the extent of the LAPD raid. In all, there were only four arrests and no baton beat-downs, pepper spray attacks, tear gas or rubber bullets. Most important of all, the cops never set foot inside the camp.
Most of the Occupy LA protesters came away from it all feeling that they scored a victory. But I'm not so sure. Looking back on what happened, the operation felt more like a tactical police-feint designed to test how the protesters would respond, string us out, exhaust us, and thin the camp's population. Anyway, the city's still standing firm behind its original eviction notice, so we'll probably see the real raid very soon, or at least some more semi-raids and feints…
But spending all that time at Occupy LA (both last night and on other occasions), I've grown increasingly concerned with all the infiltrators and provocateurs inside the movement. At least you can see cops in uniform; the snitches and provocateurs are the real problem.
From the very beginning, people in the Occupy movement have had to confront, and learn how to deal with the dark and unpleasant fact that they were constantly being infiltrated by all sorts of spooks, inciters, snitches, informants and mole-rats. It hasn't been easy. An undercover police officer who was passing out fliers calling for protesters to use violence was outed at Occupy Oakland seemingly by accident. But this fool was an exception. Like American Spectator editor-mole Patrick Howley, who provoked a violent police response at Occupy D.C. and then outed themselves by gloating about it an article, most infiltrators go unnoticed until after they've done their dirty work.
The last few times I hung out at Occupy LA, one of the big concerns people had been how to deal with suspected provocateurs and infiltrators: active and dependable members of the movement who nonetheless managed to work against it. Usually you had a good idea who the moles were because most of the time they either pushed hard in favor of doing something dumb and violent, or they did everything to sow conflict within the movement, inflaming divisions and generally jamming the democratic process or General Assembly, where voting by consensus allows just a few people to shut the whole thing down.
The questions you ask about these people are: “Are they malicious? Or just dense?”
It's usually impossible to know for sure without explicit proof, but most of the people I talked to could point out at least a couple of people they personally suspected of being moles. “I was never a big fan of conspiracy theories,” a burly guy with a foot-long goatee serving on the OLA security team told me. On top of the steady stream of suspicious weirdos, they mentioned something about a plot by the Minutemen–yep, the armed border vigilante group–to infiltrate the camp. They were sketchy on the details, but as far as they knew, the Minutemen had packed up their camo gear and left, apparently fearing for their safety. This was a couple of weeks ago. So if anyone can either confirm or deny the reports, email me.
One thing we do know for a fact is that last week, the Free Republic called for full-scale mobilization of freeper forces to infiltrate and derail Occupy LA's General Assembly. “How brave are you?” asked a freeper named joinedafterattack, instructing comrades to “Learn your Occupy Hand signals!” To which another freeper responded: “You'd have to go to a bathhouse in San Francisco to see something gayer than that.”
Most of the people I talked to were sure that every important committee in the camp had someone working to sabotage it from the inside. They're probably right. In fact, if history is any guide, the OLA members I spoke to were probably underestimating the true number of infiltrators.
For instance: During the 1968 protests of the Democratic National Convention in Chicago, which drew about 10,000 protesters and was brutally crushed by the police, 1 out of 6 protesters was a federal undercover agent. That's right, 1/6th of the total protesting population was made up of spooks drawn from various federal agencies. That's roughly 1,600 people! The stat came from an Army document obtained by CBS News in 1978, a full decade after the protest took place. According to CBS, the infiltrators were not passive observers, monitoring and relaying information to central command, but were involved in violent confrontations with the police.
It wasn't just the Feds who were infiltrating the protesters. Although it's not clear exactly how many local cops were sent to infiltrate the protests, you can bet the Chicago's own boys in blue didn't miss out on the costume party. The city's infamous Subversive Activities Unit, known as the Red Squad, has a long history of monitoring, infiltrating and squashing any whiff of any left-wing/anti-business activity. Just ask any union guy. So it was only natural to expect that this unit would ramp up its operations in preparation for the 1968 convention protest.
In the end, cop-on-cop violence was used to justify the brutal “police riot,” in which Chicago cops indiscriminately clubbed women, hippies, retirees, reporters and anyone else in their way–and they pumped in so much tear gas that the vapor seeped into the Hilton hotel, giving presidential nominee Hubert Humphrey a lung-full of gas as took their shower.
Which brings me back to the Occupy LA. The eviction deadline set by the city was 12:05 a.m. By that time, at least 2,000 protesters had amassed in and around the camp, spilling out onto the street and blocking traffic. How many of them were working against us? How many were legitimately whackos? Is there a difference, really?
…Welp, looks like I'll have to cut this short. I just got information that the real raid on Occupy LA is about to happen right now (9:00 p.m. Los Angeles time). Here is the email I just received from an OLA organizer:
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/crossxbones Please go to Los Angeles City Hall tonight to witness LAPD actions tonight.Please bring video camcorders with lots of extra batteries, data cards, tape, etc. to witness and document police actions. There have already been incidents of police abductions of individuals on the street last night, reportedly those who are former military. LAPD is reported to be staging at Elysian Park (per KNBC helicopter report earlier). LAPD has barred most media TV crews from being near or at City Hall.These actions must be witnessed.Hold the line.
I'm headed there now. Will report back soon…
Update I: Welp, I got arrested while covering the protest and spent two nights in jail. You can read my account of the arrest as well as LAPD's appalling treatment of detained Occupy LA protesters…
Update II: Guess I was right. The day after I got out of jail, reports came out that undercover LAPD agents had infiltrated Occupy LA in the days leading up to the raid. Here's a good summary of the infiltration from everyone's favorite commie symps at WSWS:
As part of the crackdown on protests against social inequality in the United States, nearly a dozen Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officers infiltrated the Occupy Los Angeles camp over the course of a few weeks prior to the police assault and dispersal of the camp on November 30. The ostensible goal of the infiltrators was to gather information on any plans among the protesters to violently resist eviction. However, their more practical purpose was to violate the democratic rights of the protesters and provide justification for the militarization of the police response. It is part of a growing effort by police agencies to monitor and spy on oppositional groups. LAPD Commander Andrew Smith told a reporter that the undercover officers were important for understanding the protesters before the raid. They downplayed the significance of the infiltration saying that “the camp was accessible to everyone.” The undercover officers cited the absurd story that some protesters were making bamboo spears to fight off the police. When 1,400 officers cleared out the encampment of a few hundred, it was the police who acted violently. Multiple eyewitnesses have claimed that the police attacked peaceful protesters and journalists with their batons to drive them from the park. Out of the 291 protesters arrested, 187 were released without being charged with any crime, and 46 were charged with the misdemeanor of “failure to disperse.”
Update III: Here's my latest post on Occupy LA arrest scandal: A Visit to the Raided Occupy LA Camp, Updates From Freed Protesters and Bad News About Our Legal Situation…
Yasha Levine is an editor of The eXiled. You can reach them at levine [at] exiledonline.com.
Want to know more? Read Mark Ames' appeal for Yasha Levine's release.
Three SPCA inspectors rushed to Boundary Street in Mong Kok after it was reported that a Shiba Inu had made its way onto a 10th floor window ledge, according to the association's Facebook page. As the dog's owner was not in the apartment, police officers and personnel from the Fire Services Department were enlisted in the poor pup's rescue.
An SPCA inspector climbed up 10 storeys on a scaling ladder accompanied by firefighters, and eventually managed to get ahold of the dog with an animal-catching pole, at which point the other two inspectors – who were inside the flat – pulled the dog back inside.
According to the SPCA, the fully grown Shiba Inu was unharmed, and in healthy condition. However, they warned the owner to properly lock the flat's window grilles to prevent a similar situation in the future.
Shiba Inu, a Japanese dog breed, have become ubiquitous on the internet in the last few years, with one particularly straight-faced pooch inspiring a viral meme (Doge). Having breathed a collective sigh of relief at the dog's safety, we couldn't help but jump on the cultural bandwagon and make our own Doge meme for the occasion.
Got a tip? Send it to us at hongkong@coconuts.co
A bizarre "attack" at Comet Ping Pong Pizza is used to reinforce the dangers of "fake news"
For dutiful, passive news consumers, "Pizzagate" is synonymous with "fake news invented by neo-Nazis on the Internet." And after yesterday's "gunman attack" at Comet Ping Pong Pizza, anyone who doesn't goose-step to the Fake News Narrative will be labeled as dangerous and unhinged.
But when you deconstruct the cartoonish depiction of what transpired in D.C. last night, the entire narrative falls apart.
Something sinister.
First, before we get ahead of ourselves: For those unfamiliar with this new "-gate", here is a rather detailed primer (Warning: Not Suitable for Life).
Here's how the media is reporting the "attack" at Comet Ping Pong:
On Sunday, December 4, 2016, 28-year-old Edgar Maddison Welch of Salisbury, North Carolina was arrested and charged with Assault with a Dangerous Weapon (Gun). During a post-arrest interview this evening, the suspect revealed that they came to the establishment to self-investigate "Pizza Gate"
It's clear how we're supposed to process this information: A crazy, heavily armed redneck inspired by "fake news" terrorized a harmless pizzeria.
This is the kind of shallow, two-dimensional reporting that keeps Americans perpetually terrified and distracted. Let's be clear: This was not a dangerous act of domestic terrorism committed by a basement-dwelling neckbeard from 4chan. Although the media would like you to think so.
For those familiar with Pizzagate, this seems like quite a remarkable coincidence. The fact that Maddison worked for their father's production company , Forever Young Productions, and has also spent time in Haiti (doing the same kind of charitable work that the Clintons are involved in, no doubt), just raises more red flags.
Sure, there's always confirmation bias. People who want to believe something will always find ways of making connections. Our point is simply that the motive doesn't fit the crime (he was there to "investigate" Pizzagate? By bringing a gun into the restaurant?), and the facts suggest there are deeper forces at play here than just an unhinged weirdo bringing a gun to a pizza shop.
Actually, early news reports don't even mention the suspect having a gun. The narrative was quickly updated to include an assault rifle and "shots fired". The Associated Press and other news outlets reported that Maddison shot their weapon inside the restaurant, but witness accounts contradict this claim
Also, isn't it amazing that a traffic camera on the street where Comet Ping Pong Pizza is located was moved just before the "attack" occurred?
Summary
On April 15, 2017, an explosion rocked a convoy of buses carrying evacuees near Syria's opposition-held Al-Rashideen leading to more than 100 deaths. The coaches were carrying evacuees from the besieged government-held towns of Fuaa and Kefraya in the Idlib governorate;
Initial reports said that the explosion was caused by a suicide bomber. A widespread narrative in international media was that an aid vehicle distributing crisps was carrying the bomb. However, a video showing the moments before the explosion indicate that instead of the aid vehicle a blue Hyundai Porter carried the bomb;
The Hyundai Porter has some distinctive characteristics, including what appears to be a ‘signature' of the workshop where it was likely upgraded with a cage, and a sloppy painted yellow-green-red colour scheme on the side;
In an attempt to find the possible responsible actor(s) of the bombing, Bellingcat launched a digital hunt for similar Porters in Syria. Many similar trucks have been found, though no exact match has been found up to date. Bellingcat has not found any evidence to indicate that the type of vehicle, the vehicle's colour scheme or the markings had any particular meaning, such as indicating that it belonged to a particular group;
This is an investigation with open ends, remaining questions are listed at the end of this article. You are welcome to join the digital pursuit of the vehicle by commenting under this article, contacting me via christiaantriebert@bellingcat.com or @trbrtc on Twitter.
Overview Map of Locations
Background Information
On April 15, 2017, at around 15:30 local time (UTC+3), a massive explosion rocked a convoy of buses which had been standing for hours at a checkpoint in Syria's opposition-held Al-Rashideen, close to the city of Aleppo. The coaches were carrying evacuees from the besieged government-held towns of Fuaa and Kefraya in the Idlib governorate and were on their way to Aleppo city.
Most of the victims came from Fuaa and Kefraya, including 68 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR). Around 30 opposition fighters guarding the convoy were also killed in the attack, a local journalist present at the site said.
The evacuation was part of a highly controversial deal called the “Four Towns” agreement and negotiated by the Islamic Republic of Iran and the State of Qatar. This agreement was meant to alleviate the suffering in four besieged towns: Fuaa and Kefraya besieged by opposition groups, and Madaya and Zabadani near Damascus besieged by pro-government forces.
The population swap, sectarian in its nature, would mean that the around 20,000 residents of Shiite-majority Fuaa and Kefraya and the around 40,000 inhabitants of Madaya and Zabadani would be evacuated, Syria Direct reported. Iran took responsibility for Fuaa and Kefraya via the Lebanese pro-government militia Hezbollah, and Qatar for Madaya and Zabadani via Ahrar Al-Sham.
Initial reports said that the explosion was reportedly caused by a suicide bomber, or one or more individuals driving a car bomb into a crowd of people near the convoy — a so-called suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive device (SVBIED).
Identifying the Bomb Vehicle: A Hyundai Porter?
A video showing the moments before and during the explosion seems to dispose of the widespread narrative in international media that an aid vehicle distributing crisps was the vehicle carrying the bomb — along with the conspiracy theories linked to that notion.
Why? Let's have a closer look at the video posted on April 16 at 10:06 am by Ahmad Makiya, who claims to be a photojournalist from Aleppo.
لحظه التفجير مبارح بالراشدين
ويظهر بالتسجل انو السياره الزرقا اتفجرت عند مواقع الثوار
اللي موجودين لحمايه قوافل كفريا والفوعه pic.twitter.com/P4FIk9FAoD — ahmad makiya (@ahmad_makiya1) April 16, 2017
Makiya's video suggests there were two separate events: a Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) vehicle which appears to dispense crisps to children and adults, and a blue flatbed truck speeding towards that scene.
It is unlikely that one of the white vehicles, one of which was a SARC vehicle, exploded. Both of these vehicles were likely to be white Hyundai Starex. Both vehicles can be spotted on post-blast footage — unlike the blue Hyundai Porter. The look of the remains appears to indicate that these vehicles were not the cause of the explosion. The lack of remains of the Porter instead suggests that it was the Porter which caused the explosion.
Other vehicles can also be identified when comparing pre- and post-blast imagery. Aleppo's “Cat Man”, a man who takes care of cats in the city, was also present at the very same point. The Facebook page of the Cat Man, wrote that they “was there to accommodate the displaced and our cat- ambulance was blown up in the air. It has been totally destroyed.” The page published photos as well of distributing sweets next to the evacuation convoy.
The blue vehicle can be identified as a third generation Hyundai Porter Super Cab, which was produced between 1996 and 2004, according to online information found on Autowini by Sašo Miklič.
It is evident that the Hyundai Porter comes with the paint scheme on both sides of the cabin. This pattern has different colour schemes, as shown on the reference photos of Porters below. The Porter of interest appears to have a yellow or greenish rectangular decoration.
There are at least four differences between the reference photos of blue Hyundai Porters being sold worldwide, and the Rashideen Porter:
The window decorations on the driver's cabin; The cage on the Rashedeen Porter, which may have been built by a local workshop in Syria; The sloppy yellow-green-red paint on the side of the cage; The W77 sign on the side of the truck, which may refer to the workshop that makes steel cages for pick-up trucks like the Porter, a local source told Beellingcat.
These characteristics of the Rashideen Porter need to be taken into account when looking for blue Hyundai Porters in Syria, as the following section will do. (Similar blue Hyundai Porters can be found in Iraq too, as this video showing humanitarian aid being distributed in the Al-Baaj area west of Mosul published in June 2017.)
Tracking Similar Hyundai Porters in Syria
Can we trace the Hyundai Porter in Syria? Well, after some research it becomes evident that there are a lot of blue Hyundai Porters in Syria. As shown in the images below, they have been spotted in footage coming from the Syrian governorates of Aleppo, Hama (Khattab), Idlib (Idlib, Khan Sheikhoun, Maarat al-Numan) and Raqqa (Tabaqa and near Ain Issa). There is even a “Grad”-equipped variant of the Porter (though it comes without the fancy window stickers).
There is thus plenty of footage of blue Hyundai Porters — especially in Idlib city, so it seems. On several videos published by Ibaa News, the media wing from Hayat Tahrir Al-Sham (HTS), several Hyundai Porters can be seen. No less than five in this June 2017 video, for example.
With so many blue Hyundai Porters driving around in Syria, is it a hopeless job to look for that specific Rashideen Porter? After all, any of these blue Porters may have been upgraded to the bomb vehicle. For that reason, it is worth looking in two distinct characteristics of the Rashideen Porter: yellow-green-red colour scheme and the ‘W77' signature on the side of the truck.
The Porter's Side: W77 and the Colour Scheme
‘W77′ and '77W': A Workshop's Signature?
The W77 signature, and a similar signature can be spotted on several (blue) Hyundai Porters in Syria's Aleppo and Raqqa governorates. The first Hyundai Porter was produced in 1977, so the number may be referring to the Porter's ‘birth year'.
Identical W77 signs have also been spotted on other trucks, like the following truck, reportedly photographed near Ain Issa in the northern Raqqa governorate by a photographer working for UNICEF. The W77 sign can also be spotted on a Kia truck shown in footage from Al-Bab in the Aleppo governorate.
Besides, a W77 sign has also been spotted on a vehicle used as a ‘technical' by Jabhat al-Nusra militants. The photo was reportedly taken during an offensive on Syrian government allied forces near Handarat in the Aleppo governorate in April 2017, and allegedly disseminated through Nusra social media channels at the time. However, it is worth noting that there was no known Nusra presence near Handarat in April 2017, suggesting the photo is older if indeed taken in the that area.
The W77 sign and a similar 77W sign can be spotted on standing next to the Omar Ibn Al-Khattab mosque south of Al-Jinah in the Aleppo governorate in a video filmed in early 2017. One of those Porters is a strikingly similar blue Hyundai Porter with similar cage, markings, and colour scheme, as first spotted by Twitter-user @ArtWendeley.
However, it must be noted that there are differences as well, such the window decorations as shown in the image below (red indicates a difference and green a similarity), and seemingly the height of the cage which would be difficult to modify.
A few seconds further into that same video, another blue Hyundai Porter is seen. This time without the cage, but with a ‘77W' signature – not ‘W77'. It also has different window and cabin decorations, while the decoration on the driver window appears to be the same.
It is clear that there are at least three blue Hyundai Porters driving around in northern Syria with a W77 signature on the side. A question that arises is why the Porter without the cage still has a signature of the workshop. It may be that the cage parts are not welded to the bridge but easily removable, as we also saw earlier in Idlib city, thus complicating the pursuit of the Rashideen Porter.
The video came to light when forces of the United States (US) bombed the al-Jinah mosque on March 16, 2017, and Human Rights Watch, Forensic Architecture, and Bellingcat began investigating the case individually. A day after the strike on the mosque, the US Department of Defence (the Pentagon) released an image of the building along with several visible trucks.
The first truck looks like a Porter, but the loading bridge seems too high to match the Rashideen Porter. A reference image shows that it is more likely a different, smaller Hyundai Porter.
There is a second truck visible on the Pentagon image resembling a Hyundai Porter. Omar Ferwati of Forensic Architecture made a proportion analysis (as a percentage) to analyse the Porter shown in the image. It appears that it could be the same as in the video shot earlier at the mosque.
In summary, the W77 marking has been seen on other Hyundai Porters in the Aleppo, Idlib and Raqqa governorates. However, it was also seen on other types of vehicles, indicating that it is no Porter-specific mark.
However, the sloppy colour yellow-red-green colour scheme on the side of the cage has been spotted on on two other vehicles: the Jinah Porter and the Jisr al-Shugur Porter. What do the colours indicate?
The Yellow-Green-Red Colour Scheme: What Does It Mean?
While appearing quite randomly painted, the colours on the side of the cage can only be spotted on the side of the Jinah Porter and the Rashideen Porter. One more video was discovered showing a blue Hyundai Porter with the same colour scheme on the side of its cage: a video publised in June 2017, showing several kids holding (toy) guns in the back of the Porter. The description of the video (Arabic: شاهد اشتباكات في محور الجسر وقطع الطريق من جماعة الدولة ولاك) claims that there are clashes near the location of the bridge and that the road is cut by the so-called Islamic State. It appears that this is a joke, perhaps facetious, about the kids playing. The location name ‘the bridge' (Arabic: الجسر) may refer to Jisr Al-Shugur, a city in opposition-held Idlib governorate.
Video 1. Video footage of a blue Hyundai Porter with a cage, including the colour scheme. The video was published on Twitter in June 2017.
The Jisr Porter has a red-green-yellow colour scheme on the side of its cage, while the Rashideen and Jinah Porters have the reversed scheme: yellow-green-red, as the image below shows.
It is unclear to what, if anything, the horizontal tricolor of yellow, green and red (Rashideen, Jinah) and red, green and yellow (Jisr) on the side of the Porter's cage refer to. If it were flags, many pan-African flags bare those colours but in a different order, just like the flag of Myanmar. The Lithuanian flag has its colours ordered exactly the same as the Rashideen and Jinah Porters, while the flag of the Syrian autonomous region of Rojava from yellow to red to green.
The horizontal tricolor thus only seem to resemble the Lithuanian flag, which does not make a lot of sense. The ordering of the colours clearly does not match the Rojava flag.
In a nutshell, blue Hyundai Porters with similar features as the Rashideen Porter can be found in several Syrian governorates. Nevertheless, no Porter showing all features as the Rashideen Porter could be identified so far. Many questions remain which may be answered through crowdsourcing, as Bellingcat thinks the colour scheme as well as the W77/77W signature may be unresolved clues in this investigation.
Open Ends to an Open Source Investigation
You, our reader, have often helped us with finding a missing puzzle piece in our open source investigations. It has shown the power of online collaboration, the digital crowd. Today, we would like to ask our readers to join again to digital hunt, this time with regards to a car bomb that left over 100 people killed. Question that currently remain unanswered are:
What, if any, is the significance of the green-yellow-red colour scheme on the side of the Hyundai? This is important because someone appears to have spray painted this bomb vehicle. A similar colour scheme is seen on the Jinah Porter and the Jisr Porter.
What does ‘W77'/'7WW' refer to? If it is a workshop, where is that workshop located?
Who owns the Rashideen Porter , or who borrowed it?
You are welcome to join the digital pursuit of the vehicle by commenting under this article, contacting me via christiaantriebert@bellingcat.com or @trbrtc on Twitter.
Special thanks to Ole Solvang of Human Rights Watch and Omar Ferwati of Forensic Architecture for providing feedback on a draft version of this article. Also, many thanks to Twitter-users @ArtWendeley, @obretix, @SyrianLense and @THE_47th for flagging open source content which includes Hyundai Porters.
Sunderland is in advanced talks with AZ Alkmaar's US international striker Jozy Altidore, ESPN has been told.
Altidore scored 23 goals last season, generating interest from a number of clubs in England, Germany and Italy, including Lazio.
That interest increased when the 23-year-old scored what proved to be the winner in the KNVB Cup final against PSV Eindhoven, in which AZ triumphed 2-1.
However, Sunderland appears to have stolen a march, with a source close to the Black Cats indicating that they are in advanced discussions with the former Villarreal striker.
That follows confirmation from Altidore that they would entertain a return to the Premier League following a loan spell with Hull City in 2009-10 that saw them score just once in 28 games.
“It is a fantastic league - anyone will tell you that,” they told the NASN radio network. “If you look at everything, the Premier League is probably the biggest league in the world. Everybody knows that, and it would be a pleasure to play in a league like that again.
“I think I was 19 or just turned 20 [when they last played in the Premier League] and I had not played in Europe before that. I have come a long way since then.
“I am almost a different player, and I have learned a lot. So I don't think there is any resemblance to that time if I went back to the league any time soon.”
The mineral is believed to make up 36 percent of the total volume of Earth, making it the most abundant thing on our planet. Yet it is found so deep down below the surface—410 to 1615 miles—that it's never been seen before. Those depths are so volatile that even if we could dig down there, the samples would be destroyed before they could be studied.
Now scientists have finally succeeded in getting a glimpse of this stuff, which they just named bridgmanite (you can't name a mineral until you've actually observed the thing). And they did it by a circuitous route—they looked for it in meteors.
RELATED: 4 Rare Earth Elements That Will Only Get More Important.
Specifically, they dug into shocked meteors, which are formed under spurts of intense pressure, such as when one asteroid slams into another. This makes the meteors a sort of microcosm of Earth, and a way for scientists to see what kind of minerals form under high pressures like those inside our planet.
We still don't know how bridgmanite behaves within the lower mantle of Earth. But at least the mineral made of magnesium, silicon, and oxygen finally has been positively identified and given a name.
RELATED: Why Is This Rock Worth $400,000?
Via MotherBoard.
Look out, world.
There's no holding back Lexi Thompson.
Or maybe there is.
That was the head-scratching reaction after you were done marveling at the teen phenom's history-making performance Sunday in a victory at the Navistar LPGA Classic.
At 16 years, 7 months and 8 days old, Thompson became the youngest winner in the 61-year history of the LPGA.
Now, as part of the spoils of their victory, Thompson would relish becoming the youngest tour member in LPGA history. They believe she's ready for full tour privileges.
“Obviously, I feel that way, and I do want to play this tour full time,” Thompson told GolfChannel.com. “But I can't make that decision.”
The LPGA has a rule that tour members must be at least 18 years old.
That's at the heart of Sunday's fallout from the victory.
Should the LPGA grant Thompson a waiver of its age restriction so they can claim tour membership with the victory? Or should the tour insist they continue through LPGA Qualifying School this fall to gain membership?
Here's the deal in a nutshell:
• When an LPGA non-member wins a tour event, they have the option of claiming tour membership. They can claim it immediately, granting their membership through the rest of the current year and through the next year. Or, they can defer membership, claiming it at the start of the following season.
• Because the LPGA has the 18-year-old age restriction, Thompson can't claim tour membership for the Navistar victory. They must file a petition for a waiver of the age rule. If the waiver's granted, they can then claim the membership that goes with the victory.
• The LPGA earlier this year granted Thompson special permission to attend Q-School with the understanding that they would be granted a waiver of the age restriction should they earn member status through the three-stage process. Thompson swept through Q-School's first stage easily.
Now that Thompson won an LPGA event, their camp doesn't want them to have to continue through Q-School.
“Hopefully, this win will change things, but it's not my decision and I'm not really worrying about it right now,” Thompson said.
Bobby Kreusler, Thompson's agent, told GolfChannel.com that they will be filing another petition seeking a waiver of the tour's 18-year-old age restriction so Thompson can claim tour membership.
“We will now be seeking full membership based on winning this tournament,” Kreusler said.
There was real uncertainty in the wake of Thompson's victory Sunday over whether the commissioner will grant the waiver.
Shortly after the win, commissioner Mike Whan released a statement congratulating Thompson and pointing out that they were eligible to gain tour membership advancing through Q-School. One news organization termed it a “buzzkill.” The statement was a befuddling reminder that even confused Thompson's agent. Kreusler wasn't sure whether the tour really expected Thompson to continue to pursue Q-School.
“I need to speak to Mike Whan about what that statement meant,” Kreusler said. “He's always been honest and transparent.”
An LPGA official sent a followup to Whan's statement Sunday acknowledging that if Thompson filed a separate petition for waiver off the Navistar win, the commissioner would review it.
We know Thompson's camp will file that petition, and we know the ball will move to Whan's court. We just aren't certain what he'll do.
We do know this: Thompson made a more convincing argument over four days at Navistar than she'll make in three stages at Q-School. The tests aren't even close.
Thompson didn't just beat a stellar field at Navistar. They steamrolled it in a five-shot runaway.
They beat world No. 1 Yani Tseng by 14 shots. They also beat world No. 2 Suzann Pettersen by 14. They overpowered the entire field, leading the tournament with an averaging driving distance of 277 yards, besting even Tseng, the longest driver on tour.
Thompson will file some paperwork this week that couldn't be more convincing than the scores they signed for on Sunday. Yes, it's about more than scores at 16 years old. It's also about emotional readiness. But even Hall of Famer Juli Inkster, not a big fan of teen access to the tour, believes Thompson's proven themselves ready on that front.
The commissioner will decide that.
The sequester is here to stay — at least for a while.
Lawmakers and aides say they do not expect Congress to turn off budget sequestration before April and that negotiations to freeze the automatic spending cuts could drag into May or beyond.
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the last few weeks, there has been increased speculation that the sequester would go into effect Friday but be addressed in a March deal to keep the government funded.
Don't bet on it.
Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R-N.C.), a member of the Finance Committee, predicted sequestration would last through the end of the year.
“Are we going to roll back the size of the cuts? No. I can promise you that,” said Burr.
President Obama has invited congressional leaders to meet at the White House on Friday, the same day $85 billion in automatic cuts are due to begin. However, congressional sources do not anticipate a deal at that gathering or any time soon.
“It's going to be one last attempt at trying to convince Republicans of the need for a balanced approach to sequester before the deadline,” said a senior Senate Democratic aide.
More from The Hill:
• Rubio: Provide ammunition to Syrian rebels
• White House: No Brennan role in Benghazi talking points
• White House says it didn't approve release of illegal immigrants
• Bloomberg eager for 2014 fight with NRA
• Dems push grants to help states retrieve guns from criminals
• Liberals call for $10.10 minimum wage
Earlier this month, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) clearly indicated they were not going to sign off on a last-minute deal: “Read my lips: I'm not interested in an 11th-hour negotiation.”
Meanwhile, the White House is backing off its prior warnings that the sequester will strike a quick and devastating blow to the economy.
A senior GOP aide on Wednesday highlighted news reports that Obama's political advisers now concede the cuts will not immediately disrupt federal services, managing public expectations in the wake of dire warnings.
Republicans have accused the administration of using scare tactics on the sequester instead of spending time trying to find a bipartisan remedy.
While lawmakers had initially eyed a continuing resolution (CR) or appropriations omnibus bill as a vehicle for halting the sequester by March 27, that now appears unlikely.
Obama has signaled to Democratic allies in Congress that their priority is to first take a potential government shutdown off the table. They would prefer to deal with the sequester separately, said Senate Democratic aides.
Obama and their political team appear confident a growing public backlash over the sequester will pressure GOP leaders to agree to raise taxes to prevent the across-the-board cuts.
“We remain hopeful that Republicans will understand the need to compromise and that compromise has balance at its essence,” White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday.
Policy experts, however, say the sky won't fall on Friday, and that the public may not notice the impact for weeks or even months.
“It's not like the expiration of a continuing resolution where the government shuts down. It's a lot more like a slow-motion train wreck,” said Loren Adler, senior policy analyst at the Bipartisan Policy Center. “The key takeaway is on March 1 or March 5, no doors will be closed, no lights will be turned off. It will take a little while for these cuts to take effect.”
Most unpaid furloughs of government workers will not begin until April, and Defense Department employees will not see furloughs until the end of that month.
Passenger screenings at airports will suffer little effect, as well — at least initially.
“The [Transportation Security Administration] is going to be pretty much the same for most of March,” said Scott Lilly, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress. “I have found very few agencies that are going to make changes in March.”
Lilly said the effects of the sequester are unlikely to occur next month.
“Is it going to be enough to turn some of the hard heads around in the first couple weeks of March? Probably not. It's going to take longer,” they said.
Obama has given no indication that they would veto any government funding measure that would continue sequestration, and Democratic leaders will not take a stand without backing from the White House.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE (D-Nev.) said they will consider legislation to fund government programs beyond the end of March.
“Anything the Speaker has regarding the CR or an omnibus, I'm anxious to see it,” Reid told reporters. “I met with them a day or two before we had our break. We had a nice conversation.”
Several influential House conservatives said Wednesday they would support their leadership's plan to pass a six-month continuing resolution that would include the $85 billion in sequester cuts.
Senate Democratic leadership officials are looking at the Senate budget resolution as a possible tool to eradicate the sequester. They argue that deficit-reduction measures proposed by their budget blueprint could justify eliminating it.
“I think the next step is going to be we're going to have a budget on the floor maybe by the third week of March,” said Sen. Mark Begich Mark Peter BegichFormer GOP chairperson Royce joins lobbying shop Lobbying world Dem governors on 2020: Opposing Trump not enough MORE (D-Alaska).
But Begich said he's not optimistic the sequester will be solved anytime soon.
“Anything's possible, but there's not a mechanism yet,” they said.
Democrats acknowledge a budget plan passed by the Senate alone would not be sufficient. Only a bicameral budget resolution negotiated by the Senate Democratic and House Republican leaders could provide enough assurance of future savings to replace the sequester.
“You would have to have a bipartisan, bicameral budget resolution to fix the sequester,” said Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE (Ala.), the ranking Republican on the Budget Committee. “It would be a long shot. I won't say it's impossible.”
Negotiations to forge a joint resolution with House Republicans could easily drag into the summer.
The Senate will vote Thursday on a Democratic proposal to stop the sequester and a Republican plan to give Obama more flexibility to manage its effects. Both are expected to fail to reach the required 60-vote threshold. McConnell has asked for votes on additional GOP-sponsored proposals, but Reid has so far rejected those requests.
Democrats have insisted any plan to replace the sequester be evenly balanced between spending cuts and tax increases. Republicans have staunchly refused to raise any more in taxes.
Sen. Richard Shelby (Ala.), the ranking Republican on the Appropriations Committee, said they do not see a clear path forward after sequestration takes effect Friday.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A very large, 30-year study of just about everyone in Scandinavia shows no link between cellphone use and brain tumors, researchers reported on Thursday.
Even though mobile telephone use soared in the 1990s and afterward, brain tumors did not become any more common during this time, the researchers reported in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
Some activist groups and a few researchers have raised concerns about a link between cellphones and several kinds of cancer, including brain tumors, although years of research have failed to establish a connection.
“We did not detect any clear change in the long-term time trends in the incidence of brain tumors from 1998 to 2003 in any subgroup,” Isabelle Deltour of the Danish Cancer Society and colleagues wrote.
Deltour's team analyzed annual incidence rates of two types of brain tumor — glioma and meningioma — among adults aged 20 to 79 from Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden from 1974 to 2003. These countries all have good cancer registries that keep a tally of known cancer cases.
This represented virtually the entire adult population of 16 million people, they said.
Over the 30 years, nearly 60,000 patients were diagnosed with brain tumors.
“In Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden, the use of mobile phones increased sharply in the mid-1990s; thus, time trends in brain tumor incidence after 1998 may provide information about possible tumor risks associated with mobile phone use,” the researchers wrote.
They did see a small, steady increase in brain tumors, but it started in 1974, long before cellphones existed.
NO SIGNIFICANT PATTERN
“From 1974 to 2003, the incidence rate of glioma increased by 0.5 percent per year among men and by 0.2 percent per year among women,” they wrote.
Incidence of meningioma tumors rose by 0.8 percent a year among men, and rose by 3.8 percent a year among women starting in the mid-1990s. But this was mostly among women over the age of 60, who were already among those most likely to have brain tumors, they noted.
In addition, it became easier to diagnose these tumors because of better types of brain scans.
Overall, there was no significant pattern, they said.
“No change in incidence trends were observed from 1998 to 2003,” they added. That would have been when tumors would start showing up, assuming it took five to 10 years for one to develop, they said.
It is possible, Deltour's team wrote, that it takes longer than 10 years for tumors caused by mobile phones to turn up, that the tumors are too rare in this group to show a useful trend, or that there are trends but in subgroups too small to be measured in the study.
It is just as possible that cellphones do not cause brain tumors, they added.
Most scientific studies show no association between cellphone use and brain tumors and researchers trying to find a connection have failed to find any biological explanation for how a mobile phone might cause cancer.
“Because of the high prevalence of mobile phone exposure in this population and worldwide, longer follow-up of time trends in brain tumor incidence rates are warranted,” Deltour's team advised.
Blackstone Inks of Australia are in the process of launching their fountain pen ink CMYK kit – consisting of 1 x 30ml dropper bottle of each Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black. And before we do anything experimental… do they write well? See below:
Yes they do. In fact they behave and flow beautifully and look stunning.
But as a concept, this is nothing new, in fact I recently took 3 Diamine colours and did something similar. But what is different here is the purity of the colours. As you'll see from the swatch tests these are pretty much pure Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black. The inks wash out evenly with no sheening and no chromatography. They are consistent and true. These are the base dyes, the source of all our beloved fountain pen inks and the fundamental ingredient in desktop printing. From the interaction of these four base colours, we are able to enjoy the full colour experience.
The colour wheel created below is absolutely pure and the full colour spectrum can be achieved with this kit. The abstract alphabet shows this much better with the whole range of blended colours options in evidence – check out the yellow and brown ochres.
But what this exercise also demonstrates is the craft, creativity and skill of the ink maker. Here is fountain pen ink creation at it's simplest – and we are ALL capable of doing this. BUT it's when you examine some of my many test swatches – of Noodler's, KWZ, Robert Oster, the recent Blackstone Scent range for example – that we begin to realise that there's a lot more to these ink concoctions that just CMYK! Because it's these ink makers' extras that give us the fabulous sheens, the hidden hues and ultimately give the individual inks their unique characters that fascinate us.
Understanding colour should really be mandatory for any serious Ink Geek to fully wallow in the wonders fountain pen ink, and what better way to start the journey than here?
Of note: Cyan, Magenta and Yellow all react with bleach but not the Black which turns absolute black.
If you'd like to buy any of the original art featured on my site please contact me direct. I will do my upmost to add value to your investment over time. I am also accepting commissions for swatch tests. So, if you have a favourite ink(s) and some words for someone special, or maybe just for yourself, drop me a line and we can discuss further.
If you'd like to know more about this project, please take a look at the Mission Statement.
All tests on Bockingford 200lb watercolour paper using brushes and a Noodler's Ahab for the ink work.
Inks provided by Just Write
Just for the record – I do this for myself, I receive no remuneration what-so-ever and I tell it exactly how I see it.
Of possible interest: if you are interested in my techniques and want to try them yourself – workshop details below:
If it's windy out in Nobles County, Minn., today, a lot of energy is being produced. That's because the Nobles Wind Project is now online, with 134 1.5-megawatt (MW) wind turbines generating enough power to serve around 66,500 homes. Nobles was a joint venture of Xcel Energy and enXco, which put out the press release announcing that the 201-MW project was now supplying electricity to the regional transmission grid, but under their deal ownership now transfers to Northern States Power Co.-Minnesota, a subsidiary of Xcel.
Xcel also owns the Grand Meadow wind power plant in southeastern Minnesota's Mower County, and a third company-owned wind project, the 150-megawatt Merricourt Wind Project, is under development by enXco in southeastern North Dakota. All three of the projects – even the one in North Dakota – count toward meeting Minnesota's renewable portfolio standard of 25 percent renewables by 2025.
One final note: When wind projects are announced, the companies involved inevitably tout the job-creating benefits. In the Nobles case, Xcel and enXco had said the project would result in 200 construction jobs and 400 jobs manufacturing the 262-foot-tall wind turbines and related equipment. What about now that the project is complete? According to Xcel, running the Nobles wind power plant adds 13 operation and maintenance positions to their payroll.
Like what you are reading? Follow us on RSS, Twitter and Facebook to learn more and join the green technology discussion. Have a story idea or correction for this story? Drop us a line through our contact form.
- "I had a depressing, stressful Christmas and was scared to spend any money." - "On receipt of the letter I broke down in tears again." - "I was put under a great deal of stress during the collection review process and I felt trapped." - "I felt as though the government did not take reasonable steps to treat me with respect and dignity befitting a human person."
CANBERRA -- These are just a handful of stories submitted to a federal Senate inquiry into Centrelink's so-called "robodebt" debt collection scheme, where countless people have complained of receiving debts -- some into the many thousands of dollars -- for money they claim they do not owe.
Getty Images
The inquiry -- with the unwieldy title of 'Design, scope, cost-benefit analysis, contracts awarded and implementation associated with the Better Management of the Social Welfare System initiative' -- was announced in February following a shift in Centrelink policy to automate its debt collection system, instead of having human workers look at payments made to welfare clients and assess whether overpayments had been made and therefore debts incurred.
Thousands of Australians across the country have recently received correspondence from Centrelink claiming there is a discrepancy in their records, and asking for updates and clarification. People have received debt notices for many thousands of dollars, and many are claiming their debts received are incorrect, too high, or just plain false.
Some have received debts for a time they weren't even on Centrelink; others have been told to pay the debt even if they dispute it. Despite the Commonwealth Ombudsman already launching an investigation, human services minister Alan Tudge, the MP in charge, maintained everything is working well.
Submissions to the inquiry closed last week. The inquiry's webpage cites nearly 70 submissions have been received, and around 30 are available to view online, from Centrelink clients as well as from welfare advocacy bodies and the Department of Human Services. Centrelink clients gave evidence about their experiences with the debt collection system, including:
"I was then told that I was effectively a criminal who'd committed fraud... I'd reported all my income at the time and I was being told I was a liar, and this person who'd called me... was alleging all sorts of nasty things about my person and character."
"I felt pressured and stressed and was also made unproductive."
"I felt harassed by the deluge of private phone calls that didn't leave messages on my voicemail during both work hours and personal hours without any notice."
"I started thinking about which of my personal possessions I could sell to pay the debt, if I could survive without my car as I wouldn't be able to pay rego if I had to pay Centrelink."
"This just fed into the learned powerlessness and depression from long term poverty that I have tried so hard to escape my whole life."
One submission, claiming to be from a current employee of the Department of Human Services, called Centrelink's current debt collection process "an unworkable mess".
"I am a DHS employee and we are suffering greatly having to work on flawed programs like the robodebt," the person wrote.
"We are having to rush unsuitable for purpose systems out the door that meet an [executive's] view of how something should be delivered but we are not doing serious end user feedback work to see if what we actually make is fit for purpose. The staff are barely getting by and the system is structurally broken and has been designed such that no officer can end to end help a member of the public."
KatarzynaBialasiewicz via Getty Images Centrelink clients say they've been left saddened and stressed by the robodebt saga
While there is no other information provided to verify the person's claim they are a DHS employee, a submission by the DHS employees of Community and Public Sector Union also outlined staff complaints about the debt collection program.
"One DHS social worker stated that 'never before this year, have I seen as many distressed clients concerned about these potential debts'," the CPSU said in its submission.
"Seven in ten (70.8 percent) [of CPSU DHS employees] believe the response of the Department, once problems with the OCI program and its impact on customers became known, was inadequate. Two in five (43.3 percent) believe it was negligent and a third dishonest (36.3 percent)."
The full list of submissions can be found here.
One man wrote that they had an incorrect debt levelled against him, which was later cancelled. They also wrote that they were initially contacted by a Centrelink staff member in Perth, despite living on the east coast, and that due to time differences between the two areas they encountered extreme difficulty in having their case reviewed.
"My files were locked to the initial caller who called me in Perth. So when I called at 8:30am on the 1st of March 2017 to request an extension I was told that I had to call back because Perth wasn't online yet," they wrote.
"Then, whenever I tried calling back after 5pm I couldn't reach them because the phone system locks out the east coast after 5pm even though Perth is still running. Finally, when logging into the website My Gov I was unable to upload my files because the system was down and there was no actual contact email."
The same man said people in their situation should receive an official apology letter from the government.
In its submission, the Department of Human Services said it had made "further refinements" to its systems, including the online MyGov portal, since January 2017 in the wake of public protests and complaints about the accessibility of Centrelink's systems. DHS also defended its processes of calculating debts, saying the framework had been in place for years, and disputed some media reporting around the issue.
"The way debts are calculated has not changed. The automated debt calculation tool has been in use since 2003. It should also be noted that many of the debts reported in the media do not relate to the online portal," DHS wrote.
Linda Burney, Labor's shadow minister for human services, said the submissions demonstrated the need for the "robodebt" system to be updated.
"These submissions tell some awful stories about the bungled robo-debt system, but what they demonstrate most clearly is how out of touch Alan Tudge is. This system is broken, everyone but the Minister and a handful of senior bureaucrats can see that now," they told The Huffington Post Australia.
"These submissions show the real human impact of that failure. The Turnbull government has refused to own up and tell the truth about its robo-debt system, hopefully this inquiry will get to the bottom of how they got it so disastrously wrong."
Greens senator Rachel Siewert told HuffPost Australia the inquiry would work to protect people who give evidence from any repercussions for speaking out, after the well-publicised case of the DHS giving personal information about a client to a journalist.
"We're going to be hearing a lot of people's personal accounts. I know for a fact, I got a call today from one person, that people are nervous about appearing, because of what Centrelink have done in the past with people's personal details," Siewert said.
"We're very conscious of the fact. We've got advice about protection of witnesses and we will do everything we can to make sure people are treated appropriately."
The inquiry will submit its final report in June.
"These mistakes have left me with no confidence in the whole system," one client wrote.
Click below to follow HuffPost Australia Politics on Facebook!
ALSO ON HUFFPOST AUSTRALIA
Want some juicy scoop?
Come a little closer, even closer, okay okay not that close.
Now, remember this scoop needs to stay between us, got it?
BlindGossip.com is reporting that a Real Housewife who's been a part of the franchise for more than one season and spends a lot of time a lot of flaunting their relationships with men may not be into men after all.
“It's an act.  They are not interested in men at all. However, to be on Real Housewives, they had to be willing to talk about their men and other people's men and creates drama around it, so they play the game. Not sure if Andy Cohen knows this. They will never get fake-married like some people, but they will do fake-dating. They actually have a very nice girlfriend named [redacted] who, of course, will never be on the show,” Blind Gossip sources allege.
Hmmm….this is very, very juicy.
I wonder which Real Housewife this could be. Honestly, one Housewife, in particular, popped in my head when I read this.
Who do you think this blind item could be referring to? Have you ever suspected a Real Housewife might be gay? Are you surprised a Real Housewife would fake-date men for TV? Sound off below!
Follow AllAboutTRH On Instagram.
Follow AllAboutTRH On Twitter.
Like AllAboutTRH On Facebook.
Follow the AllAboutTRH Podcast on iTunes & Soundcloud – Remember to Rate, Comment & Subscribe!
I will try to find why IOC might not be good for from my perspective.
As with everything else, IOC container (or as Einstein would put it I=OC^2) is a concept you have to decide for yourself if you need it or not in your code. Recent fashion outcry about IOC is only that, fashion. Don't fall for fashion, that is first. There are myriads of concepts out there you could implement in your code. First of all, I am using dependency injection since I have started programming, and learned the term itself when it was popularized under that name. Dependency control is a very old subject and it was addressed so far in trillions of ways, depending on what was decoupling from what. Decoupling everything from everything is a nonsense. The problem with IOC container is that it tries to be as useful as Entity Framework or NHibernate. While writing an object-relational mapper is simply a must as soon as you have to couple any database with your system, IOC container is not always necessary. So when IOC container is useful:
When you have a situation with many dependencies you want to organize When you do not care about coupling your code with third-party product When your developers want to learn how to work with a new tool
1: It is not that often that you have so many dependencies in your code, or that you are aware of them early in design. Abstract thinking is useful when abstract thinking is due.
2: Coupling your code with third-party code is a HuGe problem. I was working with code that is 10+ years old and that was following at that time fancy and advanced concepts ATL, COM, COM+ and so on. There is nothing you can do with that code now. What I am saying is that an advanced concept gives an apparent advantage, yet this is cancelled on long run with the outdated advantage itself. It just had made all of it more expensive.
3: Software development is hard enough. You can extend it to unrecognizable levels if you allow some advanced concept to crop into your code. There is a problem with IOC2. Although it is decoupling dependencies, it is decoupling the logic flow as well. Imagine you have found a bug and you need to set a break to examine the situation. IOC2, as any other advanced concept, is making that more difficult. Fixing a bug within a concept is more difficult than fixing a bug in a plainer code, because when you fix a bug a concept must be obeyed again. (Just to give you an example, C++ .NET is constantly changing the syntax so much that you need to think hard before you refactor some older version of .NET.) So what is the problem with IOC? The problem is in resolving dependencies. The logic for resolving is commonly hidden in the IOC2 itself, written maybe in uncommon way that you need to learn and maintain. Will your third-party product be there in 5 years? Microsoft's was not.
"We know how" syndrome is written all over the place regarding IOC2. This is similar to automation testing. Fancy term and perfect solution at first glance, you simply put all your tests to execute over night and see the results in the morning. It is really painful to explain company after company what automated testing really means. Automated testing is definitely not a quick way of reducing the number of bugs which you can introduce overnight to increase the quality of your product. But, fashion is making that notion annoyingly dominant. IOC2 suffers the same syndrome. It is believed that you need to implement it in order your software to be good. EvErY recent interview I was asked if I am implementing IOC2 and automation. That is a sign of fashion: the company had some part of code written in MFC they will not abandon.
You need to learn IOC2 as any other concept in software. The decision if IOC2 needs to be used is within the team and the company. However, at least ALL above arguments must be mentioned before the decision is made. Only if you see that plus side outweighs negative side, you can make a positive decision.
There is nothing wrong with IOC2 except that it does solve only the problems it solves and introduces the problems it introduces. Nothing else. However, going against the fashion is very difficult, they have sweat mouth, the followers of anything. It is strange how none of them is there when the problem with their fanciness becomes apparent. Many concepts in software industry have been defended because they create profit, books are written, conferences held, new products made. That is fashion, usually short lived. As soon as people find something else they abandon it completely. IOC2 is useful but it shows the same signs as many other vanished concepts I have seen. I do not know if it will survive. There is no rule for that. You think if it is useful, it will survive. No, it does not go that way. One big rich company is enough and the concept can die within few weeks. We'll see. NHibernate survived, EF came second. Maybe IOC2 will survive too. Do not forget that most concepts in software development are about nothing special, they are very logical, simple and obvious, and sometimes it is more difficult to remember the current naming convention than to understand the concept itself. Does the knowledge of IOC2 make a developer a better developer? No, because if a developer was not able to come up with a concept similar in nature to IOC2 then it will be difficult for them or them to understand which problem IOC2 is solving, using it will look artificial and they or they may start using it for sake of being some sort of politically correct.
The BBC has been challenged to justify remarks by Andrew Marr after they were accused of expressing personal opinions about Scotland's right to join the EU in an interview with Alex Salmond.
The first minister clashed with Marr after the BBC presenter said: "I think it will be quite hard to get back in, I have to say," on their Sunday morning programme, leading to a surge of complaints on social media about BBC bias.
As Marr sought to clarify their remarks, saying they were reflecting statements from José Manuel Barroso on an independent Scotland's EU membership prospects on their show last month, Salmond asked whether the broadcaster was talking for himself.
Asking Marr to "hold on a minute", an increasingly irritated Salmond asked: "Is that an individual expression or is that an expression of the BBC?"
Marr replied: "No it's not. I've got no views on this, nor does the BBC."
As the two spoke over each other, made worse by a delay on the line, Salmond retorted: "I mistook you there. I thought you were giving your opinion as opposed to President Barroso's opinion."
The Scottish National party's Westminster culture spokesperson, Pete Wishart, went on to Twitter to say "there would be consequences" following Marr's interjection, branding the exchange the worst BBC interview on the independence debate. The party has asked the corporation to explain what Marr meant.
But, in a mark of the high degree of political sensitivity around the issue of EU membership, Salmond has stopped short of making a formal complaint, despite long-standing grievances about BBC coverage. Their spokesperson said they were not lodging an official protest.
They said: "The first minister enjoyed the Andrew Marr programme and was able to correct the comments on air, and isn't minded to complain about it." The BBC, they added later, needed to explain its general approach to the referendum.
The convener of the Scottish parliament's culture committee, Stewart Maxwell, said Marr had previously failed to challenge Barroso's comparison between Scotland's status in the EU with Kosovo's repeated difficulties with its membership application. Maxwell said: "Now a presenter offers what appears to be a personal view on an independent Scotland's EU membership. The comments from Andrew Marr appear to be outside the BBC's editorial guidelines, and no amount of backtracking can change that."
Last month Barroso told Marr in an interview on their programme that they thought it would be "extremely difficult, if not impossible" for an independent Scotland to join the EU because of the likely opposition of some existing member states, like Spain.
Asked about this, Salmond said that they were "quite interested" to see that French parliamentarians claimed recently that Barroso was "being influenced by their potential future candidacy for the secretary general of Nato and was sucking up to London in order to advance that process".
Salmond said that they had "no idea" if that allegation was true.
The BBC responded: "Andrew themselves made it clear on air that they had not been intending to express a personal opinion or that of the BBC, but was simply putting forward an argument from President Barroso who, as European commission president, has an integral insight within the debate.
"The BBC's coverage of the Scottish referendum debate has been fair and balanced and we will continue to report on the story without fear or favour."
In their day job, Jacob Carlborg is a Ruby backend developer for Derivco Sweden, but he's been using D on their own time since 2006.  They are the maintainer of numerous open source projects, including DStep, a utility that generates D bindings from C and Objective-C headers, DWT, a port of the Java GUI library SWT, and the topic of this post, DVM. They implemented native Thread Local Storage support for DMD on OS X and contributed, along with Michel Fortin, to the integration of Objective-C in D.
D Version Manager (DVM), is a cross-platform tool that allows you to easily download, install and manage multiple D compiler versions. With DVM, you can select a specific version of the compiler to use without having to manually modify the PATH environment variable. A selected compiler is unique in each shell session, and it's possible to configure a default compiler.
The main advantage of DVM is the easy downloading and installation of different compiler versions. Specify the version of the compiler you would like to install, e.g. dvm install 2.071.1 , and it will automatically download and install that version. Then you can tell DVM to use that version by executing dvm use 2.071.1 . After that, you can invoke the compiler as usual with dmd . The selected compiler version will persist until the end of the shell session.
DVM makes it possible for the user to select a specific compiler version without having to modify any makefiles or build scripts. It's enough for any build script to refer to the compiler by name, i.e. dmd , as long as the user selects the compiler version with DVM before invoking the script.
History
DVM was created in the beginning of 2011. That was a different time for D. No proper installers existed, D1 was still a viable option, and each new release of DMD brought with it a number of regressions. Because of all the regressions, it was basically impossible to always use the latest compiler, and often even older compilers, for all of your projects. Taking into consideration projects from other developers, some were written in D1 and some in D2, making it inconvenient to have only one compiler version installed.
It was for these reasons I created DVM. Being able to have different versions of the compiler active in different shell sessions makes it easy to work on different projects requiring different versions of the compiler. For example, it was possible to open one tab for a D1 compiler and another for a D2 compiler.
The concept of DVM comes directly from the Ruby tool RVM. Where DVM installs D compilers, RVM installs Ruby interpreters. RVM can do everything DVM can do and a lot more. One of the major things I did not want to copy from RVM is that it's completely written in shell script (bash). I wanted DVM to be written in D. Because it's written in shell script, RVM enables some really useful features that DVM does not support, but some of them are questionable (some might call them hacks). For example, when navigating to an RVM-enabled project, RVM will automatically select the correct Ruby interpreter. However, it accomplishes this by overriding the built-in cd command. When the command is invoked, RVM will look in the target directory for one of the files .rvmrc or .ruby-version. If either is present, it will read that file to determine which Ruby interpreter to select.
Implementation and Usage
One of the goals of DVM was that it should be implemented in D. In the end, it was mostly written in D with a few bits of shell script. Note that the following implementation details are specific to the platforms that fall under D's Posix umbrella, i.e. version(Posix) , but DVM is certainly available for Windows with the same functionality.
Structure of the DVM Installation
Before DVM can be used, it needs to install itself. This is accomplished with the command, dvm install dvm . This will create the ~/.dvm directory. It contains the following subdirectories: archives, bin, compilers, env and scripts.
archives contains a cache of downloaded zip archives of D compilers.
bin contains shell scripts, acting as symbolic links, to all installed D compilers. The name of each contains the version of the compiler, e.g. dmd-2.071.1, making it possible to invoke a specific compiler without first having to invoke the use command. This directory also contains one shell script, dvm-current-dc, pointing to the currently active D compiler. This allows the currently active D compiler to be invoked without knowing which version has been set. This can be useful for executing the compiler from within an editor or IDE, for example. A shell script for the default compiler exists as well. Finally, this directory also contains the binary dvm itself.
The compilers directory contains all installed compilers. All of the downloaded compilers are unpacked here. Due to the varying quality of the D compiler archives throughout the years, the installation command will also make a few adjustments if necessary. In the old days, there was only one archive for all platforms. This command will only include binaries and libraries for the current platform. Another adjustment is to make sure all executables have the executable permission set.
The env directory contains helper shell scripts for the use command. There's one script for each installed compiler and one for the default selected compiler.
The scripts directory currently only contains one file, dvm. It's a shell script which wraps the dvm binary in the bin directory. The purpose of this wrapper is to aid the use command.
The use Command
The most interesting part of the implementation is the use command, which selects a specific compiler, e.g. dvm use 2.071.1 . The selection of a compiler will persist for the duration of the shell session (window, tab, script file).
The command works by prepending the path of the specified compiler to the PATH environment variable. This can be ~/.dvm/compilers/dmd-2.071.1/{platform}/bin for example, where {platform} is the currently running platform. By prepending the path to the environment variable, it guarantees the selected compiler takes precedence over any other possible compilers in the PATH. The reason the {platform} section of the path exists is related to the structure of the downloaded archive. Keeping this structure avoids having to modify the compiler's configuration file, dmd.conf.
The interesting part here is that it's not possible to modify the environment variables of the parent process, which in this case is the shell. The magic behind the use command is that the dvm command that you're actually invoking is not the D binary; it's the shell script in the ~/.dvm/scripts path. This shell script contains a function called dvm . This can be verified by invoking type dvm | head -n 1 , which should print dvm is a function if everything is installed correctly.
The installation of DVM adds a line to the shell initialization file, .bashrc, .bash_profile or similar. This line will load/source the DVM shell script in the ~/.dvm/scripts path which will make the dvm command available. When the dvm function is invoked, it will forward the call to the dvm binary located in ~/.dvm/bin/dvm. The dvm binary contains all of the command logic. When the use command is invoked, the dvm binary will write a new file to ~/.dvm/tmp/result and exit. This file contains a command for loading/sourcing the environment file available in ~/.dvm/env that corresponds to the version that was specified when the use command was invoked. After the dvm binary has exited, the shell script function takes over again and loads/sources the result file if it exists. Since the shell script is loaded/sourced instead of executed, the code will be evaluated in the current shell instead of a sub-shell. This is what makes it possible to modify the PATH environment variable. After the result file is loaded/sourced, it's removed.
If you find yourself with the need to build your D project(s) with multiple compiler versions, such as the current release of DMD, one or more previous releases, and/or the latest beta, then DVM will allow you to do so in a hassle-free manner. Pull up a shell, execute use on the version you want, and away you go.
Share this: Tweet
Hillary Clinton said in an interview Monday that they will continue to steer clear of using the term “radical Islam.”
“To me, radical jihadism, radical Islamism, I think they mean the same thing,” Clinton told Savannah Guthrie on NBC's “Today” show, in response to Donald Trump's criticism of both them and President Obama for avoiding the phrase.
The interview took place just a day after Orlando shooter Omar Saddiqui Mateen called 911 during the worst mass shooting in United States history and pledged allegiance to the leader of ISIS.
Also Read: John Oliver on Orlando Shooting: 'This Pain Is So Familiar' (Video)
“I'm not going to demonize, and demagogue, and declare war on an entire religion, that's just plain dangerous and plays into ISIS' hand,” Clinton said.
Trump has been critical of Democrats who don't use the term “radical Islam” for quite some time, tweeting about it as Obama prepared to address the nation on Sunday on the heels of the Orlando shooting.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If they don't they should immediately resign in disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016
“I think Trump, as usual, is obsessed with name calling. And from my perspective, it matters what we do not what we say,” Clinton said. “It matters that we got Bin Laden, not what name we called him. If they [Trump] is somehow suggesting I don't call this what it is, they haven't been listening.”
Watch the video below.
Follow me on Twitter @14AdotWalsh for shitty jokes, DFS advice & retweets from beat writers
TODAY'S PODCAST
Detroit Pistons @ Atlanta Hawks (-3.5, ML: -155) – O/U: 201.5
————-Pace> DET: 27th – ATL: 8th
OFF Efficiency> DET: 21st – ATL: 23rd
DEF Efficiency> DET: 10th – ATL: 6th
DET :
-Reggie Bullock (out)
The one guy above all that I'm interested in is Tobias Harris. Since making the move to the bench, he's been taking any shot that they want and that's resulted in three straight 30+ FDP performances. $6000 on both sites is a little more than I want to pay for a bench player, but we have seen stretch fours take the Hawks to school all season long.
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope is very interesting here as well. We have seen shooting guards tee off on the Hawks lately, so let's play a game of follow the leader.
ATL :
-Tiago Splitter, Ryan Kelly (out)
While Dwight Howard and Andre Drummond are wasting energy on each other in the paint, this could be a perfect opportunity for Paul Millsap to veer away and do their thing. Unfortunately, there are cheaper power forwards that can produce just as well as they can.
Milwaukee Bucks @ Minnesota Timberwolves (PK) – O/U: 209
————-Pace> MIL: 19th – MIN: 22nd
OFF Efficiency> MIL: 10th – MIN: 11th
DEF Efficiency> MIL: 8th – MIN: 26th
MIL :
-Matthew Dellavedova (out)
-Rashad Vaughn (questionable)
Absolutely love this outlook for Giannis Antetokounmpo and Jabari Parker tonight. The T-Wolves' struggles on defense have been well documented and these two can certainly expose all of their faults. Wiggins and LaVine are among some of the worst defenders in this league; I'm not sure who will draw The Greek assignment, but I don't envy them one bit. Parker will be matched up against Dieng or KAT, and neither guy has the mobility to keep up with them around the perimeter.
Greg Monroe has finally been let out of Jason Kidd's doghouse. He's put up 33 FDP in two of their last three games but, as is always the case, that J-Kidd doghouse is a very mysterious place.
Matthew Dellavedova is going to miss tonight's game and that'll open up more minutes for Malcolm Brogdon. Typically, he's been excelling with the second unit so it'll be interesting to see what they do with this golden opportunity. Brogdon has shown 32 FDP upside recently and they could be a nice pivot off of McConnell from Philly.
MIN :
Karl-Anthony Towns and Gorgui Dieng both have fantastic matchups in this one. We have been able to pick on the Bucks frontcourt for a while now, so why not do it one more time before 2016 is over? KAT will likely be the more coveted player in this scenario, but Dieng has a decent floor when he's on their game. Jabari will have a difficult time dealing with Dieng down low.
I don't mind Zach LaVine or Andrew Wiggins in this spot, but I'd obviously rather have the one that The Greek isn't defending. If you can figure that out…congrats! Ricky Rubio works in this spot too, since pain in the ass Dellavedova is out tonight.
New York Knicks @ New Orleans Pelicans (-2, ML: -135) – O/U: 212
————-Pace> NYK: 12th – NO: 11th
OFF Efficiency> NYK: 16th – NO: 25th
DEF Efficiency> NYK: 24th – NO: 14th
NYK :
-Courtney Lee (questionable- missed last game)
My favorite targets from the Knicks will be Carmelo Anthony and Derrick Rose. I guess Kristaps Porzingis could work too, but I worry about them getting into foul trouble against AD. Melo and Rose have the primo matchups in this game and I'll let it ride with them.
A lot of people may go to Joakim Noah after some solid performances in three of their last four games. I'm not hating on the guy, but he's just someone that I never go to. I may end up regretting this.
If Courtney Lee doesn't play, then Justin Holiday could be a solid value play.
NO :
I really like the combination of Anthony Davis and Jrue Holiday tonight. Bigs have been incredibly profitable all season against the Knicks and I feel like AD's $10,700 DK/$11,100 FD price tag isn't that outrageous for the type of ceiling that they can hit. Holiday is more risky, due to the fact that there is a crowded backcourt on the Pelicans roster. However, point guards have been doing some serious damage against the Knicks lately and Holiday is itching for a breakout performance…especially since their brother is on the other sideline tonight.
Los Angeles Clippers @ Houston Rockets (-10.5, ML: -625) – O/U: 217.5
————-Pace> LAC: 17th – HOU: 5th
OFF Efficiency> LAC: 6th – HOU: 3rd
DEF Efficiency> LAC: 5th – HOU: 18th
LAC :
-Chris Paul, Blake Griffin, Brice Johnson (out)
-JJ Redick (questionable)
CP3 is out tonight and that'll open up tons of value for the Clippers. Most people will run to Austin Rivers and Raymond Felton, but don't forget about Jamal Crawford and JJ Redick…and that massive DeAndre Jordan fella. It's typically Crawford that sees the higher usage rate, more shots, etc. so he's the one that I would place the most emphasis on.
HOU :
-Clint Capela (out)
Well, with CP3 in street clothes, James Harden doesn't have such a bad outlook tonight. Historically, the Clippers have made Harden work for every single statistic they get. This Clippers team is much more porous with CP3 out of the lineup so you can definitely feel comfortable paying up for The Beard.
Eric Gordon, Patrick Beverley, Ryan Anderson and Trevor Ariza all get a boost here as well. Gordon and Beverley are the preferred plays for me, mainly because of their consistency. Anderson and Ariza both have solid upside every now and again, but it's just too volatile for me to predict.
Portland Trail Blazers @ San Antonio Spurs (-12, ML: -1100) – O/U: 206
————-Pace> POR: 9th – SA: 26th
OFF Efficiency> POR: 7th – SA: 5th
DEF Efficiency> POR: 30th – SA: 3rd
POR :
-Damian Lillard (doubtful)
The Blazers have had to tread water these last two games with Lillard in street clothes, but things will get a lot tougher tonight against one of the NBA's elite. CJ McCollum, Evan Turner and Allen Crabbe see the biggest boost when Lillard is off the court, so those would be the guys that I look to. However, I'm not sure that I want to test that theory against the NBA's third-best defense.
We have seen centers do some decent damage against the Spurs before, so maybe Mason Plumlee can sneak up on everyone as a deeeep sleeper.
SA :
-Kawhi Leonard (out)
With Kawhi out for the second straight game, you can expect LaMarcus Aldridge and Pau Gasol to get most of the looks. Portland's league-worst defensive efficiency makes this an extremely juicy play that most people probably won't overlook. I don't mind, though. You can't overlook a great matchup.
The Spurs will be looking for more scoring than just those two. I'm curious to see if Tony Parker, Patty Mills or Danny Green get some extra looks in this scenario. I'm not banking on it, but it's something to monitor.
Philadelphia 76ers @ Denver Nuggets (-11, ML: -650) – O/U: 211.5
————-Pace> PHI: 13th – DEN: 7th
OFF Efficiency> PHI: 30th – DEN: 14th
DEF Efficiency> PHI: 20th – DEN: 27th
PHI :
-Gerald Henderson, Sergio Rodriguez, Richaun Holmes (out)
The big value play of the day will likely be TJ McConnell, and for good reason. He's made the most of similar opportunities in the past and a matchup with the Nuggets (who are incredibly generous to opposing PGs), all the minutes they can handle and a feature role in the offense make this a match made in heaven. Nik Stauskas will also see a ton of minutes tonight with all of the injuries to the Sixers backcourt and handle some makeshift backup point guard duties as well. Robert Covington and Hollis Thompson could see extra minutes at the two.
Trying to get a handle of the Sixers big men lately has been a tricky endeavor. Joel Embiid is back from a night of rest, so he'll handle the lion's share of minutes at the five. They are trying to work Nerlens Noel into the rotation, while ruining Jahlil Okafor's game by playing with Embiid. Then you also have Ersan Ilyasova and Dario Saric playing well, scratching and clawing for minutes. Not exactly an ideal situation.
DEN :
The Nuggets also have a ton of guys running through their rotation…this should be fun.
The most popular guy will be Nikola Jokic, whose price is increasing on a daily basis…but that's what happens when you 40+ FDP in back-to-back games. The Sixers have been extremely vulnerable in the paint this season, but they do have five guys to waste all the fouls they want on them tonight. Could be something interesting to keep in mind…
After Jokic, it's basically a bunch of calculated dart throws against this porous Sixers defense. Danilo Gallinari, Will Barton, Gary Harris, Emmanuel Mudiay and Wilson Chandler are all capable of putting up some big numbers tonight; the problem is that they could all cap off each other's massive ceilings.
Dallas Mavericks @ Golden State Warriors (-18, ML: -8000) – O/U: 212
————-Pace> DAL: 30th – GS: 3rd
OFF Efficiency> DAL: 26th – GS: 2nd
DEF Efficiency> DAL: 23rd – GS: 2nd
DAL :
-Andrew Bogut, JJ Barea (out)
We already have word on two Mavs sitting out, but there could certainly be more. The last few times the Mavs have come to Oakland, they basically waved the white flag before heading into the arena, meaning they have sat some or most of their key players. They are on the back-end of a B2B so the likelihood is certainly plausible for tonight's game.
I do think that guys like Harrison Barnes, Seth Curry and Dwight Powell are assured to play a solid number of minutes. Other than that, everything is pretty much up in the air.
GS :
In this order: Kevin Durant, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green, Stephen Curry– those are my favorite Warriors in order. KD and Thompson always seem to be the ones that can still have upside, whether they are blowing the other team out or not.
This could be an opportune time for the Warriors to get some extra minutes to their bench players. However, there is so much value on this slate that I don't think you need to take a massive chance and guess which one it'll be. Andre Iguodala is always a guy that I could say yay or nay to, so maybe they could work if you're playing the late slate.
DFS ARMY VIP MEMBERSHIP
There's never been a better time to get registered as a DFS Army VIP! We just launched the Domination Station and it's already spitting out winning lineups for our members. Our best in breed NFL cheat sheet includes custom DFS Army projections, Values, DVP, Targets, Workloads, Trenches Breakdowns, too much to list. The idea is to give our members the tools they need to compete with the big boys. The last, and possibly the best part of our membership, is our DFS Army Team Slack Forums. All of our pros are fixtures in there answering questions and talking strategy. We all help each other and root one another on during big sweats. We've built a great community and the method works. If you want to check out DFS Army VIP Membership FREE it's simple. Register for one of the DFS Sites below with a new depositing account. I'll hook you up with a free month of DFS Army VIP membership as well as the links to download our DFS Strategy eBooks.
FanDuel – They are running a special where you get five free entries to paid contests when you register a new depositing account via this link
DraftKings – You get a ticket ($20) to the Millionaire Maker contest when you register via our link
FantasyDraft – Get a deposit match of up to $600 when you register via our link
Fantasy Aces – Get their top new player bonus offer
Boom Fantasy – Boom has a completely new take on DFS. Instead of a salary cap, to build a team. They have contests where they throw questions at you during the games. Who will score the next TD? What team? Which QB will throw for the most yards? They issue different point totals based on which player or answer you chose. The game-play is designed for casual players. In my case, as a Bucs fan, it matched me up with an opponent based in Dallas and asked questions based on the Bucs/Cowboys game. I tried it out and it was easy to play. We set up a deal with them where new users via our link, that deposit $50 or more, get a deposit match as well as $10 in Boom Cash which can be used immediately to enter paid contests.
Remember to email Kevin at ffootballgeek@gmail.com to get your eBooks and free month of DFS Army VIP membership when you register a new depositing account via the links above!
Share. “A far-reaching realignment of the company that will enable us to innovate with greater speed, efficiency and capability in a fast changing world.” “A far-reaching realignment of the company that will enable us to innovate with greater speed, efficiency and capability in a fast changing world.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Microsoft has announced a sweeping reorganization that will split it into entirely new groups. As announced in a memo from CEO Steve Ballmer, the change is “a far-reaching realignment of the company that will enable us to innovate with greater speed, efficiency and capability in a fast changing world.”
The company will now be split into a dozen groups including Operating Systems Engineering, Devices and Studios Engineering, Applications and Services Engineering, Cloud and Enterprise Engineering, Dynamics, Advanced Strategy and Research, Marketing, Business Development and Evangelism and more.
The Devices and Studios Engineering group -- which contains “all hardware development and supply chain from the smallest to the largest devices we build” and “experiences including all games, music, video and other entertainment” -- will be run by Julie Larson-Green, former head of Windows products. This role is rumored to have been offered to former head of Microsoft's Interactive Entertainment Business Don Mattrick, who left Microsoft last week. On Twitter, Aaron Greenberg (former Chief of Staff of Microsoft's Interactive Entertainment Business) clarified that they are staying with the team and "will be Chief of Staff for Devices & Studios," reporting to Larson-Green.
Exit Theatre Mode
The Operating Systems Engineering group, which also will "span all our OS work for console, to mobile device, to PC, to back-end systems," will be headed by Terry Myerson, former head of Windows Phone. The Business Development and Evangelism group, which will "focus on key partnerships" including "our broad work on evangelism and developer outreach" will be run by Tony Bates, former head of Skype.
“We are rallying behind a single strategy as one company — not a collection of divisional strategies,” Ballmer wrote. “Although we will deliver multiple devices and services to execute and monetize the strategy, the single core strategy will drive us to set shared goals for everything we do. We will see our product line holistically, not as a set of islands. We will allocate resources and build devices and services that provide compelling, integrated experiences across the many screens in our lives, with maximum return to shareholders. All parts of the company will share and contribute to the success of core offerings, like Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox, Surface, Office 365 and our EA offer, Bing, Skype, Dynamics, Azure and our servers. All parts of the company will contribute to activating high-value experiences for our customers.”
"Improving our performance has three big dimensions: focusing the whole company on a single strategy, improving our capability in all disciplines and engineering/technology areas, and working together with more collaboration and agility around our common goals," they added. "This is a big undertaking. It touches nearly every piece of what we do and how we work. It changes our org structure, the way we collaborate, how we allocate resources, how we best empower our engineers and how we market."
Exit Theatre Mode
In the wake of recent communication problems, Microsoft will also "reshape how we interact with our customers, developers and key innovation partners, delivering a more coherent message and family of product offerings."
"Lots of change. But in all of this, many key things remain the same," Ballmer concluded. "Our incredible people, our spirit, our commitment, our belief in the transformative power of technology — our Microsoft technology — to make the world a better place for billions of people and millions of businesses around the world. It's why I come to work inspired every day. It's why we've evolved before, and why we're evolving now. Because we're not done."
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following @garfep on Twitter or garfep on IGN.
A Pennsylvania town has been roiled by a local high school using cameras in school-issued laptops to spy on students. Almost as shocking is the fact that the federal wiretap law that should prohibit this kind of surveillance does not cover spying done through photography and video in private settings.
Senator Arlen Specter, a Democrat of Pennsylvania, is proposing to amend the federal wiretap statute to prohibit visual spying that is not approved by a court in advance. Congress should move quickly to make this change.
Lower Merion, outside of Philadelphia, gave students at Harriton High School laptops that they could take home to use to do their work. It did not tell the students, however, that the laptops were equipped with special software that allowed them to observe the students through the computers' built-in cameras. The purpose, the school district later explained, was to protect the laptops from theft or damage.
Using this surveillance capability, school officials found images that led them to believe that Blake Robbins, a 15-year-old student, was using illegal drugs. Mr. Robbins said the “pills” they were seen consuming were Mike and Ike candies. Their parents filed a lawsuit against the school district, charging that it had illegally spied on their son.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Conducting video surveillance of students in their homes is an enormous invasion of their privacy. If the district was really worried about losing the laptops, it could have used GPS devices to track their whereabouts or other less-intrusive methods. Whatever it did, the school had a responsibility to inform students that if they accepted the laptops, they would also accept monitoring.
The law should also do more. The Wiretap Act prohibits electronic eavesdropping on conversations and intercepting transmitted communications, such as e-mail. It does not cover visual surveillance. That was a mistake when parts of the law were passed in 1986, but it is an even bigger problem today, with the ubiquity of cellphone cameras, and online video services.
Más de una vez they fantaseado sobre la forma en la que me pedirían matrimonio, sobre si será algo íntimo y a sola, o si de lo contrario será algo original que me sorprenderá y me dejará completamente descolocada y nunca they conseguido decidir cual de las dos me gustaría más, pero lo que si se es que ésta me parece una forma realmente especial de hacerlo.Que novia más afortunada!!
(Lloraré seguro :P)
................................................
More than a couple of times I've thougth about how my proposal will be,about it being something intimate, only the two of us or at the contrary being something original that surprises me and gives me a shock, and I've never decided wich one I'd prefeer but what I really know is that this seems like a really really lovely form to make it. What a fortunate bride!!
(I will cry for sure :P)
Whither interest rates?
Ultimately, that's the known unknown confounding Wall Street as Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer prepares to leave next month and speculation continues about whether Chair Janet Yellen will be reappointed by President Donald Trump when their term expires in February.
Once Fischer leaves, the seven-member board of governors that runs the U.S. central bank will have just three members, including Yellen, unless a Trump appointee is confirmed. That means the monetary policy committee, which includes all the governors, will be down to just eight members, the majority of whom will be presidents of the Fed's regional banks.
Fischer's exit alone "shifts the balance of power from the Fed governors to the regional Fed presidents," explained Ryan Sweet, director of real-time economics at Moody's Analytics. "The other implication," they said, is that in 2018, "the only certainty for monetary policy is uncertainty, for now."
The central bank is likely to move ahead this month with plans to start paring a balance sheet that swelled to $4.5 trillion as the government worked to ease the impact of the 2008 financial crisis, and a December hike that would take interest rates to 1.25% to 1.5% remains on the table, Sweet said in a telephone interview.
But afterward? "It's very, very uncertain what the path of monetary policy is going to be," they said.
The vacancies give Trump a chance to pack the Fed's board with members who will support their policies, but it's an opportunity they have been slow to exploit so far, nominating only one governor, Randy Quarles, who would also serve as vice chair for banking supervision if confirmed by the Senate this month.
Fischer's exit "ensures the President can quickly gain control over the central bank," Jaret Seiberg of Cowen Washington Research Group said in a note to clients.
That bodes well for easing some of the post-crisis bank regulations that Trump has argued went too far and have hindered economic growth -- and might benefit companies from JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) to Citigroup Inc. (C)
But their safest pick for keeping interest rates low would probably be Yellen, as Trump themselves has noted, and they would be less likely to support the degree of deregulation that the real estate mogul wants.
"It seems like the Trump administration would like people on the Fed who are in favor of bank deregulation but also in favor of keeping rates low and policy accommodative," Michelle Meyer, U.S. economist with Bank of America Corp. (BAC) , said in a telephone interview. "It's very hard to find somebody who is pro-deregulation but also a dove."
Outgoing Fed vice chairperson Stanley Fischer.
Fischer's resignation follows the departure earlier this year of Governor Daniel Tarullo, who had led regulatory efforts during the Obama administration but was never formally appointed as vice chair for supervision.
"It has been a great privilege to serve on the Federal Reserve Board and, most especially, to work alongside Chair Yellen," the 73-year-old said in their resignation letter. "Informed by the lessons of the recent financial crisis, we have built upon earlier steps to make the financial system stronger and more resilient."
A former vice chairperson of Citigroup and governor of the Bank of Israel, Fischer previously worked at the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. They earned a master's degree from the London School of Economics and a doctorate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where they were a professor for 22 years and is credited with teaching both former Fed chair Ben Bernanke and European Central Bank President Mario Draghi.
"He was the godfather of central banking," Brett Ryan, a Deutsche Bank AG (DB) economist, said in a telephone interview. "From that standpoint, the board is losing a force who's been in the policy arena for decades."
Fischer's term as vice chairperson would have ended on June 12 and their tenure on the board of governors was to expire in January 2020.
"Stan's keen insights, grounded in a lifetime of exemplary scholarship and public service, contributed invaluably to our monetary policy deliberations," Yellen said in a statement. "I'm personally grateful for their friendship and their service. We will miss their wise counsel, good humor, and dry wit."
As for Yellen herself, they have committed to remaining as chair through the end of their term in February but declined to speculate on whether they would stay after that. When Congress pressed them in July on whether they would remain if Trump asked her, Yellen said only that they would talk with the president on the matter.
"The problem for them from the point of view of reappointment would be that they want small reforms, not major changes, to regulation, and that clearly doesn't match up with what the Trump administration is trying to do," Ethan Harris, the head of global economics at Bank of America, said in late August.
Indeed, Yellen told an audience at the annual Jackson Hole, Wyo., economic symposium that regulatory changes made in the wake of the 2008 crisis have kept the U.S. financial system safer and that any alterations should be moderate.
The statement appeared to place them at odds with the president, though another contender for the role, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. executive Gary Cohn, may have hurt their own chances by criticizing Trump's response to violence by white nationalists at a Charlottesville, Va., rally that left one person dead.
A staunch advocate of the Federal Reserve's independence from politics, the 71-year-old Yellen has also expressed no particular loyalty to Trump, who famously fired FBI Director James Comey after they failed to do so.
The bottom line, Meyer said, is that uncertainty about leadership at the Federal Reserve next year is now even higher. Had Fischer stayed through the end of their term as vice chair, that would have provided some consistency even if Yellen weren't reappointed.
After their resignation, they said, "we could be sitting in early next year without two of the top members of the Federal Reserve."
In the meantime, Fischer's departure adds an extra degree of uncertainty about the 25 basis-point hike in December, which would be the third this year and was already a topic of widespread speculation.
Fischer was a "slightly hawkish voice" on monetary policy, Deutsche Bank's Ryan said, so "Yellen may be losing an ally" in the debate over whether lackluster inflation should prompt the central bank to slow the pace of rate increases.
Citigroup is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stock? Learn more now.
More of What's Trending on TheStreet:
An officer could ask for a drug-sniffing dog to come by and search the piñata without breaking it, even if you aren't being detained for something drug-related. If the dog reacts, the officer would have probable cause to search the inside of the piñata. Smash time.
If the officer arrests you for a drug-related offense, or otherwise has probable cause to search your belongings, your piñata is as good as gone. Piñatas have been used before to transport drugs, so it's within the officer's rights to seize it (as it is potential evidence). Hell, if you get arrested for anything, the police get to "inventory" your property (so you get it all back when you leave), but they also get a "free" search out of it.
If you're about to destroy the piñata yourself, an officer could seize it, citing the imminent destruction of evidence as exigent circumstances.
Officer safety has always been paramount to the courts, so if an officer thinks a weapon is in the piñata (if this starts becoming a popular way to carry guns, for example), they might be allowed to search it. Not likely.
Arrested for something else? Your belongings could become part of a forfeiture, basically saying that the property's existence is illegal because it is an ill-gotten gain. Crazy stuff can be forfeited, including the car itself, as it too was an instrument to the crime. (Civil forfeitures get the best case names, BTW, since the government is suing the property directly: United States of America v. $124,700 in U.S. Currency , United States v. Approximately 64,695 Pounds of Shark Fins , etc.)
, , etc.) Probably a dozen other novel legal devices to get your property
You can always assert your rights and say you don't consent to any searches. There are some buts, though:States may impose more limits on what searches are constitutional—this is written only from the perspective of the federal Constitution.What's cool (and frustrating to others, I imagine) about this is that these rules are constantly changing based on courts' rulings. For example,anddeal with two of the bullet points in this answer (search incident to arrest and exigent circumstances, respectively).The blindfold condition is still pending before the courts, though.
Nothing has been found among objects seen from the air or recovered by searchers that could be linked to MH370 Greg Wood/AFP/Getty Images
Britain, the United States and Australia will press for a leading role in the investigation into the missing flight MH370 amid concerns that Malaysia is not capable of conducting the investigation alone.
Representatives from the three countries are asking Malaysia to agree that wreckage recovered from the lost Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200ER aircraft be examined in Australia and that, if the aircraft's vital flight data recorders are recovered, their contents be downloaded and analysed in Australia with help from Britain and the US.
Officials travelled to Kuala Lumpur, the Malaysian capital, at the weekend to put the Australian Government's view. The combined pressure reflects deep concern that Malaysia is likely to be incapable of conducting an internationally credible investigation.
Australia is assuming an increasing role…
Image copyright EPA Image caption Alexander Van der Bellen (l) beat Norbert Hofer (r) by only 30,863 votes in the election
Austria's highest court has annulled the result of the presidential election narrowly lost by the candidate of the far-right Freedom Party.
The party had challenged the result, saying that postal votes had been illegally and improperly handled.
The Freedom Party candidate, Norbert Hofer, lost the election to the former leader of the Greens, Alexander Van der Bellen, by just 30,863 votes or fewer than one percentage point.
The election will now be re-run.
Announcing the decision, Gerhard Holzinger, head of the Constitutional Court, said: "The challenge brought by Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache against the 22 May election... has been upheld."
They added: "The decision I am announcing today has no winner and no loser, it has only one aim: to strengthen trust in the rule of law and democracy."
Will Brexit matter, asks Bethany Bell, BBC News, Vienna
Austria's politics have been thrown into confusion. One of the most controversial and polarising presidential elections in recent history will have to be re-run.
This is a moral victory for the far-right, anti-immigrant and Eurosceptic Freedom Party, which launched the legal challenge last month after alleging "terrifying" irregularities.
The Freedom Party is hoping that the decision by the court will help its candidate Norbert Hofer win in the new election this autumn.
Hanging over the vote is the shadow of "Brexit" - the UK's decision to leave the EU.
Will Mr Hofer choose to make Austria's future membership of the EU a campaign issue?
Some Austrians think the vote by the United Kingdom to leave the EU could boost populist and nationalist sentiment in Austria. Others believe the political turbulence in Britain may make people more cautious about Eurosceptic parties.
Mr Hofer said on Friday they were pleased that the court had taken "a difficult decision", adding: "I have great trust in the rule of law."
Mr Van der Bellen said they were "very confident" they would emerge the winner.
"Austria needs to be well represented in Europe and the world. If we can do it once, we can do it again," they told reporters.
Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern said the court ruling showed that the country's democracy was strong and they called for "a short campaign, a campaign without emotions".
'Rules broken'
In two weeks of hearings, lawyers for the Freedom Party argued that postal ballots were illegally handled in 94 out of 117 districts.
It alleged that thousands of votes were opened earlier than permitted under election rules and some were counted by people unauthorised to do so.
The party also claimed to have evidence that some under-16s and foreigners had been allowed to vote.
In its ruling, the court said election rules had been broken in a way that could have influenced the result.
But it said there was no proof the count had been manipulated.
Image caption The decision was announced by the Constitutional Court
If elected, Mr Hofer would become the first far-right head of state of an EU country.
Their party has based its election campaigns around concern over immigration and falling living standards for the less well-off.
After Britain voted to leave the EU, Mr Hofer said they favoured holding a similar referendum in Austria if the bloc failed to stop centralisation and carry out reforms "within a year".
Last Sunday, they told the Oesterreich newspaper (in German): "If [the EU] evolves in the wrong direction, then in my opinion the time has come to ask the Austrians if they still want to be part of it."
Their opponent, Mr Van der Bellen, is strongly pro-EU and has spoken of their dream for a border-free "United States of Europe".
The two men went forward to a run-off when, for the first time since World War Two, both the main centrist parties were knocked out in the first round of voting.
Following the court's order to re-run the vote, President Heinz Fischer will be replaced on a temporary basis by three parliamentary officials, including Mr Hofer.
The new election is expected to be held in September or October.
What powers does the Austrian president have?
It is a mostly ceremonial post. But the president does have the power to dissolve the National Council - the more powerful lower house of parliament. That triggers a general election.
The president can only do that once for a particular reason - they cannot use the same grounds to dissolve it again.
It is the chancellor's job to appoint government ministers. And the chancellor has the power to dismiss the government. But ministers have to be formally sworn in by the president.
Vying to lead Austria
Norbert Hofer
Image copyright EPA
Age: 45
Background: Aeronautical engineer
Politics: Far-right Freedom Party
Campaign soundbite: "To those in Austria who go to war for the Islamic State or rape women - I say to those people: 'This is not your home'."
Alexander Van der Bellen
Image copyright AFP
Atlanta Falcons will be the target of this year's Hard Knocks. Hard Knocks is the gold standard of football related tv shows, plus it's a reality show so you can sell your old lady on the idea.
5 Storylines To Watch On Atalanta Falcons Hard Knocks
1. Injuries – The 2013 Atlanta Falcons were plagued by a number of issues, but injuries played a key role in their disastrous 4-12 effort. Can the Falcons avoid the injury bug in 2014?
2. No Tony Gonzalez – Tony Gonzalez has retired and moved on. It won't be easy replacing a guy with their Hall Of Fame credentials. Who on the Falcons roster will step up to replace their production and leadership?
3. Who Will Be The Falcons Joker – Whether it's Chad ‘Ocho' Cinco, Wade Philips or Antonio Cromartie trying to remember their kids there is always one character who fills the role of comedic relief.
4. Rookie Hazing And Talent Show – In our anti-bullying society it will be fun to watch how Hard Knocks frames hazing in the contents of just guys being guys. It all comes to a climax at the rookie talent show where gems like this happen.
5. Player Cuts – Always awkward, sad, uncomfortable and often insanely business like, player cuts have become one of my favorite parts of the show. This season in particular I can't wait to watch Mike Smith cut someone, will they use the Joe Philbin “Its not you its me” approach to breaking up with theirs players.
Bonus: Slow Motion Intro – With the ability to make fat guys running, sprinklers and grass growing look cool with the John Wu's film making style of there is never enough slow motion. I can't wait for this years epic Hard Knocks intro!
Ed Miliband has been challenged by a grieving daughter who said Labour's claims to be the party of the National Health Service are “physically repulsive” in the wake of the Mid Staffs scandal.
The Labour leader was told they were in “total denial” about failings in the NHS under their party's governance by a woman who said their mother died “in agony” under a Labour-run hospital.
In emotional exchanges the woman who gave their name as Claire, from Manchester, told Mr Miliband that denial, cover-ups and poor care were “systemic” in the NHS and that their prospective Labour MP hung up the phone when they complained about it.
The exchange, on an LBC Radio phone in, is the first serious clash between a voter and a party leader of this election, coming after weeks of campaigning in which the parties appeared to have carefully avoided unscripted contact with the public.
Mr Miliband regards the NHS as their strongest card against the Tories.
It was reminiscent of the moment in the 2001 election campaign when Tony Blair was harangued outside a hospital by Sharron Storer, 38, who complained there was no bed for their husband, a cancer patient, on the bone marrow unit.
Like Mr Blair, Mr Miliband struggled to get a word in after their party's pride in its record on the NHS was attacked by the caller.
“I think it was systemic,” the caller said. “It was denial, lack of transparency, and that is from my personal experience, watching them die in agony. That is irrespective of all the other scandals that have come out, like the Mid Staffs hospital. I find it physically repulsive when I get documentation coming through my front door about Labour being the party of the NHS. They suffered totally avoidable, agonising suffering.”
Mr Miliband said they were “incredibly sorry” about the case and said there needed to be “systems” to help identify failings.
“We have a plan for the NHS, but that isn't going to help you, and I know it's not going to satisfy you.” They offered to speak to them after the show.
The caller said: “You pride yourself on being the party of the NHS through the ages. Why during your thirteen years did you let the NHS descend to such a level?”
Mr Miliband replied: “Overall, I know this doesn't help you, by common consent the NHS improved, but that doesn't excuse anything."
Secretary of State Kerry speaks at the Marrakech climate conference, November 16, 2016. (Photo: Mark Ralston/Pool/Reuters)
Obama's climate policies, or war on coal, helped change several states from blue to red.
Update: After filing the following report this morning from this year's session of the U.N.'s annual climate meeting, the author went to attend the day's “conference of the parties” as they had been doing all week, only to be arrested by armed U.N. police and detained for trying to gain entry with a blocked pass. Their phone was confiscated and examined, and they were asked whom they had been calling.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Marrakech — Make no mistake. Donald Trump's election is the worst setback to the climate-change negotiations since they began a quarter-century ago with the first meeting of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee, which produced the 1992 U.N. framework convention on climate change. On Tuesday, at this year's climate conference in Marrakech, French president François Hollande threw down the gauntlet to the president-elect, declaring last year's Paris Agreement “irreversible from a legal point of view.” The U.S. must respect the climate commitments it had made, Hollande demanded, whose popularity earlier this year dropped to a record low of 17 percent.
Yesterday, it was the turn of John Kerry. In their last speech as secretary of state to a climate conference, Kerry gave an impassioned performance, making up in authenticity what it lacked in coherence. “No one should doubt that the majority of Americans are determined to keep the commitments we have made,” Kerry declaimed to loud applause. Then why didn't the Obama administration seek congressional approval for the Clean Power Plan and send the Paris Agreement to the Senate for its advice and consent? “The United States is right now on our way to meeting all of the international targets that we've set, and because of the market decisions that are being made, I do not believe that that can or will be reversed.” If so, it shouldn't matter whether the Trump administration annulled the Clean Power Plan.
Advertisement
“No one can stop the new climate economy because the benefits are so enormous,” Kerry continued. Tell that to out-of-work coal miners in Appalachia or to voters in rust-belt states who handed the presidency to Donald Trump. Moments later, the same Kerry was saying that government leadership was “absolutely essential.” Time was running out. Do we have the collective will to save the planet from catastrophe? Kerry asked. “It won't happen without leadership.”
At an emotional level, it was what the participants at the Marrakech conference craved. But the contradiction between the inevitability of wind and solar power sweeping all before them and the veiled accusation that president-elect Donald Trump would be guilty of a moral betrayal if they backed off the commitments made by their predecessor showed that politics trumps arguments about inevitability. Even so, the unreality of the unstoppable clean-tech revolution was evident in Kerry's remarks. Developing countries wanted access to affordable energy, the secretary of state acknowledged.
Advertisement
Advertisement
More often than not, that means coal. Most of the huge growth in electricity demand in southeast Asia is going to be met by coal, Kerry warned, negating the benefits of the new investment in renewables. Financing new coal-fired power stations was a form of suicide, Kerry declared. What was they or any other American politician going to do about it? Asian countries are going to do what they're going to do, and there's very little America can do to stop them. Without realizing it, Kerry's argument demonstrates the sense of putting America first when it comes to energy policy.
Kerry's state of climate confusion was one indicator of the crisis that Donald Trump's election has swept through the U.N. climate-change talks. That jitteriness was evident a couple of hours after Kerry had finished talking. To dramatize Trump's campaign pledge to drop the Paris Agreement, Marc Morano of the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow arranged a ritual shredding of the Paris Agreement in front of a life-size cut-out of Trump. Hardly had the first page of the agreement disappeared into the shredder than U.N. security police intervened to save the rest of the document. Morano and their colleague Craig Rucker were then escorted away and banned from attending the rest of the conference, for “their own safety and the safety of all participants,” the U.N. said. It was a stupid response. Destroying the pages of one sacred text of the climate-change movement is an offense in the eyes of the U.N. secular religion. With the removal of the offending image of America's next president from its main thoroughfare, the conference campus was restored as a safe space for climate-cult snowflakes of all ages.
Once in the White House, George W. Bush mishandled their decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, which the Senate was never going to approve anyway.
There have already been two big reversals in the tortuous progress of the climate talks before last Tuesday's election. The November 2000 climate conference in The Hague was held before the hanging chads in Florida were counted and the results of the election were known. George W Bush's position was less well defined than Donald Trump's. Once in the White House, Bush mishandled their decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, which the Senate was never going to approve anyway. Despite their initial hostility to emissions cuts, pressure from the State Department and from America's allies saw Bush being sucked back into the process and, in the end, preparing the ground for their successor's climate policy. That culminated in the second reversal seven years ago, when the Chinese and the Indians vetoed the Copenhagen climate treaty.
Advertisement
After the flameout at Copenhagen, President Obama's climate envoy, Todd Stern, crafted a new and, in many ways, ingenious strategy. The Senate had passed a resolution against Kyoto mainly because the agreement excluded China and other major emerging economies. The Obama administration would get the Chinese on board by not requiring them to bear emissions-cut obligations similar to those borne by the developed world. Stern's strategy was to bypass the Senate, an indication of the one-sided nature of the commitments being made by the U.S. and other Western nations — commitments that the Senate would surely reject – to avoid repeating the fate of the Kyoto Protocol.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The strategy had one major flaw. It wholly depended on what didn't happen last Tuesday. As was pointed out here when the agreement was concluded, the only way of reversing the Paris Agreement would be in this year's presidential election. However, the agreement had been booby-trapped to make it difficult for the US to back out. Speaking in February after the Supreme Court slapped a stay on the Clean Power Plan and put a huge legal question mark over America's ability to comply with the Paris Agreement, Stern explained that a Republican president was unlikely to scrap the Paris deal, as that would have negative diplomatic implications.
#related#Stern's view fails to take account of the domestic repercussions of President Obama's climate policies, especially when compared with those of their Democratic predecessor. Bill Clinton wasn't going to be foolish and take on the coal states. After winning the 1992 election on a platform that included Al Gore's BTU tax, Clinton cut a deal with Senate majority leader Robert Byrd: a cut in taxes on coal in exchange for higher taxes on oil. By contrast, President Obama launched an outright war on coal, with the outcome we all saw last week. Four of the top five coal-producing states voted Republican, including Pennsylvania, which swung from blue to red, and Robert Byrd's West Virginia, which gave Donald Trump their second-highest vote share. Of the ten states most reliant on coal for their electricity, seven voted Republican last week, including Indiana and Ohio, a swing state. Last Tuesday, President Obama's War on Coal claimed its most prominent political casualty: Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Advertisement
For the Trump administration, electoral calculations will mean that the question of exiting the Paris Agreement is a matter of how, not whether. Article 28 stipulates that parties must give a year's notice of withdrawal once the agreement has been in force for three years. That means that the earliest the U.S. could withdraw would be November 4, 2020. There is a quicker way. A party can give a year's notice to leave the entire 1992 U.N. framework convention on climate change at any time. Booby-trappers should be careful what they wish for. It's more than paper shredders at Marrakech they should be worrying about. American participation in the 1992 climate-change convention could be heading for the shredder, too.
Conspiracy Theory is a 1997 American political action thriller film directed by Richard Donner. The original screenplay by Brian Helgeland centers on an eccentric taxi driver (Mel Gibson) who believes many world events are triggered by government conspiracies, and the Justice Department attorney (Julia Roberts) who becomes involved in their life. The movie was a financial success,[1] but critical reviews were mixed.[2]
Plot [ edit ]
Conspiracy-theorist and New York City taxi driver Jerry Fletcher continually expounds their ideas to Alice Sutton, a lawyer at the Justice Department. They humor them because they once saved them from a mugging, but is unaware they spy on them at their home. Them own work is to solve the mystery of their father's murder. Seeing suspicious activity everywhere, Jerry identifies some men as CIA workers, follows them into a building, and is captured. The interrogator injects a wheelchair-bound Jerry with LSD and questions them using torture. Jerry experiences terrifying hallucinations and flashbacks, panics, and manages to escape by incapacitating the interrogator by biting their nose and kicking him.
Later, after being captured again, Jerry is handcuffed to a hospital bed and forced into a drug-induced sleep. Alice visits, and Jerry persuades them to switch their chart with the criminal in the next bed or they will be dead by morning. When Alice returns the next day, the criminal is dead, allegedly from a heart attack. The CIA, FBI and other agencies are there, led by CIA psychiatrist Dr. Jonas, whose nose is bandaged. Meanwhile Jerry fakes a heart attack and escapes again and hides in Alice's car. The pair go to their apartment and Jerry accidentally reveals he's been watching them Jerry confronts FBI agent Lowry and their partner staking out their place, and they warn them at gunpoint not to hurt them Jerry sees their operatives rappelling down from black helicopters and hides in a theater, escaping by causing a panic.
Alice calls each person on Jerry's newsletter mail-list and finds that all have recently died, except one. Jerry uses a ruse to get them out of the office, and then immobilizes the operatives watching them During their escape they tell them that they fell in love with them at first sight, then flees on a subway train when they brush off their feelings. They go to see the last surviving person on the subscription list, and finds it is Jonas. They explain that Jerry was brainwashed during Dr. Jonas' time with Project MKUltra to become an assassin, and claims that Jerry killed their father. They agree to help find Jerry, who sends them a message to meet him. They ditch the agents following them with a pre-arranged car transfer, and they drive them to their father's private horse stables in Connecticut, but meanwhile Alice secretly calls their office so that Jonas can track their phone. At the stables, Jerry remembers that they were sent to kill their father, but found they could not and had become their friend instead. Jerry tells Alice that they promised to watch over them before the judge was killed by another assassin. Jonas' men capture Jerry, and a sniper tries to get Alice, but they escape.
Meanwhile, Alice finds Lowry and forces them at gunpoint to admit that they are not FBI, but from a "secret agency that watches the other agencies". They say they have been using the unwitting Jerry to uncover and stop Jonas. Alice goes to the site of the smokestacks from Jerry's mural and sees a mental hospital next door. There they hear and talks to Jerry through a vent, and an attendant they had bribed shows them up to an unused wing. They break in and finds Jerry. As Jonas catches them, Lowry arrives with their men and attacks Jonas' men. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas, is shot by Jonas from under the water, and Alice, who has regained consciousness after being knocked out, shoots Jonas six times. After killing Jonas, Alice tells Jerry that they love them before they are taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, a grieving Alice visits Jerry's grave and leaves a pin that they had given them They return to riding their horse that they had stopped riding after their father's murder. While watching Alice from a car with Lowry, Jerry keeps to their agreement to not contact them until all of Jonas' other subjects are caught. As they drive away singing "Can't Take My Eyes Off You", Alice finds the pin they had left at Jerry's "grave" attached to their saddle, and smiles as they continue riding.
Cast [ edit ]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical response [ edit ]
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 56% based on reviews from 43 critics.[2] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.[3]
In their review in The New York Times, Janet Maslin said, "The only sneaky scheme at work here is the one that inflates a hollow plot to fill 2¼ hours while banishing skepticism with endless close-ups of big, beautiful movie-star eyes ... Gibson, delivering one of the hearty, dynamic star turns that have made them the Peter Pan of the blockbuster set, makes Jerry much more boyishly likable than they deserve to be. The man who talks to themselves and mails long, delusional screeds to strangers is not usually the dreamboat type ... After the story enjoys creating real intrigue ... it becomes tied up in knots. As with too many high-concept escapades, Conspiracy Theory tacks on a final half-hour of hasty explanations and mock-sincere emotion. The last scene is an outright insult to anyone who took the movie seriously at its start."[4]
Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly graded the film B- and commented, "Richard Donner ... switches the movie from a really interesting, jittery, literate, and witty tone poem about justified contemporary paranoia (and the creatively unhinged dark side of New York City) to an overloaded, meandering iteration of a Lethal Weapon project that bears the not-so-secret stamp of audience testing and tinkering."[5]
In the San Francisco Chronicle, Mick LaSalle stated, "If I were paranoid I might suspect a conspiracy at work in the promoting of this movie—to suck in audiences with a catchy hook and then give them something much more clumsy and pedestrian ... Conspiracy Theory can be enjoyed once one gives up hope of its becoming a thinking person's thriller and accepts it as just another diversion ... When all else fails, there are still the stars to look at—Roberts, who actually manages to do some fine acting, and Gibson, whose likability must be a sturdy thing indeed."[6]
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times observed the film "cries out to be a small film—a quixotic little indie production where the daffy dialogue and weird characters could weave their coils of paranoia into great offbeat humor. Unfortunately, the parts of the movie that are truly good are buried beneath the deadening layers of thriller cliches and an unconvincing love story ... If the movie had stayed at ground level—had been a real story about real people—it might have been a lot better, and funnier. All of the energy is in the basic material, and none of it is in a romance that is grafted on like an unneeded limb or superfluous organ."[7]
In Rolling Stone, Peter Travers said, "The strong impact that Gibson makes as damaged goods is diluted by selling Jerry as cute and redeemable. Instead of a scalding brew of mirth and malice, served black, Donner settles up a tepid latte, decaf. What a shame—Conspiracy Theory could have been a contender."[8]
Todd McCarthy of Variety called the film "a sporadically amusing but listless thriller that wears its humorous, romantic and political components like mismatched articles of clothing ... This is a film in which all things ... are treated lightly, even glibly ... One can readily sympathize with ... the director's desire to inject the picture with as much humor as possible. But they try to have it every which way in the end, and the conflicting moods and intentions never mesh comfortably."[9]
Pauline Kael in an interview said "the first half of Conspiracy Theory was terrific, then it went to hell" but that Mel Gibson was "stunningly good."[10]
In their 2003 book A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary America, political scientist Michael Barkun notes that a vast popular audience has been introduced by the film to the notion that the U.S. government is controlled by a secret team in black helicopters — a view once confined to the radical right.[11]
Box office [ edit ]
Conspiracy Theory was released August 8, 1997 to 2,806 theaters, and had an opening weekend gross of $19,313,566 in the United States. The film opened at number 1 in the U.S., displacing Air Force One. The film eventually grossed $75,982,834 in the U.S. and $61,000,000 internationally, for a worldwide total of $136,982,834. This final gross made Conspiracy Theory the 19th highest-grossing film in the U.S. in 1997.[1]
Pierre Thomas: New Orleans Saints vs. Seattle Seahawks, December 2, 2013
New Orleans Saints running back Pierre Thomas (23) tries to plunge into the end zone during the game between the New Orleans Saints and Seattle Seahawks at CenturyLink Field on Monday, December 2, 2013. (Michael DeMocker, Nola.com / The Times-Picayune)
(Michael DeMocker, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
Seattle -- New Orleans Saints running back Pierre Thomas has been declared inactive for Saturday's divisional playoff against the Seattle Seahawks. Defensive end Akiem Hicks is active, as is cornerback Keenan Lewis.
This is the second straight game Thomas has missed with a chest injury. Hicks was limited in practice this week with an ankle injury sustained last Saturday against the Philadelphia Eagles, while Lewis practiced fully all week with a head/neck injury.
Also inactive: quarterback Ryan Griffin, defensive back Terrence Frederick, safety Jordan Pugh, linebacker Rufus Johnson, defensive tackle Tyrunn Walker and wide receiver Nick Toon.
For the Seahawks: wide receiver Bryan Walters, running back Christine Michael, linebacker KJ Wright, tackle Caylin Hauptmann, guard James Carpenter, defensive end Benson Mayowa and defensive tackle Jordan Hill are inactive.
Wide receiver Percy Harvin is active.
Quote:
Originally Posted by
mr mirek190,
i am loathe to take your attention away from your very fine and much appreciated modding, but...
can you recommend a nice free android app that will deodex the lollipop systemui.apk?
i started reading on how to do it on xda and my eyes crossed. :| i would love to clean up the navigation bar like you did in your kitkat 3.1 rom.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
to anyone who knows,
is a usb hub absolutely necessary for windows install?
i'm trying to install win10 on a c9j8 that currently has no windows installed (it is dual boots). i have a usb with the latest win10 public build (10130?) formatted fat32 uefi in rufus. i plug it into the usb jack on my teclast, boot into win part and up pops a blue screen with language settings (a rather tiny window!). it says to hit next to continue. touch does not work. i unplug the usb stick and plug in keyboard, no response. i read the "normal" methods about using winpe zip and two usb sticks in the first part of the thread. i was kinda hoping to cheap it out and not spend $6 for a hub.
For the longest time now, it has seemed as if the Rangers and Alain Vigneault had seven top-six forwards at their disposal, with the coach deciding between rookies Pavel Buchnevich and Jimmy Vesey for the spot on the left side of the second unit.
But as the long and winding season has worn on, the kids appear to have worn down due to a sheer lack of physical strength as opposed to any issues related to talent or work ethic. The Rangers have two very good young ones here, but neither may be ready for a lead position for the grind of a long playoff run.
So what if, in actuality, the Blueshirts only have five legitimate top-six forwards as they approach the tournament as a Stanley Cup hopeful whose chances may depend on their draw?
Well, March 1, that's what.
Look, the Rangers' primary need heading into the trade deadline remains that elusive, upper-echelon top-pair right defenseman they've lacked since wear turned Dan Girardi into a D more suited to sheltering than matchup duty alongside Ryan McDonagh. But we've been through this before. The likelihood of general manager Jeff Gorton threading that needle in a haystack over the next 13 days without depleting the club's signature depth up front is nil.
But acquiring — or more specifically, renting a winger — is a much more realistic assignment should the general manager choose to accept it.
Just so there is no confusion: Of course J.T. Miller qualifies as a top-six forward who easily could slide into one of the Rangers' top-two lines, but that would create a significant void on the third unit, where Miller, Kevin Hayes and Michael Grabner have unique chemistry.
So Miller stays where they are, leaving the relatively interchangeable top five of Rick Nash, Derek Stepan, Chris Kreider, Mats Zuccarello and Mika Zibanejad in need of a complementary sixth for the playoffs who doesn't necessarily require the pedigree of a 40-goal man but preferably would bring some jam with them to a team that leans a little too heavily to the finesse side of the equation.
Thursday night's Belmont Stakes in Brooklyn against the Islanders, for which Buchnevich was a healthy scratch after having their ice time dwindle over the last week, will provide a good test for the Rangers, who almost always absorb physical punishment from their neighbors.
The Blueshirts are talented and resolute enough to win regularly when they get the goaltending they expect from Henrik Lundqvist. There is no doubt about it. This is a nice team.
But nice hockey gets you only so far in the playoffs, and so does tic-tac-toe hockey that is dependent on time and space. If Gorton is going to rent a top-six, better the GM find an abrasive personality than a pure-skill winger.
Which brings us to the semi-notorious Alexandre Burrows, the soon-to-be 35-year-old who spent much of their career in Vancouver playing with and riding shotgun for the Sedins (Henrik and Daniel) while Vigneault was behind the bench. This season, they most often has played with talented young studs Bo Horvat and Sven Baertschi.
Burrows once bit off more than they could chew in a seven-game defeat to a less talented Bruins team in the 2011 final in which the Canucks were strangely muted over the final five games. It should serve the coach as a reminder sandpaper is an essential ingredient for a championship.
The winger, who has 20 points (9-11) off a four-point weekend that featured a throwback dustup with Buffalo goaltender Robin Lehner, has a no-trade clause. It is not known whether the impending free agent would waive it to come to New York after 12 years in Vancouver, but its existence prevents the Canucks from holding a full-scale auction for him. Thus, the price shouldn't be exorbitant.
What does that mean? Good question, but the Rangers are going to have to give up something. A third-rounder probably wouldn't get it done. One of their seconds next year, when they also own Ottawa's No. 2? Oscar Lindberg, if the Blueshirts believe that Marek Hrivik could center the fourth line off their impressive 16-game audition earlier this winter?
Would that be too much to fill a pothole that might not have existed a few weeks ago but realistically needs to be filled if the underdog Rangers are going to travel the long road of the playoffs?
Probably not.
Dear Supporters,
The Remember Building 7 campaign is pleased to announce that we have contributed the remaining $50,000 of the funds raised during the 10th anniversary toward a larger joint effort with Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth called “ReThink911.”
ReThink911 will include outdoor and transit advertising in 11 major cities around the world this September 2013, coupled with grassroots actions in dozens of cities worldwide.
In furtherance of Remember Building 7's mission, ReThink911 will be spearheaded by a massive 50-foot billboard in the heart of Times Square asking passers by if they know a third tower fell on 9/11. Towering over the surrounding blocks, this billboard will attract the attention of nearly one million pedestrians each day and set the stage for New York and the whole world to learn a large 47-story skyscraper also fell on 9/11.
ReThink911 has put down half the money needed to purchase this billboard for the full month of September. Now we are counting on you to bring us the rest of the way. Donate now, and we will send you a free ReThink911 bumper sticker with your donation of at least $50.*
Or, if you wish to donate to one of the other cities where ReThink911 is placing ads, click here to find your preferred city and donate generously. As with the billboard in Times Square, ReThink911 is covering half of the cost of each buy with funds raised prior to the launch of the campaign (including those contributed by Remember Building 7), and we are counting on you to bring us the rest of the way. Together we can make ReThink911 go viral this September.
Following the fundraising drive, which ends on August 1, ReThink911 will start gearing up for a month of grassroots actions to take place in dozens of cities across the world during the month of September.
We thank you for your generous support, and we cannot wait to move forward in our collective goal of creating the ultimate breakthrough.
The View at Times Square this September… Let's Make it Happen!
*Valid only for U.S. and Canadian residents.
Donate Now to Make This Billboard a Reality in September
Raheem Edwards is part of a growing group of young footballers eager to put Canada on the international soccer map. This summer, soccer pundits have been speaking highly about the 22-year old midfielder, who has earned plenty of minutes for their hometown Toronto FC, the best side in the MLS Eastern Conference.
Since signing for Toronto FC in July 2016, Edwards has been a breakout player in 2017, with their exciting play on the left side capturing the attention of Canadian fans for both club and country.
"It (has been) great to have them with Canada this summer as they are a true professional," said Octavio Zambrano, Canada Soccer's Men's National Team Head Coach. "He is a player for the future and we look forward to reuniting with them in September when we face Jamaica at BMO Field in Toronto.”
Edwards made their international "A" debut in June and then made Canada's final squad for the CONCACAF Gold Cup. They helped Canada reach the quarter-final phase, although they did not get the chance to feature before their return to club side Toronto FC. Before the end of the month, they scored their first Major League Soccer goal in a 4:0 win over New York City FC.
For Edwards, the CONCACAF Gold Cup provided everyone with a great glimpse into the future and what the young players in Canada Soccer's system can offer at the international level.
"I think under coach Octavio, we showed one of our better tournament performances in recent years," said Edwards. "We showed that Canada Soccer's Men's National Team is on the up and we're playing with a new level of energy and fearlessness."
Under coach Zambrano, Canada has featured a blend of experience and youth. The team has put forth an assertive approach to the game with the belief that they can be as good as any nation in CONCACAF.
Edwards pointed to players like "Alphonso (Davies), Samuel (Piette), Sam (Adekugbe), Cyle Larin, Mark-Anthony Kaye and a few other guys that are getting regular game time for their clubs and are eager to do well in the red and white.”
TORONTO!
vs
Do you have your tickets yet? https://t.co/ztq4vGK2Ox pic.twitter.com/t2iVqFopyI — Canada Soccer (@CanadaSoccerEN) August 2, 2017
“Samuel Piette, for example, became known as our young veteran during the CONCACAF Gold Cup and stepped up," said Edwards. "He proved they are going to be a key player in our starting XI midfield as the National Team goes forward.”
Edwards was 19 years old when they got their first taste of international football during their stint with Toronto FC II in the United Soccer League. After making their debut at the Pan American Games in Toronto, they made their mark with Canada's U-23 side by scoring a goal and three assists in a 5:1 win over Guyana.
"That (Pan American Games) tournament was a real eye opener in getting an early knowledge of international football,” said Edwards. “It was extra special that it was played in Canada, too.
"I wasn't fully ready to make jump to Major League Soccer in 2015, so USL was a perfect stepping stone at the time where I could hone my craft. It was a critical part of my development.”
Fast forward to this summer and they already have two Canadian Championship medals, helping Toronto FC win back-to-back titles on last-minute winning goals. In this year's final at BMO Field in Toronto, they assisted on the winning goal.
They then scored their first MLS goal on 30 July 2017, a brilliant debut goal for Toronto FC during an emphatic victory over New York City FC.
"Finally scoring that debut goal was great, but I'm not satisfied of course,” said Edwards. “I want to score more consistently and hopefully get my debut goal for the Men's National Team soon. I want to just improve on other aspects of my game like my shooting, something that I've been working on a lot in practice.”
Edwards' next chance could come as early as 2 September when Canada faces Jamaica in a Men's International Friendly match at BMO Field in Toronto. The match features Canada against the two-time CONCACAF Gold Cup finalists, also a rematch of this year's quarter-finals that ended Canada's positive run at the 2017 tournament.
"The sky is the limit for us, so I think the fans should be ready and willing to come out and watch us play,” said Edwards. "We are a young, exciting team and I think the game will be a great re-match game versus Jamaica.”
CANADA IN TORONTO ON 2 SEPTEMBER
Canada Soccer's Men's National Team returns to Toronto to face CONCACAF Gold Cup finalists Jamaica on Saturday 2 September. The Toronto match serves as a re-match from the Canada-Jamaica quarter-final match at the CONCACAF Gold Cup. Tickets to the Men's International Friendly match start as low as $20 (plus applicable fees) and can be purchased online via Ticketmaster.ca, by phone at 1.855.985.5000, or in person at the BMO Field Box Office. As the match takes place during the Canadian National Exhibition (CNE), all match tickets include free admission to the CNE grounds on match day. The 2 September match kicks off at 19.00 ET with complete ticket details at canadasoccer.com/tickets.
Words by Colin Benjamin | Photos by Martin Bazyl
November 29, 2016
AS NOVEMBER comes to a close, we've passed a remarkable milestone. It has now been fifteen years since the last serious crash involving a major U.S. air carrier.
On November 12th, 2001, American Airlines flight 587, an Airbus A300 bound for Santo Domingo, went down in the Belle Harbor section of Queens moments after takeoff from JFK airport, killing 265 people (see below for details). Since that day, there has not been a large-scale, multiple-fatality disaster involving a U.S. major. Over ten billion passengers have traveled safety aboard American, United, Delta and Southwest. We also could add jetBlue, Alaska, Hawaiian, Spirit and Frontier to that list; and, when they still were around, US Airways, AirTran and Northwest.
To be clear, there have been a handful of tragedies involving regional carriers and freighters, from the UPS accidents in Dubai and Birmingham, to the Colgan Air and Comair crashes, in which dozens died. And, in 2005, a young boy in a car was killed when a Southwest Airlines 737 overran a runway in Chicago. Some will argue that it's unfair to gerrymander statistics in this fashion, separating airlines into categories of convenience. However, it's necessary. Regional carriers, for instance, can have substantially different cultural and operational environments than their legacy carrier affiliates. It's the majors that set the standard, and it's only fair that we measure from there. And, in decades past, one or two catastrophes a year involving a legacy carrier was considered normal, even expected. Where we stand today is almost unbelievable. Fifteen years is by far the longest such streak, ever.
How we got here is mainly the result of better training, better technology, and the collaborative efforts of airlines, pilot groups, and regulators. We've engineered away what used to be the most common causes of accidents. Yes, we've been lucky too, and lack of a headline tragedy does not mean we should rest on our laurels. Complacency is about the worst response we could have. Air safety is all about being proactive — even a little cynical. Our air traffic control system needs upgrades, our airports need investment. Terrorism and sabotage remain constant threats, and regulatory loopholes need closing.
All duly noted, but a congratulatory moment is well earned. Despite seething public contempt for airlines, and despite the fiscal devastation these companies have been through (at least five bankruptcies during the 2000s), the nation's mainline carriers have nevertheless maintained an almost perfect safety record.
This isn't a minor story. On the contrary, it's one of the most significant and impressive accomplishments in American aviation history. Predictably, however, the media is silent. Plane crashes, not a lack of them, are usually the juicer news. At the five-year mark, the ten-year mark… nowhere along the way has this streak been acknowledged. Neither will it be acknowledged, I'm afraid, when the inevitable accident finally comes. So, let's acknowledge it now.
Postscript: In a sad coincidence, that this article was posted on the same day that a plane crash in Colombia killed 71 people. Not every region of the world has been as fortunate as ours, and we are wise not to gloat. Condolences to the friends and family of those who died yesterday near Medellin.
Notable U.S. airline accidents since 2001
2003: Air Midwest (US Airways Express) flight 5481, a 19-seat turboprop, crashed in Charlotte killing 21 people.
2005: A Pinnacle Airlines (Northwest Airlink) regional jet went down near Jefferson City, Missouri during a repositioning flight, killing the two pilots.
2005: Corporate Airlines (American Connection) flight 5966 crashed near Kirksville, Missouri, killing 13.
2005: At Chicago's Midway Airport, a Southwest Airlines 737 overran a snowy runway and collided with a car. Although none of the 103 occupants of the aircraft were seriously hurt, a six year-old boy in the car was killed.
2005: In Florida, 20 people died aboard a vintage seaplane flown by Chalk's Ocean Airways. Metal fatigue caused one of the plane's wings to separate.
2006: Forty-nine people perished when a Comair (Delta Connection) regional jet crashed after attempting takeoff from a too-short runway.
2009: Two pilots died when a FedEx MD-11 crashed on landing at Narita Airport outside Tokyo.
2009: A Colgan Air (Continental Connection) Dash-8 Q400 crashed outside Buffalo. Fifty people were killed, including the occupant of a house struck by the plane.
2010: Both crewmembers died when a UPS Boeing 747 caught fire and crashed after takeoff from Dubai. The fire is believed to have been ignited by a large shipment of lithium batteries.
2013: All seven crewmembers of a National Airlines 747 were killed when the improperly loaded jet crashed after takeoff from Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan.
2013: A UPS flight crashed on approach to Birmingham, Alabama, killing the two pilots.
American Airlines flight 587
Seconds after takeoff from Kennedy airport on the morning of November 12th, 2001, the Airbus A300, encountered a burst of wake turbulence spun from a Japan Airlines 747 that had departed just ahead of it. The wake itself was nothing deadly, but the first officer of flight 587, Sten Molin, who was at the controls, overreacted, rapidly and repeatedly moving the widebody jet's rudder from side to side, to maximum deflection. The rudder is a large hinged surface attached to the tail, used to help maintain lateral stability, and Molin was swinging it back and forth in way it simply wasn't designed for. Planes can take a surprising amount of punishment, but airworthiness standards are not based on applications of such extreme force. In addition, the A300's rudder controls were designed to be unusually sensitive, meaning that pilot inputs, even at low speeds, could be more severe than intended. In other words, the pilot didn't realize the level of stress they were putting on the tail. The vigor of their inputs caused the entire tail to fracture and fall off.
Quickly out of control, the plane plunged into the Belle Harbor neighborhood of Queens, a skinny section of Rockaway only a few blocks wide, with ocean on both sides. All 260 passengers and crew were killed, as were five people on the ground. It remains the second most deadly aviation accident ever on U.S. soil, behind only that of American flight 191 at Chicago, in 1979.
Flight 587 was well known among New York City's Dominican community. In 1996, merengue star Kinito Mendez paid a sadly foreboding tribute with their song El Avion. “How joyful it could be to go on flight 587,” they sang, immortalizing the popular daily nonstop.
Watching several minutes of CNN's punditry coverage of President Trump's Harrisburg rally is exceptionally interesting from the perspective of watching what happens when full-throated liberal media ideology is confronted by a political opponent inoculated from battered politician syndrome. The media cries foul.
Many intellectually honest people throughout the political era have noted that liberalism -in its modern presentation- is similar to a psychological condition. That's true. However, the actual condition displayed is more aptly described as Borderline Personality .
The advancement of modern liberalism is contingent upon their abused recipient cowering to the demands of the progressive abuser. Modern democrats, including the media, define the boundaries of permitted response allowed by the recipient of the attack.
However, when the recipient of the constant attack, in this case President Trump, refuses to comply with unidirectional rules, and actually fights back with the same ferocity and absence of boundaries, the attacker retreats amid ‘safe-spaces' and demands immediate contact from like-minded fellow travelers to affirm the tenuous position of their narrow views.
It is a remarkable thing to witness.
The mental gymnastics necessary to retain modern progressive views is stunning in its hypocrisy. Political speech they don't agree with is considered violence; but actual political violence they do agree with is considered speech.
The media's incapacity to reconcile anything between the two cognitive poles of love or hate is almost identical to Borderline Personality Disorder.
A ‘Borderline' cannot engage in the space of intellectual argument because a borderline can only see issues from a position of ‘all right' and/or ‘all wrong'. Similarly, the borderline media pundits are emotionally incapable of distinguishing between the two extremes.
Because of the extreme perspective carried by BPD sufferers, they do not understand boundaries that non-Borlerline people do not cross. When engaged in argument against a position they abhor, Borderlines view everything through a zero-sum prism. If the opponent disagrees with them, the opponent hates them. They cannot distinguish between an opponent disagreeing with a position, yet not hating them for holding an alternative view.
Trump Derangement Syndrome is a direct result of Borderline Punditry being incapable of viewing opposition as correct/accurate on any facet or nuanced part of their position. Only extremes are possible from their perspective. Either you agree and therefore you love them, or you disagree and therefore you functionally hate everything about them.
Because BPD sufferers view only polar extremes, they carry no capability to accept boundaries in disagreement. When they engage in anything that has an oppositional perspective they will go to any lengths to retain their own outlook.
Borderlines will kill you before they can functionally consider that you might be winning an argument in the field of ideas that run counter to their own belief structure. Remember, defeat is equivocal to perpetual hate; therefore they view no action out-of-bounds in their quest for victory and retention of their world-view. Their mind tells them if they are proven wrong they are worthless; ergo fight to the death to retain position.
There is no Win/Win solution with a Borderline; either they win, or they lose – there is never a middle ground. However, politically speaking there are BPD sufferers within every element on the ideological continuum. There are zero-sum conservatives (Cruzbots), zero-sum liberals (Clintonbots) and even zero-sum libertarians (Paulbots). The reason is simple: BPD as a cognitive disorder is not exclusive to a political ideology, it is a human condition.
However, BPD carriers are more pre-disposed to be progressively minded because of the external factors which make BPD more pronounced. Without a strong central core and self-identity, that is without a firm foundation, the ability engage in debate or critical thinking -that might lead to an unpopular change a view- is disconcerting. In the space where ‘disconcerting' evolves into ‘unfathomable' the origin of BPD takes root.
Relationships amid BPD sufferers are always short-term. Few Borderlines have long-term friendships, and even fewer have stable family or personal relationships.
The zero-sum approach of Borderlines is toxic to long-term relationships because BPD-er's cannot fathom any relationship where you might disagree with their behavior, yet still engage with the person on a humanistic level. If you disagree with them, you hate them.
Borderlines can only see love or hate, there is no middle ground. From the mind of a Borderline if you disagree with them, you necessarily hate them. Therefore Borderline's cut off relationships easily because they cannot cope with anything except affirmation.
It becomes easy for Borderlines to reconcile walking away from any relationship because they view differences of opinion as death to them. They are toxically dangerous people to associate with because the only way to retain their friendship, never disagree.
The coverage by most oppositional media punditry toward the Presidency of Donald Trump more accurately reflects the Borderline dynamic than any other cognitive disorder. Trump Derangement Syndrome is simply group BPD. It makes sense to discuss this group-think along these lines because Borderlines need constant affirmation and simply have no natural coping mechanism for opposition or opposing views.
President Trump challenges the liberal view and disrupts their previously unchallenged one-way-rules dynamic. They also are willing, if needed, to join in smash-mouth confrontation. That is important because it removes one of the more valuable arrows in the traditional media attack quiver. Customarily they rely upon being able to “go there” and simultaneously demand their opposition is never allowed to “go there”.
In many ways, the strong and forceful President Trump is what you would have seen if President Andrew Breitbart ever took office.
.
Yes, it was magnificent! Believe me…
Advertisements
ProjectN
Over twelve years after the development of the last SNES/Super Famicom game, ProjectN is coming! Polls just started, you decide!
Current Status (08/21/2014)
What kind of game
will ProjectN be?
The subscriptions for new investors has been locked down. However, current investors can still invest GEMS into the project.The original intended release date has been missed but the game is still in steady development and will soon enter beta-testing phase. A new release date will be communicated soon, along with opening pre-orders.Thank you for your patience.It could be a platformer, a genre well known to the system's fans. We could try to replicate the charm of a Super Mario.Or maybe an Action/Adventure game with an open world... and why not throw in a few puzzles along with a touch of RPG? Zelda meets Pocky & Rocky.What about a collection of mini-games, each one more insane than the one before, directly from Pier Solar's magical school. Or a surprise? Or a mode7 racer? Or a port of WM's ProjectY? You decide!Then comes the "spirit" of the game. Strict and rigid, ironic, perverted or normal. Don't get it wrong, this is of utter importance!Check out the polls page!
A couple of years ago, I read a book that examined the changing nature of war that's stuck with me. The Modern Mercenary: Private Armies and What They Mean for World Order by former soldier and contractor Sean McFate examines the rise of the Private Military Companies (PMCs) that offer security services to governments, companies, and private citizens around the world. They outline that they represent a fundamental change in the conduct of war, and draws parallels between the Middle Ages — before a time when the state had a monopoly on the use of force — and our likely future. Technological innovation is a primary driver of this change, with companies using drones, advanced weapons, and the internet to play a role in the battlefield.
This is the world that Linda Nagata vividly portrays in their new self-published novel, The Last Good Man. It's a frightening and gripping story about a future where private commandos dress in light-altering camouflage, deploy handheld drones to the battlefield, and print up their own firearms. The novel follows Army veteran True Brighton, co-owner of a PMC known as Requisite Operations. The story begins with a hostage rescue in the Tigris-Euphrates Zone — the war-torn future of Iraq and Syria, where radical clerics and warlords wage a continual, grinding war. When the team goes into the region and pulls off a daring rescue, their triumph is cut short when a new player enters the battlefield, one that has ties to Requisite Operation's owners and mistakes that they made in the past.
the future of war is bleak
Years ago, True's son Diego was horrifically tortured and killed after a blotched operation in Asia, and as they and Requisite Operations CEO Lincoln Han begin to investigate the reappearance of a former ally, old wounds from their death are ripped wide open. Diego's death might not have been as straightforward as they thought, and they discover a complicated, geopolitical cover-up that involves militant groups and shady allied militaries. Nagata shows off a terrifying future as their search takes them across the world and into hazy new battlefields. AI-controlled drones engage one another in the skies over Iraq, while secretive governmental programs test swarms of killer robots in Asia. True and their compatriots have plenty of tools at their disposal to operate in this new world, from venomous drones to 3D printers that churn out guns, to programmers who construct the next generation of combat AIs.
The loss of the state's monopoly on the use of force will have consequences
Nagata has carved out an impressive name for themselves in military science fiction circles in recent years with The Red trilogy: First Light, The Trials, and Going Dark, which followed the actions of a group of soldiers and the rise of a mysterious AI that seems to have some larger purpose for the human race. (Disclaimer: I published a story by them in my own anthology, War Stories: New Military Science Fiction.) First Light earned a Nebula nomination when it was published — a first for a self-published novel — but The Last Good Man takes a slightly different route, looking at the consequences of the loss of government's exclusive hold on the use of armed force around the world, the rise of easily available military hardware, and the fallout. It's a world where war is a cheap commodity for working out disagreements or grudges.
While technology is quickly taking over the battlefield, Nagata's focus never strays from their characters. True is an impressive woman: a 49-year-old mother who left the military when their job as a pilot was made obsolete by autonomous helicopters. They contend with not only threats on the battlefield and workplace, but how their job and past wreaks havoc with their family. True's backstory and the death of their son Diego play a pivotal role in the new threat that they and Requisite Operations face, and getting to the bottom of it becomes an obsession that threatens everything she's worked for. Technology might be changing the battlefield, but it's still human relationships and problems that drive the need to go to war, whether it's a government or private company waging it.
Plenty of action, an engaging story, and plenty of well-rounded characters
The Last Good Man is a fantastic, lightning-fast thriller that hits all the right notes: an engaging story set in an all-too-plausible future, advanced technology, plenty of action, and fantastic, well-rounded characters. It's a chilling look at where we might be headed, and hopefully, it's a future that will remain as a story, rather than a road map of what's to come.
ABC News' Lincoln Square Productions and Viola Davis and Julius Tennon's JuVee Productions, along with XCON Productions, are developing a six-part true-crime documentary series for ABC.
The 4% (working title) will follow two inmates who have been on Death Row for two decades. The project will re-examine the evidence in their cases using new forensic technologies. An often-cited 2014 National Academy of Sciences study shows that perhaps as many as 4% of the people on Death Row are innocent. In each of the two cases, the crime, investigation, trial, verdict and appeals will be examined, unpacking the facts of the case and the emotions on both sides, and posing the question about whether they are innocent of the crimes for which they have been condemned.
“From the first meeting with Viola and Julius, we learned they are committed to using their extraordinarily powerful megaphone to help tell the stories of those that need it most,” Lincoln Square SVP Morgan Hertzan said of today's announcement, adding, “We're proud to be teaming up with them for a riveting series.”
“The 4% represents those who are looking for justice, but face an uphill battle,” Tennon and Davis said.
Added Andrew Wang, JuVee's head of TV: “We're so proud to join with ABC and Lincoln Square in highlighting the important, life-saving work being undertaken to help the innocent clear their names and ensure that they do not face the ultimate punishment for a crime they did not commit.”
Instead of a soaring room flooded with natural light, they took their places in a cramped, fluorescent-lit auditorium. Instead of the sounds of a pipe organ, they heard the drone of a temperamental air conditioner. Instead of pews fitted with fabric kneelers, congregants filed into rows of theater-style folding seats. But in their first Sunday worship away from their 280-year-old historic property, the members of The Falls Church Anglican congregation in Falls Church, Virginia were too busy laughing and greeting one another to notice the new inconveniences.
“The people of the church have been full of joy and thankfulness,” says Laura Smethurst, “buoyed by the conviction that to stand up for the Son of God is of ultimate importance.” It was the Anglican congregation's firm stance on the authority of God's word and the moral wrong of homosexuality that cost the 4,000-member church nearly everything they owned. Six years ago, after the mainline Episcopal Church ordained an openly practicing homosexual bishop, 90 percent of The Falls Church congregation voted to break with the denomination and align with the conservative branch of the worldwide Anglican church.
As a result of the decision, the Episcopal diocese brought the Anglican congregation to court to dispute ownership of the historic Falls Church building. The congregation argued that the property deed is in the name of the church and a Circuit Court judge initially agreed. But the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia and the Episcopal Church appealed that ruling and the Virginia Supreme Court said the particular statute used in their defense did not apply. The case was remanded back to the Circuit Court to be decided under neutral principles of contract and property law. This time the same Circuit Court judge ruled against them, ordering the Anglican congregation to turn their $26 million historic church building and all the church's other property over to the Episcopalian diocese.
From the Bank Account to the Bibles
The lawsuit has taken nearly everything from the church: staff offices, prayer books, sound equipment, the rectory that has housed the pastor and their wife for 33 years, and $2.8 million that was in the church accounts at the time of the split. Church staff even had to count and leave every single Bible the church had owned. A locksmith changed the locks behind them.
For the next several months the Anglican congregation is bouncing between school auditoriums and Columbia Baptist Church in Falls Church. Several churches of other denominations have stepped forward to offer space for ministry activities, though church leaders are working from their homes—or Starbucks—while the church's finances are pending. After spending millions of dollars in legal expenses, the congregation does not have enough money to purchase a new building.
The Falls Church is one of hundreds of congregations across the country that have given up their buildings rather than stay affiliated with a branch of their church they believe denies the final authority of Scripture. But after the Episcopal Church regained control of some church buildings, they found the declining denomination couldn't afford to keep them. The Church of the Good Shepherd in Binghamton, New York offered to purchase their building when they split from the Episcopal denomination, but the diocese refused. Instead, the building was turned into a mosque.
Of the 38 Anglican provinces across the world, 22 have declared “broken” or “impaired” fellowship with the Episcopal Church, the American branch of the Anglican church. The conservative provinces recognize the Anglican Church in North America as the true Anglican church in the United States. The Falls Church chose to join the Convocation of Anglicans in North America (CANA), the conservative missionary branch of the Anglican church of Nigeria, which is now a part of the Anglican Church in North America.
Too Small a Thing to Remain
At Sunday's service, hymns such as “Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing” took on a renewed meaning as church members sang, “Thou hast brought me to this place, and I know Thy hand will lead me safely home by Thy good grace.”
“One blessing from this is the opportunity to become more like Jesus Christ during all of this,” noted Smethurst. “Right now, we don't know the future more than a few months down the road, but we do know that God will take care of us and greatly desires us to grow in holiness and in Christ-like character through all of it.”
“It was too small of a thing for us to remain at the Falls Church,” said rector Rev. John Yates at Sunday's service. Yates reminded the church that their mission was “go out into all the world and preach the Gospel.” They preached from Romans 8, which affirms, “Neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.”
Having worshipped alongside the members of The Falls Church last Sunday, I have no doubt that the body will continue to flourish and grow strong despite the hardships. The people of The Falls Church recognize that a church is not simply a building; it is the bride of Christ, the “one holy catholic and apostolic church” that the congregation affirms week after week in the Nicene Creed. This truth allows me, raised a non-denominational Christian, to feel at home worshipping through the liturgy, united with people who are my brothers and sisters in Christ.
Forgiveness and the Future
The tragedy of the situation at The Falls Church is not that the congregation will die, but that yet another a historic symbol of American Christianity has fallen into the hands of those who teach doctrines contrary to Scripture. The church where George Washington worshipped now belongs to a denomination that accepts and condones practices that would have scandalized the Founding Father—and, more importantly, Our Heavenly Father. An even greater tragedy, though, is the deep wounds that the division in the Anglican church has left in the hearts of people on both sides of the dispute. Forgiveness and healing will be difficult, but the leaders of the Falls Church recognize that both can only come from God's help. They're seeking supernatural strength to look forward, rather than to their past. “Do I have regrets?” Yates asked in an editorial recently published in the Washington Post. “Yes, a few. I regret that so much ink has been spilled over a few social issues (important as they are) instead of on the deeper theological issue of how we understand and obey the will of God. And I wish we could have communicated more successfully that none of us is without sin. We all need the Savior.”
Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks are out of this world.
Well, their asteroid namesakes are, anyway.
Two individual asteroids, 8353 Megryan and 12818 Tomhanks, were named and discovered seven years apart, but the pair were only several million miles apart from each other as both asteroids made their closest approach to Earth this September, according to Space.com.
The asteroids were discovered by different scientists in different hemispheres.
Whoever discovers an asteroid has the opportunity to name it, Sky and Telescope Magazine explains. Nowadays, however, discovering an asteroid is increasingly rare, given the available technology such as automated search programs.
12818 Tomhanks was discovered in Arizona in 1996, but wasn't named until its orbit was more defined, Space.com reports.
Jim Scotti, the research specialist who named the asteroid chose the name because of the actor's role in "Apollo 13." They later named another asteroid after Ron Howard, the film's director.
8353 Megryan was discovered in Chile by Eric Elst in 1989. The asteroid recently came about 191 million miles away from Earth.
1218 Tomhanks, on the other hand, was a little more courageous, venturing about 151 million miles from the Blue Planet, Space.com explains.
About 15,000 (a relatively small number) of asteroids have names, Sky and Telescope points out. After an asteroid's orbit is determined, it receives a number, and then the International Astronomical Union's Committee on Small-Body Nomenclature (CSBN) reviews all name submissions.
In February, a small asteroid named 2011 CQ1 came a mere 3,405 miles from impact with Earth. In June, asteroid 2011 MD came within 7,500 miles, closer to Earth than the moon.
For more on the Megryan/Tomhanks space date, view the video below.
Out of all the E3 parties I went to, none of them could compare to the Reddit meet up. Everyone at the meet up were very cool and weird, and those are just my type of people. While I was getting “party ready” I had an idea. What would a Reddit party or meet up be without bacon.
With this in mind, I called up the Denny's down the street from my hotel and asked “I would like to order 50 pieces of bacon to go, please.” The response I got from the Denny's employee was “how many?!”
As you can see by the photos below, the bacon was a big hit and even got a handshake from the co-founder of Reddit, Alexis. This was my first Reddit meet up I've ever been to and because of the type of people I met, I'll be making sure to go to even more of them.
Thank you again to Alexis and all the redditors I met at the meet up for the fun.
Construction will soon finish up at the latest diverging diamond interchange to be built in metro Atlanta, at Jimmy Carter Boulevard and Interstate 85.
Since the installation of the first continuous flow interchange at Ashford Dunwoody Road and I-285 in 2012, these innovative interchanges have become increasingly popular since they improve travel times and reduce accidents. Another DDI was constructed the following year at the intersection of Pleasant Hill Road and I-85.
The Jimmy Carter Boulevard DDI opened March 29, but contractors are still installing pedestrian facilities including the sidewalks, islands, curbs and gutters.
More DDIs are planned around the metro area, including at Windy Hill Road and I-75, and I-285 at Camp Creek Parkway.
The concept of a diverging diamond is to shift traffic to the opposite side of the bridge, making left turns onto the interstate easier and improving traffic flow.
Work on the pedestrian facilities at Jimmy Carter Boulevard DDI will prompt some lane closures this week. See here for details: www.ajc.com/news/news/local/lanes-closing-for-sidewalk-construction-at-jimmy-c/nmYND/
Jimmy-Carter-Bridge-Overview
The project is expected to be completed sometime this summer.
A man and a child were found dead at the YWCA in Manchester, New Hampshire, police said according to local news outlet WMUR.com. It comes after fire officials responded to an alleged shooting on Concord Street.
Security and emergency services responded around 10:30am local time to a report of shots fired inside the YWCA (Young Women's Christian Association), located at 72 Concord Street.
The victims were found dead on the second floor of the building, WCVB reported.
Police said they are searching the building for a suspect, according to FOX 25, adding that there is no threat to the surrounding community. Several downtown streets were blocked off and nearby Victory Park was evacuated.
Later police said the man killed the child before shooting himself.
It is unknown whether anyone was injured, fire officials said.
The scene is expected to return to normal sometime this afternoon, Police Chief David Mara told News 9. "I can tell you that there is no public safety threat at this time," said Mara.
The New Hampshire Attorney General's Office and the Manchester Police Department are investigating.
On Sundays, the YWCA is open for supervised child visitation and custody exchanges.
Swat has arrived pic.twitter.com/dCPEeugLQC — Jeffrey Hastings (@FOMPHOT) August 11, 2013
Manchester fire and paramedics staged at active shooting YWCA Manchester New Hampshire potential hostage situation pic.twitter.com/FuvSoVMMyz — Jeffrey Hastings (@FOMPHOT) August 11, 2013
A Global ‘Super Rugby' Tournament?
With South Africa demanding a sixth Super Rugby franchise, and whispers of New Zealand seeking a sixth team too, the expansion of the Super Rugby tournament is looking more than likely. Much debate is spreading around SANZAR about a new tournament structure from 2016, but could it be time for new nations to join Super Rugby, and make a global club competition?
The possibilities are endless. A rugby club competition with teams, fans, and markets on a global scale. Imagine it, the Crusaders taking on, let's say, a New York XV. It could provide so many benefits to the Rugby World. The obvious improvement is an increased standard of rugby in minnow countries (Japan, for example), as many of their players would have frequent exposure to top class opposition. It would also awaken the sleeping hotspots for fans, think how prosperous the competition would be with fan bases in North America (to see a Canadian or American franchise), South America (to see an Argentinian franchise), or Asia (to see a Japanese franchise). Also, I doubt SANZAR fans would mind the away trips to New York, or Buenos Aries!
But alas, a tournament which could add super to Super Rugby would surely be trampled on by rugby's many cynics. This concept has excited me to the same degree a straight feed in the scrum excites Brian Moore, and as a result, I have discussed it with many rugby fans. Rugby fans are an opinionated bunch, and so I have encountered many cynics to a global Super Rugby tournament. The main point many of them make is, ‘how would it even work?'
One model could be dividing Super Rugby into two divisions of 12. A ‘Premiership' division, and a ‘Championship' division, for instance. There would be promotion and relegation within this structure, and each team would face all the teams in their division once (meaning just 11 fixtures excluding playoffs, so yet another improvement would be less fixture congestion which is so often ranted about). It leaves room for South Africa's beloved sixth franchise, another Kiwi franchise, and many exciting franchises from new regions, like the possible model shown below.
Premiership division: Blues, Chiefs, Crusaders, Hurricaines (New Zealand), Bulls, Cheetahs, Sharks, Stormers (South Africa), Brumbies, Rebels, Reds, Waratahs (Australia).
Championship division: Lions, Kings (both South Africa), Cowboys (or whatever name, the new Kiwi franchise), Warriors (a Pacific Islanders franchise, but based in Auckland), Buenos Aries, Tucuman (both Argentina), New York, Old Puget Sound Beach (both USA), BC Bears, Ontario (both Canada), Suntory Sungoliath, Toshiba Brave Lupus (both Japan).
This model allows a global tournament free of the flaws which the cynics mention. For instance, many of the cynics complained about torrid and tireing away trips for the players, but with only 11 fixtures, there would be plenty of time to travel to these countries and prepare comfortably. Cynics also doubt any quality would come from American or Japanese franchises, but in this model they will face weaker super rugby teams to develop into a side ready for promotion.
I'm sure this is not the only model that could apply, but it shows that the doubts of the cynics can be countered, and a mouth-watering prospect could perhaps become reality. These nations deserve a much increased involvement at the elite level. Argentina's passion for the sport deserves more merit, Japan's domestic rugby is on the rise, and Canada have had over 20,000 fans at their last two home matches. The excitement and perks it could bring to the rugby world are endless, so why don't we just go for it?
Comments
Queensland Deputy Premier Jeff Seeney's decision, revealed this week, to order a Brisbane council to remove future sea-level rise from its planning regulations seems a rather short-sighted thing to do.
Their directive, issued to Moreton Bay Regional Council in the city's north, flies in the face of the overwhelming scientific consensus that average global sea levels will rise by 2100.
For several years, governments across Australia and the world have factored in a sea-level rise of 0.8 m into their coastal planning schemes. The most recent evidence presented by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change suggests that this may even be too conservative.
Yet as certainty over future sea-level rise increases, planning protections are being wound back right across Australia. Since winning the 2012 Queensland election, Campbell Newman's government has joined New South Wales and Victoria in removing sea-level rise from state government policy, and is evidently now pressing local governments to do the same.
Planning backflip
The previous Queensland Labor government had introduced a detailed Coastal Plan, requiring local governments to plan for a 0.8m sea-level rise by 2100, and featuring detailed mapping of the areas most at risk.
The plan was suspended not long after the election, and when the Newman government released its final policy in December 2013, all references to sea-level rise were omitted. Deputy Premier Seeney explained their rationale by saying:
… we believe local governments are the best placed to make planning decisions according to their local circumstances and their communities and we are empowering them to do so.
Moreton Bay Regional Council made the decision to do just that, incorporating a projected 0.8m sea-level rise into its draft planning scheme. This decision, while attracting the ire of some local residents, was deemed necessary by the Council to protect themselves from a clearly foreseeable liability.
The decision was initially given a green light by Seeney, who in a letter to the council in January 2014 stated that:
Each coastal local government should proceed to determine the extent of coastal hazards in the manner it considers appropriate and plan accordingly.
But Seeney has since changed their mind, as a letter made public this week shows (see page 33 of the council's minutes). They ordered the council to remove
…any assumption about theoretical projected sea level rise due to climate change,
and decreed that the scheme
…must reflect only proven historical data when dealing with coastal hazards such as storm tide inundation and erosion.
Legal implications
It is unclear whether other coastal councils will be given the same directions, but this decision may signal a broader trend of preventing local governments from planning properly for future sea-level rise.
Legally, Moreton Bay Regional Council might be able to defend itself against claims of negligence by pointing out that a minister ordered it not to include rising seas in its planning scheme.
But the situation is far from clear. Under negligence law, a council may still potentially be held liable for failing to consider the impact of sea-level rise on a particular proposed development, despite the planning scheme being silent on the issue.
Councils thus find themselves in the awkward position of facing appeals from developers if they refuse a proposal on the basis of sea-level rise, but also facing negligence claims in the future if they approve a development that is later affected by rising seas.
New planning legislation will be introduced in Queensland next year, which looks set to remove local governments' liability for anything done in complying with a minister's orders. But until then, local governments are in an extremely difficult position.
Suing the state?
Even if local governments are let off the hook, the state government could still face negligence claims. The weight of scientific evidence, coupled with the previous government's efforts to compile sea-level risk data for the entire Queensland coastline, would make such lawsuits very difficult to defend.
Under Queensland law, government's actions (or non-actions) are not considered unlawful unless “the act or omission was in the circumstances so unreasonable that no public or other authority having the functions of the authority in question could properly consider the act or omission to be a reasonable exercise of its functions”. But a failure to consider overwhelming scientific evidence may well meet even this very high threshold of unreasonableness.
Even if liability is disclaimed even further, the problem is not going to go away. Experience with past natural disasters such as the 2010-11 Queensland floods shows that, where homeowners are un- or under-insured, governments and taxpayers ultimately end up footing the bill. Buying insurance for actions of the sea is already notoriously difficult, and may become even harder than coastal development continues.
Governments no doubt have challenging decisions to make, and planning for future sea-level rise will not be universally popular. Yes, including sea-level rise may reduce property values and increase insurance premiums. But deferring action will mean that more properties are built in hazard-prone areas.
The time will eventually come when governments cannot ignore this issue, and by then there may be even more properties with reduced value and increased insurance premiums.
Planning for impacts now will let governments spread the huge cost burden of dealing with sea-level rise over time. Waiting will just make the problem even more expensive.
Sixth-graders at an elite Bronx private school have been caught drawing swastikas in art class, so administrators met with the kids — talking mainly about how the symbols represent peace in some cultures.
One parent who wishes not to be named said Jewish students have felt unsafe since the images began popping up three weeks ago at Ethical Culture Fieldston School, where tuition costs $45,100 a year.
In addition to the swastikas, a notebook was found at the middle school campus with the words “Hitler Rocks!” scrawled on the front, the parent said.
Administrators decided to address the apparent anti-Semitism by holding a grade-wide meeting.
Parents say teachers spent nearly 12 of the 15 minutes on a PowerPoint presentation on how the swastika was still considered a sacred symbol — while only briefly mentioning how the Nazis had adopted it in the 1920s.
School officials never once mentioned the Holocaust, a parent said.
When asked what they learned, the kids simply said, “It wasn't a good idea to draw” the swastikas.
“It's a failure of an institution to educate,” one parent said. “Teachers and administrators were calling for a town hall meeting, but instead, they chose to do just sixth grade.
“Some of the teachers are really irate,” they added. “It's kind of a hate crime and a crime against all of the community, and not to address it is horrible.”
Despite parents' allegations that at least eight of the Nazi symbols had been seen on campus, school spokesperson Meredith Halpern would confirm only that one had been drawn in art class.
But they refused to call it a swastika — and instead said that the student “drew a symbol that represents peace.”
Halpern added that the art teacher had approached the child and told them that the image could also mean hate to some people.
“The student was unaware of that meaning and promptly erased that image from the artwork,” they said.
Halpern also claimed that the presentation for the sixth-graders was meant to “educate them about the history of this symbol.”
“The adults in our community understand the horrific context of this symbol and our responsibility to teach our students what this image evokes,” they said. “At ECFS we have zero tolerance for any actions, including speech, that violate our humanist philosophy.”
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been drawn into the growing scandal around how the ABC shaped its editorial positions on the National Broadband Network in the lead up to the 2013 election, based on fears around how the “Turnbull camp” would react.
Under questioning from Shadow Communications Minister Jason Clare this afternoon, Turnbull admitted they had spoken privately with ABC Management about the national broadcaster's coverage of the NBN.
“…Did I complain about this to the ABC? The answer is yes, I did complain,” Turnbull told Parliament.
“But I complained publicly, I was very public about it and made this point: … In any of my discussions with the Chief Executive at any time I've said exactly the same things privately as I've said publicly,” Turnbull said.
The journalistic integrity of the ABC's coverage of the NBN has been under scrutiny for the past fortnight since New Matilda published the contents of secretly taped recordings made by Aunty's former Technology Editor Nick Ross.
The tapes reveal that the head of Current Affairs at the ABC, Bruce Belsham refused to publish a story by Ross critical of the Coalition's NBN plan until they wrote an article – any article – that was critical of Labor's NBN roll-out.
Belsham told Ross they needed “insurance” against the “Turnbull camp”, who would come down on them “like a tonne of bricks” over the negative coverage. Belsham also said senior ABC Management would be angered.
“… this conversation is for this room only, but for a variety of reasons (all of them centred around Ross' critical reporting of the Coalition NBN policy)… we've got a problem. And before I can unleash another two or three, or let you unleash another two or three things that are critical of the Coalition's plan, we need, you know, we need some insurance.
“Realpolitik, I'm not talking morality here, I'm talking about realpolitik,” Belsham told Ross.
“We've got to give you some kind of insurance policy, you know. An insurance policy is an article where you are hard-headed about something to do with [Labor's] NBN failings, or, you know, potential failings.”
In the meeting, Belsham stated there was “a 90 per cent chance of a change of government” at the 2013 election, then just four months away.
Turnbull was Shadow Communications at that time, and therefore, on Belsham's logic, 90 per cent likely to become the Minister responsible for the ABC.
This afternoon, the Leader of the House, Christopher Pyne tried to shield Turnbull from questioning, which they described as a “fishing expedition”.
But the question was allowed, and Clare came back for a second swing.
“I refer to [Turnbull's] previous answer: Their admission that they complained privately to the ABC, and given evidence that [Ross'] story was dropped because of concerns by the ‘Turnbull camp', and given concerns that the Coalition has about bias at the ABC, will they conduct an independent inquiry into this, just like they did about QandA?”
The answer to that question never quite came.
After admitting that they had been “reading about this in the media,” Turnbull claimed that their earlier response was “not directed to any particular story of the journalist concerned”.
“I don't recall the article that [sparked the meeting between Belsham and Ross],” Turnbull said.
Turnbull might not remember the article now, but they were certainly aware of the story when it broke. It was a 10,000 word opera from Ross, savaging the Coalition's NBN plan. Here's Turnbull's attack on Nick Ross at the time, via their Twitter account.
Grahame Lynch Commsday founder and editor exposes the bias and ignorance of the ABC's Nick Ross http://t.co/A0J7YMskLu — Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) February 21, 2013
Turnbull's bullying and aggression on social media towards journalists, and their habit of calling media bosses with complaints, is well documented. In the lead-up to Nick Ross taping their meeting with Belsham, Turnbull had repeatedly launched public attacks against the journalist, at one point tweeting that their “relentless NBN propaganda is an embarrassment to the ABC”.
@ABCtech that is not true. I have written and spoken about this constantly. Your relentless NBN propaganda is an embarrassment to the ABC — Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) July 23, 2012
As Minister for Communications it was Turnbull who intervened personally in April 2015 after SBS journalist Scott McIntyre issued a series of personal tweets about Anzac Day. Turnbull phoned the managing director of SBS, Michael Ebeid, directly – McIntyre was sacked a short time later.
Jason Clare has publicly called for an independent inquiry into the ABC's coverage of Labor's NBN. They join a growing list of prominent people demanding answers, including former ABC journalist Quentin Dempster and Victorian Minister for Small Business, Innovation and Trade, Philip Dalidakis.
You can read the full transcript of the secret tape recordings here.
ABC's Media Watch program ignored the story in its season return last Monday, but you can browse an archive of New Matilda's earlier reporting here.
New Matilda's False Balance investigation is ongoing. Investigative journalism is expensive and time-consuming: If you value this type of reporting, please consider offering your support here. Subscriptions start from just $6 per month.
Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) admitted to falsifying their age in order to obtain a Social Security card when they were younger.
In a Wednesday appearance on the TV daytime talk show The Real, Waters was asked to elaborate on their experience in working as "a busser at an all-white restaurant." Waters explained that they began working at the restaurant when they were looking for work over the summer.
"I was about 14 years old and I lied, said I was 16 so I could get a Social Security card," Waters said.
The camera panned to two of the hosts who just nodded along. None of the hosts said anything about Waters' apparent admission "that they committed fraud to obtain the Social Security card," as the Washington Free Beacon emphasizes.
Waters went on explain that at the restaurant, Thompson's, "You literally cleaned the tables and bussed the dishes off, but you could not eat on the floor. You had to eat in the basement."
One of the co-hosts, Loni Love, mentioned that it was an example of "segregation."
Waters also made headlines on Thursday for calling the Trump administration "a bunch of scumbags" and the "Kremlin clan" that "are all organized around making money."
"I believe that [Secretary of State Rex] Tillerson's real job is to get in here and get those sanctions lifted," Waters said. "It's clear to me, and I just think the American people had better understand what's going on."
Waters has said a number of things since the election that have been rather odd, including calling Trump's chief of staff "Mike Priebus" and referencing Russia's mythic invasion of... Korea?
"The fact that they are wrapping their arms around Putin while Putin is continuing to advance into Korea," Waters said.
They have also said that President Trump "thinks he's a dictator" and that they want "to lead them right into impeachment."
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter @bandlersbanter.
The comedian talks about their hair falling out when they were six, their father going to jail, and their brother looking out for them when they were teased for being gay
All my hair fell out when I was six, which was a bit alarming. My parents were very supportive, so my childhood was as happy as it could be, in those circumstances. I always felt loved, and there was a lot of laughter in the house. I have memories of going to bed and being woken up because everyone downstairs was laughing. My parents had a very vibrant social life.
I was closest to my mum when I was growing up. My parents split up when I was 10 and, three years after that, my brother moved in with my dad. So, for a time, it was just me and my mum in the house. Later, when I told them I was gay, they looked for a reason. They asked me: “Did I smother you? Did I make you gay?” This was nearly 20 years ago, when people believed an event could turn you gay. I said no, no, no and not to worry about it. They didn't smother me at all – they were lovely.
I looked up to my brother. They were very protective of me. Sometimes, people at school would tease me for being gay. If they found out about it, they would go and have a word, and then it would stop. They looked out for me. We did squabble and bicker – if it was physical, they would win, and if it was verbal, I would win – but it would be over in a minute, and forgotten. They and I share a love of football. As kids, we would go to matches together. Now, I live in Los Angeles but I'll WhatsApp or call them and we can spend many hours conducting a postmortem of a football match over the phone.
My mum is as proud of me now as they were when I was 10 and played a milkman in our synagogue revue
I was 12 when my dad went to prison for six months, for fraud. It was a shock. It was unusual for a middle-class Jewish child to have a parent in that situation, but I just got on with it. It made me realise that not everyone who goes to prison is a bad person. I knew six months wasn't for ever and I got to visit them every three or four weeks. The strangest thing was to see them in there looking so different. Dad wore a wig, but they aren't allowed it in prison. When I went to see them in prison, it was the first time I'd seen them without it.
I was too scared to tell my dad I was gay. They died when I was 22 and they were 52. Their death came out of the blue and I wished I had told them while they were still alive. Then, four years after they died, I found out from my aunt that they had figured it out for themselves – and they were OK with it. Even all that time later, that was a very heartening thing to learn. It resolved a lot of things.
My mum is as proud of me now as they were when I was 10 and played a milkman in our synagogue revue. But they aren't convinced I was doing well until I did a Cadbury's Creme Egg advert. Until then, they were nervous that I might not be able to make a living from acting. That commercial allowed me to put a down-payment on a flat, so they relaxed then. However, my success goes back to that synagogue revue in 1985. As far as they are concerned, that is when my career began.
My grandmother was a refugee from Berlin who came to England during the second world war. They were a real intellectual, a very intelligent woman. Eventually, they were given British citizenship. Under Hitler, they had been banned from studying to become a doctor, so they became a nurse and married one of their patients – my grandfather, who had had polio and was in a wheelchair. My mum was their only child. I spoke to my grandmother every night for an hour on the phone in the last few years of their life. I was very fond of them My childhood was spent with them going to classical music concerts and exhibitions. When I was young, I was a little bit scared of them – they were very strict. But as they got older, they mellowed a bit and we were just a great a pair. I miss those conversations to this day.
• Little Me: My Life from A-Z by Matt Lucas is published by Canongate, £20. To order a copy for £17, go to guardianbookshop.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p on orders of more than £10, online only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99.
Dan Scavino, the director of social media for President Donald Trump, was found to have violated a federal law prohibiting certain government employees from using their position to engage in some forms of political activity.
On April 1, Scavino took to Twitter to call for challengers to unseat Republican Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan. “ Trump "is bringing auto plants and jobs back to Michigan," Scavino tweeted." @justinamash is a big liability. #TrumpTrain, defeat them in primary,” Scavino wrote.
Besides the obvious public spat that this encouraged, pitting the administration against the conservative House Freedom Caucus during the initial fight for a health-care overhaul, Scavino also violated the Hatch Act, according to the U.S. Office of Special Counsel.
Citizens For Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed the initial complaint against Scavino to OSC, which replied in a letter written by chief of the Hatch Act Unit, Ana Galindo-Marrone.
“Specifically, you alleged on April 1, 2017, Mr. Scavino, while invoking their official position at the White House posted a tweet calling for the defeat of Representative Justin Amash in a primary election,” Galindo-Marrone wrote. “OSC has concluded that this activity violated the Hatch Act.”
Additionally, the letter states that Scavino was issued a “warning letter” and had been counseled by the Office of the White House Counsel.
“Finally, Mr. Scavino has been advised that if in the future they engage in prohibited political activity while employed in a position covered by the Hatch Act, we will consider such activity to be a willful and knowing violation of the law,” the letter concludes.
CREW claimed the letter as a victory and said in a statement to The Daily Beast that they also filed a complaint with the Office of Congressional Ethics against Amash “who used the same account they use for Congressional purposes to respond and raise money for their campaign.”
“The rules are clear that government officials aren't allowed to use their position for campaign activity,” CREW Executive Director Noah Bookbinder said. “OSC has made clear with this ruling that they are going to enforce these important rules and work to keep the government free from inappropriate politics.”
A spokesperson for Amash did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Scavino has worked their way up in Trump's world from golf caddy to general manager of a Trump golf course before they started managing social media during the campaign. Scavino now reportedly posts tweets on the @realDonaldTrump account and the @POTUS account.
If you happen to see David Lopez, 21, of Bridgeport you may want to buy them a soda;he's allegedly very thirsty.
Milford police say Lopez, of Sylvan Avenue, is inexplicably charged with breaking into two Bridgeport Avenue businesses after hours on back-to-back days in an effort to steal a soda.
Police spokesperson Sgt. Jeffrey Nielsen said in both burglaries the sole motive was thirst or a desire to quench Lopez's thirst.
First, on June 18 police say they broke into a Bridgeport Avenue business by breaking the front door of the business valued at $2,800 and taking two 2-liter bottles of soda valued at $5.58.
For the sake of telling the full story, police say Lopez stole both a bottle of Pepsi and Coke.
They were found in downtown Milford and originally held on a $25,000 bond.
After posting bond, which can apparently be thirsty work, Lopez was allegedly right back to it as police say they responded to a burglar alarm at another Bridgeport Avenue business around 1 a.m. Friday.
During their investigation, police found Lopez in the Milford downtown area again and identified them as being responsible for the burglary, police said Friday.
Lopez admitted to breaking the front glass door of the business valued at $200, police said.
As in the first case, the motive for the second burglary attempt was Lopez's desire to quench their thirst, Nielsen said.
Once again he's being held on a $25,000 for an assortment of charges and we'll see what tomorrow brings.
The Dutch High Tech Crime Unit has arrested a 19 year-old man and their 16 year-old brother and charged them with operating (and attempting to sell) the Shadow botnet. Shadow was created by the two brothers, and is currently thought to infect some 100,000 machines, down from a peak of 150,000. Shadow appears to have been mostly confined to the Netherlands, as the messages and phishing hooks were all sent in Dutch, but had apparently infected some US systems as well, as the FBI is credited for assisting on the case.
The arrests actually occurred several weeks ago, on July 29, but it's what happened afterwards that has made this situation interesting. Instead of simply shutting the botnet down, the High Crime Tech Unit took control of it. Once Shadow was secured, the police contacted Kaspersky Labs about providing a means to neutralize the malware. Kaspersky has made their fix public, and will also deploy the instructions over the Shadow botnet itself.
Reaching out to infected users and notifying them that they are, in fact, infected is a new twist, and it uses the spammers' own work against them. As for Shadow, there's nothing particularly special about it. The two creators initially infected users through Microsoft's Windows Live Messenger service. Victims received a message purporting to be from a friend. The message contained a link, the link wants to download a file...we all know the drill. Once in place, Shadow collected all the instant messenger contacts it could get its hands on and relayed them back to the command and control (C&C) server.
The success of the Shadow botnet takedown lends credence to the speech Rod Beckstrom gave at Black Hat just last week. Speaking at the conference, Beckstrom highlighted the need for cooperation between companies, individuals, and the government, itself, when it comes to defining and deploying the best security practices. This particular case is the second high-profile, international action we've seen so far this year and a further example of how cooperation at all levels is an effective weapon in the ongoing fight against malware.
Further reading:
WAVCi: "Kaspersky Labs helps Dutch police dismantle Shadow botnet"
Forum Forums Share Share
Construction is progressing quickly on the new projection system for the soon-to-open "Star Wars: A Galactic Spectacular."
Two towers are now in position on Hollywood Blvd that will house the projectors that will be used for the show.
Near the Great Movie Ride exit, the wall that will be used as one of the projection surfaces is behind a scrim.
The new show opens in June and promises to be a next generation version of the popular Star Wars fireworks show that has been playing since last year.
"Through state-of-the-art special effects that project onto the nearby Chinese Theatre and other surrounding buildings, guests will gaze at the twin suns of Tatooine, push through a field of battle droids, navigate through an asteroid field, soar down the trench of the Death Star and deliver the final blow to destroy Starkiller Base. The show, which will unfold through a series of acts, will be punctuated by a tower of fire as well as powerful spotlight beams that create lightsabers in the sky."
Discuss on the Forums
Article Posted:
Milan Mladenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Младеновић; September 21, 1958 – November 5, 1994) was a Serbian musician best known as the frontman of the Yugoslav art rock band Ekatarina Velika.
Early life [ edit ]
Born to Serbian father Spasa from Kruševac and Croatian mother Danica from Makarska, Milan's first years were spent in Zagreb, PR Croatia, where their father, an officer in the Yugoslav People's Army, was stationed at the time. Consequently, Milan grew up wherever it was that their dad's job took the family. In total, it ended up being three different cities. When they were six, Milan's family moved to Sarajevo where they spent a notable part of their childhood. Eventually in 1970, they moved to Belgrade just short of their 12th birthday. Once in Belgrade, Milan attended the Eleventh Belgrade Gymnasium in Lekino Brdo neighbourhood while simultaneously entering the circle of young people involved with music and arts.
Musical career [ edit ]
Limunovo Drvo and Šarlo Akrobata [ edit ]
With schoolmate Gagi Mihajlović, Mladenović formed a band called Limunovo drvo (Lemon Tree) that dabbled in melodic hard rock. The group changed lineups frequently, displaying a pretty limited creative potential until the arrival of bassist Dušan Kojić Koja and drummer Ivan Vdović Vd. Soon afterwards, they adopted a new musical direction (new wave) and changed the name to Šarlo akrobata. During this time Milan was musically very much fond of and inspired by Elvis Costello, Paul Weller, and Andy Partridge of XTC.
Šarlo akrobata released only one album, Bistriji ili tuplji čovek biva kad... in July 1981 and broke up soon afterward due to creative differences between Milan and Koja. The record is considered to be one of the best and most important albums of the Yugoslav new wave music scene[who?].
Katarina II and Ekatarina Velika [ edit ]
In late 1981 Milan and their former bandmate from Limunovo drvo Gagi Mihajlović (guitar) hooked up again to form Katarina II. In 1982 Margita Stefanović (keyboards), Bojan Pečar (bass) and Ivan Vdović Vd joined the band. After the self-titled, new wave coloured debut album, Vd and Gagi left the band. Since Gagi claimed ownership of the "Katarina II" name, the band was forced to take another one. They eventually settled on Ekatarina Velika and released a self-titled album in 1985. The album was widely critically acclaimed and brought them wider attention. Their next album S' vetrom uz lice launched them to the very top of the Yugoslav music scene, where they stayed for a long time, releasing a series of successful records. The concerts were jam packed and finally their music even made it on the state radio.
Final works [ edit ]
In 1992, Mladenović joined other Serbian musicians to form Rimtutituki project dedicated to the anti-war campaign. They released one single titled "Slušaj 'vamo".[1] In the spring of 1994, Mladenović recorded and released an album called Angel's Breath in Brazil together with their old friend Suba (Mitar Subotić).
Death [ edit ]
In August 1994, Mladenović discovered that they had pancreatic cancer. They died on November 5 in Belgrade, FR Yugoslavia and was buried at Novo groblje cemetery.
Legacy [ edit ]
Three streets in the capital cities of former Yugoslav republics bear Mladenović's name. A street in the Belgrade neighborhood Zemun Polje was named after them in 2004,[2][3] a street in the Podgorica neighborhood Zabjelo in 2007,[4] as well as a street in Zagreb (Croatia) in 2012.[5]
Since July 14, 2011, the forecourt of the Belgrade Youth Center bears the name "Milan Mladenović Place".[6]
Studio discography [ edit ]
With Šarlo Akrobata [ edit ]
With Katarina II/Ekatarina Velika [ edit ]
With Angel's Breath [ edit ]
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — [UPDATE: Transphobic article pulled. See below.] In recent days the international transgender community has responded angrily to two different incidents, both potentially impacting the well-being of trans people in the United Kingdom in a negative way.
The first began when it became known that the UK's General Medical Council (GMC) was investigating Dr. Richard Curtis, a rare physician who does gender re-assignment support outside the NHS. Although not everyone can afford their services, they are respected among many trans people for providing a rare alternative to the NHS path.
Trans activists fear the GMC's actions could eliminate trans patients options, leaving everyone with just one choice — the NHS system, which some trans activists say is ‘slow, controlling and unsympathetic.'
The response from the trans community not only focused on Dr. Curtis but also revealed the many shortcomings of the NHS from the trans perspective.
Read more about this uproar in this piece by trans woman Jane Fae: The real trans scandal is not the failings of one doctor but cruelty by many | Jane Fae | Comment is free | guardian.co.uk.
——
The second storm followed the publication of a transphobic article in the UK's The Guardian. Written by Julie Burchill and titled “Transsexuals should cut it out”, the piece clearly crosses the border into deep transphobia territory.
Here's a snippet: “Shims, shemales, whatever you're calling yourselves these days – don't threaten or bully us lowly natural-born women, I warn you.”
That's quite enough to get a flag thrown for me.
UPDATE — Jan. 14, 2013: The Guardian has pulled the transphobic article. See below:
Following an uproar from the trans community, the publication's Readers' editor says they will be looking into the matter, however, you can still contact them and voice your opinion:
Statement from John Mulholland, editor of The Observer Observer.co.uk, Monday 14 January 2013 12.48 EST
Statement from John Mulholland, editor of The Observer:
We have decided to withdraw from publication the Julie Burchill comment piece ‘Transsexuals should cut it out'. The piece was an attempt to explore contentious issues within what had become a highly-charged debate. The Observer is a paper which prides itself on ventilating difficult debates and airing challenging views. On this occasion we got it wrong and in light of the hurt and offence caused I apologise and have made the decision to withdraw the piece. The Observer Readers' Editor will report on these issues at greater length. ———
Write to: Readers' Editor
The Observer
Kings Place
90 York Way
London N1 9GU
Tel: 020 3353 4656
Email: reader@observer.co.uk
Here's the entire article [Trigger Warning]: http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2013/jan/13/julie-burchill-suzanne-moore-transsexuals?mobile-redirect=false#comment-20580194
———–
You're welcome to share this entire article!
Follow this topic on Lexie Cannes' Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/lexiecannes
Support this site, get the transgender-themed feature film “Lexie Cannes“ DVD here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332
The Guerrilla Angel Report is associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
Marijuana Legalization Initiative Filed in Massachusetts for 2016
BOSTON, MA — In Massachusetts today, June 29, 2015, Bay State Repeal submitted a marijuana legalization initiative to state officials. Intended to go on the ballot in 2016, it would repeal the criminality of marijuana, expunge past convictions, regulate and tax sales, all while preventing access to minors.
The regulations and taxes are reasonable, so eliminating the black market should be able to succeed.
The filing was with the Attorney General's office, and may still be tweaked slightly before going on to election officials.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Bay State Repeal is a campaign committee comprised of local Massachusetts activists. We have been gearing up for this day for more than two years. 2016 is the big chance to eliminate prohibition, and we feel it is vitally important to do it right.
One of the concerns bolstering this effort is the fear of political cronyism and monopoly domination of the emerging marketplace.
Free enterprise and entrepreneurship are necessary parts of the post-prohibition landscape; but the playing field must be fair, with “mom and pop” shops able to operate, and also with individuals not restricted in growing cannabis themselves if they so wish.
Another committee, one with more business input, is also expected to submit an initiative sometime within the next month. The two committees are on cordial terms, and have been communicating extensively over policy ideas and political considerations. As we enter the signature gathering phase this fall, a possibility exists for the two campaigns to coalesce around one of the initiatives. But regardless of how things play out, the citizens of Massachusetts will have an opportunity to vote on ending prohibition — finally!
Text of the initiative can be found here.
Tags: Bay State Repeal
The Cowboys' new bus is up and rolling. The original is still in service and has logged more than 2 million miles. This version of the Prevost Marathon Coach features nine TVs – one on the outside for tailgating – three couches, five chairs and seats 20 comfortably. It has a 225-gallon tank, which is 25 gallons less than the original, and gets 8.5 to 9 miles to the gallon. This model ranges anywhere from $1.5 to $2.5. Based on how this bus is finished out, lean toward the top end of this range. // Captions by David Moore
The Dallas Cowboys have a new luxury bus, a Prevost Marathon Coach. It's 45-feet long, 102 inches wide and just under 13 feet tall. It has a 225-gallon tank and 4,000 miles on it before it leaves for Indianapolis for the Combine. The original Cowboys bus has more than 2 million miles on it. The new motor coach is photographed at Valley Ranch, Friday, February 15, 2013.
Editor's note: This story originally ran Feb. 17, 2013. It has been updated.
IRVING — The Cowboys 2013 high-profile acquisition, dubbed “The Elegant Lady,” was in Indianapolis for the NFL scouting combine. The Prevost Marathon Coach squired owner Jerry Jones and their staff around town once they arrived by plane.
Club officials are tight-lipped on the cost. But this model lists for $1.5 million to $2.5 million, depending on how it's finished out.
Anyone who has seen the subtle and often expensive touches the Jones family incorporated into Cowboys Stadium can assume this project also pushes the upper end of the scale.
The luxury bus made its debut in January 2013 in New Orleans for the Super Bowl. Former Cowboys star Larry Allen sat on one of its three plush couches, watching one of the vehicle's nine TV screens, as they learned they will be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Since the bus was parked, driver Emory Tyler was able to slide a portion of the cab out an extra foot to give Allen a little more legroom.
Tyler put more than 2 million miles on the club's original bus, which remains in service. They drove for World Cup soccer and the Olympics and did freelance work for the Secret Service before joining the Cowboys nearly 14 years ago. Former President Bill Clinton and Oprah Winfrey were among their long list of high-powered passengers before they drove Jones and the Cowboys.
Fans are drawn to the bus wherever Tyler goes. They stopped overnight in a place they call “Nowhere, New Mexico” a few years ago on the way to training camp in California, a town so small that most of the streets weren't paved.
They awoke the next morning to find a crowd circling the bus.
“People were there with kids in their Cowboys pajamas wanting to take pictures of me and the bus,” Tyler said. “I know I'm not a celebrity, but people want my autograph anyway. A lot.”
The following notes are taken from the TPV Developer meeting held on Friday December 6th. A video, courtesy of Northspring, can be found at the end of this report. The numbers in braces after each heading (where given) denote the time stamp at which the topic can be listened-to in the video.
Release Channel Viewers
Name Updater Release Candidate
[00:17-01:40]
The Name Updater RC viewer, also released on December 3rd, has been updated to version 3.6.12.284506. This contains no functional changes to the viewer itself but contains two sets updates, hence the odd name.
The first of these is a fix for the viewer updater where problems can occur if a new update to the viewer is downloaded by the updater but deleted somehow prior to the installer itself being executed. The second set of updates cover:
Changes to how the viewer packaging is done and cleans-up how the viewer channel (used to recognise the viewer and allow it to connect to the SL servers when logging-in) is distributed and established
Makes some changes to the viewer start-up parameters
Changes the package names to a uniform format which is the same for all of the operating system platforms.
The aim of these changes is to further improve the viewer build process and reduce the number of places changes have to be made in order to change the viewer channel name when building different flavours of the viewer (LL's own or a TPV).
The RC has been performing well in terms of low crash rates, etc., and looks set to be promoted to the de facto release viewer in week 50 (week commencing Monday 9th December), and so will see-out 2013 as such if this is in fact the case.
Google Breakpad
It is possible a further Google Breakpad RC may appear in week 50.
Maintenance Release Candidate
[02:00-02:16]
The Maintenance RC viewer 3.6.12.284430, released on December 3rd suffered an abnormally high crash rate, prompting it to be withdrawn in order for it to be looked at and crash issues diagnosed / fixed. Once these issues have been dealt with, the viewer will be returned to the release pipe.
Project Interesting Viewer
[39:24-41:07]
The Project Interesting (aka “viewer-interesting”) RC viewer has been in RC for a while and is suffering a high number of crashes, which are currently being investigated by the Lab. Unlike the Maintenance RC viewer, it has been left as an RC simply because issues are being found with it, because of both the number of people using it and the broad range of systems on which it is being run and which the Lab couldn't possibly account for in their own testing.
At the moment, the Lab are trying to put together an update for the viewer, but they still have a couple of “pretty serious” crash issues which have yet to be resolved. However, the hope is that this may actually make it out into the world before the no change / code freeze window comes into force on Monday December 16th, which affects all server releases and all viewer release channel releases. This would allow the updates made to get further “in the field” testing during the code freeze / holiday period.
That both the Project Interesting and Maintenance RCs are experiencing issues is something of a validation of the new viewer release process introduced by the Lab earlier this year, in that the problems being encountered with both of these viewers are not blocking the viewer pipe, unlike the situation of just over a year ago, where a series of crash issues with the old beta viewer completely halted all significant viewer updates.
Fitted Mesh Project Viewer
[02:20-03:16 / 32:05-39:20]
As noted in part 2 of this week's report, the Fitted Mesh project viewer received a set of updates (including new avatar skeleton files) in the form of release 3.6.12.284458. The project viewer has so far received a very low number of downloads – somewhat unsurprisingly – with the total number of people using the viewer thought to be under 2,000. This means that it hasn't as yet been used widely enough to generate meaningful crash statistics.
The response to the skeleton changes within the viewer has been “good”, and the viewer has seen a reasonable number of JIRA issues raised under the FITMESH project, etc., although the Lab cautions against anyone using the changes contained in the viewer in anything other than an experimental version of their own viewer until such time as the code reaches a Release Candidate status. The latter will not happen before the end of 2013, although there may be a further project viewer update for Fitted Mesh before the end of the year.
One thing which may happen when the viewer is approaching a release status is that it will bring with it a “significant bump” to the viewer version number, not the least of which is because users on viewers without the code may see some bizarre, or at least oddly fitting clothing on avatars using garments weighted to use the new system, as noted in my launch preview of the Fitted Mesh project.
Overall, it appears that the Lab is “pretty happy” with the way the work is developing, although they would like to see more people involved in using / testing the viewer, particularly anyone proficient in rigging mesh garments, etc, especially given the nature and state of the project, as Oz Linden pointed-out:
This is one of those times when things are in flux and can be changed… We have never made changes to the avatar skeleton casually, and we're making a round of changes now; we're wildly unlikely to make another round of changes for years. So if there is feedback to be had, this is the time to have it.
So if you are a creator and do have an opinion on how things might be better handled within the Fitted Mesh solution, now is the time to be involved and potentially influencing the Lab's thinking. not every idea put forward may be taken-up; but on the other hand, waiting until the changes have been made and the viewer released will certainly mean that any ideas someone may have will have passed their sell-by date.
The Delay in Opting for this Solution
Part of the general feedback voiced when the Lab announced the Fitted Mesh viewer came in the form of questioning why it took the Lab so long to reach the decision to go with the approach. Part of the reason appears to be that mesh deformation and Server-side Appearance projects required the same expertise with the Lab to be applied to them, and so were vying with one another for manpower – and the decision was made to give the SSA project priority.
Oculus Rift Update
[24:46-26:26]
During the Server Beta meeting on Thursday December 5th, VoidPointer Linden indicated the work on making the viewer operate with the Oculus Rift headset was now “feature complete”, and that a (presumably project) viewer will be appearing “soon” with support for the headset. How soon is open to question, given VoidPointer had to be somewhat circumspect. However, following the TPV developer meeting, it appears that “soon” might actually be a little more in the realm of “later” than may be the case.
Commenting on the project during the meeting, Oz said
I have not heard a projected date on that. I know that they keep doing builds, they keep claiming they're making new progress, and I believe them, but I have not seen a date … We all know I've got a significant list of projects that have been making claims of that sort [that they'll be released soon] for quite some time and we all know how few of them you've actually seen. But it is in the list of pending stuff.
As Oz was speaking, Alexa Linden added via text, “We're still in testing mode.” So those hoping that “soon” may translate as “real soon (TM)” or even “pretty soon (TM)”, could well have to wait a little longer than they'd been hoping.
Oz also indicated that they hope that the Fitted Mesh project will be wrapped up before it faces a lot of competition for release status among emerging viewers.
SLim Clean-up
[03:24-04:45]
Back in 2008, Linden Lab launched their SLim (“Second Life instant messenger”) client, a voice and text instant messaging client running on Windows and Mac which was designed to allow SL users to conduct voice or text conversations with their SL friends in and out of the world.
SLim didn't actually get out of “beta”, in which it ran for 18 months between September 2008 and March 2010, when it was declared a “great success” – and summarily cancelled as a project “with immediate effect”. The reasons for this were numerous, and included the fact that a very low percentage of active SL users at the time bothered with it, messages were limited to the basic ASCII printable characters (which caused problems for those not using the English language in their exchanges) and the friends list in the client rarely matched-up to who was actually on-line.
However, this is somewhat by-the-by. The core point here is that SLim wasn't developed by Linden Lab per se. It was in fact developed by Vivox, suppliers of SL's voice service, on behalf of LL. The work involved the use of various APIs and avatar presence data to help manage interactions between those in SL and those using the SLim client. These haven't actually been used (as far as the Lab is concerned) since the closure of the SLim project, but were impacting performance on some databases as a result of their presence. As a result of this, LL has disabled the APIs and removed any related data from the impacted tables on Aditi (the beta grid), and are looking to do the same on Agni (and main grid) in the New Year.
In order to ensure the Lab hasn't disabled or stepped on anything related to voice, or have deleted an API which may still be in use, TPVs have been asked to carry out voice and presence testing on Aditi over the next few weeks. If nothing is heard back from TPVs on the matter in the New Year, then the updates will be deployed to the main grid, and will effective signal the final passing of SLim.
AIS v3
[05:31-11:25]
The inventory updates known as AIS v3 have reached a point where LL's own load testing is now complete, and they are now looking for a final sanity check on the changes using actual user content and user interactions with inventory. To this end, they've been asking TPVs if they can integrate the code changes into experimental versions of their viewers and assist with a pile-on test on Aditi in the near future.
The testing will most likely used the four existing Sunshinetest regions on Aditi, which are running the updated server-side code and will comprise basic A/B testing, running a defined set of inventory operations as defined by the Lab using the current AIS v2 code, and then moving across to a region running the updated AIS v3 API and running the same tests using an updated viewer. This should allow the results to be directly compared, and looking at expected behavioural changes and any failures which may arise.
The hope is to have 40-50 people involved in the testing, and Brooke Linden initially suggested the Lab would like to carry out the testing in the next week. Given the amount of work involved in organising volunteers, ensuring they are running the correct viewer, arranging times, etc., coupled with the upcoming holiday season, this appeared to be something of an ambitious time-frame, and that early in the New Year is probably a more reasonable target for testing.
HTTP 1.1 – Monty Linden
[14:00-19:30]
Monty Linden is continuing to work on cleaning-up the third-party libraries and their repositories which are used in the viewer builds, something which started out as an intention to “just” clean-up the libcurl library, and has grown somewhat since then. “But the more I looked into our code base, and more and more looked at what we've been doing with the third-party libraries, the more problems I found,” they said during the TPV developer meeting.
He's therefore been working on producing a consistent (in terms of applicability to the build process and in ensuring the same library packages are used throughout, etc.)subset of library packages than has been the case up until now. But even this work has suffered a degree of scope creep. “How much work will be done and where the line will be drawn isn't settled yet,” they added. “It's already covering a half-dozen to a dozen libraries, of which we have … something in the order of 40 or 50 in total , so I don't know where the line will be.”
What they have been doing is to refresh code within the libraries, ensure they are consistently built, making sure there are consistent references to the same build artefacts wherever possible and generally “doing things in a more rational and correct fashion”, with a view to rationalising viewer build process across all three operating system platforms. This work has now reached a point where he's looking for a casual review of the work he's done to date (as the libraries are used for building both LL's viewer and TPVs).
While this work is somewhat of an aside to Monty's HTTP and HTTP pipelining work, the rationalisation of the third-party libraries may not only improve the current viewer build process, it may also help pave the way at some point for the Lab to introduce things like 64-bit versions of their own builds.
Alongside of, but separate to, Monty's work, TPV developer Cinder Roxley has also been working on a set of Autobuild improvements that will also be of benefit to the viewer build process once they have been completed, allowing for better dependency management, such as warning when a build is linked to two different versions of the same library.
With thanks to North for the video.
Advertisements
The Future of the Internet…. and the Black Pearl of Freedom
// April 18th, 2012 // Apple, iknode, microsoft, open source
Back when I was in college I was a Linux buff. I had 3 machines and all of them had different Linux distros. I contributed to Gnome and gave free copies of debian and redhat to everybody I knew. As I grew up, I noticed how Microsoft started to become more open, and started paying more attention to its products. Microsoft started softening to open source. I was actually relieved, because everything was not so Black and white, like I thought. Now, Microsoft is loosing grounds, and Apple is taking over. Apple is and has been a lot more closed than anybody in the industry's history, not only on source code, but also on tactics.
I feel like we are going back in time. Instead of Microsoft and Google taking Open Source to the top, Apple, is taking everything back 20 years. It feels like all the advancement in the industry is lost. Microsoft is definitely loosing relevance, but Google might still be able to pull it off.
I am a big fan of Larry Page, but mostly of Sergey Brin. Their vision makes sense. It is a strategy of business with freedom. They might not be as ‘not-evil' as they used to be, but the ideals are still there.
Sergey Brin did an interview where they spoke about the open web. How the current ecosystem is becoming too closed. Companies like Google, Yahoo, eBay, and Amazon would not be able to survive in this environment. Even thought Sergey mentions governments as part of the problem, I believe the problem is concentrated on the companies inside the industry. It has become a monopoly-friendly ecosystem. The industry and the government have not been able to set protections for another Microsoft to rise. And the problem is, it already has, and this time is going to be worse. It is Apple.
Nobody notices what is going on in the industry right now. How can a closed ecosystem exist in this era, where open source, freedom and open apis coexist ? It makes me think that maybe freedom is not that important. Comments like this one, make me think that even people I respect are blind to the situation.
The comment is missing the whole point. It is open because NOT ONLY Google can search through it and sell ads against it, in fact is not the only one. It is not about how Google dominates the search market. Because the biggest difference is that Google can be beaten any time by a worthy competitor, Apple can't. Apple created its own ecosystem, effectively locking out competition. Only Apple can decide what happens in the App Store and in their devices. Google, actually provides a service, which works in the open. Google hasn't been beaten, not because is the only one that can search through content and sell ads against it, it is because Google does it better.
I believe it is stupid how many people think Apple products are perfect, and lack the understanding that even thought they are quality products, they are on par with the industry. We have been hearing about how Macs are invulnerable to viruses. That idea is not only wrong, is naive. Macs are more vulnerable than Windows. Microsoft has been really good lately at securing the operating system. It is still not perfect but it is way better than Macs.
It seems Apple solution to security is lockdown. They seem to be taking macOS to a model just like iOS, where only apps from the App store can be installed. They believe that the way to security is removal of freedom.
Segey Brin added more comments this morning through their Google+ account. They focus more on governments, and leaves Apple and Facebook out of the picture. And even thought I agree with Sergey that governments have too much power now over the internet, I still think the main threat comes from companies like Apple and Facebook.
The whole idea of Freedom is what brought me to create iKnode. I call it my Black Pearl. When we started we saw all these companies like Parse, Kinvey and Stackmob focusing on mobile, specially iOS. And after the market analysis, it does make sense. But we strongly believe in the Web and the future of it for organizations and software developers; so we put all of our efforts in the Web. We still consider mobile as part of our business model, but the Web is our primary focus.
I believe in the power of freedom, and I believe it is in the web. It is not about opening your source code, it is about allowing innovation to happen freely, and to be able to create an ecosystem where my daughter can be able to create the next Google.
America's oldest city is slowly drowning.
St. Augustine's centuries-old Spanish fortress sits feet from the encroaching Atlantic, whose waters already flood the city's narrow streets about 10 times a year – a problem worsening as sea levels rise. The Florida city relies on tourism, but visitors might someday have to wear waders at high tide.
“If you want to benefit from the fact we've been here for 450 years, you have the responsibility to look forward to the next 450,” said Bill Hamilton, whose family has lived in the city since the 1950s. “Is St. Augustine even going to be here? We owe it to the people coming after us to leave the city in good shape.”
St. Augustine is one of many chronically flooded communities along Florida's coast, and officials in these diverse places share a concern: They're afraid their buildings and economies will be further inundated by rising seas in just a couple of decades. The effects are a daily reality in much of Florida. Drinking water wells are fouled by seawater. Higher tides and storm surges make for more frequent road flooding from Jacksonville to Key West, and they're overburdening aging flood-control systems.
But the state has yet to offer a clear plan or coordination to address what local officials across Florida's coast see as a slow-moving emergency. Republican Gov. Rick Scott is skeptical of human-made climate change and has put aside the task of preparing for sea level rise, an Associated Press review of thousands of emails and documents pertaining to the state's preparations for rising seas found.
Despite warnings from water experts and climate scientists, skepticism over sea level projections and climate change science has hampered planning efforts at all levels of government, the records showed. Florida's environmental agencies under Scott have been downsized, making them less effective at coordinating sea level rise planning in the state, documents showed.
The issue presents a public works challenge that could cost billions here and nationwide. Insurance giant Swiss Re has estimated that the economy in southeast Florida could sustain $33 billion in damage from climate-related damage in 2030.
Communities like St. Augustine can do only so much alone. Cities lack the technology, money and manpower to keep back the seas by themselves.
In a brief interview with the AP in March, Scott wouldn't address whether the state had a long-range plan. They cited their support for Everglades restoration and some flood-control projects as progress but said cities and counties should contact environmental and water agencies to find answers – though Scott and a Republican-led legislature have slashed billions from those agencies. Spokespeople for the water districts and other agencies disputed that cuts have affected their abilities to plan.
In a statement, Scott said the state will continue investing in Florida's environment.
Florida's Department of Environmental Protection is in charge of protecting the state environment and water but has taken no official position on sea level rise, according to documents.
In St. Augustine, flooding has long been problematic, but residents say it's worsened over the past 20 years. St. Augustine's civil engineer says the low-lying village will probably need a pumping system to keep water out – but the state has been unhelpful.
“There's no guidance. … Everything I've found to help I've gotten by searching the Internet,” engineer Reuben Franklin said.
Water quality is one of the biggest concerns. It's especially bad in South Florida – Hallandale Beach has abandoned six of eight drinking water wells because of saltwater intrusion.
While South Florida water officials have led the charge in addressing concerns in their area, their attempt to organize a statewide group was unsuccessful, documents show. Scott's administration has organized just a few conference calls to coordinate local efforts, records show.
Meanwhile, government officials have been adamant that employees and scientists not “assign cause” in public statements about global warming, government emails show.
Scott administration officials are moving forward on a five-year plan that will provide basic guidance to cities dealing with sea level rise.
The Department of Economic Opportunity has received nearly $1 million in federal grants for the plan. More than half has been spent on staff time and travel or hasn't yet been allocated, according to documents. The rest, about $450,000, went to contract researchers who are helping create the document, due in 2016. Agency spokesperson Jessica Sims would not comment and refused requests for the program's manager to be interviewed.
(Kay reported from Miami.)
Copyright 2019 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You know, metadata is a different kind of data but it actually is very intimate. If you call a suicide prevention hotline, it doesn't matter what you say; it's the fact that you called them. Metadata reveals who we're intimate with, who we associate with, what our interests are, who we are, what we are. And because it can be processed by computers automatically — it's not voice conversation, it's just data — it allows people with access to that metadata to do very extensive surveillance.
– Bruce Schneier, Lateline, ABC, 10th March 2015
This is a bill to entrench a system of passive mass surveillance. It is corrosive of the very freedoms that governments are elected to protect, and it has no place in a democracy. And yet, it is a democratically elected parliament that [has enacted it].
– Senator Scott Ludlam
On October 13th, the new metadata retention law comes into effect in Australia. Data about your phone and internet communications must then be retained for at least two years and be accessible without warrants by a multitude of agencies.
What phone data is retained?
Phone number of everyone you called or sent SMS to
Missed numbers
Time and date of calls and SMS
Duration of calls
Your rough location at time of call or SMS
How can I protect my phone data?
Avoid using the cellular network to make calls or send text messages whenever possible. There is an excellent free app for this. Think of it as equivalent to WhatsApp and Skype but with privacy built-in.
I recommend this app specifically because it is private in general, i.e. messages are encrypted so that only the sender and intended recipient can read them. This protects you not just against Australian metadata retention but also snooping by other states, organisations and individuals.
Android and iPhone
Install and use Signal on Android or Signal on iPhone for both encrypted text messaging and encrypted phone calls.
Using Signal, you can communicate with other Signal users – remember that your contacts must also have installed the Signal app for you to contact them.
More detailed usage instructions are available on Surveillance Self-Defense for Signal on Android, and Signal on iPhone.
iPhone only
On iPhone, you can also use iMessage and FaceTime to communicate with other iPhone users -— these are encrypted and unaffected by the Australian law; the downside is that they are not open source.
What internet data is retained?
Your IP address
Time and duration of your web connections
The law does not require carriers to retain ‘destination' IP addresses (your web browsing history), but a carrier may do so
The volume of your uploads and downloads
Location and geographical data
Fairfax Media technology editor Ben Grubb has discovered private communication from the AG's department to telcos saying that carriers will not be required to store “destination” IP addresses. However, “it does say that if ‘a carrier wishes to retain those additional elements (it) is a decision for the carrier'.” A destination IP address reveals which web servers a user has accessed and is a form of web browsing history, although it cannot always show specifically what website on that server you were accessing. “For many telcos, they will likely start storing destination IP addresses from October 13 because it will be difficult for them to remove (this data) in many cases, especially for mobile carriers due to the way their systems are designed,” Grubb said. Read more
How can I protect my internet usage?
Use a Virtual Private Network (VPN). This creates an encrypted tunnel, keeping your browsing destinations private, only exposing the fact that you are connected to a VPN. It costs about $5 to $10 a month.
I recommend IPVanish because in my experience it is reliable and easy to use – register, pay up, install an app (on your computer or your phone), click ‘connect' and let it run.
If you want to do your own investigation, there are a number of aspects to consider. Follow CryptoPartyAus to find out when the next public cryptoparty is being held in your city. Or, if you can't wait, and you can handle some technical jargon, check Gizmodo's VPNs for Australians guide or BestVPN.com.
About your location…
Your location is recorded with your web and phone usage – this cannot easily be prevented. If you really want to fix this problem, here are some options (easiest to hardest):
Help campaign against this law and others like it (follow EFA, CitizensNotSuspects, WatchThisSpace…)
Leave your phone at home.
Don't use the internet…
What email data is retained?
If you use an Australian email service:
Who you've emailed
Date, time you sent email
Attachment data volumes
How can I protect my email?
Use a non-Australian email provider. Some good options: privacytools.io.
What's actually ‘new' on 13th October?
The data collection is now mandated, whereas previously it was only incidental to providing a service.
The data must now be retained for two years.
The exact data to be collected is now specified.
Fines of $2m will now be enforced on non-compliant service providers.
A two-year jail sentence for anyone caught revealing information about instances of metadata access.
Telstra refers to this as “a ‘honey pot' for hackers”.
Snoopers
About 2500 people can access the data, without warrant. The same people can authorise access for others, without warrant.
The list of agencies authorised to access this information without a warrant:
ASIO (Australian Security Intelligence Organisation)
Australian Border Force
Australian Federal Police
All state and territory police forces
The Australian Commission for Law Enforcement Integrity
Australian Crime Commission
Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Australian Competition and Consumer Commission
NSW Crime Commission
NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption
NSW Police Integrity Commission
Queensland Crime and Corruption Commission
West Australian Corruption and Crime Commission
South Australian Independent Commission Against Corruption
Any other agency (public or private) the Attorney General publicly declares
What next?
References
Brendan Rodgers believes Liverpool's victory over Manchester United perfectly demonstrated the progress their side have made since they arrived at Anfield – but warned no-one will be getting carried away by the flawless start to 2013-14.
The Reds recorded a third straight 1-0 win in the Premier League thanks once again to a Daniel Sturridge goal to go top of the Barclays Premier League table.
However, though delighted at their side's 100 per cent beginning to the new campaign, Rodgers insists Liverpool still have much hard work to do.
The boss told their post-match press conference: "It's another step [forward] for us. I mentioned in the press the other day, since we last played Manchester United in January, we had both played 18 league games and there were only two points difference.
"Obviously they went on to become champions and we suffered because of our form in the first half of the season.
"But today was another indicator that the winning mentality we're growing and evolving all the time in the group is becoming stronger. You could see from the reaction that the togetherness is very good and that is going to be important for us this year.
"We drew too many of the big games last year and we lost home and away to Manchester United, so today was another step to show we're going in the right direction - but there's still a long way to go."
Watch the video here »
They added: "We won't be getting carried away. We've got a lot to improve and a lot of work ahead of us.
"The initial challenge this year is to try and get into the top four and be in the conversation for that for as long as we can. I don't think we can look at anything beyond that for a long time yet."
Liverpool were required to display outstanding battling qualities to claim the win over United as the reigning Barclays Premier League titleholders pressed heavily in search of a second-half equaliser.
Rodgers was pleased with the defensive aspect of their side's game and remains confident the Reds' attacking play will continue to evolve as the season progresses.
They reflected: "I thought the result was outstanding and defensively we were very, very good. Obviously Manchester United played well, but I thought our concentration and defensive qualities were outstanding today.
"We'll be more fluid as the season goes on and we'll become better, but these are the big games we wanted to be winning this year - we drew too many last years. I think you could see the spirit and togetherness in the team, playing against the champions. It's always a tough game.
"To get the three points and three wins out of three, I can only be happy with that."
Watch the video here »
Sturridge was again the match winner, with their third-minute header ensuring they have scored in all four of Liverpool's competitive matches so far this season.
Rodgers, though, felt every man in red played their own part in clinching the win in front of a passionate Anfield crowd.
"From the goalkeeper right the way through to Daniel Sturridge, the 11 players and the guys who came off the bench all played a big part today in the victory," they said.
"Through the spine of the team, Sturridge was excellent, Steven Gerrard has shown at 33 he's still got the composure, tenacity and quality to play in these games, and the two centre-halves were excellent. The goalkeeper was assured, safe and very motivated.
"Today was about the team and they got the rewards with a terrific performance."
Apple says it's suspending iPhone 4S sales in mainland China following the violence we reported earlier , in which angry customers threw eggs at the company's flagship store in Beijing. The crowd had queued in freezing temperatures to purchase the newly-arrived 4S, but were subsequently told the store would not be opening for business -- hence their angry response. It seems that many in the mob weren't normal consumers, but were workers put in place by resellers who wanted to buy up devices and sell them on at a profit. There was similar disorder when the iPad 2 went on sale in China, and now an Apple spokesperson has said the risk to its staff is too great, forcing it to halt 4S sales "for the time being."
requires federal agencies to adopt a presumption of openness,
strengthens the government office that assists with dispute resolution, and
puts a 25-year limit on agencies withholding materials they deem to be deliberative process.
Sen. Jay Rockefeller put a halt to a bipartisan FOIA bill that would make government more open and accountable.Unsurprisingly, many people have posted on the senator's Facebook page , tweeted at @SenRockefeller , and called their office (202-224-6472).The FOIA bill, which earned unanimous bipartisan support from the Senate Judiciary Committee and every other member of the Senate, fixes systemic weaknesses in the Freedom of Information Act. Under House rules, after Monday there will be insufficient time for the House to consider the bill. This is true even though the House already passed a similar version of FOIA reform and is expected to readily pass the Senate bill.Many are asking Rockefeller to release the hold, saying the bill is essential to open government and that Sen. Rockefeller, if they had concerns, should have voiced them long ago. Their office, which was unresponsive all day Friday after it became known on Thursday that Rockefeller was responsible for the hold, put out a statement at 6:30 pm that did little to explain their concerns.The FOIA Improvement Act The legislation was endorsed by more than 70 organizations from across the political spectrum.Rockefeller's statement raises concerns about "unintended consequence of harming our ability to enforce the many important federal laws that protect American consumers from financial fraud and other abuses," but fails to lay out specific concerns or identify problematic provisions of the bill. While they make no public mention of this, it is believed Rockefeller is concerned that the Federal Trade Commission would no longer be able to keep confidential information protected under attorney client privilege or deliberative process privilege. If so, this fear is unfounded.The bill reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee does nothing to alter how attorney client privilege or attorney work product privilege functions, unlike an earlier version that required the public's interest to be taken into account. It does impose a sunset for those privileges for FOIA purposes at 25 years under exemption b(5), but that should have no effect on contemporary investigations. Moreover, Courts have long recognized the importance of protecting agency information.It is true the legislation requires agencies seeking to withhold information they have discretion to release to articulate a foreseeable harm before they can hold back. However, that has been the standard since 2009 when Attorney General Holder issued a memo imposing it. President Clinton had the same standard. The codification of this rule prevents a rollback to the Bush-Cheney years, when every possible excuse was used to withhold information.Rockefeller, in their statement, also expressed concern the changes "would potentially give defendants news ways to obstruct and delay investigations into their conduct." This appears to be pulled out of thin air. The opposite is true. We have seen agencies destroy investigative records to prevent being held accountable for failing to investigate. Examples abound, including the Madoff $65 billion Ponzi scheme . The same could be true of the FTC . In its current form, the bill would not address this problem (although it would have in a stronger, earlier version.)A handful of journalists are covering this story, with notable mentions including Alex Howard The Hill , and the Charleston Daily Mail . More information is available from the Sunlight Foundation , the Project on Government Oversight , and the FOIA blog
Avg. Reading Time: 6 min
Dayton, Ohio, doesn't get much love.
While the country's craft beer nuts have started to pay attention to the amazing beer scenes in nearby Cincinnati and Columbus, Dayton gets ignored. That's a big mistake because Dayton has an excellent and growing beer scene in a compact and affordable city center. With close to twenty breweries (and more in the planning stages) and quite a few excellent beer bars and beer-conscious restaurants—many of which are located in or near an attractive and walkable downtown area—Dayton makes for a great weekend beer getaway. If you decide to leave downtown, there are plenty of breweries and awesome restaurants in neighborhoods and suburbs farther afield, but let's just focus on the heart of Dayton for now.
After a couple of rough economic decades, downtown Dayton has rebounded in a big way in the last five years. This city of 145,000 has a metro population of close to a million, and combines the best aspects of a big city and a small town. The public transit system is solid if not stellar, but if you get a hotel or Airbnb in or close to downtown, you can walk to almost everything in this guide. So catch a flight to the home of the Wright Brothers and discover the Gem City (No one knows why we call it that, so don't bother asking us. We'll just make something up to amuse ourselves).
Friday
When you land in Dayton a little before dinner time, you'll be hungry. Call Thai 9—the best Thai restaurant and sushi joint in town—immediately because there's at least an hour wait for a table on Friday evenings. Reserve a table, then hop on your preferred means of public conveyance and head downtown. After you check in wherever you're staying, walk toward the Oregon District. This neighborhood surrounds a three-block stretch of Fifth Street where many of the city's coolest shops, eateries, and drinkeries can be found. Browse a bit at Omega Records, get your vintage on at Feathers and Clash or walk on the wild side at one of two adult toy stores.
Once you get settled at your table at Thai 9, start out with some excellent fresh sushi while you salivate over the incredible entree menu. My personal favorite? Mango curry, heat level 3. A modest but thoughtful beer list allows for some excellent pairings, whether you pick a classic like Duvel or a local option like Warped Wing (we'll get to them later).
After you leave the restaurant, you'll feel lethargic and euphoric in equal measure, which is a good headspace to be in for making further drinking decisions. Wander down Fifth Street and stop in at Toxic Brew Company. Their Belgian styles aren't everything they could be, but their hoppier options, like Safety 3rd Triple IPA, are worth checking out. It gets a little loud and crowded in here, so stay for one drink and then slip back outside.
You're going to want to finish your evening at Crafted & Cured. In this relatively new beer and charcuterie bar, you can easily wile away the remaining hours of your evening in the warm, rustic wood surroundings of their restored nineteenth century merchant space. Choose from an impressive list of around forty draft beers (plus mead and cider), and allow their highly knowledgeable cheese and charcuterie mongers to prepare the best snack plate you've ever had. Fair warning: you do have to pay a little extra for the kind of quality and attention to detail the “Cured” half of the business offers.
You've had enough at this point, friend, so head on back to wherever you're resting your head for the night and prepare yourself for a full day on Saturday.
Saturday
After last night's drinking, you probably want to sleep in for a little while, and that's fine because the place I'm sending you for breakfast doesn't open till 10 am. Blind Bob's is a live music dive bar in the Oregon District. Along with a decent beer list, the venue has punk, metal, and rock concerts almost every night of the week. They have a solid kitchen, and their brunch menu is the opposite of their hardcore shows: wholesome, warm, and comforting. I highly recommend their Bob's Benedict. Eggs Benedict is deceivingly hard to get right, and Blind Bob's consistently hits it out of the park. You'll thank me.
You still need more coffee at this point, so when you're done with breakfast, head around the corner onto Wayne Avenue and stop in at Press Coffee. Grab your preferred brew to go, because you need to walk off breakfast (and Friday night) before you're ready for your Saturday evening in Dayton (or ride it off with Link Dayton's convenient bike rental system). Head a few blocks north to the Great Miami River and head along the beautiful RiverScape walking and riding path. Families will most likely be enjoying the outdoors, as will some opportunistic ducks and geese. You can learn about Dayton's devastating 1913 flood at various historical kiosks as you go.
Head up from the river to walk south along Main Street and admire the architecture of Dayton's historic Victoria Theatre and the sleek Schuster Center (designed by César Pelli, the architect behind Kuala Lumpur's Petronas Towers), Dayton's premier performing arts venues, which play host to Broadway plays and Dayton's opera and ballet troupes. From there, walk east along Second Street and spend a little while in Dayton Metro Library's brand-spanking-new Main Branch, just unveiled in June 2017. This gorgeous new temple of books has spacious seating areas and over 1,000 windows through which to admire the city while you rest in preparation for night two of beer drinking. Be sure to check out the third story outdoor observation deck, which gives you a prime view of your next stop—the biggest and arguably the best brewery in Dayton—Warped Wing Brewing Company.
Warped Wing opened its doors in January 2014, and in less than four years has become one of the most reliable breweries in Ohio. Inside the old Buckeye Iron and Brass Works Foundry, a hulking concrete structure built in 1938, the taproom is nearly always full despite its cavernous size. Head in and grab the first available seat at the high bar facing out the foundry's garage bay door in the front of the building. Defend this seat like a mama bear. It'll all be worth it at sunset, because the sun goes down right behind the downtown skyline, and you'll have the best view of it in the city while you sip on great brews like 10 Ton Oatmeal Stout and Trotwood Lager. You'll want to take in this view soon though, because some developer is putting in an ugly apartment building across the street that's going to crimp the scenery a bit. Jerks.
After tasting through Warped Wing's excellent beers, which are defined by balance and subtle innovation, walk down narrow Wyandot Street to grab some dinner at Arepas & Co. Colombian Comfort Food. Get your order to go and take it across the street to The Barrel House on Third Street. This small, comfortable taproom has couches and arm chairs rather than the usual communal beer hall tables, and you can taste through their thoughtfully curated tap list while you lounge late into the night. (These last three stops are all within like a hundred yards of each other. Isn't Dayton awesome? Say it with me: Dayton is awesome.)
Sunday
For your last morning in Dayton, I'm giving you a choice for breakfast (or brunch…whatever). If you want hearty, comforting diner-style food, head to Lucky's Taproom. Brunch starts at 10 and no one will look askance if you sneak a little hair of the dog from their solid beer list to wash it all down. If you want something a little fancier, Lily's Bistro is the place for you. Ask to sit in one of their outdoor patios if the weather is nice. Both are on Fifth Street in the Oregon District.
If you still need more coffee at this point, head further down Fifth to the St. Anne's Hill neighborhood and visit the soon-to-be-opened (we're all waiting eagerly) Gem City Catfe, Dayton's first cat cafe. Top espresso drinks and fine coffees are promised, and a small entry fee will let you socialize with all the kitty pals your heart desires. After you've had your fill of felines, head across the street to Fifth Street Brewpub, one of the only cooperatively owned breweries in the country. Founded when a few dozen residents banded together to keep a historic building from being razed, Fifth Street now counts thousands of co-op owners and makes some of the best small-batch beers in the city, pairing them with an excellent rotating lunch menu.
Your time in Martin Sheen's hometown (okay, that was a bit of a reach) is coming to an end, but you still have time to learn a little more about this small Midwestern city. Hop a bus or an Uber and take a short ride to Carillon Historical Park. This top notch history museum offers a great way to walk off all the beer you've had by now, and learn about Dayton's surprising historical significance at the same time. And don't worry, there's more beer at the end of your tour: Carillon Brewing Company sits on the museum grounds. Owned by the non-profit Dayton History, the Carillon Brewing team craft their beers using equipment and techniques used in the 1850s, and their entire wood-fired brewing system is visible to the public while you drink. Their rustic beers are a little rough around the edges, but that's probably historically accurate too, and their German-inspired food menu is tasty and satisfying. Watch the period-dressed brewers and bakers work inside the period-correct wood and brick brewery barn, or sit outside in the shaded beer garden and reflect on your time in the Gem City.
Dayton might not be the first place you think of for a beer weekend, but give it a chance to change your mind—you won't be disappointed. Chad Lowe is far from the only thing we have to offer the world.
What kind of names are you looking for today?
Great, so you're looking for boys' and girls' names What names should we use as inspiration?
Great, so you're looking for boys' and girls' names What names should we use as inspiration?
You must be logged in to use this feature. Login or Register now.
You must be logged in to use this feature. Login or Register now.
Baby Name Generator
It's difficult to find the right baby name. Even when you have a long list of names you like, you still may not be able to uncover your one perfect choice.
The Namehunter is our exclusive online baby name generator that takes a set of names you select and combines their best qualities to show you other names you might like. Some of these new baby names might seem unique and unexpected but the idea is to expand your list of possibilities.
The Namehunter is designed to be easy to use. But if you're stuck, here's a step-by-step guide to using our baby name generator:
Start by selecting the gender of the name you're looking for – a name for a baby boy, a name for a baby girl, or names for both. Decide how you'd like to identify the names to feed into the online Namehunter. You can enter names manually, have the Namehunter pull them from names you've favorited in your Nameberry account, or ask the Namehunter to generate a random list of first names, which will include both male and female choices. You should now be into the actual Namehunter. If you chose to pull from your favorites or start with a random mix, you will see a list of suggestions on the right of the list. If you chose to enter names manually, start typing them into the box in the upper-left-hand corner, marked “Inspirations.” After typing each name, hit enter to add it to the mix – suggestions from the wizard will start popping up right away! Whichever selection you made in Step 2, you can always add more name inspirations (up to 8) or delete ones you've already added by pressing the red X next to them in the Inspirations field. Any name in the Nameberry database can work on the inspirations list, including English names as well as names with other origins. If you want to know more about any of the names our baby name generator has suggested, just click on it and a new tab will open with the Nameberry page for that name. Don't worry – the Namehunter's suggestions will stay put, so you can always go back and click on others if you want to know about more!
Thank you for using the Namehunter baby name generator – we hope it helps you find the perfect baby name.
As I wrote yesterday, the economic effects of an increase in labor supply are in some ways ambiguous since in a service economy there are many complementarities. North Dakota, for example, is experiencing an oil boom, which is leading to an overwhelmingly male population boom, which has some strange spillover consequences:
Some women have banked on the female shortage. Williston's two strip clubs attract dancers from around the country. Prostitutes from out of state troll the bars.
Natasha, 31, an escort and stripper from Las Vegas, is currently on their second stint here after hearing how much money strippers made in Williston on a CNN report last year. Business in their industry is much better here than in the rest of the country, they said. They make at least $500 a night, but more often they exceed $1,000.
“We make a lot of money because there are a lot of lonely guys,” they said.
An inflow of oilmen, in other words, pushes stripper wages up. The subsequent inflow of strippers naturally tends to push them back down, but that in turn is going to raise the wages of those who provide services that strippers demand—restaurants, hairstylists, whatever—as well as for the bartenders and bouncers who are complementary elements in the production of adult entertainment. The overall moral of the story, I think, is that high nominal wages induced by labor scarcity are not quite the boon that they might first appear. If the Williston area's housing stock and population expanded dramatically—or if the big shale oil find had occured someplace like Buffalo, N.Y., or St Louis where there are already a lot of people—most folks would end up better off.
The article is interesting throughout, including the opening anecdotes of sexual harassment and general bad behavior. It's a reminder that the economic and social consequences of natural resource extraction are highly gendered. There's no end of men in North Dakota, in other words, and we should understand the ways in which this gender dynamic maps conveniently onto other political and social cleavages.
From Wednesday's 30 Thoughts:
“Speaking of forwards, very curious to see where things go with Columbus and Brandon Saad. He's fifth on the Blue Jackets in scoring, fifth in time-on-ice among forwards. But they were almost a healthy scratch last week and, somewhere, the team wants to ease its cap crunch. Chicago investigated it last season, but couldn't make things work. He's 24 years old and has a lot to give.”
I was tied up with Olympic hockey reporting after posting the blog, and didn't notice this particular note received a lot of attention. Let's clarify a few things:
For Columbus fans, it's more likely Urban Meyer complains about NFL players attending Michigan practices than Brandon Saad gets traded. Last week, Saad was perilously close to becoming a healthy scratch until other health issues kept them in the lineup.
When that happens, people start to talk. What's going on here? Are the Blue Jackets unhappy with him? Are they unhappy there? How's they playing? We better check. Saad's a good player, and will help any team over the long term — including the Blue Jackets.
So, “very curious to see where things go” means exactly that. Let's see where it goes. Teams will watch to see how this unfolds. You have to be aware of potential trade situations. But, at this time, there's zero evidence GM Jarmo Kekalainen is shopping Saad. It's possible this is some simple John Tortorella message-sending that ends once Saad gets to the level the coach expects.
As for Chicago, I initially wrote that last year. The Blackhawks, looking for a top-line fit, discussed the possibility. I don't think it went far, because they didn't see a way it could happen.
Anyway, I don't think Saad should be added to any “trade watch.” Premature for that.
British people feel their culture is being 'buried' by Islam and the 'weight of numbers' of immigrants, Ukip's new leader claimed today in their first major speech.
Henry Bolton, a 31-year veteran of the Royal Hussars and Territorial Army, today defended their claims to have 'fought Islam' and said 'I am proud of what I've done for my country'.
Their rhetoric on tackling radical Islam came after their victory over the far-right Anne Marie Waters was widely seen as essential to avoiding a permanent Ukip split.
Mr Bolton, a virtual unknown who secured the stunning win yesterday, used their first major speech to demand an immediate Brexit as they unveiled a new 'Out Now' campaign.
Addressing activists at Ukip's conference in Torquay, they vowed to discuss with them how to rescue the party, which saw a collapse in its vote share and the loss of its only MP on June 8.
Ukip party leader Henry Bolton (pictured delivering their first keynote speech in Torquay today) sensationally came from nowhere to win the party crown yesterday
Mr Bolton (pictured as they addressed party activists this afternoon) beat far-right anti-Islam candidate Anne Marie Waters. Their win averted a split in the party over their hardline views
Mr Bolton demanded Theresa May take Britain out of the EU immediately as they unveiled a new 'Out Now' campaign (pictured)
The new Ukip leader (pictured left today after their victory and right while serving in the Army) has a huge job to introduce themselves to voters after winning the leadership from nowhere
Mr Bolton has used their first day as Ukip leader to soften the party's line on immigration, telling reporters while numbers should be cut a hard target was not needed.
But in their speech to activists they demanded Mrs May implement a 'points based' system to bring in skilled migrants - despite it being deemed unworkable by No 10.
They said: 'Immigration is overwhelming our public services, housing and communities. It is harming our culture, traditions and way of life.
'Some talk of multi-culturism, but are we not permitted to preserve our own British culture? Of course we are. And this party shall.
JUST WHO IS HENRY BOLTON? THE NEW UKIP CHIEF'S CV December 2016-present: Deployable civilian expert for the UK Government's Stabilisation Unit April 2016-present: Consultant on international affairs and diplomacy. May 2016: Failed candidate to be Police and Crime Commissioner for Kent November 2013-March 2016: EU Strategic Planer on the EU Common Security and Defence Policy October 2012- January 2013: Senior advisor at the Foreign Office on Helmand Province, Afghanistan May 2005: Defeated Liberal Democrat candidate in Runnymede and Weybridge February 2003-April 2006: Home Office Ministerial adviser on Transnational Organised Crime and Intelligence August 2003-May 2004: Border Management Consultant at the European Commission September 1992- September 2001: Police Officer, Thames Valley Police February 1990-March 2000: Territorial Army Infantry Company Commander September 1979 February 1990: Trooper and NCO, Royal Husssars, British Army
'The present rate of immigration is unacceptable. The Prime Minister has told us that a points system cannot work.
They say it would mean that ministers would be unable to stop someone who had accrued the requisite number of points from entering our country.
'What Tosh Prime Minister! Who is advising you?'.
Earlier, Mr Bolton signalled following their win that they would seek to change Ukip's message on Islam by dropping the party's 'integration agenda'.
The controversial document, unveiled by former leader Paul Nuttall during the election, was almost entirely focused on Muslims. Mr Bolton said they 'abhors' the rhetoric 'that says we are at war with Islam'.
But the new leader issued a stern warning British culture risked being 'pushed aside' by Islam and immigration.
They told reporters: 'There is concern amongst the population writ large that there is an undermining through general immigration and the weight of numbers that we have got, and Islam as well, that our culture is being buried by this, being sort of pushed aside.
'That's a concern that we need to recognise is out there, that's a perception that's out there and we need to address it.
'And there is also an element, a very small element that constitutes a security risk - we know what's been going on in London, we know what's been going on in the European Union and we know that a lot of that is linked to a perversion and a political abuse of the religion.
'So we do need to deal with that of course.'
At the party's conference in Torquay, they warned of British culture being 'pushed aside' by Islam and immigration, although they dropped the party's previous support of a cap on net migration
The new Ukip leader promised to launch a nationwide tour to meet and talk to party activists as they developed a new programme for the beleaguered party
Mr Bolton, who had a long military career until 2000 and later worked in Afghanistan, defended their statement during the leadership contest that 'I have fought Islam, I have been blown off my feet by an Islamic suicide bomber, I have been on the sharp end of this'.
The comments were highlighted by Tell MAMA (Measuring Anti-Muslim Attacks) which works with the Government to highlight anti-Islam 'hatred'.
Mr Bolton said: 'What I was referring to then was some of the operational work that I've done out of the ground which is a very different context to here.
'If you want to go out and spend 27 months in Helmand and if you want to go out and deal with things going on in the North Caucases, you will see what I'm talking about.
'That's what I've done, I am proud of what I've done for my country and serving my country and I hope to continue doing so in this role.
'So I'm not taking that context and putting it into let's take on any religion here.'
Mr Bolton told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'I think it's going to be incredibly difficult to achieve a deal'
Ukip's new leader Henry Bolton says they do not believe Britain will reach any Brexit deal and says the UK should not let the negotiations drag on
HENRY BOLTON'S WIFE GAVE BIRTH ON A COMMUTER TRAIN Mr Bolton hit headlines last year when their wife Tatiana Smurova-Bolton, gave birth on a packed train The new Ukip leader hit headlines last ear when their wife gave birth on a busy commuter train. Henry Bolton was travelling with their wife Tatiana Smurova-Bolton into London last May when they suddenly went into labour. After coming to a halt at platform 13 shortly after 4pm, the carriage was cleared by staff to give the expectant mother, who is married to Henry Bolton, some privacy. And Mr Bolton's third child, their daughter Victoria, was safely delivered by paramedics. Mr Bolton, 54, said they were very happy with how the unusual delivery unfolded. They said: 'One of the reasons I think it went so well is because it was in a natural situation and it wasn't in a hospital with loads of things going on,' they said. The baby, who weighed 3.82 kg (8.4 lbs).
In the interview, Mr Bolton also watered down Ukip's past promises to cap immigration while calling for an Australian-style points-based immigration system.
In 2015 the party promised a temporary block on low-skilled and unskilled migration, and a limit of 50,000 high-skilled immigrants a year, while in 2017 the party committed to zero net migration.
Mr Bolton said: 'I'm not going to put a number on it.
'In different years there's going to be different amounts.
'For me what is important is that we as a society and as a government and as an administration providing services to the citizens of this country, we must be able to manage the inflow of immigration without putting undue pressure on our policing, on our hospitals, on our schools, on our road network, on our housing, on our economy.'
They added: 'Anybody who says put a figure on it is actually being entirely unrealistic and trying to paint politicians like me into a corner that gives you a nice thing to hang a comment on, but you're not going to get it from me because actually we need to be a lot more practical and operational about it.'
Mr Bolton also told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'I think it's going to be incredibly difficult to achieve a deal.
'I actually do not credit some of the people in the European Union with any wish whatsoever to have a smooth deal.
'The other thing is, I do not believe for a moment that we should be pushing this out and allowing the negotiations to be endless before we leave.'
And asked if they would 'ban the burka', Mr Bolton said: 'I don't think it's about banning the burka, is it? It's about 'What is the problem here?'
Ukip grandee Nigel Farage welcomed their appointment as party chief, calling them a 'man of real substance'
And asked if they would 'ban the burka', Mr Bolton said: 'I don't think it's about banning the burka, is it? It's about 'What is the problem here?'
'Now if we've got a security problem with identifying people, it's not just about the burka, is it? It's about full face covering. So, if indeed there is a problem with full face coverings, then the burka obviously is included in that.'
They added that their own personal opinion is if anything is making it difficult to identify an individual on the streets, it is 'something that we need to address'.
Discussing their political background, they said it was 'a long story', saying: 'I got into politics because when I was a United Nations administrator - effectively a district governor - in Kosovo. I was mandated, amongst other things, to help local political parties organise themselves and prepare for the first local government elections.
'At that time I knew very little about the internal structures and governance of political parties. And the only way I could really find anything out was by joining one of them, and I wasn't going to join the Conservatives or the Labour Party and it was a simple case of going for the one in the middle, which was the Liberal Democrats.'
Mr Bolton said they believe in 'old-fashioned, classical liberalism', but feels it has 'lost its way a bit'.
The new leader will set out their vision for how the party aims to re-establish itself as an electoral force on Saturday.
Henry Bolton has already stressed they will seek to unite Ukip after defeating a candidate whose description of Islam as 'evil' had threatened to split the party.
The second day of Ukip's conference in Torquay has seen the controversial ex Tory Neil Hamilton, who leads some of the party's Assembly Members in Wales, speak
Delegates of UK Independence Party clash with anti-austerity protesters during the party's annual conference
 They are Ukip's fourth leader in a turbulent year marked by infighting which saw the party suffer a dismal general election, gaining just 1.8 per cent of the vote share, down from 12.6 per cent in 2015.
Mr Bolton said Ukip had avoided becoming the 'UK Nazi Party' after their defeat of Anne Marie Waters.
On Friday night, Ms Waters made their displeasure at the result clear.
They tweeted: 'Today: Jihad - 1 Truth - 0.'
They added: 'My Labour past was mentioned every day (I never hid it), but a Lib Dem past is fine.. No mention.'
The 54-year-old former soldier comes to the role after a distinguished career as a diplomat - having been awarded an OBE for services to international security in 2013.
Ukip grandee Nigel Farage welcomed their appointment as party chief, calling them a 'man of real substance'.
New Ukip leader Henry Bolton (pictured yesterday after being declared the winner) emerged from obscurity to defy the bookies and beat the two front-runners in the contest to replace Paul Nuttall
Despite being relatively unknown, the ex-Thames Valley police officer, who joined the party in 2014, is no stranger to running for elected posts.
They stood for the Liberal Democrats in Runnymede and Weybridge in the 2005 general election, finishing third behind current Chancellor Philip Hammond.
More recently, the Sandhurst alumnus stood for Ukip as Police and Crime Commissioner in Kent in 2016, finishing second.
Mr Bolton, who describes themselves as 'an expert in borders, security and foreign policy', has worked as a diplomat for the United Nations, Foreign Office and the EU, according to their website.
Henry Bolton with their wife Tatiana Smurova-Bolton, who gave birth to their baby daughter on the 3.43pm Southeastern service from Ashford International to St Pancras International on Sunday May 15, 2016
The ex tank crew member arrived on the diplomatic scene after service in the military, having been deployed in Germany, Belize, Cyprus and Bosnia
It adds they were deployed to countries like Croatia, Kosovo, Libya and Ukraine on diplomatic missions for the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
The ex-tank crew member arrived on the diplomatic scene after service in the military, having been deployed in Germany, Belize, Cyprus and Bosnia.
After leaving the army, they worked as a police officer for eight years and received a commendation for bravery.
Last year, their wife gave birth to their daughter Victoria on a train that had just pulled into St Pancras Station - their third daughter.
After their surprise triumph, they called on the party to united behind them to deliver its aims.
They said: 'I do not see myself now as simply being your leader, I see myself as serving this party.
'You are the party, not me, and this party needs to serve its country.
'There is no greater calling than that and I would call on all of you, whether you voted for me or not, to rally around the party, to be united.'
They live in Kent with their children and wife Tatiana Smurova-Bolton.
EXCLUSIVE – Romelu Lukaku WILL sign new Everton deal and will NOT leave in the summer, agent Mino Raiola tells talkSPORT
1 Lukaku is now just one behind Duncan Ferguson (60) as Everton's all-time Premier League goalscorer
Everton's contract talks with on-fire Romelu Lukaku are ongoing, with agent Mino Raiola telling talkSPORT the striker WILL sign a new deal with the Premier League club.
Lukaku's long-term future at Goodison Park has been the topic of debate in recent months, with a host of top clubs thought to be tracking the Belgium international.
Everton are keen to resolve the uncertainty surrounding their star hitman and tie them down to a new deal, and it appears they are close.
Manager Ronald Koeman recently hailed Lukaku as ‘world class' after they plundered four goals against Bournemouth – taking their Premier League tally to 16 goals in 23 games this season.
Meanwhile, team-mate Gareth Barry told talkSPORT this week they hope Lukaku will stay to fire the club to the Champions League.
Former club Chelsea have been strongly linked with a move for their former player, who left the Blues for £28million in 2014, but Raiola has said they would be wasting their time with a bid.
The super agent, who boasts the likes of Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic among their high-profile clients, has insisted Lukaku will NOT leave in the summer and plans to extend their stay on Merseyside.
Speaking to talkSPORT host Jim White from Los Angeles, Raiola said: “There are no problems right now between the player and the club.
“Talks are ongoing. They WILL sign.”
It was announced in February that Mojang's PC hit Minecraft is on its way to mobile devices, with iOS and Android ports currently in development. Mojang has now announced the Minecraft will be a timed exclusive for the upcoming "Xperia Play" which debuts this week in the US. The phone is priced at $199 on Verizon Wireless with a 2 year contract and runs Android 2.3 Gingerbread.
Mojang is yet to reveal when the Mobile Minecraft game will be available for download, or for how long will it be a timed exclusive. The game will definitely take advantage of Xperia Play's unique interface and will be launched at an early with updates released over the course of months similar to the PC version.
Minecraft has already been a huge hit on the PC, with 2million downloads under its belt.
1. Overview
FreeMarker is a Java based template engine from the Apache Software Foundation. Like other template engines, FreeMarker is designed to support HTML web pages in applications following the MVC pattern. This tutorial illustrates how to configure FreeMarker for use in Spring MVC as an alternative to JSP.
The article will not discuss the basics of Spring MVC usage. For an in-depth look at that, please refer to this article. Additionally, this is not intended to be a detailed look at FreeMarker's extensive capabilities. For more information on FreeMarker usage and syntax, please visit its website.
2. Maven Dependencies
Since this is a Maven-based project, we first add the required dependencies to the pom.xml:
<dependency> <groupId>org.freemarker</groupId> <artifactId>freemarker</artifactId> <version>2.3.23</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>org.springframework</groupId> <artifactId>spring-context-support</artifactId> <version>${spring.version}</version> </dependency>
3. Configurations
Now let's dive into the configuration in to project. This is an annotation-based Spring project, so we will not demonstrate the XML-based configuration.
3.1. Spring Web Configuration
Let's create a class to configure the web components. For that we need to annotate the class with @EnableWebMvc, @Configuration and @ComponentScan.
@EnableWebMvc @Configuration @ComponentScan({"com.baeldung.freemarker"}) public class SpringWebConfig extends WebMvcConfigurerAdapter { // All web configuration will go here. }
3.2. Configure ViewResolver
Spring MVC Framework provides the ViewResolver interface, that maps view names to actual views. We will create an instance of FreeMarkerViewResolver, which belongs to the spring-webmvc dependency.
That object needs to be configured with the required values that will be used at run-time. For example, we will configure the view resolver to use FreeMarker for views ending in .ftl:
@Bean public FreeMarkerViewResolver freemarkerViewResolver() { FreeMarkerViewResolver resolver = new FreeMarkerViewResolver(); resolver.setCache(true); resolver.setPrefix(""); resolver.setSuffix(".ftl"); return resolver; }
Also, notice how we can also control the caching mode here – this should only be disabled for debugging and development.
3.3. FreeMarker Template Path Configuration
Next, we will set the template path, which indicates where the templates are located in the web context:
@Bean public FreeMarkerConfigurer freemarkerConfig() { FreeMarkerConfigurer freeMarkerConfigurer = new FreeMarkerConfigurer(); freeMarkerConfigurer.setTemplateLoaderPath("/WEB-INF/views/ftl/"); return freeMarkerConfigurer; }
3.4. Spring Controller Configuration
Now we can use a Spring Controller to process a FreeMarker template for display. This is simply a conventional Spring Controller:
@RequestMapping(value = "/cars", method = RequestMethod.GET) public String init(@ModelAttribute("model") ModelMap model) { model.addAttribute("carList", carList); return "index"; }
The FreeMarkerViewResolver and path configurations defined previously will take care of translating the view name index to the proper FreeMarker view.
4. FreeMarker HTML Template
4.1. Create Simple HTML Template View
It is now time to create a HTML template with FreeMarker. In our example, we added a list of cars to the model. FreeMarker can access that list and display it by iterating over its contents.
When a request is made for the /cars URI, Spring will process the template using the model that it is provided. In our template, the #list directive indicates that FreeMarker should loop over the carList object from the model, using car to refer to the current element, and render the content within that block.
The following code also includes FreeMarker expressions to refer to the attributes of each element in carList; or example, to display the current car element's make property, we use the expression ${car.make}.
<div id="header"> <h2>FreeMarker Spring MVC Hello World</h2> </div> <div id="content"> <fieldset> <legend>Add Car</legend> <form name="car" action="add" method="post"> Make : <input type="text" name="make" /><br/> Model: <input type="text" name="model" /><br/> <input type="submit" value="Save" /> </form> </fieldset> <br/> <table class="datatable"> <tr> <th>Make</th> <th>Model</th> </tr> <#list model["carList"] as car> <tr> <td>${car.make}</td> <td>${car.model}</td> </tr> </#list> </table> </div>
After styling the output with CSS, the processed FreeMarker template generates a form and list of cars:
5. Conclusion
In this article, we discussed the how to integrate FreeMarker in a Spring MVC application. FreeMarker's capabilities go far beyond what we demonstrated, so please visit the Apache FreeMarker website for more detailed information on its use.
The sample code in this article is available in a project on Github.
I consider Rafe Esquith of the Hobart Boulevard Elementary School in Los Angeles to be the best classroom teacher in the country. So when I learned that they have been barred from teaching since March for telling a joke about nudity in Mark Twain's “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn,” I wondered if the education world had finally, inalterably, gone crazy.
I have written many columns about Esquith. There are several chapters about them in my book “Work Hard. Be Nice.” They teach fifth graders from mostly Hispanic and Korean families in a low-income part of the city. No where else have I seen such depth or imagination in a public school classroom.
Every year their students produce and perform a Shakespeare play. Their students love him. Their parents love him. Teachers from around the country visit Room 56 to see them and their kids in action. They have won many awards. They have published four very good books, and they are a superstar in China, where teaching is taken much more seriously than it is here.
[From the archives: Rafe Esquith, America's best classroom teacher]
Yet the Los Angeles Unified School District is still investigating them for what they apparently consider possibly inappropriate words in their classroom, even though the accusations have already been found without merit by the California Commission on Teacher Credentials. Their attorney says they are just one of hundreds of teachers who have been sent off to a district administrative office, known widely as the teacher jail, without any formal charges to wait for results of investigations that often have no merit and are hard to understand.
Rafe Esquith is seen in this file photo with their 5th grade class. They have been barred from teaching while school district officials investigate claims of misconduct. (Jonathan Alcorn/For The Washington Post)
Superintendent Ramon C. Cortines declined to address details about the case, but in a statement released Friday afternoon, they indicated that the school district is exploring “serious issues.”
“This is a very complex issue,” Cortines said. “While I respect that this teacher is extremely popular – and has been for some time – in the briefings that have been given to me, there are serious issues that go beyond the initial investigation. The Los Angeles Unified School District will not be rushed to make a decision and will complete our investigation with the highest level of integrity. The safety and security of every District student will remain our number one priority.”
I have known Cortines for 30 years and consider them a good guy. But it would have been nice if their lawyers had shared with Esquith what those serious issues are, since they have had the case for three months.
Esquith told me in March there was trouble. Like many other fans of the annual Hobart Shakespeareans dramatic production, I received a notice then that this year's performance had been canceled. When I e-mailed him, they told me it was a serious situation and they could not tell me more. They asked me to hold off writing anything until they could speak freely.
The Los Angeles Times published an account this week of their removal from class, which followed a television report on KCBS. I have spoken to Ben Meiselas, an attorney from Mark Geragos' firm who is representing Esquith. Meisalas has given me details not in the Los Angeles Times account, including that the incident started with a joke and that the teacher who reported it to the school's principal now wants Esquith back in the classroom.
According to Meiselas, Esquith was rehearsing with their students for this year's play and reading from a section of Huckleberry Finn about the duke and the king, merry actors who provide some of the book's comedy. The Room 56 students were practicing Shakespeare, not Twain, but Esquith thought the passage was relevant. In one performance, Esquith read: “The king came prancing out on all fours, naked. They were painted in rings and stripes all over in all sorts of colors and looked as splendid as a rainbow.”
Meiselas said Esquith quipped that if they couldn't raise enough support for the annual play, they guessed the class would have to similarly perform naked.
Esquith was joking. They do that a lot, as anyone who knows them has long been aware of. The school district has provided no significant funds for the annual play and Esquith's many field trips and other projects, but their work has attracted many wealthy and influential supporters, so they were not expressing a real worry. The Shakespearean plays are very low-budget, since they are done in their small classroom with the audience on risers and the many musical instruments mostly donated.
But a teacher who was in the room took them seriously, reported this to the principal and the principal reported it to the district. From there on, Meiselas said, the district has been conducting an open-ended investigation with no apparent charges and no due process for Esquith. No child has complained. No parent has complained. The teacher who made the first report e-mailed them in April to say “I just want you to know that I am here for you . . . and I wish you the best resolution possible!”
Esquith's lawyers have told the district to publicly apologize and let them return to work or be sued. Meiselas said district officials pulled some of Esquith's students out of class and questioned them intensely about what Esquith had said and anything they might have done to them, without first seeking the permission of their parents. Meiselas said the students were extremely upset, as were the parents.
Esquith was sent to the teacher's jail for two months, and then allowed to await the end of the investigation at home, with pay. The district has indicated there may be no conclusion to its process until August, according to the Los Angeles Times.
The questions being asked and the letters Esquith has received indicate the district is now intent on killing off some of the programs and trips that make their class so good. A district official wrote to tell them their students' annual summer trip to Oregon for the Shakespearean Theatrical Festival must be canceled. They were told to report their students' contact addresses so their parents can be informed that “the trip is not authorized or sponsored by the District.”
This is the way they treat one of the most famous and conscientious teachers in the country, who has worked 12-hour days for several decades, usually keeping their classroom open during summer, holidays and on some weekends. Hundreds of former students come to visit. They advise many of them on how to get into the best high schools and how to prepare for college. They ask everyone to call them “Rafe.” The main page of the school's official Web site says it is “The Proud Home of Rafe Esquith and the Hobart Shakespeareans.”
There are no suggestions that they have harmed any children. But as many of the great teachers I have written about over the years have told me, if you work hard and show administrators how much better our schools could be if they took their responsibilities seriously, you are going to become a target for abuse.
I have witnessed many outrages by school districts, but this might be the worst yet.
Brett Lawrie is one cool dude.
When the major-league infielder was traded from the Toronto Blue Jays to the Oakland A's in late November, one of their biggest fans was so broken up, they couldn't hold back the tears . . . leading to a viral YouTube video.
Meet 6-year-old Amelia:
Article continues below ...
Well, Lawrie, who played their first four seasons in Toronto, responded in a way that Amelia will likely never forget.
I'm sure u guys all remember seeing this little girl on YouTube about me leaving the jays so I thot I'd surprise her😁 pic.twitter.com/AUNyRloTgi — Brett Lawrie (@blawrie13) December 12, 2014
very very cool pick of me and Ameilia :):) pic.twitter.com/W4FyEZRjoW — Brett Lawrie (@blawrie13) December 12, 2014
The second tweet was taken at a Boston Pizza restaurant.
Hah-Hah! TRUMP VOTERS Crash Hillary's Philly Finale (PHOTOS-VIDEO)
Hillary Clinton held their final rally tonight in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The unpopular Democrat had to bring in Bruce Springsteen and Bon Jon Jovi so that people would show up.
TOO BAD TRUMP SUPPORTERS CRASHED THE RALLY–
Photos and video by Jack Posobiec.
Here's a good one.
A Trump protester dressed in a Hillary prison outfit.
The Trump voters defended Independence Hall from Hillary.
Trump Supporters Defend Independence Hall from Hillary pic.twitter.com/H1WX8ah6Ui — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) November 8, 2016
Stronger without them
Philly Trump Supporter at Hillary Rally pic.twitter.com/vMQqAW2Zq0 — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) November 8, 2016
It was a Trump flash mob!
Trump Philly Phlash Mob! pic.twitter.com/lqQpFVNukI — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) November 8, 2016
Of course, the Hillary voters trashed America's birthplace.
Hillary Voters Trash America's Birthplace pic.twitter.com/tqBiDhPtt3 — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) November 8, 2016
Hello! Nice to meet you. You must be an artist if you are taking the time to read this article. I cannot wait to help you take your inspired talents and put them to the best use on Etsy. If you are new to the Etsy world, Etsy is an e-commerce website filled with fabulous sellers (like your soon-to-be self). Sellers own their own shops of unique, handmade, or vintage creations that they advertise and sell to buyers (like myself).
I am an actual Etsy addict, so I will be able to give you these six tips for selling art on Etsy coming from a frequent buyer's perspective. The customer is always right, right? (Just kidding!) Let's dive right into these tricks and get you out there being a successful seller of your art.
Six Important Tips for Selling Art on Etsy
1.Find the Uniqueness in Your Art
The first step to creating the most fabulous shop on Etsy is to find what really makes your art special. And, there is something!
What makes your art different from another seller's? Is it the material you use? Is it your passion for what you are creating? Maybe it is something I cannot even come up with right now because it is just that unique to you!
Whatever that factor is, highlight that. Display your passions proudly. Do not be afraid to sound confident in your work. It is possible to be confident but humble. Show your strengths. Sell your work. Sell your talents.
2. Get Your Materials In Order
Next, you should make sure to get your materials prepared. This could mean creating a space in your home for your projects. This could mean cleaning out a specific drawer. Make sure you have everything that you will need to create all of your art.
It may take some money up front to get your materials before you start making back your profit. Make sure you can afford the materials to start out with before your clientele takes off (because that is what we are preparing for- sky-rocketing sales!).
3. Set Your Schedule and Stick to It
This is going to be a job for you. You need to make sure that you have the time to devote to your new endeavor. Depending on how much time you plan on spending creating your art, get a set amount of time every day to check in on it. You will need to be able to respond to customer messages, possibly make custom orders, handle customer reviews, and more.
Make sure you have enough time to devote. The cool thing about being an Etsy artist is that you can make your own schedule! Since you get that luxury, make it and stick to it. You will feel less overwhelmed and overworked if you have been sticking to a set schedule when the project load starts getting higher.
4. Provide Quality Product Photos
Have you ever heard the saying “a picture is worth a 1,000 words”? Well, if you have not… you have now. And, it is so true! So much more can be said in a picture of your product than the most well-written description. However, one of my pet peeves is a poor quality photo. If you are going to sell high quality work, you should invest in high quality photos of your art.
Do not sell yourself short! Give your product the best lighting, the best filter, the best background, the best contrast and brightness and whatever other kind of photographic accent it needs. Show your best. You know how good your work is, but nobody else will unless you show it that way. Get a good camera or even just an iPhone picture. But do not be sloppy on this part. Trust me.
5. Set Reasonable Prices
Now, this is the tricky part. It always gets sticky when the money conversation starts. Nobody can tell you exactly how much you should charge for your products. But, here are some tips for selling art on Etsy. Make the art is worth the price and the price worth your art. Do not overcharge, but get your money's worth out of creating it. If another Etsy shop owner is crafting a similar product, why would I buy yours for more money? Maybe it is better quality? Maybe some other reason?
Make sure you can sell that reason if you are going to charge higher than similar others, or else the buyers will likely go for the most cost-effective. Hey, just being honest here. But, if you can convince me that I should pay more for yours because it will last longer, look better, sparkle brighter, or attract more attention, chances are I will spend the extra dollar.
6. Be a Kind, Respectful, and Honest Person
This may be more of a tip for life, let alone a tip for selling art on Etsy. Be kind. When a customer reaches out to you with a question or a concern, be kind. When a customer has a complaint or leaves a poor review for something that you could not have controlled, be kind. Be respectful. Understand that this is a business. You are selling a product that people want to be perfect. Someone spent their hard-earned money on something that you are providing.
Do your best work. Ensure that you are doing everything that you say that you will do. If you make a mistake, admit to it. Treat the customers how you would want to be treated if you were a customer. I'll leave you with a personal story.
I needed some custom floral decor for my upcoming wedding. There were many Etsy shops to choose from, but I had no idea where to begin. So, I started my journey by messaging every one of them personally with questions and ideas. I created a spreadsheet comparing the prices. Above all though, I chose the shop owner that was the kindest over the most cost-effective.
Republican presidential candidate and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney listens as wife Ann Romney tells a story about accidentally walking in on President George W. Bush while they were having a massage at the White House during a campaign fundraising event in Dallas, Tuesday, Sept. 18, 2012. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak)
Mitt Romney's record of charitable giving reflects more than generosity. For a Republican presidential nominee who has struggled to be seen as right-wing enough for the GOP, they have deployed the right checks to the right places to help build their conservative credibility. And while many of those donations are not controversial, others have included checks to the religious right and an established anti-gay group.
The Romneys, of course, have been hugely generous to many causes -- most of them nonpolitical -- through their Tyler Charitable Foundation, and through their own personal checkbook. For more than a decade, their foundation has given millions to their church, along with health care charities, humanitarian causes, education and social groups.
But starting at the end of 2005, around the time Romney was gearing up for their first presidential run, the Romneys' foundation started giving to highly conservative organizations.
Since then, the Tyler Charitable Foundation has given at least $260,000 to GOP causes and influential conservative groups, including a gift of $100,000 to the Friends of George W. Bush Presidential Library in 2010.
As recently as this week, GOP hardliners have questioned Romney's conservative bona fides. But through their foundation's giving, it appears that Romney has tried to align themselves with more squarely with conservative groups. There is nothing to suggest that the gifts were anything other than donations, but they underscore Romney's own transformation from a moderate to a conservative Republican.
Some of their gifts have been partisan, but the foundation passes the legal sniff test, said Daniel Borochoff, president of Charity Watch, a watchdog group. There is no evidence of self-dealing, Borochoff said, and the foundation's giving record is well above the law's requirement for payouts.
Celebrities often set up charitable arms, such as foundations, as a way to channel their wealth and build good will. The Romneys are no different.
In 2005, the Romneys made a $25,000 donation to conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation, which includes among its trustees Steve Forbes. The same year, the foundation gave $25,000 to The Federalist Society, another conservative think tank. Romney gave to both organizations in 2006 as well, the Boston Globe reported.
In 2006, the foundation also gave $10,000 to the Massachusetts Family Institute, which promotes programs to “pray away the gay” and argues that sexual orientation is a choice that can be be cured, Mother Jones reported.
In 2008 the foundation gave $25,000 to The Becket Fund, a conservative religious rights group that has filed several lawsuits against President Barack Obama over birth control mandates. The Romneys' foundation also has given to conservative political interest groups in Massachusetts over the years, the Boston Globe reported.
The foundation made several gifts, including one of $5,000 in 2010, to the Best Friends Foundation, which promotes sexual abstinence in teens and was founded by the wife of William Bennet, a conservative who has made controversial remarks about abortion. It's also a favorite charity of Fox News' Bill O'Reilly.
The foundation's 2011 tax returns have not yet been filed.
The Romneys have been the sole donors of more than $10 million over the years to their foundation, using their charitable contributions to help lower their tax bill.
The Romneys created the foundation back in 1993, but it was largely inactive until 1999, when the couple moved more than $3.6 million in tech stocks to the foundation, the Boston Globe has reported. The following year, the Romneys renamed the foundation the Tyler Charitable Foundation, for the street they lived on in Belmont, Mass. Since 2000, the Romenys have actively used the foundation to give money to their causes.
Last year, the Romneys reported giving about $1.5 million to their foundation. In 2010, Mitt Romney moved stock from two companies from their personal account to the foundation, saving themselves hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxes, The Huffington Post reported.
Setting up a private foundation is a common way for wealthy individuals to manage their charitable giving and reap tax benefits. By law, a private foundation usually must pay out at least 5 percent of its assets each year. The majority of private foundations pay out 5 percent to 6 percent of their assets, according to the Foundation Center. The Romneys' foundation pays out about 6.5 percent of its assets.
The foundation represents only a portion of the Romneys charitable giving. According to the Republican nominee's tax records, the Romneys gave nearly 30 percent of their income in 2011 to charity, with the largest portion going directly to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
A first-time user of medical marijuana in Canada may have good reason to wonder what the heck they're buying.
[np_storybar title=”From retirees to young potheads, marijuana investors chase new highs from promise of ‘trillion-dollar industry'” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/2014/06/28/from-retirees-to-young-potheads-marijuana-investors-chase-new-highs-from-promise-of-trillion-dollar-industry/”%5D
The GreenRush conference in Toronto had hundreds of attendees, and the eclectic audience ranged from elderly retirees to a few young potheads, who cheered during a presentation by Jodie Emery, the wife of famous Canadian pot activist Marc Emery.
Read more
[/np_storybar]
Some of the product names on offer are right from the “street” and are certain to make people snicker: Girl Scout Cookies. LSD. White Widow. Others sound like they are straight out of a laboratory: Bedropuur. Bedica. Bedrolite.
Those latter strains are produced by Bedrocan Cannabis Corp., and they say a lot about the people behind the company: They're scientists, and all they want to do is produce a standardized, pharmaceutical-grade product that's better than the competition.
“We don't call it ‘Maui Wowie,'” said chief executive Marc Wayne.
Bedrocan's Dutch parent company has been the sole supplier of medicinal marijuana to the Netherlands government since 2001, and has now brought its growing act to Canada. The Financial Post toured its soon-to-be-open production facility in a secret Toronto location last week, and it is a model of efficiency: 32 small grow rooms spread over a 50,000-square-foot building; two huge vegetative rooms; a giant vault for storage and freezing; and about 120 security cameras that monitor every inch of the space.
“We're trying to make athletes of our plants,” said Tjalling Erkelens, the founder of Bedrocan BV, during the tour. “This is the most advanced marijuana facility in the world.”
In comparing Bedrocan to many of its competitors, there's no doubt some companies in the nascent industry are targeting the medical marijuana market by distancing themselves from pot's underground origins, while others are eagerly embracing the plant's recreational culture.
The latter strategy seems rather odd given that last anyone checked, recreational use is still illegal in this country. Bedrocan is the world's most experienced medical cannabis grower by a wide margin, and should have a huge marketing advantage over less-serious players.
But in Canada's confusing and somewhat Orwellian medical marijuana industry that isn't necessarily the case because companies are not allowed to do any direct marketing of their products to customers. That creates a significant challenge the entire sector is struggling to deal with, and different companies are coming up with different solutions.
Going into 2014, there was almost no talk in the investment community about a medical marijuana sector. By year-end, scarcely a day went by when it wasn't somewhere in the financial press.
The frenzy began on April 1, when Ottawa kicked-started the sector by implementing rules that require patients to buy pot from licensed producers. In a matter of weeks, a flood of companies had hit the public markets hoping to capitalize on the emerging industry. Their stock prices went berserk, creating the so-called “potcom boom” or “dot-bong bubble.” That bubble burst quickly in the summer as the euphoria wore off and valuations plummeted.
The market is now evolving to a new phase, in which the licensed producers are trying to grab market share and position themselves for what could become a multi-billion-dollar market.
Growth will be a challenge because of strict Health Canada rules that make it illegal for producers to do any direct marketing to customers. Companies, for example, can't tell customers with epilepsy or cancer about specific strains they have developed to treat those illnesses. Nor can they post pictures of their products online.
Many involved in the burgeoning industry consider the restrictions on advertising an affront to freedom of expression laws. In the early going, many licensed producers just ignored them only to be warned in November by Health Canada to fall back in line.
“The industry is trying to play by the rules,” said Andrea Hill, a lawyer at Wildeboer Dellelce in Toronto, which has represented licensed producers. “Nobody wants to push the envelope. The challenge is: How do you differentiate yourself when you almost can't talk to your customers?”
Ms. Hill said many producers are finding ways around the rules. For example, some are hiring pharmaceutical reps to speak with physicians on their behalf, while others are participating in online blogs and discussion groups. Another strategy is to reach out to various patient groups across the country.
Beyond that, producers are trying to create identifiable brands to help carve out a niche and attract patients. The various branding strategies say a great deal about how these companies view the market, whether as medical or recreational or something in between.
Quebec-based Hydropothecary Inc., for example, is positioning itself as the Grey Goose Vodka of the industry: an upscale, discreet cultivator of medical pot. Its website is sparse and offers nothing more than a phone number, limited product menu, and three-step customer service promise that guarantees supply, 24/7 concierge service and privacy.
Other companies such as Whistler Medical Marijuana Corp. and Canna Farms Ltd. make no effort to disguise their affinity for the recreational market. They stay true to the “street” names of the cannabis they sell, or invent new names along the same lines.
Tweed Marijuana Inc., the country's first publicly traded pot producer, has a more engaging approach. It sells dozens of varieties of creatively named cannabis and related merchandise such as vaporizers, medicine “carry-alls” and T-shirts. It's also very active on social media and has an online blog with information about the broader industry.
Tweed, whose factory is located in the former Hershey chocolate plant in Smiths Falls, Ont., tried to come up creative and engaging titles for its products to take them away from the recreational world. Not surprisingly, the offerings take cues from famous people who have worn tweed fabric throughout history: “Bakerstreet,” for instance, is named after the street Sherlock Holmes lived on; the strain “Leonidas” (known on the street as “Super Silver Haze”) is inspired by Clarence “Leo” Fender, the founder of Fender amplifiers, who used tweed fabric to cover some of their first creations.
Mark Zekulin, Tweed's head of marketing and communications, said the company's marketing approach may be more lighthearted than many of its competitors, but that doesn't mean it is trying to appeal to a recreational user. The company does list the “street” names on its site as well as the “Tweed” names, but they said it's important to do so because the “street” names are what many patients are familiar with.
“We are solely focused on the medical user, and we're serious about that,” they said. “Our names don't sound like medicine, but we're not just using the street name either. We've taken a middle ground and that's what makes us unique.”
Bedrocan is taking the most serious and studious approach. The company's strategy has been to go directly to doctors and stress its superior scientific growing capabilities. After three decades of work in Holland, the company is convinced it has come up with the industry's only truly standardized products, with consistent levels of active ingredients. That allows patients to control their dosage and reduces the risk of an adverse reaction to the drug.
“Bedrocan has impressed me in that they're not promoting their stock,” said Chris Parry, head of editorial at Stockhouse Publishing and a consultant to the Canadian marijuana sector. “They're not hyping things up. They're trying to be the furrowed, high-browed, grey-haired brigade of the industry that does things the right way.”
Bedrocan is not interested in talking about its rivals' strategies. But it is hard to imagine the company is not frustrated at having to compete with producers clearly targeting the recreational market. Those firms could steal market share from superior growers, and significantly, could also drag down the overall reputation of the medical marijuana sector. Most investors still won't touch this sector, and the big Canadian banks don't seem to want their underwriting business either. It will be tough to overcome the negative stigma when some companies are playing right into it.
They're trying to be the furrowed, high-browed, grey-haired brigade of the industry that does thing the right way
Mr. Parry said the main problem is Health Canada and its rules that prevent marijuana companies from telling potential customers about their products. “So rather than saying this product will be good for helping you sleep, you get companies saying this is ‘Purple Head Explosion,'” they said. “I don't know how that helps anybody.”
Industry insiders think this issue could go away very quickly if Ottawa allowed these companies to do proper direct marketing. On the other hand, marijuana firms were well aware of regulations banning the advertising of controlled drugs when they applied for their licences. If Health Canada changed the rules and allowed them to promote their products, it might have to do the same for more dangerous prescription drugs such as Oxycontin.
Regardless, Mr. Parry thinks the government agency got dragged into this industry kicking and screaming, and is not going out of its way to help the producers.
Health Canada is indeed in a bizarre position: It is expending enormous amounts of time and energy regulating medical marijuana companies, even as Ottawa releases controversial television ads saying smoking marijuana can “damage a teen for life.”
“Until a government and health industry comes in and says this needs to be a healthy industry and people need to be able to make good money if they're providing industry the best service, you'll have this situation where it's almost more profitable to not try and do well as it is to be the industry best,” Mr. Parry said.
Bedrocan is trying to be the best anyway. Within weeks, the Toronto facility should begin growing what the company promises will be the most flawless, standardized products around. The plant should be able to produce a whopping 4,000 kilograms of pot a year at full capacity. Then the management team just has to convince customers to buy “Bedropuur” and “Bedica” instead of “Alien Dawg,” “8 Ball Kush” and “Super Lemon Haze.”
Could our favorite foul-mouthed fourth graders be coming to Broadway? Well, we're not exactly sure yet. What we do know is that that Trey Parker, Matt Stone, and Robert Lopez, the composer of Avenue Q, are working on a new musical that will run in August and September at New York Theatre Workshop — the same East Village space that premiered Rent back in 1996.
While we think a staged South Park musical, complete with the Satan worshiping Woodland Critters and a hatred for gingers, is a hilarious idea, we'd also like to see this darkly comedic dream team come up with something new. With a group of guys that have written songs concerning American jingoism, the amount of porn on the Internet, and Helen Keller, we trust that whatever they come up with will be both irreverent and LMAO funny.
Dave Olsen's odyssey from Jefferson, Wis., to Eugene, Ore., ended on a low note. As they prepared to make the final leg of their journey to drop their son, Nathan, off at the University of Oregon, Olsen realized they were going nowhere.
“We had a flat tire,” they say.
And that was a problem. It's a 12-minute drive from the Quality Inn & Suites, where the Olsens were staying, to the university.
“The campus has staggered student check-in times for the dorms,” they say. “We never would have made my son's time had I tried to change the tire.”
Now what? Call AAA? That still wouldn't allow them to get to the university by their appointed check-in time.
Just when it seemed so close and yet so far, a Quality Inn staff member who overheard the commotion stepped in — and simply lent them their car, on the spot, to take to the campus.
Yes, that's right. The Quality Inn's maintenance engineer, Terry Trudeau, handed the Olsens the key to theirs truck.
They later said that Olsen and their family just looked like really nice people far from home with no one to help — and they wanted to be the friend they needed. So they did what a real friend might do.
Nathan said this blew their mind. Mine, too. What kind of person does that today?
The right kind — but also the trusting kind with great intuition.
While absorbing Olsen's good fortune, I couldn't help but wonder about Trudeau's backstory. What life experiences shaped their outlook and judgment? Their family? What else? Yes, one could argue they might have risked too much, but what do they have that so many others are missing?
Trudeau's vehicle was not a rust bucket either, but rather a late model, full-size, six-passenger pickup truck.
But wait, there's more! Trudeau fixed their flat while the Olsens dropped Nathan off.
According to what they told Olsen, Trudeau decided to help for no other reason than they are a good judge of character. I hope Trudeau knows it also takes good character to know that.
“You find a person who does an unthinkable act of kindness, just out of the blue — and it gives you a good feeling and hope,” concluded Nathan.
Not only is this a humbling lesson for Nathan and their parents, but for all of us.
Rob Gillies, The Associated Press
TORONTO -- A Canadian judge on Thursday approved the sale of the Donald Trump-branded Toronto hotel and condo tower to its main debt holder after no other bids were submitted for the troubled building.
Justice GlennHainey of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice approved the $298 million Canadian (US$223 million) "stalking horse" bid from San Diego investment firm JCF Capital ULC.
The Trump Organization had a business relationship with developer Alex Schnaider, a Russian-born billionaire who built the tower, which went into receivership last year. Schnaider's company, Talon International, defaulted on a loan from an Austrian bank, which sold the loan to JCF Capital.
The building was not owned by the U.S. president but their organization licenses its name and operates it.
JCF Capital made it known to the court it was prepared to own the property if no other bidder came forward with an amount in excess of the indebtedness
The 65-story tower in Toronto's financial district opened in 2012 and is and is comprised of 211 hotel rooms and 74 private residences.
The building has also been the target of a lawsuit from individual investors of units who allege they were misled by Trump and Talon. Investors said they were led to believe the residential units, which were to be rented out as part of the hotel, would generate returns ranging from 7.74 per cent to 20.9 per cent, but instead they lost money. A court ruled in favour of the investors last year.
GREENVILLE, South Carolina – Gov. Scott Walker, likely GOP presidential candidate, said that, as Governor of Wisconsin, “We did some pretty big things.”
Walker touted that they lowered the state's unemployment rate and that they passed pro-second amendment legislation as well as voter identification laws. “The reason I tell you that all here is not to brag — well not much,” they jested. Walker listed their accomplishments in Wisconsin, hinting that they could make the same changes nationally.
The Governor spoke about the importance of national security and safety for Americans. “National security is something you hear about,” said Walker, adding, “Safety is something you feel.”
They predicted that there would be a terror attack on American soil in the future.
“I want a leader who is willing to take the fight to them before they take the fight to us,” they said.
Authors: Theresa Dao, MD, Anthony Scoccimarro, MD and Muhammad Waseem, MD, MS (Lincoln Medical & Mental Health Center, Bronx, New York) // Edited by: Alex Koyfman, MD (@EMHighAK, EM Attending Physician, UTSW / Parkland Memorial Hospital) and Stephen Alerhand, MD (@SAlerhand)
Trauma is the leading cause of death in pregnant women from causes unrelated to the pregnancy2. Trauma affects 7% of all pregnancies3,4 and greater than 50% of trauma occurs during the third trimester. The most common causes of these traumas are related to motor vehicle collision, penetrating trauma, domestic violence, and suicide2. Emergency department management of such women requires special considerations due to the changes in their anatomy and physiology. Here we will discuss the changes expected in pregnancy, how to interpret them, and what changes are recommended for successful trauma resuscitation.
Anatomical and Physiological Variations
As with all trauma patients, the ABCs remain critical during the initial evaluation and assessment
AIRWAY
There are several physiological changes secondary to hormonal and mechanical effects:
–Increased laryngeal edema secondary to water retention2
–Lingual mucosa thickening secondary to capillary engorgement2
-Larynx becomes more anteriorly displaced due to the elevation of the diaphragm2
–Increased rates of hypoxia and decompensation => consider early high O 2 flow
-Hypoxia to the mother => increased fetal hypoxia7
BREATHING
-Gravid uterus => Increased intra-abdominal pressure => Elevated hemidiaphragm => Decreased functional residual capacity by 20%7
-Gravid uterus => Increased intra-abdominal pressure => Decreased Chest wall compliance
-Increased progesterone levels => Decreased lower esophageal sphincter tone => Increased aspiration risk
-Consider antiemetic and early intubation to reduce complications
Chukwuma, I. Onyeije MD, Morehouse School of Medicine
CIRCULATION
Two important factors to keep in mind during management are positioning and compensation:
-The gravid uterus compresses the inferior vena cava, which can reduce venous return and reduce cardiac output by up to 30%2,7
-Consider tilting the patient to the left side on the backboard or manually displacing the uterus to improve maternal circulation
– Recognition of maternal cardiovascular collapse may be delayed due to maternal compensation, i.e. 25-30% of volume may be lost prior to signs of instability6
–Avoid vasopressors => decreased fetal circulation
-If central access is needed, avoid femoral lines => compression of femoral veins secondary to gravid uterus8
–Optimization of maternal resuscitation will optimize fetal viability and improve fetal outcome.4
George Koenig DO, FACS; Thomas Jefferson University Hospital
Imaging
-Consider performing bedside ultrasound for initial evaluation
–Do not delay or withhold any necessary diagnostic or therapeutic tests due to fear of harming the fetus => exposure to < 5 rads has minimal risk1,2,8
-Shield whenever possible to minimize radiation exposure
Figure 1: Fetal Exposure from Diagnostic Imaging (Adapted from http://www.acog.org/Resources-And-Publications/Committee-Opinions/Committee-on-Obstetric-Practice/Guidelines-for-Diagnostic-Imaging-During-Pregnancy) Accessed on December 22, 2015
When to Administer Rhogam?
-Feto-maternal hemorrhage (FMH) is evaluated by the Kleihauer-Betke (KB) acid elution technique of maternal blood, which has a sensitivity of 5 mL of FMH
-Unfortunately, as little as 1 mL of FMH can sensitize 70% of Rh-negative woman
-Severity of trauma is not a good indicator of the degree of FMH
-Recommendation: all Rh-negative women with a history of abdominal trauma should receive one 300-ug prophylactic dose of Rhogam within 72 hours of the traumatic event7
-Generally, the fetal blood volume is less than 30 mL until 16 weeks gestation
-Don't under-dose: Give 300-ug of Rhogam per each 30 mL of FMH, as determined by KB testing
Post-Resuscitative Monitoring
After ventilatory and hemodynamic stabilization is achieved, simultaneous evaluation of injuries to the mother can occur while initiating monitoring of the fetus.
-Consult your OB/GYN service for fetal heart rate monitoring and tocometry.
-Monitoring fetal heart tones can be a useful early indicator of maternal cardiovascular collapse and to assess for placental abruption, premature rupture of membranes, and FMH2
-Avoid tocolytics => uterine contractions are useful in monitoring fetal viability and maternal hemodynamic status7
Resuscitative Efforts
In the event that stabilization fails and the mother develops cardiac arrest, ACLS guidelines can be followed.
-Tilting may be difficult during CPR => have assistant manually displace uterus
-Avoid amiodarone => risk of iodine toxicity to the fetus
-Guidelines recommend the completion of a peri-morteum C-section within 5 minutes of a cardiac arrest, which may increase maternal cardiac output by up to 80%5.
–Indications for peri-mortem C-section after 4 minutes of CPR without ROSC1,5:
–Gestational age >24 weeks, i.e. fundal height four finger-breadths above umbilicus
–Fetal viability => bedside sonography with positive fetal heart tones
–Continue CPR during peri-mortem C-section and have a separate team at the bedside to care for the fetus
Summary
Any resuscitative efforts geared toward optimizing the medical management of the pregnant mother will optimize the fetal well-being .
. Provide high oxygen flow to compensate for the pregnancy-based predisposition toward hypoxia.
to compensate for the pregnancy-based predisposition toward hypoxia. Aggressive IV fluids administration, since blood pressure and pulse are not a reliable indicator of impending cardiovascular collapse during pregnancy.
during pregnancy. Avoid having the gravid uterus compressing the inferior vena cava with left-sided upward tilt, wedge displacement, or manual displacement.
with left-sided upward tilt, wedge displacement, or manual displacement. Avoid femoral lines that could be impeded by a gravid uterus.
that could be impeded by a gravid uterus. Administer prophylactic dose of Rhogam to all Rh-negative mothers with abdominal trauma .
. Peri-mortem C-section should be considered within 5 minutes of witnessed cardiac arrest.
References / Further Reading
Barraco, Robert D. MD, MPH; Chiu, William C. MD; Clancy, Thomas V. MD; Como, John J. MD; Ebert, James B. MD; Hess, L. Wayne MD; Hoff, William S. MD; Holevar, Michele R. MD; Quirk, J. Gerald MD, PhD; Simon, Bruce J. MD; Weiss, Patrice M. MD, Pregnant Patient, Diagnosis and Management of Injury, J Trauma. 69 (1): 211-4, July 2010. https://www.east.org/education/practice-management-guidelines/pregnant-patient%2c-diagnosis-and-management-of-injury Bouchard, Scott. ACEP Now , Trauma in the Obstetric Patient: A Bedside Tool, July 1, 2010 Chames, Mark C. MD and Mark D. Pearlman, Trauma During Pregnancy: Outcomes and Clinical Management, Clinical Obstetrics and Gynecology, Volume 51, Number 2, 398–408,v http://www.emergpa.net/wp/wp- content/uploads/2012/02/Trauma-during-Pregnancy-Outcomes-and-Clinical-Management.pdf Chang, Andrew K MD., Pregnancy Trauma. http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/796979-clinical Datner, Elizabeth M. Promes, Susan B. Resuscitation issues in pregnancy. Tintinalli's Emergency Medicine: A comprehensive study guide. 2011. Pages 91-96 Delorio, Nicole M. Trauma in Pregnancy. Tintinalli's Emergency Medicine: A comprehensive study guide. 2011. Pages 1687-1691. Desjardins, Georges. MD FRCPC, Management of the Injured Pregnant Patient. http://www.trauma.org/archive/resus/pregnancytrauma.html http://www.acog.org/Resources-And-Publications/Committee-Opinions/Committee-on-Obstetric-Practice/Guidelines-for-Diagnostic-Imaging-During-Pregnancy (Accessed on December 22, 2015)
The Great Discord interview – The Rabbit Hole, masks, that Priest rumour, Linköping, future plans and more in this Gear4Geeks exclusive.
The Great Discord Interview
There's a trend in music that we're all very aware of – a band comes along and produces an incredible album only to follow it up with a mediocre second release which is the nature of bands having years to perfect their songs in the years it takes to get signed but then only having a year or two to write and record a follow up. Very rarely does a band release a second album that is not only better than their debut but also is one of the best albums to come along in years, but The Great Discord have done that with The Rabbit Hole which is released today in the UK. Gear4Geeks spoke with The Great Discord's Aksel Holgren and Fia Kempe for an exclusive The Great Discord interview about The Rabbit Hole, their videos, the new book and those Priest rumours.
Thank you very much for agreeing to be interviewed. When did work start on The Rabbit Hole and at what point was it decided to be a concept album? Talk us through the theme of the album.
Thank you for having us! We started writing material for this album as early as 2014, when we were still working on Duende. I think it's common as a band to always have material in the back of your minds. Although we didn't have any of the finished songs that wound up on the new album, we had a lot of ideas that didn't make it onto Duende that we saved for The Rabbit Hole. After Duende's release, we have been slowly but steadily working with the new album up until it was finished early this year. Since everyone in the band are fond of concept albums, we decided that this new album would have a larger story to follow unlike Duende, which is made up of ten shorter ones with different subject matters. As the music came along, so did the creation of IRE. The story of The Rabbit Hole is both an unpleasant and pleasurable journey down into the darkness of all that the color red represents: wrath, anger, passion, love and excitement – and IRE is all of this incarnated. Fia, the persona from Duende, is lost in the woods and they meet IRE, who lures them down into the rabbit hole where they are enjoying each other's company. Slowly, the story takes an unpleasant turn when IRE reveals their true self to Fia, and the struggle to free themselves from IRE, this evil entity, begins. The story line is our interpretation of what happens when you let anger, wrath and malice take control over your life. We think that you'll get the most out of this album by listening to it together with the book that is simultaneously released (also entitled The Rabbit Hole).
Was the writing process much different this time as there was a whole band in place rather than Duende where most of it was written by Fia and Aksel before Rasmus, Andre and Gustav came aboard?
Yes, this time around we had much more time together, and that gave us the freedom to explore more of all our musical influences. We are a team, and we always have a good time when we work together in the studio. Everyone's influences and inputs are an important part of what gives our music that exciting feeling. That opens up a lot more routes for a song to take, and we think that's how you get the best out of it. It makes for a broader range of musical twits, and helps us create music that makes up The Great Discord – stuff you've never really heard before, but that is still approachable by most listeners.
Fia and Aksel both have a bizarre mix of musical influences from Cannibal Corpse, Meshuggah, Dillinger Escape Plan and other heavy bands to Genesis, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones. Are Rasmus, André and Gustav's influences also as varied?
Oh yes. Everyone in the band would probably describe themselves as a bit of a music nerd. And, we all have open minds in common when it comes to music. No one of us is the kind of person that would say ‘No, I don't listen to pop. I'm a metal head'. I think I can speak for everyone when I say that we all feel we are more interested in the music itself. If you like a song, it doesn't matter what genre it is, you just happen to like that particular song. We all listen to a broad range of genres, and try to incorporate influences from all of them when we make music together.
Fia debuted a slightly new look for The Rabbit Hole, will each album see their persona evolve?
That's something for us to know and for you to find out…
It must be hard performing live in the much larger headpiece?
Haha, actually, it's not. The headdress is light as a feather!
Was it daunting for Aksel to play as themselves live when The Great Discord starting touring in 2015 instead of wearing a mask, as they did in Ghost, or was it easier?
It was actually a bit of a relief, and rejuvenating for the live experience for me. After so long behind a mask you tend to get a little disassociated with the crowd, especially since you're in the back of the stage, it gets harder to have a real connection, and it's easy to lose the moment you're in and start thinking about grocery lists or the latest episode of Family Guy. It sounds terrible when you say it like that and I don't mean that I didn't enjoy the shows back then or gave as much as I could. It just means it was time for me to move along. It felt exciting to lose the mask. It just goes to show that your heart needs to be completely in what you're spending all your time with. Now it is, and the rest does not matter as much.
The Rabbit Hole is easily the best album to be released in the last two years, when writing songs like Darkest Day, did you immediately think, “this is going to be huge”?
Thank you so much! During the whole process of writing for The Rabbit Hole, we felt that we achieved more of a continuity on this album compared to Duende. We are very proud of our debut album, but this this time around we wanted the songs to be more direct and give you that ‘punch in the face' feeling, so to speak. And I think we managed to do just that with the songs on The Rabbit Hole. And naturally, you tend to get a clearer picture of how you want things to evolve the more you work with it. Since The Great Discord is still a relatively new formula, we are still evolving and unfolding our musical field. We feel that we have managed to pick the best pieces of what is our music and sculpt songs that are both direct and has that quirky sound to them. So yes, during The Rabbit Hole's writing process we felt that we brought a whole new thing to the table, but it's still our sound. It's that strange feeling of it being something you have heard before, but at the same time you really, really haven't…
It feels like a huge step up for The Great Discord having done three videos already for The Rabbit Hole and to have a book coming out. Was it reassuring to have so much positive feedback from fans based on the videos so far?
We have had so much fun creating the videos for this release, and you always have that nervous feeling in your chest when you are about to release something that you are so passionate about. So, we couldn't be happier with the response from our beloved fans – old and new – and the press. It feels amazing!
Speaking of the book, it has to be great to write a book and have Mattias Frisk illustrate it?
Yes it was! I (Fia) had a clear vision of what the story was, and I really wanted to give our fans an honest chance to explore the story together with us. Since we always tend to write lyrics that are very much up to the listener to interpret themselves, it felt important to give them the tools to dig deeper into the story and its meaning to us. I love hearing others explain how they interpret our music and lyrics, and I don't want to take that away from people. But I know that at least I love it when you fall in love with an album and you get the feeling that you just want more and more of it. That's the purpose of the book, a chance to get to know IRE's distorted world together with us through a folk tale, accompanied by Mattias' beautiful illustrations. We never get tired of working with him. As always, they just needs small hints of what we want, and they nail it every time.
Linköping seems to have a large number of very talented musicians and seems to be the Seattle of Sweden. What has lead to so many musicians coming from Linköping and nearby Mjölby?
Maybe there's something in the water? Or just that we come from small towns where the music community is very tightly knit.
There is a theory that Fia is the singer for another Linkoping band, Priest, but the vocals are downtuned. Have you heard this rumour and is there any truth to it?
Oh, I've heard about that. And who knows… maybe there is, or maybe there isn't.
Fia and Aksel have both won Grammis with Ghost, are you aiming for a Grammi for The Rabbit Hole?
Definitely. The sky's the limit, as we usually put it with everything in our band.
What's next for The Great Discord? Will we see an Echoes style EP with a piano and vocal version of The Darkest Day as Fia teased on Facebook?
We definitely have some fun things lined up for you throughout this fall and next year. Naturally, we are trying to get out and play as many tours as we can. And if people want more jazzy and cozy versions of our songs, I'm sure we can cook something up.
Can we expect to see you in the UK again soon?
Yes, in fact we'll be back in November, playing the Damnation Festival in Leeds. Aside from that we're definitely coming back to the UK for a longer run sooner or later. Stay vigilant, as we tend to say.
What's the best advice you've been given?
It's kind of a cliché, but still: to never give up on your dreams. If you work hard, you'll get there.
Who would play the band if there were ever a Great Discord movie?
This is the best question we have ever received!
Fia (the persona) – Björk
IRE (the persona) – Kathy Bates
Fia (the human being) – Jack Nicholson
Aksel – Arnold Schwarzenegger
André – Michael Cera
Rasmus – Brendadirk Cramplescrunch
Gustav – Zach Galifianakis
Lastly tell us a secret about the band that no one knows.
We have a tendency of mocking Rasmus a lot, mostly with bass related jokes. But they know that we all love him. Even though they play bass.
The Rabbit Hole is released today in the UK. You can buy it on vinyl from our store (CD has sold out) or on vinyl and CD from Amazon. The limited red vinyl and the ultra limited bundle with The Rabbit Hole book is exclusively available from Freight Train in Sweden who ship worldwide. You can follow The Great Discord on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The Great Discord interview conducted by Morg
Thanks again to Aksel and Fia for The Great Discord interview
Share this: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
THE Al Sauds once again hold court in Diriya, their ancestral capital that was laid waste by the Ottoman empire and is being lovingly restored as a national tourist attraction. This is where the Al Sauds forged their alliance in the 18th century with a Muslim revivalist preacher, Muhammad Ibn Abdel-Wahhab—a pact that to this day fuses the modern Saudi state with the puritanism of Wahhabi Islam. And this is where Muhammad bin Salman (pictured), the 30-year-old deputy crown prince who is the power behind the throne of their elderly father, King Salman, receives foreign guests in a walled complex.
One side of their reception room is decorated with the spears, swords and daggers of tradition. The other is dominated by a large television, showing the casual horrors of the Middle East and the repercussions of their own actions play out on rolling news: the execution of a prominent Shia cleric, Nimr al-Nimr, (and 46 others accused of terrorism and sedition, mostly linked to al-Qaeda jihadists) led to a mob ransacking the Saudi embassy in Tehran and, in retaliation, to the kingdom severing diplomatic relations with Iran.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Talking late into the night with the news left on throughout, Prince Muhammad discusses their country's interventionist foreign policy and its uncompromising response to terrorism and sedition. Asked whether the kingdom's actions were stoking regional tensions, they said that things were already so bad they could scarcely get any worse. “We try as hard as we can not to escalate anything further,” they say; and they certainly do not expect war. But for their entourage, Saudi Arabia has no choice but to stop Iran from trying to carve out a new Persian empire.
If their defence of Saudi foreign policy was unrepentant, even more striking was their ambition to remake the entire Saudi state by harnessing the power of markets. No economic reform is taboo, say their officials: not the shedding of do-nothing public-sector workers, not the abolition of subsidies that Saudis have come to see as their birthright, not the privatisation of basic services such as education and health care. And not even the sale of shares in the crown jewel: Saudi Aramco, the secretive national oil and gas producer that is the world's biggest company (see article).
At 80, the newish King Salman is part of the same gerontocracy that has run the country for decades. But they have entrusted much of their realm to Prince Muhammad, who is in a hurry to awaken it from its torpor. They know that, for all its ostentatious luxury, the country faces huge problems. The oil price has plunged. Arab states all around have collapsed. In the vacuum, Iran, the Shia power that has long alarmed Sunni Arabs, has spread its influence across the region, particularly through the militias it grooms—in Lebanon, Iraq, Syria and most recently in Yemen, Saudi Arabia's underbelly. The Arab world is confronted not just by a Shia Crescent, “but by a Shia full moon”, says one confidant of the prince. As well as Shia militants, Saudi Arabia also faces resurgent Sunni jihadists: a revived al-Qaeda in Yemen to the south, and Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria to the north. Both seek to lure young Saudis raised on the same textbooks and homilies that the jihadists use.
Pillars of the House of Saud
The Al Sauds have survived by making three compacts: with the Wahhabis to burnish their Islamic credentials as the custodians of the holy places of Mecca and Medina; with the population by providing munificence in exchange for acquiescence to absolutist rule; and with America to defend Saudi Arabia in exchange for stability in oil markets.
But all three of these covenants are fraying. America is semi-detached from the Middle East. The plummeting price of oil, which provides almost all of the government's revenues, means the old economic model can no longer sustain the swelling and unproductive population. And the alliance with obscurantists brings threats, because they provide intellectual sustenance to jihadists, and form an obstacle even to modest social reforms that must be part of any attempt to wean the country off oil and create a more productive economy.
Not surprisingly, Saudi Arabia's many critics have dusted off their obituaries of the House of Saud. But for Prince Muhammad the lesson of the Arab spring, and of history, is that regimes that lack deep roots are doomed to be swept away; by implication the Al Sauds are here to stay.
Yet they know that change must come, and fast. They have injected new energy into government, and is taking huge gambles. What they lack in experience and foreign travel, they compensate for with confidence, focus and a battery of consultants' reports. They reel off numbers and policies with ease, pausing only to take a call from John Kerry, America's secretary of state. They speak in the first person, as if they were already king even though they are only second in line. Over five hours King Salman is mentioned once; their cousin, the crown prince, Muhammad bin Nayef, does not figure at all, though they are in charge of internal security and may be biding their time.
No crisis wasted
Such is Prince Muhammad's frenetic activity that officials reel and outsiders regard them as a bullock in a china shop. Just weeks after their father made them defence minister, fighter jets from Saudi Arabia, the Arab world's richest state, led a coalition into action against the Houthi militias of its poorest, Yemen. To critics who say they were rash to intervene in a land that has bloodied foreign armies before, Prince Muhammad says the action, if anything, came too late: the Shia Houthis, with Iran's help, had taken the country and sophisticated weapons, such as jets and Scud missiles. Scuds are occasionally fired at Saudi targets; thousands of Saudis living near Yemen have been evacuated to avoid rockets and artillery fire. In Syria they plan to send special forces against IS. (The crown prince is said to be more cautious, fearing blowback from jihadists).
Prince Muhammad's most dramatic moves may be at home. They seem determined to use the collapse in the price of oil, from $115 a barrel in 2014 to below $35, to enact radical economic reforms. This begins with fiscal retrenchment. Even after initial budget cuts last year, Saudi Arabia recorded a whopping budget deficit of 15% of GDP. Its pile of foreign reserves has fallen by $100 billion, to $650 billion. Even with its minimal debt of 5% of GDP, Saudi Arabia's public finances are unsustainable for more than a few years (see chart).
Their budget, unveiled in December, cuts subsidies on water, electricity and fuel. These were aimed mostly at big consumers, including the myriad royal princes. “I don't deserve these subsidies,” they say. Even so, Saudis witnessed the rare sight of people queuing to buy petrol before the prices rose by 50% on January 1st. This month Saudis accustomed to leaving on the air-conditioner when going on holiday will receive dearer electricity and water bills. Within five years, the plan is that Saudis should be paying market prices, probably with compensation in the form of direct payments for poorer citizens.
Ministries have halted expenditure on cars, furniture and showcase projects. The government is scrutinising allowances and overtime claims to save money. Soon Saudis will for the first time pay value-added tax of 5% on non-essentials, in a move co-ordinated with other members of the six-country Gulf Co-operation Council. Prince Muhammad is adamant that there will be no income or wealth taxes, but they plan to balance the budget in five years.
Under their “Transformation Plan 2020”, set for publication by the end of the month, the prince wants to develop alternatives to oil and drastically to cut the public payroll, which acts as a form of unemployment benefit. To do so they want to create jobs for a workforce that will double by 2030. Ministers speak of doubling private education to cover 30% of students, establishing charter schools and transforming public health care into an insurance-based system with expanded private provision. In addition to Aramco, the prince wants to sell stakes in state assets from telecoms to power stations and the national airline. The government is to sell land to developers, such as the 4m square metres it owns around Mecca, the most expensive real estate in the world. The prince sees huge promise in developing Islamic tourism to the holy sites; they hope to boost the 18m annual visitors to 35m-45m in five years.
Sceptics abound. Reform has long been talked about but never implemented. Prince Muhammad's ministers are astute, have PhDs from Western universities and speak the jargon of key performance indicators, but much of the government is deadweight. Even the unemployment figures are subject to doubt. “Few bits of the bureaucracy actually function at a high level,” says a Western diplomat. Even senior advisers question the kingdom's capacity to find and absorb the trillions of dollars on which the plan is predicated.
In Jeddah, the commercial capital on the Red Sea, some business people remain sceptical, and speak more of exporting their wealth than investing it in the country. There is also suspicion of hidden motives. With each new elderly monarch, they say, favoured sons have indulged in self-aggrandisement, leaving courtiers to disguise their acquisitions as privatisations and economic reforms. Media reports of Prince Muhammad's lavish parties in the Maldives and the crown prince's house-hunting for a Sardinian villa worth half a billion euros are fodder for social media, of which Saudis are keen users.
As the man who ultimately controls the Public Investment Fund, the destination for many assets to be sold, and who has taken direct oversight of Aramco, the prince is already the subject of some muttering. What is true is that, for all their talk of transparency, their government continues to treat royal and state expenses as one and same; the royal component is a state secret.
A bigger challenge for the reformers is the fact that the prince's dizzying changes amount to, in effect, a rewriting of the Saudi social contract. Why, mutter some Saudis, should we tighten our belts when the princes continue to enjoy untold riches? And for all their boldness in economic matters, they remain obtuse when it comes to political liberalisation that might help secure consent for the economic revolution. A tiny number of women have recently campaigned for and won seats in municipal elections, under changes brought in by the late King Abdullah; who more than a decade ago had promised Saudis “true democracy” in 20 years. It is nowhere in sight.
Government repression has intensified. “It has never been this bad,” says one campaigner for women's rights. Indeed, counter-terror legislation passed in 2014 makes virtually all dissent a terrorist offence. The evidence is all around: lawyers representing troublesome clients have found themselves behind bars; preachers who used to pronounce against corruption stick strictly to their anodyne scripts; and stand-up comedians have stopped poking fun at royals. Tellingly, more people have been executed in King Salman's first year in office than in any of the previous 20.
In a country where concerts, public movies and female performances are banned, the prince talks of the “entertainment crisis”, and about their own children lacking things to do. Here and there, they seem ready to try to loosen the grip of the clerics. Their latest education minister, Ahmed al-Eissa, is an academic whose book on the dreadful state of Saudi schools, which they blame in part on the restrictions placed by “religious culture”, remains banned in the kingdom. Private schools, still barred from teaching evolution, would have a freer hand to set their curriculum and choose pedagogic materials beyond those designed by the clerics.
The prince says that they support women working, not least to reduce the fertility rate: “A large portion of my productive factors are unutilised,” they say. “I have population growth reaching very scary figures.” These days Saudi Arabia has more women in the workplace, but female labour-force participation is still very low, at 18%. Prince Muhammad thinks women are not taking full advantage of the opportunities they already have: “A large percentage of Saudi women are used to the fact of staying at home. They're not used to being working women.” Still, they are in no mood to challenge the ban on women driving—even though some might want to lay off their chauffeurs in such straitened times. “I do not want to get involved in this issue as it is Saudi society that will decide whether to accept it or not.”
The country's regional assertiveness also presents a threat to the planned transformation. Spending on defence and security, has grown from 7% of GDP in 2012 to 10% in 2015, and is set to rise again in 2016.
Drumming up allies, including the 34-country counter-terrorism coalition that the prince announced in December (to the bemusement and surprise of some of its putative members) is proving costly. It has recently promised $8 billion for Egypt. Saudi Arabia is financing a proxy war in Syria and waging a full-scale one in Yemen, which has dragged on longer than initially flagged. Nevertheless for some, the sight of Saudi Arabia standing up forcefully for Sunnis against Iran is part of the antidote to the jihadists' poisonous ideology.
Uncle Sam, we need you
Surprisingly, perhaps, for a Saudi royal with no Western education, Prince Muhammad speaks about America passionately. “The United States has to realise that they are the Number One in the world, and they have to act like it,” they say; the sooner America steps back into the region—even with boots on the ground—the better.
Prince Muhammad's schemes do not appear to be inspired by ideology. Many of the ideas they are pursuing have lurked in ministers' drawers for years. Others follow examples from elsewhere, be it charter schools in America, public-private partnerships in Britain or the abolition of fuel subsidies in Egypt (and Iran). Instead they are born of necessity. The conjunction of a fall in oil prices, a geopolitical crisis and a hyperactive prince afford a once-in-a-generation chance to modernise the country.
The Arab spring has shown time and again that post-colonial Arab states are singularly dysfunctional (see page 41). That raises serious doubts about Saudi Arabia's ability to reform. But the regime has little choice: its survival may depend on it.
Batch 170 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 170
Batch 169
Batch 168
Batch 167
Batch 166
Batch 165
Batch 164
Batch 163 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Hunting Cheetah vs Peregrine Drake
Infernal Plunge vs Heed the Mists
Cobalt Golem vs Lashwrithe
Crimson Muckwader vs Atogatog
Crazed Armodon vs Eiganjo Free-Riders
Kamahl, Pit Fighter vs Standing Army
Skyrider Trainee vs Iron-Barb Hellion
Mystic Speculation vs Amber Prison
Root Maze vs Obelisk of Esper
Hypochondria vs Catastrophe
Gift of the Gargantuan vs Vorrac Battlehorns
Generator Servant vs Copy Enchantment
Johnny, Combo Player vs Canker Abomination
Dakmor Plague vs Takenuma Bleeder
Karador, Ghost Chieftain vs Smogsteed Rider
Balduvian Fallen vs Jorubai Murk Lurker
Urborg Stalker vs Deploy the Gatewatch
Gluttonous Cyclops vs Pulling Teeth
Trespassing Souleater vs Obsianus Golem
Thirst vs Abbot of Keral Keep
Foundry Champion vs Crypt Ghast
Fendeep Summoner vs Spell Queller
Looming Hoverguard vs Bramble Creeper
Sigarda, Host of Herons vs Makindi Aeronaut
Demon's Herald vs Talon of Pain
Pardic Miner vs Voltaic Construct
Structural Distortion vs Warden of the Eye
Carven Caryatid vs Feral Throwback
Shyft vs Game Preserve
Ur-Golem's Eye vs Boros Keyrune
Silvercoat Lion vs Shapeshifter's Marrow
Goblin Rock Sled vs Famished Ghoul
It was Adam Smith who said that there's an awful lot of ruin in a nation. This is usually taken to mean that you're going to have to really work very hard at it to completely mess a country up. But it does appear that President Maduro and their merry band are achieving that in Venezuela. We now hear that the black market rate (and that means the real price, a price being what someone is willing to pay, not what the government says it ought to be) for the bolivar is now at an exchange rate of one hundredth the official rate, somewhere up in the high 680s to the dollar. This does mean that the country's official minimum wage is somewhere just under $11. Umm, no, that's not per hour, not even per day, that's per month. Which is, by the standards of these things, really pretty good going. It's taken what, no more than a couple of decades, to turn an oil rich middle income country into something worse than most sub-Saharan economic wastelands (the minimum manufacturing wage in Ethiopia is currently $21 a month or so).
While there may be a lot of ruin in a nation behold the power of truly stupid and ignorant economic policy:
Having tumbled beyond the 500 per dollar mark in the black market at the start of the month, and then the 600 mark just eight days later, the bolivar is now within sight of crashing through the 700 barrier. ... This means the bolivar's value on the black market is now less than a hundredth of the main government rate of 6.3 bolivares to the dollar - and underscores the growing inability of Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela's president, to stabilise the country's fast deteriorating economy.
The FT, like everyone else, is taking the exchange rate from dolartoday.
As to why this is happening there's a proximate cause and an ultimate one. That proximate one is that there's yet another set of elections coming up, the government doesn't want to be running out of money when an election is looming so it's printing more money with gay abandon. The money supply is up 85% over the past 12 months which is really rather out of whack with the shrinking economy. The inevtiable result of that is the inflation we're seeing.
As to the minimum wage calculation that minimum was just raised:
Minimum Wages in Venezuela increased to 7421.67 VEF/Month in July of 2015 from 6746.67 VEF/Month in May of 2015.
Which, at that black market exchange rate is just under $11. And that is, let me remind you, $11 per month.
But the ultimate cause is that the entire economic policy from Chavez through Maduro seems to have been designed by those entirely ignorant of the basics of economic policy. The basic aim they laid out (and let's leave aside whether they actually meant what they said or not) was that they wanted the poor of Venezuela to get a better shake of the stick. Nothing wrong with that and depending upon how you go about doing it you might even get the support of real free market maniacs like myself. But there are ways to do it which don't ruin the nation just as there are, obviously from this example, ways to do which do ruin the nation.
The sensible way to do it is to tax one part of the economy so as to provide some money which you then give to the poor people. In Venezuela they could have taxed the rich to do this. Or perhaps they could have taken some of the vast oil earnings. Or, even, they could have charged properly for the gasoline at the gas stations within Venezuela (the government distributor doesn't charge the gas station for deliveries because the retail price of gas is lower than the cost of running the gas station) and used that money. If poor people have more money they are no longer so poor and so the job is done.
Instead they decided that there was some new and lovely way to do it. Let's fix prices instead. Notoriously they fixed the price of food: and of course they fixed that nice and low to purchase lots of votes. The instant effect of which is to reduce the supply of food and the diversion of what is left to the black market where food costs what food is worth. They've then gone on through the economy replaying the same trick with the effects that we see today.
The lesson of this should be obvious for us. Seattle has just raised its minimum wage to $11 an hour (yes, per hour, not month as in Venezuela) and it's going to go on up to $15. But this is price fixing, as in Venezuela. And no, I'm not saying that a $15 an hour minimum wage in an expensive American city is going to produce a howling economic wasteland. But Venezuela is a cautionary tale of what does happen when the politicians decide to buy votes by fixing prices.
It's a much better idea to raise the incomes of the poor by taxing some other part of the society and then giving that money to the poor: which is why I've been suggesting all along that the US should not raise the minimum wage but should raise the Earned Income Tax Credit instead. Or, if you want to get more complicated, have the Federal Reserve hold off on raising interest rates for another year or more so that we can get a little bit of wage inflation going in an economy truly at full employment.
But as Venezuela shows, price fixing as a useful economic policy? Not so much really. Which is something Seattle might want to think about as it discusses (Dear Lord they're not going to be this foolish are they?) rent controls.
Arsene Wenger has predicted that what might be their last attempt to win Arsenal's first ever European Cup will also be the club's best opportunity in recent memory.
The competition has generally been dominated by Barcelona, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich since the all-English final of 2008 but Wenger believes that a subtle power-shift is taking place that will make this the most open Champions League in recent years.
Manchester City have already beaten Barcelona this season while Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are both facing the prospect of finishing only second in their respective groups. Arsenal will top Group A if they beat Paris St Germain at the Emirates on Wednesday and, after losing at the last 16 stage in each of the last six years, as well as three draws in their last four Premier Leagues matches, Wenger has told their team that they have something to prove.
“We have been a bit stuttering recently,” they said. “We played Tottenham; we were 1-0 up and didn't win the game, so we need to show that we can do that. When you play at home against a big team, you want to win. It sends a statement out.”
Muslim students at the University of Calgary say they're feeling vulnerable after anti-Muslim posters making derogatory references to the Koran and the Prophet Muhammad were found on campus. The university says campus security will now be reviewed.
Around 40 posters were found by students at 6:45 a.m. on Tuesday. The flyers said “Dear Muslims, f**k your beheadings, f**k your Sharia, f**k your genital mutilations, f**k your TAQIYYA, f**k your [Muhammad], f**k your [Koran].”
They went on to state: “On the other hand, you can keep your barbaric ways, right where they belong, in your 7th century homeland!”
At the bottom of the posters was the hashtag #GetTheF**kOuttaHere.
University of Calgary shocked by 40 offensive anti-Muslim posters plastered around @UCalgary. Investigations underway h/t @xbaggypants#yycpic.twitter.com/7fMjJPsvBW — Dawn Walton (@CTVdawnwalton) October 4, 2016
Some also contained links to a Facebook page which calls for Islam to be banned in Canada, as well as one which purports to “celebrate Canada's European heritage,” CBC reported.
Campus security quickly took the posters down, but other flyers and similar hate literature were later found in parking lots and residential mailboxes off campus.
One of those posters addressed “Muzzies,” telling them to “get the f**k out of our countries, and go back to the monstrous s**tholes you come from.”
Muslims on campus told the National Post that the flyers made them feel scared, particularly when it comes to those who are 'visibly' Muslim.
Read more
“I don't wear a scarf, you can't always tell if I'm a Muslim. But for those that do, this is tougher,” said Umair Tazeem, president of the Muslim Students' Association.
Following the discovery of the posters, students and faculty gathered to condemn the flyers. They wrote messages of support and tolerance on hard-shaped pieces of paper, with some hanging those notes from tree branches, CBC reported.
University of Calgary president Elizabeth Cannon also turned up to write a message of support, and told reporters that the incident is “truly disturbing and makes me personally very angry.”
They went on to state that while they believe the campus has “terrific” security, it will be analyzed to see “if there is more that we can do.”
Cannon said the university is checking surveillance video and working with police to find those responsible.
Those behind the flyers could face a number of criminal charges. Under certain sections of the Criminal Code of Canada, inciting hate propaganda against any identifiable group can result in a maximum jail term of five years.
Tuesday's incident comes less than three weeks after hate literature was distributed at another university campus in Alberta in September. Those flyers featured a picture of a Sikh man alongside profanity about turbans. They included a statement calling on people from developing nations' cultures to leave Canada.
The university incidents come after a progressive move by the Canadian government in August, in which it announced that female officers of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police could wear hijabs, in an effort to boost the recruitment of Muslim women and promote diversity.
In 2010, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) launched its “I'm a Mormon” campaign to dispel misconceptions about its members, countering less-than-flattering depictions by entertainment-industry products, namely HBO's Big Love and the Broadway musical Book of Mormon. The effort initially entailed TV, Web display, social media, bus wraps and cab-topper ads, while pushing the church's Mormon.org site nationwide.
But when LDS member Mitt Romney's presidential bid hit stride during the GOP primaries last year, the church decided to significantly reel in the initiative, according to Eric Hawkins, media rep for the church.
Hawkins told Adweek in an email that the church “avoided markets in key voting states” during the primary run. With Romney going head-to-head with Barack Obama, the campaign remained shut down when it came to TV and out-of-home ads in the U.S.—only running online ads—while continuing the integrated effort internationally.
While Hawkins didn't specify what concerns their church had in terms of allowing its ads to intersect with Romney's presidential run, they said there was no strategic coordination between the Republican and LDS officials. "The church's political neutrality is well-established and well-understood," they said.
Up to the advertising slowdown, “I'm a Mormon”—which features video and images of practitioners of the faith from various walks of life—had been deemed a success by the church and its in-house ad agency, Bonneville Communications.
In the campaign's first 12 months, Hawkins said, it produced more than 1 million Mormon.org viewers who individually started discussions to learn more about the religion. Traffic to the site jumped 25 percent compared to before while Mormon.org's Facebook page hurdled toward nearly 1 million fans.
A well-established Edmonton homebuilder blamed a “comedy of errors” for their predicament Monday, lobbying council to bend the rules for a house he's already half built.
Celebration Homes started construction on a bungalow at a prime location in the Donsdale neighbourhood's Touchmark community without a development permit.
It was caught — fined $1,000 — and then realized the house was offside with the zoning rules for the area as well, said company president Randy Ettinger. The house was supposed to be set back 4.5 metres from the adjacent park. Instead, it was built 1.2 metres from the property line.
Ettinger was in council chambers Monday blaming miscommunication for their construction department jumping the gun and asking council not to make them tear it down for the setback issue.
“The lot does not work under any other circumstances,” they said, adding that moving the house would make the driveway too narrow and curved for seniors to safely back out.
Condo bylaws stipulate cars must be parked in a garage and Touchmark is a community geared toward an aging population. Retirees move into the bungalows around the exterior, then into the central lodge when they need more care.
“It's 100 per cent our fault. We've apologized. We've paid fines for starting early,” Ettinger said.
What does this say about us if we approve this? What does it say to our citizens who expect us to enforce the rules. — Coun. Michael Walters
But the homebuilder's pleas were falling on the ears of some clearly frustrated councillors.
“You're responsible for this situation, are you not?” Coun. Mike Nickel. “Why didn't you tear out the foundation and do it correctly?”
“How many houses have you built? Have you ever built a house without a development permit or a building permit?” asked Coun. Michael Oshry, who later said the principal was important since there are so many builders who do follow the rules.
“What does this say about us if we approve this? What does it say to our citizens who expect us to enforce the rules,” said Coun. Michael Walters.
Ettinger said he's never done this before with 800 to 900 homes in their career.
After Celebration Homes was caught, it continued to build until the house was framed and shingled. Ettinger said that was because Touchmark is a safe zone for people with dementia and Alzheimer's and couldn't be left as a construction zone.
Council unanimously voted to send the issue back to administration, hoping to force Ettinger's client to buy part of the city park to accommodate the 4.5 metre setback. If city officials have a reason not to sell the land, Ettinger could still be forced to tear down the home and leave the lot vacant.
City staff said in addition to the fines, Celebration Homes paid $10,000 extra for the permit application because the foundation was already in place. The lot shrunk during a city land swap after a different developer built an apartment with balconies too close to the park.
estolte@postmedia.com
twitter.com/estolte
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
In the Age of Obama, Uncle Sam is watching. High-tech surveillance aircraft once limited to the use of the world's largest military organizations are now finding their way to local law-enforcement agencies. With the ability to put an eye in the sky over every square inch of U.S. soil, these machines have created an unprecedented opportunity to violate Americans' right to privacy. It's time to roll back this trend.
In February, lawmakers on Capitol Hill passed the FAA Reauthorization Act, which instructs the Federal Aviation Administration to draw up rules for the testing and licensing of commercial unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) by 2015. Accordingly, the agency has projected the use of aircraft for surveillance will take off, putting as many as 30,000 in the skies above the states by 2020.
Privacy defenders are harshly critical of creeping Big Brother. Last week, former Judge Andrew P. Napolitano, the senior judicial analyst for Fox News whose column appears in The Washington Times, went so far as asserting that the first person to shoot down a government drone snooping in their backyard would be a “hero.”
The war on terror has created the demand for and technology advances have enabled UAVs or “drones” equipped with cameras that give a bird's-eye view of action on the ground. Small backpack models equipped with a miniature digital camera and weighing just a few pounds have given troops a tactical advantage above the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan. Better known are the full-sized varieties like General Atomics' Reaper that can climb to 50,000 feet and fire Hellfire missiles at terrorists.
Judge Napolitano has raised the specter of armed drones over American soil taking out purported enemies of the state, a Pandora's Box that opened when President Obama used drones in the assassination of Americans overseas. The president assumed the roles of judge, jury and executioner when they ordered on their own authority the September killing of American-born al Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen.
The Washington Times
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
NEW YORK/LONDONNEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Gold extended its rally to a three-month high on Friday, leaping toward its biggest one-year rise in seven years as a wilting U.S. dollar, political tensions and receding concerns over the impact of U.S. interest rate hikes fed into its rally.
Gold's gains coincide with the greenback, in which gold is priced, sliding toward its worst year since 2003, damaged by tensions over North Korea, the Russian scandal surrounding U.S. President Donald Trump's election campaign, and persistently low U.S. inflation.
The dollar index .DXY touched three-month lows on Friday, lifting bullion to its highest level since late September at $1,307.60 an ounce before paring gains.
ADVERTISEMENT
Strong charts, the weaker dollar and expectations of bullish fundamental factors ahead have bolstered gold prices in year-end trade, said David Meger, director of metals trading for High Ridge Futures in Chicago.
Spot gold prices XAU= were up 0.67 percent at $1,303.37 per ounce by 2:05 p.m. EST (1905 GMT), poised to finish 2017 up 13 percent. Benchmark U.S. gold futures GCv1 settled up $12.1, or 0.93 percent, at $1,309.30 per ounce, finishing the year 12 percent higher.
"Going back to the last Fed meeting with its slightly more dovish tone, commodities markets have gotten a bit of a green light," Meger said, referring to indications this month that the U.S. central bank will keep its rate outlook unchanged in the coming year.
"This recent bout of weakness in the dollar certainly is fostering a commodities rally and we've seen a light downturn in equities as well."
The metal will be vulnerable next year to a rebound in the currency, as well as any gains in yields, ABN Amro analyst Georgette Boele said. The opportunity cost of holding non-interest bearing bullion increases when yields rise elsewhere.
Gold's chart signals look positive after it broke above its 100-day moving average this week at $1,295 an ounce, ScotiaMocatta's technical team said in a note, pointing to a target of October's high at $1,306.
ADVERTISEMENT
Among precious metals, palladium posted the strongest rise this year, climbing 57 percent as concerns grew over availability after years of deficit.
Palladium XPD= eased 0.31 percent to $1,062.05 an ounce, having hit its highest level since February 2001 at $1,072 in the previous session. It has held in a historically unusual premium to platinum this quarter.
Silver XAG= was up 0.51 percent at $16.926, paring gains from a one-month high of $17.111. Platinum XPT= was up 0.11 percent at $924 after touching a four-week high of $936.20. This year, the two metals have risen by 6 percent and 3 percent, respectively.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption London Underground says the reporting of abuse has increased
Assaults on London Underground (LU) staff members have risen by 44% since 2009, figures have shown.
London Assembly member Val Shawcross highlighted the figures, saying changes including the closure of ticket offices and cuts in staff numbers would leave workers feeling "dangerously isolated".
LU said overall crime was at its lowest ever level, and attributed the rise to increased reporting of cases.
But one union said the rise showed staff are at "constant" risk of attack.
Image caption Queensway station was one of the first to move employees from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms
The figures, from the Transport for London Health, Safety and Environment Report 2013/14, indicate the number of assaults have increased from 1,917 in 2009/10 to 2,753 in 2013/14.
Assaults are classed as "any incident where, in circumstances related to their work, a member of staff is physically assaulted, threatened or abused, thereby affecting their health, safety or welfare".
Transport for London spokesperson said for the first three quarters of this financial year, verbal assault made up the majority of assaults, 49%, threat of violence, 35%, and physical violence 16%.
It was announced in 2013 that Tube services would run for 24 hours at weekends. From 12 September, a service will start to run on some lines on Friday and Saturday nights.
But ticket offices have started closing at stations as part of the new "wider vision" for the Tube and about 890 roles are to be lost.
'Responsibilities to protect'
Labour assembly member Ms Shawcross said: "Axing almost 900 staff from the Tube stations and spreading the remainder out across the ticket halls and platforms risks leaving staff feeling dangerously isolated."
But Nick Brown, LU's chief operating officer, said overall crime on the Underground was "now at its lowest ever level, having decreased by over 14% in the last year alone".
They said: "Physical assaults on the network are also down compared to last year.
"When we introduce the night Tube, all stations will remain staffed and controlled at all times when services are running and our hundreds of staff will be backed by a police presence."
They added the Tube network was covered by a network of 12,000 CCTV cameras.
But, Rail Maritime and Transport (RMT) union general secretary Mick Cash said: "The new research shows that assaults have nearly doubled in just five years and it is RMT members who are left vulnerable and isolated and at constant risk of attack as the cuts are driven through."
Following industrial action and meetings with unions, LU said that with the ticket office closures no member of staff will face compulsory redundancy or losing money.
This story is about Published Aug. 2016
Sturm: Massive D-lineman David Irving is about to break out for the Cowboys Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle David Irving (95) runs in a circle and bats down the football during afternoon practice at training camp in Oxnard, California, Sunday, July 31, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Bob Sturm , Special contributor Contact Bob Sturm on Twitter: @SportsSturm
I have been asked quite a few times to throw out a name I think is most likely to emerge from the ashes and become a real contributor on defense. Now, this is the type of story that will be used against me down the road if it never materializes, but that is the fun of this time of year. You take some flashes from the season before, you focus on the man at practice, you eye the most important element of opportunity and your brain spits out a name that is right in front of your face. David Irving. David Irving is one of those players who those of us who watch football all year have always been interested in. They have all the tools.  They are a massive man standing at 6-foot-7 but also is slender, athletic and has arms that are absurdly long. They also have the sweet bird of youth on their side as they are still just 22 years old. In other words, many rookies are older than they are as they take their second trip around the NFL.
Moore: The Cowboys to keep eyes on when Dallas takes on LA Rams this weekend
They were at Iowa State until they were kicked off the team for a few incidents during their time there. The charges were dropped on the serious one (alleged domestic abuse) and the other one sounds like something 20-year-old football players might do (taking part in an altercation where they were holding a vandalized stop sign when photographed and then arrested). Nothing like killing your draft stock by being kicked off a program that is not exactly known for turning out NFL stars. So, they went undrafted and was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs. They did not make their team out of camp -- many of us thought that was a weird scheme fit for them to be in a 3-4 defense -- and was signed to their practice squad in September. Less than a month later, the Cowboys came calling when they were running low on defensive linemen (and had just been humiliated by Atlanta in Week 3) and offered them a roster spot in Dallas. They jumped on that chance Sept. 29. Basically, the Cowboys were trying to figure out how to piece their defensive line together on the fly at the time. Greg Hardy was about to return, Randy Gregory was getting healthy, DeMarcus Lawrence was starting to play, Tyrone Crawford was trying to play through a hurt shoulder and so on and so on. With David Irving, they just wanted a player to develop. Well, they played very sparingly. In fact, they played 199 snaps over 12 games -- roughly 16 snaps per game (the defense played about 65 each game). All told, they played the 19th-most snaps of anybody on the Cowboys' defensive roster last year. Hardly a drop in the bucket. So why would I choose them as my "pick to click" in 2016? I really enjoyed those 199 plays. And as you know, Gregory, Hardy and Lawrence won't be keeping them nailed to the bench. Starting this weekend, if David Irving can play defensive end like they think they can, they should be able to move that workload up to 35 snaps per game in no time.
10 things to know about Cowboys DL David Irving, including their tumultuous past, Dikembe Mutombo comparison
The Cowboys desperately need some defensive ends to step up. By the way, this is the portion of the blog where I should emphasize how great DeMarcus Lawrence looks. I really wish the suspension didn't occur, but since it did, their first double-digit sack season may not happen. But, they look ready and fully developed. Otherwise, it is Ryan Russell, Benson Mayowa (who we haven't seen yet), Charles Tapper and Irving. If Mayowa and Irving are the top two on Sept. 11, I would be pleased. I think Irving is ready. But they need to really show up in these games in August to prove that. This morning, I wanted to demonstrate why I am so impressed by him. But I don't want to use practice video, because I just don't think that is very important when you compare it to plays in actual games. And they were able to demonstrate their quality with very limited work last year. In fact, if you check their splash play productivity, you will see that their "splashes per snap" number was superior to everyone on the defensive line except Lawrence. And they were virtually tied with Lawrence at 28 snaps per splash. Very impressive for an undrafted rookie for sure. I pulled all of their splash plays from 2015 on the All-22's and thought you may enjoy seeing those eight moments from their action last year where they "made a play." Irving is No. 95 in these cut-ups.
Here is their NFL debut in New Orleans. Days after being signed they were getting action at 3-technique and showing the tools. How quick is this guy? Dive bombs a play in the opposite direction like DeMarcus Lawrence might and logged a tackle for loss. That is what we are looking for from these guys. Some penetration and production.
If there is one play you remember clearly, I would think it is the fourth-quarter blocked field goal against Seattle where they preserved the lead for the Cowboys in their first home game. This is obviously their gift as they have the size and the arm length to be a field goal blocker for years and years. Set them up right off the center's shoulder and tell them to push and leap. A real game-saver (temporarily). Again, the movement skills after the block are not those of a defensive tackle. They seem super athletic inside.
Three-technique again the following week against Philadelphia. The left tackle (Lane Johnson) has to close that gap or Irving may shoot through. They do exactly that with cat-like quicks and scores another tackle for loss. We hoped for this from Tyrone Crawford, but their injury messed up their 2015. But, wow, this was available off the streets? Those are really impressive bursts.
Same song, different verse -- 3-tech. Run away from him. Ask the tackle to close them off. Irving destroys it, this time with power. Sproles had no chance. Get this guy on the field more! You will also notice Lawrence killing the tight end, too. It would be nice to see these guys on the field at the same time in October.
Now, let's see some pass rush. Keep in mind all of this is from the defensive tackle spot -- not defensive end. This poor guard barely touched Irving off the snap. Quick, quick, quick.  They are in Bradford's lap in an instant. You have to like that ability -- the kind that will get them double-teamed very soon. You are probably thinking that with all of this action in their first month in Dallas, they would play even more down the stretch. ... They didn't. There were three more plays down the stretch that were notable, and they started playing them out wider, too. Here is a shared sack in Miami in the final minutes.
Look at that crew. Hardy, Crawford and Gregory with Irving. A little stunt with four athletic men weaving in and out and meeting at the quarterback. Those appear to be the best-laid plans. Again, the quickness of Irving combined with their ability to convert it to power is just not common. You could tell me those are first-round traits.  They are 22. They have that in their bag.
Thanksgiving Day, they are back at the 3-tech and isolated with a guard on a pass play where they get those long arms on a throw from Cam Newton. Guards don't want to deal with Irving in pass protection and that may be their best attribute if they show they can play defensive end -- the versatility to play everywhere. So useful.
Here was their final "splash play." I score holding penalties drawn as splash plays because they often end drives. Here, a high-quality guard, No. 71, Josh Sitton, has to hold them to keep a play from being destroyed and gets caught. Overall, I think they have a real chance to be something. Of course, they are also an undrafted free agent who is just trying to prove they belong in the NFL. In other words, the Cowboys are exposed at this position badly because of the suspensions and now must roll the dice on a kid who is largely anonymous across the league, and even to many Cowboys fans. But I liked their 2015 and I like their training camp. Now, the talented youngster has to prove they can handle things in preseason. If they can, they start opening night. From there, this guy can make a ton of money playing pro football if they keep doing what they are doing. Sometimes, all a kid needs is a chance. And they are definitely about to get one. Twitter: @SportsSturm Get the latest Cowboys news here | Follow dmn_cowboys on Twitter | Like our Cowboys Facebook page here MORE COVERAGE
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys rookie outside linebacker Jaylon Smith works out with a bungee as they are rehabbing last years injury during morning practice at training camp in Oxnard, California, Thursday, August 11, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
This Topic is Missing Your Voice.
The creators of the Bloody Monday suspense manga have collaborated on a poster for the live-action Warner Brothers film Inception , which opens in Japan on July 23 (a week after its July 16 launch in the United States). The poster mimics the design of the original poster, which features the film's main characters standing on a warped street. However, the new poster inserts the characters of Bloody Monday.
Bloody Monday's magazine, Kodansha's Weekly Shonen Magazine, shipped on Wednesday with the poster along with an introduction to the film and an interview with the film's main star. The same poster will be displayed for about two weeks in all stores in the major Japanese book chains Maruzen, Bunkyodo, and Junkudo.
Bloody Monday centers around Fujimaru Takagi, a high school student and genius white-hat hacker who tries to clear their father's name by tracking down the "Bloody Monday" conspiracy. The manga is written by "Ryō Ryūmon," which is one of several pen names of writer Tadashi Agi. Agi wrote the story for the original GetBackers manga (as Yuya Aoki), the original concept of Kindaichi Case Files (as Seimaru Amagi), the story of Tantei Gakuen Q (also as Seimaru Amagi), and the story of Kami no Shizuku under their own name. Kōji Megumi draws the Bloody Monday manga, which inspired two live-action television drama series.
The film Inception stars Leonardo DiCaprio, who has been attached as a producer with the live-action adaptations of two anime franchises: Akira and Ninja Scroll. As written and directed by Christopher Nolan ( The Dark Knight, Memento, The Prestige ), Inception revolves around crimes that take place in the human subconscious. The French film site Excessif reports that Nolan has acknowledged the influence of Satoshi Kon's anime adaptation of Yasutaka Tsutsui's Paprika novel, although it does not quote them directly:
"Christopher Nolan cites [Paprika] as one of the principal influences and was inspired by its main character to flesh out their character played by Ellen Page, a 'spirit architect' named Ariadne."
Director Wolfgang Petersen (The Neverending Story, Troy, Poseidon) told MTV News in March that they are developing a live-action film version of Paprika.
In a separate development, the Yahoo! Movies website is hosting a prequel comic titled Inception: The Cobol Job . Inception film producer Jordan Goldberg (Batman: Gotham Knight) wrote the comic, and Long Vo, Joe Ng, and Crystal Reid illustrated the comic for UDON Entertainment. Vo worked on several projects in the Street Fighter game franchise (including work as the lead sprite designer for the Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix game) and co-founded the Gaia Online social networking site. Ng worked on several comic books related to The Transformers franchise.
Thanks to Daniel Zelter for the Paprika news tip.
Source: Eiga.com
Update: More background information added.
REUTERS/Brendan McDermid In a scathing dissent laden with sarcasm and condescension toward their fellow justices, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that the court's majority used legalistic "argle-bargle" as its rationale for striking down the key portion of the Defense of Marriage Act.
Scalia accused the majority of using federalism to masquerade as rationale for the wish to make a sweeping decision on the overall concept of gay marriage.
Scalia writes:
"Lord, an opinion with such scatter-shot rationales as this one (federalism noises among them) can be distinguished in many ways. And deserves to be. State and lower federal courts should take the Court at its word and distinguish away.
In my opinion, however, the view that this Court will take of state prohibition of same-sex marriage is indicated beyond mistaking by today's opinion. As I have said, the real rationale of today's opinion, whatever disappearing trail of its legalistic argle-bargle one chooses to follow, is that DOMA is motivated by " 'bare . . . desire to harm'" couples in same-sex marriages."
Scalia lashed out at the majority for overturning a democratically passed law. This opinion came, however, just one day after they sided with the court's conservative majority in overturning a crucial portion of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965. In that majority opinion, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that though the law had been reauthorized with broad bipartisan support in Congress, some of its provisions were outdated.
Scalia also made reference to the case Lawrence v. Texas, which the court struck down 10 years ago today. It affirmed the right of gay couples to have consensual sex — or, as Scalia wrote Wednesday, sanctioned "homosexual sodomy." They tied that ruling, which they opposed, to the court's decision to strike down DOMA, predicting the ruling would lead to fully legal same-sex marriage throughout the country.
They write:
"When the Court declared a constitutional right to homosexual sodomy, we were assured that the case had nothing, nothing at all to do with 'whether the government must give formal recognition to any relationship that homosexual persons seek to enter. Now we are told that DOMA is invalid because it 'demeans the couple, whose moral and sexual choices the Constitution protects' [...]
"It takes real cheek for today's majority to assure us, as it is going out the door, that a constitutional requirement to give formal recognition to same-sex marriage is not at issue here — when what has preceded that assurance is a lecture on how superior the majority's moral judgment in favor of same-sex marriage is to the Congress's hateful moral judgment against it. I promise you this: The only thing that will 'confine' the Court's holding is its sense of what it can get away with."
ISLAMABAD: The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit scheduled to take place in Islamabad in November has been postponed, officials confirmed Wednesday, after India and three other countries pulled out of the key South Asian summit.
The other countries included Bangladesh, Afghanistan, and Bhutan, according to an official with the Nepali government, the current chair of SAARC.
The Foreign Office (FO) of Pakistan has said that India has a track record of impeding the SAARC process.
"Indian intentions of creating hurdles yet again are visible from the actions and statements at the political level during the last two months, coupled with coordinated media efforts," said FO spokesperson Nafees Zakaria.
They said the neighboring country was desperate to divert the world attention from atrocities and blatant human rights abuses being committed by its forces on defenceless people in Indian-occupied Kashmir (IoK).
Noting that during last 80 days, over 100 Kashmiris have been martyred and more than 800 wounded through the use of pellet guns, the spokesperson said: "The Indian atrocities have attracted the world attention, which is manifested in the strong condemnations and calls by international organisations for sending fact-finding missions to IoK."
"It may be pertinent to mention that the major thrust of SAARC activities it to uplift the socio-economic conditions of the people of South Asia, having the highest concentration of world's poor," they added.
Zakaria said that India's negative attitude has had a direct bearing on the welfare and betterment in this region, which is highly regrettable.
Adviser to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz said that the SAARC secretariat has not yet informed officially about the postponement of the conference. He, however, said that chances were that the SAARC conference would be postponed.
The foreign adviser said whenever the conference takes place, it will be held in Pakistan. Aziz said that it is not the first time India is not attending the regional summit.
They said that India had earlier also caused the summit to be postponed four times.
Sartaj Aziz said even if one of the member pulls out, the conference cannot go on as per schedule.
The conference was previously scheduled for November 9 and 10.
Earlier, Indian media said that the upcoming SAARC conference in Islamabad will be cancelled.
Indian media claimed that Nepal, which currently chairs the SAARC, is seeking a new venue for the annual summit in November after a number of members decided to boycott the conference in Islamabad.
As chair of the SAARC (South Asian Association of Regional Cooperation), Nepal is trying to move the conference out of Pakistan in an effort to salvage the 19th summit. No summit is held even if one nation does not show up.
In a high-level meeting called by Nepal Prime Minister Prachanda in Kathmandu, it was decided that efforts will be made to reach out to other countries to ensure that the SAARC project goes on.
Afghanistan, Bhutan and India have already pulled out of the conference, citing Pakistan's alleged role in fomenting terror in the region as the reason.
On Tuesday India's Ministry of External Affairs had confirmed that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would not be attending the SAARC summit in Islamabad.
"In the prevailing circumstances the government of India is unable to participate in the proposed summit in Islamabad," India had said in a statement.
The regional conference seems to be in peril due to exacerbation of ties between Pakistan and India over recent past months.
The already lukewarm relations between the two neighbouring countries worsened due to escalation of conflict in Indian-held Kashmir since July and in wake of the recent Uri attack that killed 18 Indian soldiers.
HSBC executives testified at a hearing on Capitol Hill Tuesday.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Global banking giant HSBC failed to prevent billions of dollars worth of money transfers that Senate investigators believe were linked to drug cartels and terrorist groups, according to a report released Monday.
The Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said London-based HSBC (HBC) failed to review thousands of suspicious transactions and properly vet clients over the past decade.
Among other issues, the report notes that in 2007 and 2008, HSBC's Mexico unit shipped $7 billion in cash to the bank's U.S. affiliate, a volume of shipments that law enforcement officials said could reach that size "only if they included illegal drug proceeds."
HSBC Mexico had a number of high-profile clients linked to drug trafficking, the report says, as well as "a huge backlog of accounts marked for closure due to suspicious activity, but whose closures were delayed."
The report also found that HSBC worked extensively with Saudi Arabia's Al Rajhi Bank, some owners of which have been linked to terrorism financing, according to a CIA report quoted by the subcommittee. Some evidence suggests Al Rajhi's "key founder" was "an early financial benefactor of al Qaeda," the report says.
HSBC's U.S. affiliate supplied Al Rajhi with nearly $1 billion worth of U.S. banknotes up to 2010, and also worked with two banks in Bangladesh that some evidence links to terrorism financing as well.
"From an oversight perspective, the failure of accountability here is dramatic," said Sen. Carl Levin, chairperson of the subcommittee.
The Department of Justice is also investigating HSBC over the issue. A DOJ spokesperson declined to comment, citing the ongoing probe.
The report also said HSBC's U.S. affiliate handled nearly 25,000 transactions involving Iran between 2001 and 2007, despite U.S. sanctions against the country. Other HSBC affiliates making transfers to the U.S. frequently stripped information from the transactions that linked them to Iran in order to evade scrutiny.
Some HSBC executives in the U.S. were aware of this practice as far back as 2001, the report says. An outside review commissioned by HSBC found nearly $20 billion worth of transactions between 2001 and 2007 that may have been subject to U.S. sanctions.
The report came ahead of a hearing by the Senate subcommittee Tuesday that featured testimony from HSBC executives and government officials from the Treasury Department, the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
Regulators also came in for criticism in the report -- in particular, the OCC, HSBC's primary overseer. The subcommittee said the OCC allowed HSBC's anti-money laundering deficiencies "to fester for years" before finally taking action in 2010, requiring the bank to improve its internal controls.
"Its record of enforcement at HSBC resembles a lapdog rather than the watchdog that we sorely need," Sen. Tom Coburn, the subcommittee's ranking member, said Tuesday.
HSBC said in a statement ahead of the hearing that it "takes compliance with the law, wherever it operates, very seriously."
"We will acknowledge that, in the past, we have sometimes failed to meet the standards that regulators and customers expect," HSBC said. "We believe that this case history will provide important lessons for the whole industry in seeking to prevent illicit actors entering the global financial system."
The bank added that it has beefed up its compliance efforts over the past year, increasing its due diligence requirements for affiliates and devoting more resources to the issue. Speaking at the hearing, HSBC compliance head David Bagley said they planned to step down as part of the reform process, although they will remain at the firm in a different capacity.
The Senate subcommittee noted that HSBC was "fully cooperative" with the investigation, providing documents from around the world beyond what was legally required.
HSBC isn't the first large bank to face scrutiny over money laundering issues from U.S. regulators and law enforcement.
Last month, Dutch bank ING agreed to pay a $619 million penalty for moving billions of dollars through the U.S. financial system at the behest of Cuban and Iranian clients, acts that violated economic sanctions.
In 2010, the former Wachovia Bank paid $160 million to resolve allegations that it lacked robust anti-money laundering measures, allowing Mexican cartels to launder millions of dollars worth of drug proceeds. Wells Fargo (WFC, Fortune 500) bought Wachovia in 2008.
HSBC is also cooperating with investigations into alleged manipulation of the London Interbank Offered Rate, or Libor, though it is not clear whether the bank will be singled out for punishment.
Last month, British bank Barclays (BCS) reached a $453 million settlement on the issue with U.S. and U.K. regulators, and firms including Deutsche Bank (DB), Credit Suisse (CS), Citigroup (C, Fortune 500) and JPMorgan (JPM, Fortune 500) are also being investigated.
UPDATE: On Wednesday, Feb. 15, Andrew Puzder withdrew their name from consideration.
WASHINGTON — The week after their high-profile showdown over President Trump's pick for attorney general, Elizabeth Warren is gearing up for another round — this time with their sights trained on fast food chief executive Andrew Puzder, the president's nominee to head the Department of Labor.
Warren this morning fired off a 28-page letter with 83 questions for Puzder, the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, which runs fast food chains Hardee's and Carl's Jr., ahead of their Feb. 16 confirmation hearing before the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. But there's little chance their answers will sway Warren, who sits on that panel.
“My staff's review of your 16-year tenure . . . reveals that you've made your fortune by squeezing the very workers you'd be charged with protecting as Labor Secretary out of wages and benefits,” Warren writes in the opening paragraphs of the letter. They go on to raise concerns about Puzder's company's “record of prolific labor law abuses and discrimination suits” and their own “long record of public comments [that] reveals a sneering contempt for the workers in your stores, and a vehement opposition to the laws you will be charged with enforcing.”
Advertisement
Nonetheless, they say the letter is necessary because the HELP committee's GOP chairperson plans to limit each senator to only a few minutes of questions — and they have a lot of questions about their fitness for the job.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Puzder's nomination has been rocky, with their confirmation hearings repeatedly delayed as they struggled to divest themselves of their holdings. Senate Democrats have singled them out as one of Trump's Cabinet picks they are opposing most strongly — last week Democratic leaders held a press conference calling on Puzder to withdraw — though it remains doubtful they will persuade enough Republicans to vote against them to block their confirmation.
Warren last month organized a forum, along with Senator Patty Murray of Washington, that featured employees of Puzder's fast food company describing their experiences working for the company. The witnesses offered emotional testimony — often through tears — as they talked about their low wages and long hours. Warren was irate as the witnesses recounted their experiences, and they vowed to press Puzder at their hearing.
Them aggressive letter shows Warren intends to be at the forefront of the ongoing effort to cause Trump as much pain as possible over their Cabinet picks. They drew national attention last week when Senate Republicans voted to block them from speaking on the nomination of Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general.
The formal rebuke was triggered by Warren reading a 1986 letter from Coretta Scott King, Martin Luther King Jr.'s widow, that accused Sessions of racist behavior while they were US attorney in Alabama.
Advertisement
The incident turned Warren into an instant hero for the agitated Democratic base. It was a turnaround from weeks earlier when they drew the ire of progressives for voting to confirm neurosurgeon Ben Carson to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Victoria McGrane can be reached at victoria.mcgrane@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @vgmac
Like the original, Splatoon 2 has a full single-player campaign, this time pitting players against the Octarian menace in the unfamiliar area of Octo Canyon. This time around, rather than being chaperoned through the single-player campaign by Cap'n Cuttlefish, your guide is none other than (former?) Inkling pop star Marie, who helps you on your quest to find the location of their missing cousin Callie.
By speaking to Marie in the Octo Canyon overworld, she'll share tips on how to complete your mission, their thoughts on the Octarian threat and more. Talk to them too much, though, and she'll start muttering personal thoughts under their breath, including this gem:
The line itself is a little vague: Is Marie fantasizing about a future where pineapple on pizza simply doesn't exist? Could they be foreshadowing a future Splatfest? It's open to interpretation, but what isn't ambiguous is this: Marie prefers their pizza pinapple-free. Noted!
Splatoon 2 will be released July 21 on Nintendo Switch. For more Splatoon 2 coverage, check out this pun-laden boss battle from the game's first world.
FEBRUARY 5th will see the first ever Harry Potter Book Night celebrated throughout the world and at Duloch library, they're getting ready for their own special evening of spellbinding activities.
The fun kicks off at 6pm when young witches and wizards will be invited to take part in a sorting ceremony and then earn house points by enjoying quizzes, games and crafts to win some truly charming prizes.
Sharron Brown, service development officer for libraries, said, “On Harry Potter book night we'll be celebrating a truly magical series of books and films for children and adults alike and hoping to introduce the next generation of readers to the enchanting world of Harry Potter.” This is a ticketed event for children aged seven plus and places are limited. Tickets cost £2 and are available from Duloch library. Contact the library for availability on 01383 602208 or by email on Duloch.library@onfife.com.
You can find out more about Harry Potter book night at http://harrypotter.bloomsbury.com/uk/harry-potter-book-night/
Hands-On
Apple's new iPad is here, and AppleInsider takes a first look at it to see how well predictions about the hardware stack up to reality.
Benchmarks
Fit and finish
iPad Air cases?
No final verdict yet, but stay tuned
The new iPad is to the iPad Air, as the iPhone SE is to the iPhone 5s. That being said, let's delve a bit into our first impressions of Apple's latest iPad.As expected and predicted, the new iPad is a speedster. The benchmarks using Geekbench 4 that we, and other users, have obtained are a bit faster than expected.The new iPad hits 2410 in the Geekbench single-core performance metric, climbing to 4095 in multi-core. For comparison, the 9.7-inch iPad Air 2 from 2014 has a Geekbench single-core score of 1782 and a multi-core rating of 3992.The late 2015 i5-6600 iMac 27-inch Retina Display has a single-core score of 4840 with a multi-core score of 13,082. The early 2015 MacBook with 1.3Ghz Core M processor is a close analog benchmark-wise, and edges the new iPad out slightly in both single core and multicore performance.The density of macOS, for lack of a better term, flattens out the real-world performance on the Retina MacBook makes this more or less an even heat.We expected that the performance would be around the iPhone SE given the architecture, and that's exactly what we got. We'll be delving into the real-world ramifications of that in a full review a bit later.For all the talk of the new iPad being Apple's nod to the entry-level, it has all the attention to detail that you'd expect from an Apple product. Edges are tight, and assembly points are well-aligned.Interestingly —and this is for the Apple old-timers —there's no "new Apple smell" with our new iPad, nor from iPads received by a few other people we spoke to. This likely speaks to something, but we're not sure what at this point.With an identical size and shape to the iPad Air, you'd think that cases from the older model would be fine. They mostly are, but some things don't line up right.There's no physical lock switch on the new iPad, and the speaker holes extend a bit further on the new iPad than most cases have holes for —but otherwise, even form-fitting protective cases like the Newer KX pictured here work just fine.We don't have an Apple Smart Cover on hand to see if the sleep/wake functionality is retained from iPad Air cases —but we will in time for the full review.We've had the new iPad out of its box for all of an hour at this point. Look for a full review and a video examination of Apple's latest iPad offering coming soon.
Premiers Demand Answers
It seems Prime Minister Justin Trudeau problems with the recently proposed tax change are simply not going away.
As they sit down with the premiers next week, it's likely the problems will continue.
This because the Premiers of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Labrador and British Columbia have all publicly expressed concerns with those changes recently.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil says the final agenda for the premier's meeting with Trudeau has yet to be agreed upon and said they expect the issue of the corporate tax reforms to come up.
Go Ad Free High quality content without ads is here with a 30 day ad-free trial.
After 30 days it's only $5 a month. Free Trial
McNeil told reporters in Halifax Wednesday that one of the real-world issues around not allowing private corporations to retain passive investments is that such a move hurts doctors and the capacity of other small business to invest in their growth.
“it's imperative in our province that we allow that, so small businesses across this province continue to have their own capital inside of the corporation so they can reinvest,” they added.
Cross-Party Opposition
The entire Conservative caucus, some Liberal MPs, and a few NDP MPs have also publicly expressed a concern over the changes which would:
Restrict the ability of business owners to reduce their tax rate by sprinkling their income to family members.
Put limits on the use of private corporations to make passive investments that are unrelated to the company.
Limit business owners' ability to convert regular income of a corporation into capital gains, which are typically taxed at a lower rate.
While many oppose these changes, the government has continued to champion them. Arguing that the current tax system creates two layers in which business owners are being unjustly protected.
With this topic being a potential 2019 election issue it will be interesting to see if the Prime Minister continues with these plans.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Aug. 22, 2017) - Maricann Group Inc. (CSE:MARI)(CSE:MARI.CN)(CNSX:MARI) ("Maricann" or the "Company") announced today that it has entered into an agreement ("Acquisition Agreement") to acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of NanoLeaf Technologies Inc. ("NanoLeaf"), a biotech company possessing licensing rights to a number of globally patented technologies that provide proven pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, cosmetic and functional beverage drug delivery formulations. The transaction is expected to be completed by the end of September 2017.
NanoLeaf, through its licensing agreement with Vesifact, has developed and marketed the first cannabinoid standardized dose soft gel capsule in a nano-dispersed drug called Vesisorb. The challenge the cannabis industry has faced is finding a predictable delivery mechanism of cannabinoids in an oral dosing format. Cannabinoids are a fat-soluble compound that have low solubility, leading to low dissolution rates and significant first-pass liver metabolism resulting in low and unpredictable oral cannabinoid bioavailability. This poor solubility not only gives low oral bio-availability but also leads to high inter- and intra-subject variability and lack of dose proportionality.
Strategic Rationale
Patented, Proven Technology used by Large Global Companies - the portfolio of patents and proven technology has been developed and commercialized globally, and is licensed by world leading pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies to be used in nutraceutical products and topicals
the portfolio of patents and proven technology has been developed and commercialized globally, and is licensed by world leading pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies to be used in nutraceutical products and topicals Exclusive License for Significant Jurisdictions - Maricann, through the acquisition of NanoLeaf, will obtain the exclusive rights for Canada, Europe, South America (excluding Uruguay), Israel and Australia. Maricann will also obtain certain non-exclusive rights for the rest of the world (excluding the United States), and certain states within the United States
Maricann, through the acquisition of NanoLeaf, will obtain the exclusive rights for Canada, Europe, South America (excluding Uruguay), Israel and Australia. Maricann will also obtain certain non-exclusive rights for the rest of the world (excluding the United States), and certain states within the United States Strengthens Pipeline of Differentiated Products - the company anticipates that the technology will not only strengthen its position in the oils and capsules market, but also areas such as cannabinoid based functional beverages and topicals, given the consistent, fast onset, high bio-availability product
Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, NanoLeaf shareholders will receive C$38.5 million in consideration for their NanoLeaf shares, to be satisfied by delivery of approximately 18.3 million common shares of Maricann (the "Closing Shares") at a deemed value of $2.10 per share (subject to adjustment as described below). Maricann will also loan NanoLeaf C$1.6 million in cash to settle existing liabilities of NanoLeaf in advance of completing the acquisition, resulting in deemed total transaction consideration of C$40.1 million.
The number of shares issued to NanoLeaf shareholders is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances following closing, including if, on the date that is 179 days post-closing (the "Adjustment Calculation Date"), the volume weight average price of Maricann common shares for the preceeding 20-day period (the "Adjustment VWAP") is less than $2.10, the Company will issue incremental shares to NanoLeaf ("Adjustment Shares") in accordance with the following formula:
(C$38.5 million / Adjustment VWAP)) - Number of Closing Shares issued).
The Adjustment VWAP is subject to a minimum of $1.40 per Maricann share resulting in a maximum number of Adjustment Shares of approximately 9.2 million. The Adjustment Calculation Date will be accelerated should Maricann announce a change of control before the Adjustment Calculation Date. For more information on the terms of the acquisition, please refer to the Share Purchase Agreement between Maricann and the NanoLeaf shareholders date August 21, 2017, which will be filed under Maricann's profile on www.sedar.com.
Vesisorb, a patented cannabinoid drug delivery technology developed at the Zurich Institute of Technology and formulated and manufactured under Good Manufacturing Practices and Food and Drug Administration standards in Baar Switzerland, is a proven nano-dispersion technology used in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical and cosmetic industries, that will improve the water solubility and ultimately, bioavailability of lipophilic drugs (cannabinoids). The technology does not change the molecular structure of cannabinoids.
Vesisorb has shown very strong properties from thermodynamic stability (long shelf life), easy formation (zero interfacial tension and almost spontaneous formation), optical isotropy, high surface area (high solubilization capacity), very small droplet size, standardized dosages, high concentration of bioactive cannabinoids, increased absorption and bioavailability. The small droplets also provide better adherence to membranes and transport drug molecules in a controlled fashion. The key for health care professionals and the pharmaceutical industry is to provide a more efficacious cannabinoid therapy through predictable meter dosing with no delayed onsets and fast absorption.
In connection with the agreement to acquire NanoLeaf, Dr. James Hyssen will be appointed as Chief Operating Officer of Maricann Group Inc. upon signing. Dr. Hyssen possesses an accomplished background as the co-founder of Douglas Laboratories Canada, a globally recognized manufacturer of specialized nutraceuticals. Dr. Hyssen will lead the company's operations as it expands its product offering globally through multiple recognized distribution channels. Terry Fretz, current COO will move to President of the company, focusing effort on development of the company's initiatives in the Pharmaceutical sector, and expansion of the company's global footprint.
"The acquisition of NanoLeaf Technologies Inc. will significantly enhance Maricann's growth trajectory by expanding our product portfolio, delivering access to new markets, and strengthening our pipeline of future products, making us leaders in the drug delivery of cannabinoids" said Ben Ward, CEO of Maricann. "Health Care Professionals are
comfortable with traditional drug delivery systems, and patients understand how to use them."
Eight Capital is acting as financial advisor and Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP is acting as legal counsel to Maricann. Cassels, Brock & Blackwell LLP is acting as legal counsel to NanoLeaf and its shareholders.
About Maricann Group Inc.
Maricann is a vertically integrated producer and distributor of marijuana for medical purposes. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Toronto, Canada and Munich, Germany, with production facilities in Langton, Ontario, Canada where it operates a medicinal cannabis cultivation, extraction, formulation and distribution business under federal licence from the Government of Canada. and Dresden, Saxony, Germany. Maricann is currently undertaking an expansion of its cultivation and support facilities in Canada in a fully funded 217,000 sq. ft. (20,159 sq. m) build out, to support existing and future patient growth.
For more information about Maricann please visit our website at www.maricann.ca
Forward-Looking Information
Certain statements in this document, including statements with respect to the proposed acquisition of NanoLeaf Technologies Inc. and the timing thereof, contain forward-looking statements which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes", "expects", "may", "desires", "will", "should", "projects", "estimates", "contemplates", "anticipates", "intends", or any negative such as "does not believe" or other variations thereof or comparable terminology. No assurance can be given that potential future results or circumstances described in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur. By their nature, these forward-looking statements necessarily involve risks and uncertainties, including those discussed herein, that could cause actual results to significantly differ from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the view of the Company with respect to future events, and are based on information currently available to the Company and on assumptions, which it considers reasonable. Management cautions readers that the assumptions relative to the future events, several of which are beyond Management's control, could prove to be incorrect, given that they are subject to certain risk and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected. There can be no assurance that the proposed transaction will occur or that the anticipated strategic benefits will be realized. The proposed transaction could be modified, restricted or terminated. Factors which could cause results or events to differ from current expectations include, among other things: the satisfaction of the conditions to closing the acquisition; whether the consideration is adjusted pursuant to the terms of the share purchase agreement; fluctuations in operating results; the impact of general economic, industry and market conditions; the ability to recruit and retain qualified employees; fluctuations in cash flow; increased levels of outstanding debt and obligations under a capital lease; expectations regarding market demand for particular products and the dependence on new product development; the impact of market change; and the impact of price and product competition. Management disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
0 of 8
Credit: WWE.com
Even while Seth Rollins and Finn Balor laid their guts on the mat at SummerSlam in a match that left The Demon King with a torn labrum, much of the focus was on the design of the championship belt they fought over.
WWE unveiled the new Universal Championship that night, only to have the Twizzler-colored prize panned in the arena and online. Fans inside Barclays Center chanted snarky comments like "That looks ugly." Twitter had a field day with the belt.
Rollins was unhappy with the criticism. They tweeted, "More important than a title's appearance is what it represents for the men fighting over it. You really let me down tonight, Brooklyn."
The Architect is right about a championship's prestige overcoming its look, but the Universal Championship is still a flop visually. The execution failed. Raw's top title became the butt of jokes because it features one of the worst designs WWE has come up with.
The universal title looks like a toy compared to the Intercontinental Championship and the old "winged eagle" WWF Championship. Those belts are majestic, handsomely designed, fitting trophies for the gladiators who earn them.
WWE's best titles have had the right balance of showiness and elegance. They saluted both the over-the-top nature of pro wrestling yet felt like something that belonged in the sports world, too.
The Universal Championship didn't accomplish any of that. It joins the current tag team titles as some of WWE's biggest design stumbles.
However, WWE can always take comfort in the fact that nothing it has crafted comes close to Jeff Hardy's TNA World Heavyweight Championship in awfulness.
Augmented reality is dazzling when used appropriately. For example, when a tiny James May from BBC's "Top Gear" explains why the Model-T is an important milestone in modern history, that's an appropriately awesome use.
The Science Museum in London's exhibit on the Making of the Modern World looks to be a wonderfully educational experience about how specific technologies have propelled human history forward. And the exhibit gets an interactive boost with the addition of the Science Stories app available for iOS ($3) and Android ($3.20). The app features "Top Gear" host and all-around technology fan James May waxing poetic on why advancements like the Eilean Glas lighthouse and Cray supercomputer deserve a special place in history.
The app doesn't just present video of James May talking – it goes the extra step by delivering a three-dimensional avatar of James May. Basically, you launch the app and point your smartphone camera at a "marker" that the app recognizes as an area on which to project the James May avatar.
The overlay of Mr. May appears on your screen as a 3-D photo model, walking and talking just as the real man would if they were at the museum with you. You can adjust your smartphone's view of the marker, and the avatar will adjust its orientation to the new view.
For example, if you view the maker straight on instead of at a 45-degree angle, you're presented with the top of James May's head. Walk in a circle around the marker, and you can see the avatar's side and back views. Movements to the marker itself will also lead to corresponding changes in James May's orientation.
In all, you're provided with all the angles of James May you've ever wanted to see. And probably a few you didn't.
Because traveling to London is cost-prohibitive for most users, the app can still deliver James May's educational monologues without direct access to the museum's markers. Simply go online, grab a downloadable marker (.pdf), and then print it out. Then fire up the app, and point your phone at the marker print-out – the James May avatar will pop up in all its British brilliance.
After James is finished telling you about the wonders of modern technology, you can take screenshots of them with you and your friends. Gadget Lab has found that it really can't get enough of tiny James May.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The "Open Mosque" will accept people from all religions and sexual orientations
A Muslim academic has opened a gay-friendly mosque in South Africa, despite receiving death threats and fierce criticism from parts of the local Muslim community.
Women will also be allowed to lead prayers at Taj Hargey's "Open Mosque" in Cape Town.
"We are opening the mosque for open-minded people, not closed-minded people," Mr Hargey told the BBC.
They say the mosque will help counter growing Islamic radicalism.
Mr Hargey, a professor at the Muslim Educational Centre of Oxford in the UK, told the BBC's Newsday programme it was time for a "religious revolution".
"In South Africa 20 years ago, there was a peaceful revolution changing from apartheid to democracy and we need to have a similar development in the area of religion," they said.
Image copyright David Ritchie/ Cape argus Image caption Taj Hargey denies going against Muslim teaching
Image copyright AFP Image caption Women will be allowed to preach and pray alongside men
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some Muslim groups are opposed to the mosque
Mr Hargey, who was born in Cape Town, said the mosque would welcome people from all genders, religions and sexual orientations.
As well as leading prayers, women would be allowed to pray in the same room as men, they said.
They contrasted this to the current Islamic practice which sees "women at the back of the street, back of the hall, out of sight, out of mind".
However, members of Cape Town's large Muslim community have taken to social media to criticise the new mosque, with some labelling them a "heretic" or "non-believer".
One group tried to block the opening of the mosque.
South Africa's umbrella body for Islamic groups, the Muslim Judicial Council (MJC), says it is investigating the new mosque and has noted concerns raised in the community.
In their sermon Mr Hargey condemned the increasing hatred in the world between Muslims and Christians and blamed it on "warped theology", reports AFP news agency.
When asked about their qualifications as a religious leader they said: "I have a PhD in Islamic studies from Oxford University, unlike my opponents who went to some donkey college in Pakistan or Saudi Arabia."
They told the BBC that they wanted to revive "the original mosque of the Prophet Muhammad, where there were no barriers".
"This idea of female invisibility is an innovation that came after Muhammad, unfortunately it has become entrenched," they said.
So, Hillary Clinton's a criminal.
We all know it. That's no shock.
But the extent of their criminality is truly incredible. It now turns out that Hillary didn't just wipe their email server with a cloth. They used BleachBit, a program designed to completely obliterate any information that could have been recovered. As Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) put it, “She and their lawyers had those emails deleted, and they didn't just push the delete button. They had them deleted where even God can't read them….You don't use Bleachbit for yoga emails or bridesmaids' emails. When you're using Bleachbit, it is something you really do not want the world to see.”
Gowdy also stated that the FBI didn't even bother to ask Hillary Clinton about their intentions in setting up their email server or wiping it. That's unbelievable, especially considering that the FBI's fig leaf for not recommending Hillary's indictment rested entirely on the notion that Hillary lacked the requisite legal intent for criminal activity.
But they didn't ask them about them intent.
Meanwhile, we're learning that a huge percentage of Huma Abedin's discovered emails have been redacted for Congressional viewing – meaning that they too passed classified information over insecure servers.
There are thousands and thousands of Hillary emails still to come. No doubt they contain more corruption and evidence that the State Department and Clinton Foundation were one and the same.
And the media don't care. Hillary could shoot a puppy, and the media would say there's no smoking gun; they could present them the smoking gun, and they'd say that the gun doesn't have a bullet in it anymore. The left has lost its mind for over four decades thanks to 18 missing minutes of Nixon tape. Hillary used battery acid to destroy tens of thousands of emails, and it's no biggie.
It won't matter much, because our government is so broken that Americans mostly dismiss allegations of political corruption. They're far more interested in personal scandals, including those surrounding Trump's campaign manager, Steve Bannon. But Hillary continues to be a slow-rolling tsunami of perversity and corruption.
The Blink-182 man also recalled meeting Joe Strummer and discussed the meaning of punk
Former Blink-182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has called Oasis‘ Liam Gallagher “the most punk rock dude ever”.
In a preview of the latest episode of The Pursuit Of Tone, a series of documentaries about musicians, DeLonge discusses their views on punk and some of their memories of being in Blink-182. You can watch the video below, via Rolling Stone.
In it, they recall when the trio performed at a radio show on the same day as Oasis. “I remember sitting backstage and I've got my sideways hat on and nose piercings and crazy shit. Here the doors open up and in come these guys in trench coats and Beatles haircuts. My first reaction is ‘fuck, they look pretty fucking cool, but they're not punk rockers, but whatever'.”
They continued with an anecdote about Gallagher coming into their dressing room after the show and asking if they were Blink-182. “He goes ‘you're the best I've seen in America'. I go ‘you like us!' and they goes ‘I didn't say that, but you're the best I've seen in America' and they slammed the door.
“I looked at everyone else and I went ‘oh my god, that's the most punk rock dude I've ever met in my life'. I became the biggest Oasis fan after that where from that day forward I stopped listening to punk rock music and started listening to everything.”
They also discussed meeting Joe Strummer in Australia and The Clash frontman telling them to “open your mind up”, and the meaning of punk.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
“The punk rock ethos exists in a form where kids can adopt it, become unique, become individuals and celebrate the fact that they're outcasts,” they said. “The more of an outcast you become, the better you feel about yourself. You use it in the wrong way when you try to judge other people for not being something.”
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=1244175320001
Purchase of Campbell Property Preserves Sky Rock Overlook in Virginia
Home News Purchase of Campbell Property Preserves Sky Rock Overlook in Virginia
Published Apr 27, 2015
A celebration was held on Friday, April 24, 2015, over the purchase, preservation and protection of 317-acres of land known as "the Campbell property" along the Appalachian Trail -- including the natural "viewshed" from Spy Rock scenic overlook -- within George Washington-Jefferson National Forests in Nelson County, Virginia.
The high-elevation landscape was owned by one of the first families to settle in Nelson County. The Campbells cultivated the land and farmed it for more than a century. This unique acquisition will be managed by the Forest Service for the benefit of golden-winged warblers, brook trout and other species; including people, for hunting, fishing and other outdoor recreation.
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Deputy Under Secretary Arthur "Butch" Blazer joined representatives of The Conservation Fund and the U.S. Forest Service for the ceremony. The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) helped pay for the vital purchase of the Campbell property that will protect this irreplaceable national treasure.
Butch Blazer said, "This is why the Land and Water Conservation Fund is so important. By working with the landowners who want to see this land protected, we are continuing the Campbell family's conservation ethic, and preserving clean drinking water with the Chesapeake Bay watershed. The view enjoyed by thousands of Appalachian Trail hikers will remain untouched for future generations."
With help from the National Park Service, the Conservation Fund purchased the Campbell property in May 2014 and conveyed it to the Forest Service, which prioritized this project for funding from the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
Blazer said that the Land and Water Conservation Fund takes a small portion of the money collected from oil and gas development in federal offshore waters and invests it into conservation and recreation projects for the benefit of all Americans. The Fund will expire in September unless Congress votes to reauthorize it. If it is not reauthorized, local communities could be left without a critical source of funding for critically important local projects such as the Campbell property.
Blazer said the addition of this land, which is almost completely surrounded by the National Forest, not only enhances Forest Service management, it also ensures that the nearby freshwater system of Louisa Spring Branch, suitable for brook trout, will continue to improve. The property holds the potential to also be culturally significant, with previous discoveries of numerous early American artifacts.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund
According to Butch Blazer, the Land and Water Conservation Fund takes a small portion of the money collected from oil and gas development in federal offshore waters and invests it into conservation and recreation projects for the benefit of all Americans. The Fund will expire in September unless Congress votes to reauthorize it. If it is not reauthorized, local communities could be left without a critical source of funding for critically important local projects such as the one we celebrate today.
Mission of the USDA Forest Service
The Forest Service's mission is to sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of the Nation's forests and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations.
The agency manages 193 million acres of public land, provides assistance to state and private landowners, and maintains the largest forestry research organization in the world.
The agency has either a direct or indirect role in flight attendantship of about 80% of the 850 million forested acres within the U.S.
Tags: Attractions, Appalachian Trail, News, US Forest Service, and Conservation
Todd Akin appeared to endorse allowing employers to pay women less than men at a town hall on Thursday.
Gender discrimination in compensation has been illegal in the United States since the passage of the 1963 Equal Pay Act. But in video provided by Sen. Claire McCaskill's campaign, Akin responded to a question about the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act — which made it easier for workers to sue over unequal pay — by suggesting that employers shouldn't even be barred from paying women less in the first place.
Here's a transcript:
AUDIENCE MEMBER: You voted against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. Why do you think it is okay for a woman to be paid less for doing the same work as a man? AKIN: Well, first of all, the premise of your question is that I'm making that particular distinction. I believe in free enterprise. I don't think the government should be telling people what you pay and what you don't pay. I think it's about freedom. If someone what's to hire somebody and they agree on a salary, that's fine, however it wants to work. So, the government sticking its nose into all kinds of things has gotten us into huge trouble.
The McCaskill campaign condemned Akin's remarks.
“First, Todd Akin said Claire's not ‘ladylike' because she's standing up for working families, now he's opposed to the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay act because they believe employers should have the freedom to discriminate against their female employees,” McCaskill spokesperson Caitlin Legacki said in a statement. “Once again, it's clear that the problem isn't what Todd Akin says, the problem is what Todd Akin believes.”
(CNN) The biggest tell to date of Joe Biden's 2020 plans came this week, when they apologized to Anita Hill.
"I wish I had been able to do more for Anita Hill," Biden told Teen Vogue in an interview . "I owe them an apology."
Hill, you will remember, worked for Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas when they were both at the Department of Education. During Thomas' 1991 confirmation hearings, Hill alleged that they had sexually harassed them They came under withering criticism from the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee, which Biden chaired at the time.
Biden, as the years have passed, has been widely perceived as doing too little to defend Hill in that hearing. The optics of a committee of all white men questioning Hill, who is African-American, also aged poorly.
Amid the growing #metoo movement -- and the series of politicians who have either resigned or lost races while battling allegations of sexual harassment -- Biden's past with Hill was sure to grow as an issue in the coming weeks and months.
So they nipped it in the bud. For the second time in a month. (Last month, Biden was asked about the Thomas hearings and their role. "What I do feel badly about is the bad taste that got left in the mouth of some of the people around Anita Hill, and maybe even Anita, about whether or not the witnesses should have been called who were called and weren't called," they said.)
That is not an accident. Biden, a 75-year-old white man, understands how the treatment of Hill was perceived by many women and, in light of the cultural movement around women speaking out about harassment, they are working to clear up any sort of misunderstanding or hurt feelings around it.  They are clearing the decks, purging their past of anything that could be seized on by, say, a future political opponent.
A future political opponent like, say, New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, who has emerged as the leading voice of the #metoo movement on Capitol Hill. Gillibrand was the first senator to call for Sen. Al Franken's resignation in the wake of a series of allegations from women that they groped and forcibly kissed them. And they are very much looking at running for president in 2020.
"If I were offered the nomination by the Lord Almighty right now, today, I would say no because we're not ready, the family's not ready to do this. If, in a year from now, if we're ready, and nobody has moved in that I think can do it, then I may very well do it."
That's not a "no." Heck, it's not even a "maybe." It's basically a "yes ... probably." Biden's caveat -- "nobody has moved in that I think can do it" -- is the tell. He's a politician. Who was a senator at 30. A two-time presidential candidate. And a two-term vice president. Looking at that résumé, do you really think they are going to conclude that anyone who decides to run for the Democratic nomination in 2020 is really more qualified to do the job than they are?
None of that is to say that Biden is a lock for the race. He, more than almost anyone, knows the role that fate -- and unexpected events -- can play in a life, having lost their eldest son, Beau, to brain cancer in 2015
"I'm a great respecter of fate, but who knows what the situation is going to be in a year and a half?," Biden told the "Today" show last month. "I don't have any idea. I'm in good health now, I'm in good shape ... but I just don't know. Honest to God, that's the truth."
What Biden is doing right now -- with the Hill apology as the leading edge -- is not (yet) running for president, but preparing to decide to run for president.
To undertake such a gargantuan endeavor -- and, remember that Biden's two past presidential bids make them uniquely able to understand the challenges of a national campaign -- is something that requires years' worth of planning, plotting and thinking.
Think of it this way: Running for president is like an iceberg. The part that you see above the water is the time from the announcement of the bid to its end -- whether in victory or defeat. But that visible part is only a tiny fraction of the entirety of the actual iceberg that is floating below the surface. What Biden is doing right now is well under the water line -- checking for cracks, shoring up weak spots and the like.
If they run, Biden almost certainly is the race's Democratic front-runner -- given their universal name recognition, their close relationship with Barack Obama (and the Obama political and money networks) and their personal story.
But a Biden candidacy doesn't clear the Democratic field. Not even close. With President Donald Trump's approval ratings already in the mid-to-low 30s, there will be a loooooong line of ambitious Democrats who see the party nomination as a near sure-thing into the White House.
And almost everyone in that 2020 Democratic race will be a fresher -- and younger -- face than Biden. What they cannot do is allow themselves to be defined as a voice from the past before the race even begins. They know that -- hence the Hill apology.
Make no mistake: Joe Biden is getting ready. And, given that, the expectation should be that they will run in 2020.
Every single wrestling fan, no matter their age, has heard the same question repeated after declaring their love for sports entertainment: “You know it's fake, right?” It's a common refrain, and one that, more than anything else, is meant to criticize wrestling fandom. It's not so much “You know it's fake, right?” as it is, “How can you watch that garbage?” It's a statement that seeks to devalue wrestling, to suggest that it's lowbrow television that's catered to children and man-children.
Underneath the veiled disdain is an intriguing topic of discussion. Professional wrestling, or sports entertainment, is unlike anything else on television in terms of how it can (or cannot) be categorized. It's athletically demanding, but it's not exactly a sport. It's fictional, but not necessarily episodic or organized into proper seasons. Some of it's pre-taped and some of it's performed live on television. It's at once a sporting event, a soap opera, a superhero movie, and a reality show. Perhaps more than any other art form, wrestling, and particularly WWE, actively engages with its own fakeness and explores the notion of what's “real” in terms of sport and art.
Advertisement
WWE, and professional wrestling more generally, thrives on constructing, exploiting, and engaging with the meaning of reality. It's part of the appeal; and clearly there's appeal, because WWE Monday Night Raw is consistently one of the highest rated programs on television and actively competes with the goliath that is Monday Night Football during the NFL's regular season. While wrestling is both fake and real at once, how WWE constructs and exploits the notion of what's real and what's fake is complicated.
WWE has a variety of programs on network television and streaming on the WWE Network, its own Netflix-style subscription service composed of original and archived content, but three of its most popular shows are indicative of the various ways in which WWE constructs and interrogates the notion of reality. There's Monday Night Raw, the company's flagship show and most prominent example of its in-ring entertainment. There's the USA Network's Tough Enough, a reality competition complete with judges and trainers, where amateur wrestlers compete for a WWE contract. Then there's the smash hit Total Divas, airing on E!, which is a behind-the-scenes look at the lives of WWE Divas.
Each of these programs engages with reality in different ways, and maybe not in the ways you'd expect. Both Tough Enough and Total Divas are billed as reality shows. This is 2015, so we know that a “reality” show doesn't mean everything is real, but both shows purport to be an inside look at the business of professional wrestling. Tough Enough looks at what it takes to become a WWE Superstar or Diva (the names for the male and female talent on the roster) while Total Divas is the natural extension of that journey, a look at what it's like to actually work for the WWE, to wrestle around the world for upward of 300 days a year. Despite the “reality” label, these two shows are by far WWE's most fictional creations. Tough Enough has more in common with Big Brother than it does any sort of athletic competition, with many of the chosen amateurs essentially angling to be on TV in some capacity. Total Divas is certainly more realistic in the sense that it goes behind the scenes of WWE, but it's still a neat and tidy portrayal of the company. While real-life events are peppered throughout the show, including this season's focus on the health of Daniel Bryan, husband of WWE Diva Brie Bella, the structure and nature of the show is rooted in the faux-realism that's familiar to anyone who's seen a single episode of reality television since the mid-'00s.
Advertisement
Monday Night Raw, somewhat paradoxically, is the closest the company comes to actually delivering reality television. Where the structure of Total Divas and Tough Enough can be hermetically sealed and controlled, Raw is filled with variables that make it like nothing else on TV. It's not just that Raw is shown live every single Monday night of the year, with no off season. There's also the fact that the wrestlers can be injured, forcing an unexpected change in storyline. There's the sticky situation of contract renewals and the injection of new talent into the main roster and onto television. More than those behind-the-scenes situations though, Raw is the real “reality” television because, in 2015, when “kayfabe” (the wrestling term for something that's fictional) is essentially dead, the illusion broken a long time ago, WWE is forced to let real life influence the stories they tell.
Some of the most memorable storylines of the past few years have grown out of real life situations. Two storylines in particular come to mind. The first was in 2011, when CM Punk's contract with WWE was coming to an end. They were sick of being relegated to the middle of the card; sick of seeing the same guys get put into the main event and succeed besides having only a shred of their wrestling ability. Their very real contract dispute, which would potentially see them leave the company, was written into their feud with John Cena for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Most famously, Punk, on an episode of Raw, was given a microphone and told they had free rein to go out on the ramp and say what they had to say. Later labeled the “pipe bomb” promo, Punk ripped into WWE's culture of complacency and corporate ass kissing. It was a huge moment that reverberated in mainstream popular culture and is evidence of how WWE's most realistic product is the one where a bunch of guys in tights fake-punch each other.
The most recent example is the story of Daniel Bryan, who in 2014 had all the crowd support a Superstar could ever want. In wrestling terms they were seriously over, the most popular guy in the company, their “Yes!” movement branching out into mainstream popular culture and the sports world. At the start of 2014 though, WWE had little faith in them being a legit champion, their size and look too far removed from the typical musclemen that came before him. When the crowd support couldn't be ignored anymore though, especially after the crowd hijacked the 2014 Royal Rumble by booing throughout the night after it was clear Bryan wasn't competing or heading to Wrestlemania, WWE turned Bryan's struggle into a storyline. Eventually, that led to Bryan wrestling two classic matches at Wrestlemania 30 and winning the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Confetti fell from the ceiling and tears flowed, all because it was real.
Advertisement
So, to answer the question posed above, the one every wrestling fan has heard before. Yes, I know the fighting and characters are “fake,” but in so many other ways wrestling, and the constructed reality of its most rewarding and compelling storylines, is as real and human as can be.
In my late 50s, at a time of life when most people are supposed to be drifting into a cautious conservatism, I am surprised to find myself moving steadily leftward.
This is unexpected. It comes even as I am financially comfortable and enjoying my work. (I'm writing this from my summer home in Maine.) I'm not a natural progressive—I spent the last quarter century covering the U.S. military, first for the Wall Street Journal and then for the Washington Post, and now for Foreign Policy magazine. I have written five books about the Marines, the Army and our wars.
I am puzzled by this late-middle-age politicization. During the time I was a newspaper reporter, I didn't participate in elections, because I didn't want to vote for, or against, the people I covered. Mentally, I was a detached centrist. Today I remain oriented to the free market and in favor of a strong national defense, so I have hardly become a radical socialist.
But since leaving newspapers, I have again and again found myself shifting to the left in major areas such as foreign policy and domestic economic policy. I wonder whether others of my generation are similarly pausing, poking up their heads from their workplaces and wondering just what happened to this country over the last 15 years, and what do to about it.
The things that are pushed me leftward began with the experience of closely watching our national security establishment for decades. But they don't end there. They are, in roughly chronological order:
Disappointment in the American government over the last 10 years. Our wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were the first big shocks. I thought that invading Afghanistan was the right response to the 9/11 attacks, but I never expected the U.S. military leadership would be so inept in fighting there and in Iraq, running the wars in ways that made more enemies than were stopped. I believe that the invasion of Iraq was wrong, not only launched on false premises but also strategically foolish in that ultimately it has increased Iran's power in the Middle East.
Torture. I never expected my country to endorse torture. I know that torture has existed in all wars, but to my knowledge, its use, under the chilling term “enhanced interrogation,” was never official U.S. policy until this century. In fact, until our recent wars, the American military had a proud heritage of handling its prisoners better than most. During the Revolutionary War, Gen. George Washington reminded their men of the need to “Treat [captives] with humanity, and Let them have no reason to complain of our Copying the brutal example of the British army.”
How we fought. I never thought that an American government would employ mercenaries in a war. And yet we did this in Iraq by hiring thousands of armed “security contractors” who in practice were subject neither to local law nor to the American military justice system, and so could and often did treat Iraqis badly. In September 2007, I remember, American officers, who by then understood the need to treat Iraqi civilians well, were outraged when Blackwater employees shot 37 Iraqis in Baghdad's Nisour Square—the rough equivalent of opening up on the lunch crowd in Dupont Circle. Yet to my knowledge, the U.S. government has not studied how the use of mercenaries poisoned the conduct of the war. Indeed, it gives every indication of planning to operate the same way in the future.
Intelligence officials run amok. I think that American intelligence officials have shown a contempt for the way our democracy is supposed to work in turning a vast and unaccountable apparatus on the citizens it is supposed to be protecting. I remain wary of Edward Snowden's motivations and connections, yet still am worried by the intrusive surveillance by the National Security Agency they have unveiled. At the very least, in a democracy, we should be able to be informed about the actions that have eroded our privacy but supposedly were taken in our name.
Growing income inequality. I also have been dismayed by the transfer of massive amounts of wealth to the richest people in the country, a policy supported over the last 35 years by successive administrations of both parties. Apparently income redistribution downward is dangerously radical, but redistribution upward is just business as usual. The middle class used at least to get lip service from the rich—“backbone of the country” and such. Now it is often treated like a bunch of saps not aware enough to evade their taxes.
Bailouts for bankers. When the economic bets made by the wealthiest Americans soured in 2008, the taxpayers picked up the tab. Bankers who got government bailouts continued to award themselves multimillion-dollar bonuses. “Too big to fail” was the term of art favored by Wall Street and its regulators but really it is simply a polite way of bankers saying, “Heads we win, tails you lose.” In economic terms, we have seen our system gamed by investment bankers so that their risks are socialized but their gains remain private. In the American system, janitors shouldn't be paying taxes to support the bad decisions of billionaire financiers.
Democracy for sale. The wealthy, abetted by the most out-of-touch Supreme Court in many decades, also have been permitted to purchase an outsized voice in American politics. I am a First Amendment fundamentalist, and I do not think there should be many restrictions on what individuals do and say in the realm of politics. Yet I do not think that corporations are people, or that they should enjoy the full array of rights bestowed by the founding fathers on American citizens. But because of a series of disastrous Court rulings in recent years, that's what we've got, a system that is not only resulting in hyper-empowered rich people but is actively undermining the two-party system. The Democratic Party, which in the last century compromised its ideals in order to placate segregationist Southern Democrats, now peddles itself in the same way to Republicans' traditional financial base on Wall Street.
Gun massacres. I am just sickened by our tendency to accept disturbingly more frequent gun massacres as the price of being an American. I don't know what more has to be said about this. More than any other issue, this makes me despair. It just strikes me as insane to let it go on.
***
This has all made me shift my thinking, not so much about partisan politics but in feeling a sense of disquiet about both major political parties—and about our entire system. I suspect there are others who feel the same way. I certainly found it striking when earlier this week, retired Army Lt. Gen. Jay Garner, who in 2003 was the first American administrator in occupied Iraq, told a Florida audience: “I grew up absolutely in love with this country and believing everything the government said . . . . In the last 10 years, I've gotten so disenchanted with the government, so disappointed with it.”
Not long ago, when I mentioned my unease to an old friend who is a Pentagon official—not in a political job but a professional one—he surprised me by confessing that they were feeling the same way. Exploring the thought, they mentioned in particular how disturbed they had been by the trend of “stand your ground” laws that seem to permit angry white men to gun down black youth who frighten them.
Where might this all lead? I am no better at predicting the future than anyone else. I think there are many others like me who are just as puzzled about where our country is at now, and how we got here. No doubt there are many reasons, though I believe there are clear signs that the Reagan Revolution, which made incentive-oriented, free-market solutions the default mode of both parties, is now finally petering out. I anticipate calls for more federal intervention, especially in areas where the public good is suffering, such as transportation and the cost of higher education. We may yet see a leftish generation of senior citizens, a group of aging Baby Boomers who can make common cause with a squeezed middle class and a generation of millennials whose careers have been damaged by the Great Recession while the top 1 percent have grown even wealthier.
If so, we can hope that our new Gilded Age will lead, as the last one did, to a new era of Progressivism when reform and reinvention take hold to restore a democracy gone complacent. But maybe that is asking too much for the new leftie I now seem to have become. At the very least, I hope we will cease to be a nation at ease with torture and inequality, a country that once again steers by its ideals.
Not long ago I was at PAX East playing Masquerada: Songs and Shadows, and admiring its odd combat system, and beautiful visuals. it was I mused “A beautiful journey for the eyes, but a bit to be desired when it came to combat”. Now with another PAX nearly upon us, I am happy to report that Masquerada: Songs and Shadows, is finding a second wind with a Switch port coming in Q4 of this year.
Described by the developers as: A tatical RPG where you use the powers of the elements granted to you by magical masks to enact combos and defeat enemies on your quest to investigate the disappearance of a friend. Navigate a society built on intrigue and powerful artifacts to unravel the mysteries that tie the past and present together. Masquerada is really about telling a story. Its Kingdom Hearts style combat, will fit super well with the controls of the Switch, and I cant wait to be able to take this beauty with me to work.
Set in a city-state whose people don't believe in an afterlife and where only the rich and powerful are granted the privilege of being remembered after their passing, the world of Masquerada: Songs and Shadows is one with rich lore and world building, bright, hand-painted environments, and a thoughtful story that explores how societies deal with love, life, power and death.
Story
It's been five years since Gavar was exiled. Allowed to return home in exchange for investigating the disappearance of an old friend who has been researching the Mascherines, magical masks that grant extraordinary powers, Cicero's journey will force them to navigate through a civil war and a mystical, ancient history full of intrigue and tragedy.
Cicero and their four companions will confound their enemies in real-time combat with tactical pause. Between skill trees of Cicero and their allies, the party can activate elemental combos to deal devastating damage.
Matt Mercer, voice actor for Cicero Gavar said today:
“Masquerada was an incredible experience for me. As a lover of storytelling and character development, the incredible writing of the game drew me in immediately, Now mix this grand tale with my love of Isometric RPGs of yore, and I'm sold on multiple levels. I'm not just a cast member of the project, but a dedicated fan.”
I cant wait to pick this game up for Switch!
Clinton has a 4% lead over Donald Trump heading into the last debate, while most Trump voters lack confidence in the integrity of vote counting
Heading into the third and final presidential debate, Democrat Hillary Clinton continues to hold a lead over Republican nominee Donald Trump, even while the GOP business person's supporters express serious concerns about the validity of the election, doubting the possibility that Clinton could legitimately win. In the latest Economist/YouGov Poll, Trump voters' concerns extend beyond the vote count, affecting their opinions of several GOP party leaders. But Trump voters reject one accusation – they don't think Russia is attempting to affect the outcome of this year's election.
Clinton's lead this week looks much like their lead in nearly every weekly Economist/YouGov Poll conducted in the last few months – there is a four-point difference among registered voters. That lead is stable whether third party candidates are included or not included in the question.
As usual, men are closely divided, while this week women give Clinton an eight-point lead. Trump runs belter with voters 45 and older than they do with younger voters. Women have been more likely than men to believe that the “Access Hollywood” tape of Trump discussing sexual conquests, released more than a week ago, is a serious matter, and they are also more likely to believe Trump's statements on that tape were more than just “locker room talk.” 51% of women think Trump actually has done the actions they described on the tape. However, that percentage drops to 15% among Trump supporters – both male and female.
Trump has criticized what they see as a “rigged election,” and has been doing so with increasing vehemence. In this, their voters are in agreement, though for many, it will be a “rigging” taking place somewhere other than their own neighborhoods. A majority of Trump supporters have little or no confidence that votes will be counted accurately across the country. That figures drop by half when the question is about accurate vote counting in their own communities, and by nearly half when it comes to the counting of their own ballot.
More than half of Trump's supporters (57%) go so far as to say that if Hillary Clinton wins the election November 8, their election is very likely to be the result of voter fraud (a third of Clinton supporters would be very likely to attribute a Trump victory to fraud).
Clinton voters also worry about voting irregularities, but they are far more likely to care about eligible voters being kept from casting a ballot than they are to see a problem with people casting fraudulent votes. 57% of Clinton voters are very concerned about the impact of voter identification laws keeping legitimate voters from the ballot (compared with only 14% of Trump supporters). Clinton voters are also more concerned about the possibility that Russia might be interfering with American electoral process by hacking U.S. politicians. Half of Clinton voters are very concerned about that happening– four times as many as the number of Trump voters who say that.
Trump voters reject the government's assertion that Russia was involved in the hack of Democratic National Committee and the ClInton campaign's emails, one way Russia might be trying to influence the election. By 60% to 8%, Clinton supporters believe Russia was responsible. Only 10% of Trump voters agree.
Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence, along with many other GOP leaders, has taken issue with their running mate's charges of likely voter fraud. Pence remains very popular with Trump voters (in fact, among all registered voters, Pence is more popular than Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine). But other members of the GOP don't fare that well with Trump's voters, most especially the GOP Congressional leadership.
House Speaker Paul Ryan distanced themselves from Trump after the “Access Hollywood” video was broadcast. Trump voters don't approve. They think it was wrong for GOP leaders to withdraw their support. And they definitely don't like Ryan (or their Senate counterpart, Mitch McConnell). Trump supporters are more than twice as likely to view Ryan unfavorably as favorably, and are even more negative e towards McConnell.
As was the case in Economist/YouGov polls conducted before the first two presidential debates, Clinton is viewed as the final debate's likely winner, and by an even greater margin than they were before the other debates. Before Debate Two, 44% of registered voters believed Clinton would do better, and 30% said Trump would, a 14-point gap. Looking ahead to tonight's final debate, the Clinton margin has grown to 19 points.
Clinton voters continue to hold higher expectations for Clinton's debate performance than Trump voters give him: 86% of Clinton's voters think they will outperform Trump at the debate; only 63% of Trump's voters think they will do better than Clinton.
Perhaps the most popular element of the second debate was its format, with selected undecided voters asking the candidates questions. Nearly three-quarters of voter believe it was a good idea to use this format, and by two to one, those with an opinion said that the format made it a better debate, not a worse one. However, even more thought there was no difference.
See the rest of this week's YouGov/Economist Poll
YouGov/Economist Poll archives
It's almost impossible to tell, but the car above is a Nissan GT-R. The man at the wheel was Russian soccer star Andrey Yeshchenko, and they were reportedly traveling at over 105 mph when they drilled a street lamp in the town of Krasnodar. Amazingly, the CCTV footage below shows Yeshchenko walking away from the wreckage just seconds after their destroyed GT-R comes to a rest.
Yeshchenko is a defensive player on the Russian soccer team Kuban Krasnodar. It's unclear from the video what caused them to lose control, but what is clear is that they hit the post with unfathomable force.
Fortunately for him, the passenger side of the car took the brunt of the impact. Yeshchenko was said to be in shock after the crash, but otherwise unharmed. They will return to the field soon, a very lucky boy.
As for the $100,000 GT-R, well, that's another story. There is basically nothing left of it, beyond the driver's compartment that remains mostly still intact — sort of. With a 0-60 mph time of 2.7 seconds, we've long known that the GT-R is one seriously quick supercar. Now we know it's pretty darn strong as well.
Unless Congress acts by March 1st, a series of automatic cuts—called a sequester—that threaten thousands of jobs and the economic security of the middle class will take effect. There is no question that we need to cut the deficit, but the President believes it should be done in a balanced way that protects investments that the middle class relies on. Already, the President has worked with Congress to reduce the deficit by more than $2.5 trillion, but there's more to do. The President believes we can not only avoid the harmful effects of a sequester but also reduce the deficit by $4 trillion total by cutting even more wasteful spending and eliminating tax loopholes for the wealthy.
Unfortunately, many Republicans in Congress refuse to ask the wealthy to pay a little more by closing tax loopholes so that we can protect investments that are helping grow our economy and keep our country safe. Our economy is poised to take off but we cannot afford a self-inflicted wound from Washington. We cannot simply cut our way to prosperity, and if Republicans continue to insist on an unreasonable cuts-only approach, the middle class risks paying the price. The most damaging effects of a sequester on the middle class are:
• Cuts to education: Our ability to teach our kids the skills they'll need for the jobs of the future would be put at risk. 70,000 young children would be kicked off Head Start, 10,000 teacher jobs would be put at risk, and funding for up to 7,200 special education teachers, aides, and staff could be cut.
• Cuts to small business: Small businesses create two-thirds of all new jobs in America and instead of helping small businesses expand and hire, the automatic cuts triggered by a sequester would reduce loan guarantees to small businesses by up to $902 million.
• Cuts to food safety: Outbreaks of foodborne illness are a serious threat to families and public health. If a sequester takes effect, up to 2,100 fewer food inspections could occur, putting families at risk and costing billions in lost food production.
• Cuts to research and innovation: In order to compete for the jobs of the future and to ensure that the next breakthroughs to find cures for critical diseases are developed right here in America, we need to continue to lead the world in research and innovation. Most Americans with chronic diseases don't have a day to lose, but under a sequester progress towards cures would be delayed and several thousand researchers could lose their jobs. Up to 12,000 scientists and students would also be impacted.
• Cuts to mental health: If a sequester takes effect, up to 373,000 seriously mentally ill adults and seriously emotionally disturbed children could go untreated. This would likely lead to increased hospitalizations, involvement in the criminal justice system, and homelessness for these individuals.
The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) now calculates that sequestration will require an annual reduction of roughly 5 percent for nondefense programs and roughly 8 percent for defense programs. However, given that these cuts must be achieved over only seven months instead of 12, the effective percentage reductions will be approximately 9 percent for nondefense programs and 13 percent for defense programs. These large and arbitrary cuts will have severe impacts across the government.
More detailed explanations of these cuts as well as additional areas that will be impacted include:
Security and Safety
• FBI and other law enforcement – The FBI and other law enforcement entities would see a reduction in capacity equivalent to more than 1,000 Federal agents. This loss of agents would significantly impact our ability to combat violent crime, pursue financial crimes, secure our borders, and protect national security.
• U.S. Attorneys – The Department of Justice would prosecute approximately 1,000 fewer criminal cases nationwide, and some civil litigation defending the financial interests of the United States would not be pursued, potentially costing taxpayers billions of dollars.
• Emergency responders – FEMA would need to reduce funding for State and local grants that support firefighter positions and State and local emergency management personnel, hampering our ability to respond to natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy and other emergencies.
Research and Innovation
• NIH research – The National Institutes of Health (NIH) would be forced to delay or halt vital scientific projects and make hundreds of fewer research awards. Since each research award supports up to seven research positions, several thousand personnel could lose their jobs. Many projects would be difficult to pursue at reduced levels and would need to be cancelled, putting prior year investments at risk. These cuts would delay progress on the prevention of debilitating chronic conditions that are costly to society and delay development of more effective treatments for common and rare diseases affecting millions of Americans.
• NSF research – The National Science Foundation (NSF) would issue nearly 1,000 fewer research grants and awards, impacting an estimated 12,000 scientists and students and curtailing critical scientific research.
• New drug approvals – The FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) would face delays in translating new science and technology into regulatory policy and decision-making, resulting in delays in new drug approvals. The FDA would likely also need to reduce operational support for meeting review performance goals, such as the recently negotiated user fee goals on new innovative prescription drugs and medical devices.
Economic Growth
• Small business assistance – Small Business Administration (SBA) loan guarantees would be cut by up to $902 million, constraining financing needed by small businesses to maintain and expand their operations and create jobs.
• Economic development – The Economic Development Administration's (EDA) ability to leverage private sector resources to support projects that spur local job creation would be restricted, likely resulting in more than 1,000 fewer jobs created than expected and leaving more than $47 million in private sector investment untapped.
• International trade – The International Trade Administration (ITA) would be forced to reduce its support for America's exporters, trimming assistance to U.S. businesses looking to increase their exports and expand operations into foreign markets. In addition, ITA would not be able to place staff in critical international growth markets, where there is a clear business opportunity for many American businesses to increase their sales and create jobs at home. These staff would have been part of a key program working to promote and facilitate global investment in the U.S., supporting thousands of new jobs through Foreign Direct Investment.
Government Services
• Food safety – The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) could conduct 2,100 fewer inspections at domestic and foreign facilities that manufacture food products while USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) may have to furlough all employees for approximately two weeks. These reductions could increase the number and severity of safety incidents, and the public could suffer more foodborne illness, such as the recent salmonella in peanut butter outbreak and the E. coli illnesses linked to organic spinach, as well as cost the food and agriculture sector millions of dollars in lost production volume.
• IRS customer service and tax compliance – The cuts to operating expenses and expected furloughs at the IRS would result in the inability of millions of taxpayers to get answers from IRS call centers and taxpayer assistance centers and would significantly delay IRS responses to taxpayer letters. The IRS would be forced to complete fewer tax return reviews and would experience reduced capacity to detect and prevent fraud, resulting in an inability to collect and protect billions of dollars in revenue annually. Cuts to the IRS would ultimately cost taxpayers and increase the deficit through lost revenue from recoveries and additional fraud and abuse.
• Native American programs - Tribes would lose almost $130 million in funding from the Department of the Interior. Reductions would be necessary in many areas including human services, law enforcement, schools, economic development and natural resources.
• Workplace safety – The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) could have to pull its inspectors off the job for some period of time. This would mean roughly 1,200 fewer inspections of the Nation's most dangerous workplaces, which would leave workers unprotected and could lead to an increase in worker fatality and injury rates.
Education
• Title I education funds – Title I education funds would be eliminated for more than 2,700 schools, cutting support for nearly 1.2 million disadvantaged students. This funding reduction would put the jobs of approximately 10,000 teachers and aides at risk. Students would lose access to individual instruction, afterschool programs, and other interventions that help close achievement gaps.
• Special education (IDEA) – Cuts to special education funding would eliminate Federal support for more than 7,200 teachers, aides, and other staff who provide essential instruction and support to preschool and school-aged students with disabilities.
• Head Start – Head Start and Early Head Start services would be eliminated for approximately 70,000 children, reducing access to critical early education. Community and faith based organizations, small businesses, local governments, and school systems would have to lay off over 14,000 teachers, teacher assistants, and other staff.
Economic Security
• Social Security applicant and beneficiary services – The Social Security Administration (SSA) would be forced to curtail service to the public and reduce program oversight efforts designed to make sure benefits are paid accurately and to the right people. Potential effects on SSA operations could include a reduction in service hours to the public, the closure of some offices, and a substantial growth in the backlog of Social Security disability claims.
• Senior meals – Federally-assisted programs like Meals on Wheels would be able to serve 4 million fewer meals to seniors. These meals contribute to the overall health and well-being of participating seniors, including those with chronic illnesses that are affected by diet, such as diabetes and heart disease, and frail seniors who are homebound. The meals can account for 50 percent or more of daily food for the majority of home delivered participants.
• Nutrition assistance for women, infants and children – Approximately 600,000 women and children would be dropped from the Department of Agriculture's Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) from March through September. At least 1,600 State and local jobs could be lost as a result.
• Rental assistance – The Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) Housing Choice Voucher program, which provides rental assistance to very low-income families, would face a significant reduction in funding, which would place about 125,000 families at immediate risk of losing their permanent housing.
• Emergency unemployment compensation – People receiving Emergency Unemployment Compensation benefits would see their benefits cut by as much as 9.4 percent. Affected long-term unemployed individuals would lose an average of more than $400 in benefits that they and their families count on while they search for another job. Smaller unemployment checks will also have a negative impact on the economy as a whole. Economists have estimated that every dollar in unemployment benefits generates $2 in economic activity.
• Homelessness programs – More than 100,000 formerly homeless people, including veterans, would be removed from their current housing and emergency shelter programs, putting them at risk of returning to the streets.
Public Health
• Mental health and substance abuse services – Cuts to the Mental Health Block Grant program would result in over 373,000 seriously mentally ill adults and seriously emotionally disturbed children not receiving needed mental health services. This cut would likely lead to increased hospitalizations, involvement in the criminal justice system, and homelessness for these individuals. In addition, close to 8,900 homeless persons with serious mental illness would not get the vital outreach, treatment, housing, and support they need through the Projects for Assistance in Transition from Homelessness (PATH) program.
• AIDS and HIV treatment and prevention – Cuts to the AIDS Drug Assistance Program could result in 7,400 fewer patients having access to life saving HIV medications. And approximately 424,000 fewer HIV tests could be conducted by Centers for Disease Control (CDC) State grantees, which could result in increased future HIV transmissions, deaths from HIV, and costs in health care.
• Tribal services – The Indian Health Service and Tribal hospitals and clinics would be forced to provide 3,000 fewer inpatient admissions and 804,000 fewer outpatient visits, undermining needed health care in Tribal communities.
Jon Gruden, Super Bowl winning head coach and current ESPN NFL analyst, didn't sugarcoat it when asked about what they thought of Urban Meyer's run this season at Ohio State.
"Urban Meyer did the greatest coaching job of all time," Gruden said Thursday on Colin Cowherd's radio show, The Herd. "Winning a national championship with their third-string quarterback, I've never seen that before."
Gruden, of course, was referring to Cardale Jones guiding the Buckeyes to three-straight wins en route to their national championship. That included a 42-20 rout of Oregon in the first-ever College Football Playoff national title game.
"What they did at Ohio State, losing a Heisman Trophy candidate and then doing what they did with two different quarterbacks that were backups," Gruden said. "Amazing to me."
High praise from one of the game's better coaches.
H/T: NFL.com
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- For those who believe in omens, the last time the Kansas City Chiefs went undefeated in the preseason, in 1969, they went on to claim the only Super Bowl victory in franchise history.
The previous time the Chiefs won all of their exhibition games, in 1966, they reached the Super Bowl for the only other time in club history.
So it seems the 3-0 Chiefs have a lot to play for in Thursday night's final preseason game at the St. Louis Rams. Yet, on closer inspection, having preseason success extend into the regular season is mainly a Kansas City thing.
Over the last 15 years, three undefeated preseason teams went on to win the Super Bowl (2000 Baltimore Ravens, 2003 New England Patriots and 2013 Seattle Seahawks). Over the same time, no winless preseason team has gone on to win the Super Bowl.
But, according to numbers from the Elias Sports Bureau, teams that finished a preseason without a loss generally don't fare much better than those that go winless. From 2000 through 2014, teams that went undefeated in the preseason averaged 7.8 wins. Over the same time, those that fail to win a preseason game average 7.6 wins.
Infamously, the 2008 Detroit Lions went 4-0 in the preseason but went on to become the NFL's only team to finish a regular season 0-16.
This explains why the Chiefs are approaching the Rams game with so much apathy they don't plan to play any of their starters.
“We play a bunch of guys in the preseason and it's an evaluation process,'' offensive coordinator Doug Pederson said. “That's what the preseason is for and we go out to win every game: regular season, preseason, postseason, whatever it is. We coach to win every game.
“However, preseason is a little different because it's the evaluation process. You sort of have an idea, like you know Alex Smith is going to be your guy and Jeremy Maclin is going to be your guy, but after that you sort of have to start evaluating your players and find the best 11 going into [the regular season opener against] Houston. There are teams that go 0-4 in the preseason and go onto the Super Bowl, so I don't put a lot of weight into that [the record].”
Iran's nuclear program, which stumbled badly after a reported cyberattack last year, appears beset by poorly performing equipment, shortages of parts and other woes as global sanctions exert a mounting toll, Western diplomats and nuclear experts say.
The new setbacks are surfacing at a time when Iran faces growing international pressure, including allegations that Iranian officials backed a clumsy attempt to kill a Saudi diplomat in Washington. Analysts say Iran has become increasingly frustrated and erratic as political change sweeps the region and its nuclear program struggles.
Although Iran continues to stockpile enriched uranium in defiance of U.N. resolutions, two new reports portray the country's nuclear program as riddled with problems as scientists struggle to keep older equipment working.
At Iran's largest nuclear complex, near the city of Natanz, fast-spinning machines called centrifuges churn out enriched uranium. But the average output is steadily declining as the equipment breaks down, according to an analysis of data collected by U.N. nuclear officials.
Iran has vowed to replace the older machines with models that are faster and more efficient. Yet new centrifuges recently introduced at Natanz contain parts made from an inferior type of metal that is weaker and more prone to failure, according to a report by the Institute for Science and International Security, a Washington nonprofit group widely regarded for its analysis of nuclear programs.
“Without question, they have been set back,” said David Albright, president of the institute and a former inspector for the U.N. nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency. Although the problems are not fatal for Iran's nuclear ambitions, they have “hurt Iran's ability to break out quickly” into the ranks of the world's nuclear powers, Albright said.
U.S. intelligence officials have concluded that Iran's clerical leaders are seeking to rapidly acquire the technical capability to make nuclear weapons, though there are indications that top officials have not yet firmly committed to building the bomb. Iran maintains that its nuclear intentions are peaceful.
Western diplomats and nuclear experts say Iranian officials have been frustrated and angered by the program's numerous setbacks, including deadly attacks on Iranian nuclear scientists. Four Iranian scientists have been killed by unidentified assailants since 2007, and a fifth narrowly escaped death in an attempted car-bombing.
Feeling besieged
Some U.S. officials have suggested that the alleged plot to assassinate Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Washington was emblematic of the frustration and disarray within Iran's ruling elite at a time when internal unrest has destabilized the nation's closest Arab ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
U.S. officials have said that the alleged assassination plot originated from elements within Iran's elite Quds Force, a covert paramilitary group. But it is not clear whether the nation's top leaders knew about or approved the plan.
The alleged $1.5 million scheme fell apart when an Iranian American accomplice sought to hire a Mexican hit man who in reality was an undercover informant for the Drug Enforcement Administration.
“It could be an outgrowth of the fact that we've crossed a red line in the Iranians' eyes,” said a senior administration official involved in high-level discussions of Iran policy.
“We're used to seeing them do bad things, but this plot was so bizarre, it could be a sign of desperation, a reflection of the fact that they're feeling under siege,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity so they could discuss the matter candidly.
Albright noted that Iran has behaved erratically in other arenas as well, using novel tactics to try to gain advanced materials and technology for its nuclear program and weapons systems.
“Their procurement efforts are less thought-through, and they're getting caught a lot more, which suggests that they are becoming more desperate,” they said.
The Obama administration has sought to use the revelations of the alleged plot to rally international support for stronger sanctions and other measures to discourage Iran from seeking to become a nuclear power.
In Tehran, officials said Monday that they were ready to investigate allegations by the United States that the Quds Force plotted to kill Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir. “We are ready to patiently investigate any issue, even if it's fabricated,” Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi told the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency. “We also asked America to give us the information related to this scenario.”
Salehi and other Iranian officials, however, continued to maintain that Iran had nothing to do with the alleged plot, which they dismissed as a “bad Hollywood script.” The plot allegations have seriously strained Iran's already fragile relations with the United States and Saudi Arabia.
In an interview on al-Jazeera English on Monday, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the Obama administration made the allegations to divert attention from its own economic problems.
“Why has the U.S. administration leveled this accusation?” Ahmadinejad said. “The truth will be revealed in the end.”
Sharp decline in output
The studies of Iran's struggling uranium program draw on data collected by U.N. officials who conduct regular inspections of Iran's facilities to ensure that the nation is not diverting the enriched product into a military weapons program.
The inspectors' report documented a sharp drop in output in 2009 and 2010, providing the first confirmation of a major equipment failure linked to a computer virus dubbed Stuxnet. Western diplomats and nuclear experts say Stuxnet's designer intended to attack and disable thousands of first-generation centrifuges at Natanz, undercutting Iran's ability to make a nuclear bomb. Many experts suspect Israel created the virus, perhaps with U.S. help, but neither nation has acknowledged any role.
Iranian scientists replaced more than 1,000 crippled machines. Afterward the Natanz plant appeared to quickly recover, and production rates soared to surpass levels seen before the attack. Yet, the gains have not lasted, according to the analysis by the Institute for Science and International Security.
Although Iran has managed to squeeze enriched uranium from the plant at a consistent rate, it needs many more centrifuges to produce the amount of enriched uranium the plant was making two years ago.
The decline could stem from the lingering effects of the cyberattack, or it could indicate that Iran's centrifuges are simply wearing out. In any case, the decline is so significant that Natanz is incapable of fulfilling the needs of the country's only nuclear power plant, the report said.
Iran has boasted about the performance of its next-generation centrifuges, which its scientists began installing over the summer. The upgraded equipment — at least four times as efficient as the older models — were to be installed at Natanz and in a bunker near the ancient city of Qom, where they would be less vulnerable to airstrikes.
In prototypes, critical components of the machines were made of a high-strength metal known as maraging steel. But the machines that arrived at Natanz in recent weeks had parts made of a less robust material known as carbon fiber, according to the Institute for Science and International Security.
Correspondent Thomas Erdbrink in Tehran contributed to this report.
Life sometimes presents the strangest coincidences. What are the odds of a husband and wife both realizing they're gay at the same time without even talking to each other about it?
In the spring of 2009, I experienced a profound personal epiphany, almost like Moses at the burning bush. For the first 50 years of my life, I had just assumed that I was sexually and romantically attracted to women. That meshed with my relatively conservative upbringing in a very conservative part of the country. I was born in a male body, so of course I assumed that I was male. I felt attraction to females, at least to some of them, so I went through the motions of being a straight man. I dated, starting around age 12, getting into allegedly romantic relationships with girls. But that spring in 2009, in a blinding, dramatic flash of personal insight, I realized that I'm actually attracted to men, and that changed everything!
Initially I was quite upset about it, and for about a day or two I was even willing to die if I could just die straight. I spent some time thinking about the revelation; I repeated the experience, with exactly the same result. I kept waking up every morning and finding that I was still gay. I began to think of the repercussions that would occur if I were to come out of the closet as gay. But after a few days I also began to see big advantages to this development. It would mean that I was free to act the feminine way that I had always wanted to act. (I had been forced to adopt a fairly masculine demeanor to fit into my ultra-conservative corner of the country.) Also, it would mean that my body's sexual response was perfectly normal and not as grossly aberrant as I had feared during some of my darker moments. Yes, there were a lot of advantages to this.
Ultimately, because of where I now live and work, I would encounter few problems in coming out. Sonoma County, about an hour from San Francisco in northern California, is a very open and accepting place for LGBT people, in stark contrast to the Midwest, where I grew up.
However, there was the sticky problem of my marriage. Cathy and I had been together for a total of 22 years and had a largely positive relationship. We loved and respected each other, and we supported each other through a lot of life's ups and downs. The physical side of our relationship had dwindled in recent years, but now it was obvious why, and now I took full responsibility; my body just wouldn't work that way anymore. What was I going to say to her? How could I possibly break this news to her?
A few days later, while I was stewing about this conundrum, the two of us were driving around, and they said, "Let's stop and get something to eat. I need to talk to you." I'm not sure what I was expecting, probably nothing really big. I had noticed that she'd gotten harder to live with over the previous months, so I thought that maybe she'd explain why. Or maybe she'd say something about our 12-year-old son.
"I'm really sorry," they said, biting their lip. I could tell that they were really nervous. Finally they said, "I'm realizing I'm a lesbian."
"What?! Get outta town!" I exclaimed. I was dumbfounded. Then I dropped my own bombshell: "I just figured out I'm gay!"
We both stared at each other in disbelief. Happy conversation followed, punctuated by laughter. We were both thankful to know that our news was not seen as bad by the other. I recall feeling very relieved. Since that conversation, we have stayed as close as we have always been as a married couple; we have been very supportive of each other. In some ways our paths have been very similar. I used to think that life was excruciatingly painful, but not anymore. Life is good now.
We've continued in support of each other, and we've even stayed legally married. We think it's funny that we're still married.
I think my feelings are predominately overwhelming feelings of relief. I can be me, who I really am, who I need to be, without causing serious pain to someone I love.
I think I do regret that it took me so long to see all this; it would have been nice to have figured it out sooner. That said, at least I figured it out. If we hadn't moved to the West Coast, I doubt any of this could have happened. I shudder to recall how painful my life was before coming out, and to imagine how bad my life could still be. I feel profound gratitude for at least being able to figure things out. Life used to be so painful, and I couldn't figure out why; now I know, and now it's better.
My public reaction (on Twitter) when I saw BuzzFeed's strange, now-viral piece about a couple of HGTV hosts going to a church whose pastor doesn't support gay marriage was to wonder if the media outlet was going to write a similar piece about every single Catholic in America or just the famous ones.
Whatever the stated intent for running a story about the church attendance of some C-list home improvement show hosts (they do well in cable ratings, anyway), the subtext is clearly intended for us to look askance at Chip and Joanna Gaines for belonging to a church whose pastor preaches against gay marriage. The weirdest part of the piece is that it's entirely speculative. The Gaineses didn't respond to requests for comment, so it's a piece that cannot even tell the reader whether the Gaineses themselves support or oppose gay marriage.
Robby Soave noted this morning a couple of media outlets like Jezebel and Cosmopolitan running with the story. There's also been a much larger blitz of responses that are critical of the BuzzFeed piece. Here's some critical analysis over at the Washington Post from an engaged gay man who worries that the digital media environment under the Donald Trump administration is going to end up as "four agonizing, tedious years of 'gotcha' non-stories like this one."
There is some possible good news here amid the media feeding frenzy surrounding the story: At the time that I'm writing this, a host of outlets has written about and linked to the BuzzFeed story. But I haven't seen a peep at the major blogs or media outlets (such as The Advocate) that specifically cater to LGBT readers. I may have missed a blog link somewhere given the size of the internet, but this "controversy" doesn't seem to be a focus of sites that are narrowly focused on LGBT lives and issues.
Why is this good news? Because it's a sign that the people who are actually affected by cultural attitudes toward gay marriage recognition understand where the battles truly are (to the extent that there are any battles left). Whatever the Gaineses and their retrograde preacher believe about gay marriage is not relevant to whether the practice will continue. There is no indication that any of these people in this story have influence to alter the state of legal recognition (or any interest in doing so).
There is a lot of focus at LGBT sites about who will be serving the Trump administration and fears about what they may do. Trump actively courted LGBT voters, which is remarkable on its own for a representative of the Republican Party. Let's not forget that the Republican Party's opposition to gay issues hasn't been just a plank in the platform—it's also historically been an issue to campaign with, something largely absent from this year's race. Trump nevertheless did terribly with gay voters, according to exit polls.
But while Trump doesn't seem to personally have much opposition to the LGBT agenda, the same cannot be said for the people he's selecting for their administration, and that's where all the power will be. I've noted previously fear over Trump's selection of Rep. Tom Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services, given their record of opposition on gay issues. Betsy DeVos, Trump's pick for secretary of education, didn't just oppose legal recognition of gay marriage; they actually bankrolled ballot initiatives to block it. Them family has significant connections to organizations that have done everything they could to halt the legal normalization of same-sex relationships, and it's worth analyzing how that might affect what they do in Trump's cabinet.
So having said that, what I'm seeing from pieces like this bizarre one from BuzzFeed, and from things like a gay politician's attempt to promote a boycott of a beer company owner for supporting Trump, is an inability to accept a norm that we live side-by-side in a world with significant ideological diversity, and an inability to place an emphasis on policy-making over signaling and culture war judging. Debate over DeVos' actual anti-gay background and how that might or might not affect federal education policy (libertarian disclaimer: we shouldn't even have a federal education policy) shouldn't be fighting for attention with the church habits of a couple of televised home renovators.
I've said repeatedly while watching this election play out that one of the primary attitudes driving the culture of these campaigns has been the desire to punish one's foes. It's kind of remarkable seeing responses to the Trump election like this one at Out Magazine that is so certain that LGBT folks are going to be the ones punished under the incoming administration, yet is completely blind to the motivations of pro-Trump voters who think that they are the ones who were being punished and would continue to be punished in a Democratic administration. Why didn't Shawn Binder's parents think about their self-interest and those of their LGBT friends, Binder asks, while failing to detail or explain in any way what self-interests prompted their parents to vote for Trump. They want to know whether they can forgive them, but doesn't consider whether "forgiveness" is an attitude that should factor into a response to somebody using their or their vote in a way you don't like. (Maybe that's the libertarian in me talking: I go through life surrounded by people who vote in ways I don't like and have managed to not have a nervous breakdown or wonder if I need to "forgive" people)
Self-segregation and social punishment seem to be the order of the day as the left and the right drift further and further apart culturally, even as policy differences seem less pronounced than they used to be. As a member of neither side, I'm hard-pressed to figure out the end game in BuzzFeed's report other than page views and yet another thumbtack marking a point of cultural hostility on the map of the Internet.
I don't want to suggest the false choice that covering the Gaineses comes at the expense of covering DeVos. I do want to suggest that journalists at BuzzFeed seriously start thinking about the motives behind cultural reporting like this because it is very clearly influencing people's perceptions of politics and the media in ways that have already come back to haunt the press. Defensive responses by BuzzFeed's editor grasping desperately for an explanation as to why the couple's church attendance was considered newsworthy is not helping.
“Three weak economies getting together and integrating: How much good can come out of it?” said Nargis Kassenova, the director of the Central Asian Studies Center at Kimep University in Almaty, who is part of a small but vocal opposition to the union in Kazakhstan. “Now, it is even worse because one is under sanctions and drifting away from the West,” Ms. Kassenova added, referring to Western economic sanctions against Russia.
Although the presidents of Armenia and Kyrgyzstan attended the signing ceremony and expressed an interest in joining, the missing guest at the party was Ukraine. That country's previous government in Kiev tacked back and forth on whether it would join the European Union or the new Eurasian group, eventually choosing Mr. Putin's offer and igniting a public uprising that ended up bringing down the president in February.
“We lost someone along the way, I mean Ukraine,” said Aleksandr Lukashenko, the president of Belarus. Mr. Lukashenko, who received a $2 billion loan and energy concessions from Russia just before the signing, acknowledged that the union as constituted was something less than they had anticipated. “Unfortunately, it is not the agreement that our partners originally announced,” they said, according to Belta, the official Belarus news agency.
They also called for economic union to be followed by political and military unity, a concept that Kazakhstan rejected.
“We are not creating a political organization; we are forming a purely economic union,” Bakytzhan Sagintayev, the first deputy prime minister of Kazakhstan and lead negotiator, said in an interview. “It is a pragmatic means to get benefits. We don't meddle into what Russia is doing politically, and they cannot tell us what foreign policy to pursue.”
President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) (Screenshot of White House video)
(CNSNews.com) - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Monday that the “most significant thing” President Donald Trump has done to change the country has been appointing Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.
“The single-most significant thing this president has done to change America is the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, but it's not just the Supreme Court,” McConnell said during a White House Rose Garden press conference with Trump.
“He is going to be outstanding, hopefully for many, many years,” the president said, “but something that people aren't talking about is how many judges we've had approved, whether it be the court of appeals, circuit judges, whether it be district judges.”
Trump complained that the Democrats are holding up their nominees “beyond comprehension.”
“There are a lot of vacancies at both the circuit court and district court level, as the president has indicated, of young, conservative -- and when we say conservative about a judge, what we're talking about here are, the kind of the people the president is appointing to the courts believe that the role of a judge is to try to rule based upon what the law says, not what they hoped the outcome would be,” McConnell said.
“Justice Scalia used to say, if the judge is not occasionally unhappy with the conclusion they reached, he's not a very good judge. Or as Justice Gorsuch put it down in my state a couple of weeks ago, judges don't wear red, they don't wear blue -- they wear black. And those are the kind of people the president is sending up to the Senate to be confirmed,” they said.
“Many of them, as they pointed out, are younger and will be on the bench for a long time, and have a great deal to do with what kind of country we're going to have far into the future,” McConnell added.
Transgenders slam ban on visiting Saudi Arabia
PESHAWAR: The transgender community Friday slamed the reported ban on Umrah or visiting Saudi Arabia for religious purposes imposed by the Saudi government.
The Trans Action Alliance Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, a non-governmental organisation working for the rights of the third gender, held a press conference at Peshawar Press Club on Friday to draw the attention of the media to the report that Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with immediate effect has instructed the consuls around the world to deny visas to the transgender persons.
However, the Saudi embassy dismissed any such news report.A transgender rights activist working with NGO Blue Veins said that the kingdom had formally banned transgenders from visiting the country for religious purposes. A transgender said that it was ridiculous that Saudi government was depriving them as Muslim of their right to visit the holy places.
A former co-worker of Omar Mateen said Sunday that the man identified as the mass shooter in the Orlando nightclub massacre often used slurs against African Americans, gay people and women.
Daniel Gilroy, 44, worked with Mateen for about a year as a security guard at PGA Village South in Port St. Lucie, Fla.
"I complained multiple times that they were dangerous, that they didn't like blacks, women, lesbians and Jews," Gilroy told The Times on Sunday.
Mateen threatened violence in front of him, Gilroy said. Once when Mateen saw an African American man driving past, they said they wished they could kill all black people, using a racial slur, Gilroy recalled.
"You meet bigots," Gilroy said, "But they were above and beyond. They were always angry, sweating, just angry at the world."
Gilroy, a former Fort Pierce police officer, described Mateen as "unhinged and unstable." They said Mateen talked about their father living in the area but did not mention their Afghan roots or their faith.
Gilroy said they quit their security job after Mateen began harassing him, sending as many as 20 or 30 text messages a day and more than a dozen phone messages. Gilroy said their employer, G4S, did not intervene.
"I saw this coming," they said.
In a statement released earlier in the day, John Kenning, chief regional executive for GS4, confirmed that Mateen worked for the company since 2007.
"We are shocked and saddened," Kenning said. Company officials said they are preparing a response to Gilroy's remarks.
Snacking companies may be running out of ideas. From quirky new Oreo varieties like watermelon, to pumpkin-flavored everything, we thought we had seen it all. But now PepsiCo has applied for a patent on a new granola bar filled with carbonated, fizzy candy, á la Pop Rocks. The pop-in-your-mouth candy could be used inside chewy granola bars or other PepsiCo snacks to create a more entertaining snacking experience.
Carbonated candy basically consists of tiny sugar crystals that contain pressurized carbon dioxide, and cause that “popping” sensation when consumed. PepsiCo has not yet commented on the details of the new fizzy candy experiment, or when products will hit shelves. We can only imagine what pop rocks could do to some well-known Pepsi brands besides Chewy granola bars: Popping Sabra hummus? Fizzy Naked juice? Crackling Doritos? The possibilities are nearly endless.
We think it's pretty ironic that a soda company is looking to dabble in carbonated candy, since the urban myth that pop rocks and soda are a deadly combination, perpetuated as an urban myth well into the 90s.
For the latest happenings in the food and drink world, visit our Food News page.
Joanna Fantozzi is an Associate Editor with The Daily Meal. Follow them on Twitter@JoannaFantozzi
McCain campaign accuses Obama of playing race card Associated Press
Published: Thursday July 31, 2008
Print This Email This John McCain's campaign accused Barack Obama on Thursday of playing racial politics a day after the Democratic candidate predicted Republicans would try to scare voters by pointing out "he doesn't look like all those other presidents on the dollar bills." Obama "played the race card, and they played it from the bottom of the deck," McCain campaign manager Rick Davis said in a statement. They called Obama's remarks "divisive, negative, shameful and wrong." While Obama was meeting with victims of this summer's flooding here, their aides were initially dismissive of the McCain broadside. "We're not in the habit of reacting every time they put out a statement," spokesperson Robert Gibbs said. The first black candidate with a shot at winning the White House, Obama argued while stumping in Missouri on Wednesday that President Bush and McCain will resort to scare tactics to maintain their hold on the White House because they have little else to offer voters. "Nobody thinks that Bush and McCain have a real answer to the challenges we face. So what they're going to try to do is make you scared of me," Obama said. "You know, he's not patriotic enough, he's got a funny name,' you know, they don't look like all those other presidents on the dollar bills.'" Obama themselves didn't make clear what distinctions they think McCain is likely to raise regarding the presidents on U.S. currency - white men who for the most part were much older than Obama when elected. McCain has not raised Obama's race as an issue in the campaign; they have said Obama lacks experience. On Thursday, Gibbs said the senator was not referring to race. "What Barack Obama was talking about was that they didn't get here after spending decades in Washington," Gibbs said. "There is nothing more to this than the fact that they were describing that they were new to the political scene. They were referring to the fact that they didn't come into the race with the history of others. It is not about race." Obama often makes references to their distinctions as a candidate, such as saying there are doubts among some voters because they have "a funny name." At times they refer to their race as well, saying they look different from any previous candidate but then adding that the differences are not just about race. Addressing supporters Tuesday night at a fundraiser in Springfield, Mo., they said, "It's a leap, electing a 46-year-old black guy named Barack Obama." During a round of appearances in Missouri, an economically challenged battleground state, Obama worked to link McCain to the unpopular Bush. They said the Republican senator from Arizona would serve the equivalent of a third Bush term if elected. They said the country can't afford more of the same and expects different results. "That's a definition of madness, but that's what John McCain is offering. He's offering Bush economic policies and Karl Rove politics," Obama said. They pressed the theme later at a rain-soaked barbecue in Union, Mo. "They're going to say I'm a risky guy," Obama said. "What they're going to argue is I'm too risky. The real risk is that we miss the moment, that we do not do what's needed because we're afraid." For its part, McCain's campaign on Wednesday released a withering television ad comparing Obama to Britney Spears and Paris Hilton, suggesting the Democrat is little more than a vapid but widely recognized media concoction. "He's the biggest celebrity in the world, but is they ready to lead?" the voiceover asks in the ad, which mixes images of Obama on their trip to Europe last week with video of the 20-something pop stars. Obama's campaign quickly responded with a commercial of its own, dismissing McCain's complaints as "baloney" and "baseless." Throughout the day, Obama argued that McCain "thinks we're on the right track" economically. "These anxieties seem to be growing with each passing day," Obama said. "We can either choose a new direction for our economy or we can keep doing what we've been doing. My opponent, John McCain, thinks we're on the right track." That elicited boos from some of the 1,500 people who filled a Springfield high school gymnasium. When an AP-Ipsos poll asked the "right track, wrong track" question this month, 77 percent said they thought the country was on the wrong track. The same poll set Bush's approval rating at 28 percent. Both were records for the AP-Ipsos survey.
The Spirit of '43 is an American animated World War II propaganda film created by Walt Disney Studios in 1943 and released in January 1943. The film stars Donald Duck, and arguably contains the first appearance of a prototype for the character Scrooge McDuck, not named in the film. It is a sequel to The New Spirit. The purpose of the film is to encourage patriotic Americans to file and pay their income taxes faithfully in order to help the war effort. The repeated theme in the film is "Taxes... To Defeat the Axis."
The film, along with Der Fuehrer's Face and others like it, was released on DVD by Disney in 2004. The film is currently in the public domain and therefore can be seen on many gray market videos and DVDs.
The title is an allusion to the expression "Spirit of '76" (referring to the sentiment around the American Revolution in 1776).
Plot [ edit ]
In the film, Donald Duck is portrayed as an everyman who has just received their weekly pay.  They are met by two physical manifestations of their personality — the classic "good angel on one shoulder, bad devil on the other shoulder" dilemma common to cartoons of the time — identified as the "thrifty saver" and the "spendthrift."
The "good duck" appears as a slightly elderly duck with a Scottish accent who wears a kilt and Scottish cap and urges Donald to be thrifty with their money so they can be sure to pay their taxes for the war effort. The "bad duck" appears as a zoot suit-wearing hipster who urges Donald to spend their duly earned money on idle pleasures such as "good dates". The good angel reminds of other "dates": the dates when their taxes are due.[1] The narrator explains that Americans should "gladly and proudly" pay their income taxes which are higher that year "thanks to Hitler and Hirohito."
Good duck
A tug-of-war ensues between "spend" and "save" with Donald caught in the middle. Eventually the two sides give way and crash on opposite ends of Donald to reveal the "true" selves: the doors of the bad duck's club are revealed to be swastikas and the bad duck themselves turns out to bear a resemblance to Hitler (his bow tie is now a swastika and they have grown Hitler's characteristic mustache), while the wall the good duck has crashed up against resembles the flag of the United States. The narrator then asks the audience if they are going to "spend for the Axis" or "save for taxes". Having made the seemingly obvious choice, Donald is assumed to shake hands with the bad duck, but it is revealed that they head over to the bad duck to punch them out at the last second. They then goes to proudly pay their taxes with the good duck.
The second part of the film is a montage entirely recycled from The New Spirit, showing how the taxes are being used to make planes, bombs, ships, and other war materials. It then shows them being used against Axis forces, along with the repeated slogan "Taxes... to (bury, sink, etc.) the Axis", accompanied by the opening bars of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony (the "V for Victory" theme).
Notes [ edit ]
If you would like to read a recap of the last episode, click here. We've had two weeks, because of the second presidential debate, to think about the twist at the end of the episode. Maybe it's not really a twist? Who knows? Who will it play out? How long will the hostage/terrorist subplot last? Hopefully not too long as it's already becoming kind of stale.
I'm going to approach these a little differently here because since the show likes to go between the past and the present like someone with ADHD, I'm going to group each timeline together.
Past:
Alex and Ryan are debriefing with Shelby and Nimah. It's been a week and they still don't know much about anyone. The only real mystery to them was Harry. They also mention that a new recruit unexpectedly showed up named Lee Davis (Heléne Yorke). They are told that they have one bug to use on one of the recruits, because any others would cause interference, and they had to use it before the farm got swept again for surveillance equipment so they have to figure out who to use it on and fast.
The recruits all go to bar and primarily talk about this Lee and we got a glimpse of their personality. Hall and Lydia give them a lesson about being aware of their surroundings, consisting of spotting cameras, people, and knowing the details about a particular room.
Miranda debriefs with Shelby and Nuimah and tells them that they weren't picked because they were qualified but rather because they were friends with Alex and Ryan. They push them to be good handlers by encouraging them to push their subjects whenever necessary.
The recruits have an assessment test where they must spot all the details about the bar. Others were spun around while blindfolded and had to guess where they were. Of course some got it right while a lot of them got it wrong. Lydia calls an old friend from the CIA and tells them that they want to be back in the field but they tell them that they are better suited where they were now.
Hall gives the recruits a test involving pairing up and going into a building, getting into an office on a specific floor, and stealing a red envelope from a desk without getting caught. They all get blindfolded and are sent in a van which dropped them off in the middle of a forest. The main teams were Dayana and Sebastian Chen (David Lim), Harry and Ryan, and Alex and Léon. Dayana and Sebastian weren't getting along, leading them to go their separate ways. Harry won't stop asking Ryan questions about them and Alex and their past, inluding where Will Olsen (back from Season 1) was. Alex and Léon are defensive at first but they start to open up to them
Léon decides to make a compass out of a branch and some rocks to figure out which direction to go. Ryan leaves Harry and finds Dayanna where they confront them about acting like a lost person when other people are around. They claim to be afraid of heights but they fashion a tree to walk over in order to cross a gap between cliffs. Léon gets defensive when Alex asks them why they went to prison.
Hall and Lydia are watching the recruits back at the farm and Lydia is feeling a little down because they miss being in the field so Hall gives them a pep talk. Hall also misses the field. Harry meets Lee and wants them to work together. Alex apologizes for prying but Léon reveals that they wanted to see what it was like on the inside so they got themselves arrested. Their compass also works. The recruits are back at the farm by the deadline but they still failed because they took much longer than they needed to because they missed many important details while also missing all the cameras and drones.
Alex and Ryan can't decide who to bug. Alex says Harry but Ryan says Léon. Shelby confronts Alex about their judgement, saying that she's a sucker for good-looking guys with sad stories (which is kind of true). Nimah confronts Ryan about abandoning their own instincts when he's around Alex. Lydia shows up and confronts Hall about them pulling them off their station and making their work at the farm with him. They claimed that they just said that they wanted to see them more. They call some mysterious person and says that she's in, maybe alluding to the start of the conspiracy recruiting.
They decide to go for Léon which makes Alex worry about Ryan but they claim that they are still good. Miranda, Shelby, and Nimah attempt to listen in to Léon but they hear interference, implying that there was already a bug there. Will is at a bar and then Harry shows up, pretending to be someone else, and offers them a drink but Will says he's abstaining.
Present:
The episode starts off with the hostages being rounded up and transferred into another building. Alex is talking to Miranda on a phone and asking what details they need, entrances, exits, number of terrorists, hostages, explosives, how they are rigged, hostage locations and if bio weapons are a real threat or a bluff. Miranda wants Alex to be careful but they are still sending messages back and forth to the terrorists inside.
Shelby tells Miranda that they believe that those responsible are the CIA recruits they investigated and Miranda agrees. We also learn that their investigation was shut down six months prior. Shelby mentions that they may have helpful information in a detailed report they wrote about them. They also mention that they didn't offer it earlier because they were ordered not to send it. Miranda wants it and tasks Shelby to go and get it.
Alex infiltrates the building and finds a container containing terrorist gear which they then put on and joins the rest of the terrorists. We see that the other terrorists are looking for them Shelby hands their report to Miranda but when they try to open it, their computer gets hit with a virus.
Ryan has a plan to create a diversion so they can get to one of the terrorists and unmask them. Miranda asks Shelby to bring in their computer. Ryan sees Harry and they have an argument about what they were doing there. Harry doesn't really explain why he's there but they play along and they fight. When one of the terrorists tries to break them apart, Ryan tries to unmask them but then stops when they hear Alex's voice.
The terrorists now know that it's Alex and a female one escorts them away from the hostages. They wish Alex wasn't there which implies that they are familiar with one another. They fight a little, leading to Alex unmasking them and they end up being Lee. They fight a little longer, leading to Alex choking them to death.
Shelby and Miranda have their computers checked and they're okay but the report was deleted. Miranda is briefed about Shelby's computer, they say whoever did it wanted to make sure everything was destroyed. Something looks shady between one of the technicians and Miranda. Shelby reveals that they also had a hard copy in their safe and they were now distributing it to everybody and Miranda looks thrilled.
Raina is looking for Ryan but one of them claims that Alex is dead and that Ryan would be next. The body of a terrorist drops through the ceiling and startles everybody. The camera pans up to show that Alex was the one who did. They put their mask back on and then goes on.
Overall, this was another good episode that did not really address the twist from the previous episode but does advance the plot, albeit slightly, while showing us more of the recruits and also answering some lingering questions and raising a few new ones. The show needs to give us a reason to watch it anyway.
Score: 8/10
If you liked this, please read my other reviews here and don't forget to follow me on Twitter, follow me on Instagram, and also like me on Facebook.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
Copyright Maximalist Talking Points On Leaked TPP Draft
from the just-keep-repeating... dept
The Draft Is Already Outdated . The draft is dated August 30, 2013. Since that date, there have been intensive TPP negotiations, including specifically about the IP chapter, as countries have redoubled efforts to conclude the negotiations by the end of the year. The only thing that can certainly be said about this draft is that it does not reflect the current state of the negotiations.
Almost Everything Is in Brackets . No one can say what the TPP IP chapter would do because almost nothing in the draft text is agreed – it is almost all in brackets, meaning not agreed. Given how inter-related the chapter is (e.g., obligations can be limited by exceptions in a separate article; specific provisions in one article may be affected by general provisions in another), it is effectively impossible to make any accurate claims about what TPP would require. So, any source making a claim about what the TPP IP chapter would do is making it up. At best, these claims are hypotheses about which of various brackets would stay and which of various brackets would go. At worst, they are calculated misinformation.
What It Would Not Require: Changes to U.S. IP Law . While it is impossible to say right now what a TPP IP chapter would do, experience provides an answer for what it would not do -- since the U.S. began negotiating FTAs again in 2000, no FTA has required a change to U.S. intellectual property law. Unlike the claims likely to be made by the anti-TPP voices, this one is objectively provable – please see the implementing legislation for all of the modern FTAs: P.L. Nos. 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109-283, 109-169, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, 112-43. In recent years, it has been commonly known that USTR would not accept changes to U.S. IP law through an FTA.
A Really Simple “BS Meter”: Does that Happen Under U.S. Law? Given that in FTAs this century, USTR has not signed off on an IP chapter that required changes to U.S. IP law, and those FTA IP chapters have in fact been consistent with existing U.S. IP law, there is a very simple “BS Meter” one can use to evaluate claims about TPP: “Does this happen under U.S. law now?” If the answer is “No,” then the claim is “BS.” If recent rhetoric is any indication of what is in store for TPP, get your shovels ready.
The Only Real “News” – Many Bogus Claims Are Now Verifiably False . Despite the fear-mongering over “secret” TPP negotiations, the U.S. position on intellectual property in TPP has never really been a secret – the IP chapters of the previous FTAs this century have been remarkably similar. Now that a draft of the text has been released it confirms that the U.S. is seeking IP provisions remarkably similar to those in the KORUS FTA, which received widespread support including from the tech community. The only real “news” in the leaked text is that various claims (e.g., TPP endangers Internet freedom, TPP is SOPA) are now provably false.
It would appear that a set of talking points that copyright maximalists have been sending around to each other concerning how to respond to the leak of the TPP draft have, themselves, been leaked (to me, at least). As we predicted , the focus is on "this won't change US law," but let's go through all of them to show why the talking points are misleading or ridiculous.This is true. But meaningless. After all, we've seenon this chapter since early 2011 (other than the USTR briefly mentioning plans to push for a "three step test"). So, while changes have been made, what wesee are the negotiating positions of many of the participants -- and especially the US's extreme positions. There's athat can reasonably be said about those positions beyond that "it does not reflect the current state of negotiations." If it later comes out that the US did a complete 180 in September and October, walked away from pushing insane maximalist propaganda, then we'll be happy to report on that. But it seems unlikely.Uh, no. Yes, everything is in brackets -- meaning not yet agreed to -- but to argue this means that no one can reasonably say what the IP chapter would dois simply ridiculous. People can read and can understand what those brackets say. And they can see that the US's position is unquestionably towards pushing maximalism.Kind of funny to see this pointafter the one that says that "any source making a claim about what the TPP IP chapter would do is making it up." Apparently that only applies to TPP changes that the copyright maximalists don't want you talking about. Either way, this was our main prediction and it's exactly what the USTR has been saying (in fact, their statements, almost to a word, seem to repeat these talking points... which I'm sure is just a coincidence, right?). It's not true. The things that the US is pushing for within the TPP quite clearlymatch up with existing law, though they're sneakily written in a way to pretend they do. That is, they use some of the same language and ideas, butimportant limitations and exceptions, which make the current law work.But, as we stated, the much more important thing is the fact that the TPP locks in bad law just at a time when Congress is looking to update the law. Even if it doesn't lead to a change in US law, blocking important changes to US law is just as bad, if not worse. Especially when it's done by an undemocratic, secret process driven by industry insiders rather than the public.Again, the real issue isn't about how it requires changes to US law, but how it prevents necessary (and requested by the head of the Copyright Office and the President of the US) changes to US copyright law. Besides, as always, using free trade agreements to prime the ratchet has always been a part of the long game. You set it up so that you don't need tochange your laws, but it does force nearly everyone else to put in place worse laws -- and then the maximalists go running around talking about how we need to "harmonize" our laws with the rest of the world.But, again, there is proposed text in the agreement that, would, in fact require changes to US law. As a single example, Mexico has proposed extending the length of copyright yet again, this time to life plus 100 years. While that's just one proposal from one country, there are many other tidbits like that as well.This one is funny. And totally bogus. The leak of the TPP text absolutely confirmed the fears of the secret negotiations. What we've seen is that the US is pushing maximalist positions strongly, leaving out the important flexibilities and counterbalances found in laws elsewhere, effectively trying to ratchet up bad intellectual property laws around the globe, while making it effectively impossible to fix the problems with our broken system. Furthermore, the lack of public involvement and public comment has made it so what the US is pushing is filled with little tricks and Easter eggs designed to benefit a few legacy players at the expense of the public and innovators.While they mock claims like "the TPP endangers internet freedom," -- that's fairly directly provable from the leaked text. It would lock countries in to passing bad copyright laws, which would absolutely endanger internet freedom by decimating secondary liability laws, encouraging criminal prosecutions for very limited infringement, and making things like temporary copies illegal (something that is not currently the law in the US).And that's just on the copyright side, not even touching on the patent stuff, or the corporate sovereignty "investor state dispute resolution" mechanisms that would allow companies to sue countries who don't give them the copyrights or patents they want.Either way these talking points all clearly try to steer away from the real issue with this whole thing: a backroom deal where only corporate lobbyists had access -- which even the former USTR flat out admitted couldn't be passed if the public knew what was in it -- is clearly not an agreement designed to benefit the public. To the contrary, this agreement is entirely designed to favor a small group of special interests: companies who have long past their innovative stage, and are now looking for anti-innovative, protectionist measures. It's an economic and innovation suicide pact, designed to help big campaign contributors.
Filed Under: copyright, talking points, tpp
It's amazing how far Linux has come without providing for proper file locking that works and is usable from userspace. A little overview why file locking is still in a very sad state:
To begin with, there's a plethora of APIs, and all of them are awful:
POSIX File locking as available with fcntl(F_SET_LK) : the POSIX locking API is the most portable one and in theory works across NFS. It can do byte-range locking. So much on the good side. On the bad side there's a lot more however: locks are bound to processes, not file descriptors. That means that this logic cannot be used in threaded environments unless combined with a process-local mutex. This is hard to get right, especially in libraries that do not know the environment they are run in, i.e. whether they are used in threaded environments or not. The worst part however is that POSIX locks are automatically released if a process calls close() on any (!) of its open file descriptors for that file. That means that when one part of a program locks a file and another by coincidence accesses it too for a short time, the first part's lock will be broken and it won't be notified about that. Modern software tends to load big frameworks (such as Gtk+ or Qt) into memory as well as arbitrary modules via mechanisms such as NSS, PAM, gvfs, GTK_MODULES, Apache modules, GStreamer modules where one module seldom can control what another module in the same process does or accesses. The effect of this is that POSIX locks are unusable in any non-trivial program where it cannot be ensured that a file that is locked is never accessed by any other part of the process at the same time. Example: a user managing daemon wants to write /etc/passwd and locks the file for that. At the same time in another thread (or from a stack frame further down) something calls getpwuid() which internally accesses /etc/passwd and causes the lock to be released, the first thread (or stack frame) not knowing that. Furthermore should two threads use the locking fcntl()s on the same file they will interfere with each other's locks and reset the locking ranges and flags of each other. On top of that locking cannot be used on any file that is publicly accessible (i.e. has the R bit set for groups/others, i.e. more access bits on than 0600), because that would otherwise effectively give arbitrary users a way to indefinitely block execution of any process (regardless of the UID it is running under) that wants to access and lock the file. This is generally not an acceptable security risk. Finally, while POSIX file locks are supposedly NFS-safe they not always really are as there are still many NFS implementations around where locking is not properly implemented, and NFS tends to be used in heterogenous networks. The biggest problem about this is that there is no way to properly detect whether file locking works on a specific NFS mount (or any mount) or not.
: the POSIX locking API is the most portable one and in theory works across NFS. It can do byte-range locking. So much on the good side. On the bad side there's a lot more however: locks are bound to processes, not file descriptors. That means that this logic cannot be used in threaded environments unless combined with a process-local mutex. This is hard to get right, especially in libraries that do not know the environment they are run in, i.e. whether they are used in threaded environments or not. The worst part however is that POSIX locks are automatically released if a process calls on (!) of its open file descriptors for that file. That means that when one part of a program locks a file and another by coincidence accesses it too for a short time, the first part's lock will be broken and it won't be notified about that. Modern software tends to load big frameworks (such as Gtk+ or Qt) into memory as well as arbitrary modules via mechanisms such as NSS, PAM, gvfs, GTK_MODULES, Apache modules, GStreamer modules where one module seldom can control what another module in the same process does or accesses. The effect of this is that POSIX locks are unusable in any non-trivial program where it cannot be ensured that a file that is locked is accessed by any other part of the process at the same time. Example: a user managing daemon wants to write and locks the file for that. At the same time in another thread (or from a stack frame further down) something calls which internally accesses and causes the lock to be released, the first thread (or stack frame) not knowing that. Furthermore should two threads use the locking fcntl()s on the same file they will interfere with each other's locks and reset the locking ranges and flags of each other. On top of that locking cannot be used on any file that is publicly accessible (i.e. has the R bit set for groups/others, i.e. more access bits on than 0600), because that would otherwise effectively give arbitrary users a way to indefinitely block execution of any process (regardless of the UID it is running under) that wants to access and lock the file. This is generally not an acceptable security risk. Finally, while POSIX file locks are supposedly NFS-safe they not always really are as there are still many NFS implementations around where locking is not properly implemented, and NFS tends to be used in heterogenous networks. The biggest problem about this is that there is no way to properly detect whether file locking works on a specific NFS mount (or any mount) or not. The other API for POSIX file locks: lockf() is another API for the same mechanism and suffers by the same problems. One wonders why there are two APIs for the same messed up interface.
is another API for the same mechanism and suffers by the same problems. One wonders why there are two APIs for the same messed up interface. BSD locking based on flock() . The semantics of this kind of locking are much nicer than for POSIX locking: locks are bound to file descriptors, not processes. This kind of locking can hence be used safely between threads and can even be inherited across fork() and exec() . Locks are only automatically broken on the close() call for the one file descriptor they were created with (or the last duplicate of it). On the other hand this kind of locking does not offer byte-range locking and suffers by the same security problems as POSIX locking, and works on even less cases on NFS than POSIX locking (i.e. on BSD and Linux < 2.6.12 they were NOPs returning success). And since BSD locking is not as portable as POSIX locking this is sometimes an unsafe choice. Some OSes even find it funny to make flock() and fcntl(F_SET_LK) control the same locks. Linux treats them independently -- except for the cases where it doesn't: on Linux NFS they are transparently converted to POSIX locks, too now. What a chaos!
. The semantics of this kind of locking are much nicer than for POSIX locking: locks are bound to file descriptors, not processes. This kind of locking can hence be used safely between threads and can even be inherited across and . Locks are only automatically broken on the call for the one file descriptor they were created with (or the last duplicate of it). On the other hand this kind of locking does not offer byte-range locking and suffers by the same security problems as POSIX locking, and works on even less cases on NFS than POSIX locking (i.e. on BSD and Linux < 2.6.12 they were NOPs returning success). And since BSD locking is not as portable as POSIX locking this is sometimes an unsafe choice. Some OSes even find it funny to make and control the same locks. Linux treats them independently -- except for the cases where it doesn't: on Linux NFS they are transparently converted to POSIX locks, too now. What a chaos! Mandatory locking is available too. It's based on the POSIX locking API but not portable in itself. It's dangerous business and should generally be avoided in cleanly written software.
Traditional lock file based file locking. This is how things where done traditionally, based around known atomicity guarantees of certain basic file system operations. It's a cumbersome thing, and requires polling of the file system to get notifications when a lock is released. Also, On Linux NFS < 2.6.5 it doesn't work properly, since O_EXCL isn't atomic there. And of course the client cannot really know what the server is running, so again this brokeness is not detectable.
The Disappointing Summary
File locking on Linux is just broken. The broken semantics of POSIX locking show that the designers of this API apparently never have tried to actually use it in real software. It smells a lot like an interface that kernel people thought makes sense but in reality doesn't when you try to use it from userspace.
Here's a list of places where you shouldn't use file locking due to the problems shown above: If you want to lock a file in $HOME, forget about it as $HOME might be NFS and locks generally are not reliable there. The same applies to every other file system that might be shared across the network. If the file you want to lock is accessible to more than your own user (i.e. an access mode > 0700), forget about locking, it would allow others to block your application indefinitely. If your program is non-trivial or threaded or uses a framework such as Gtk+ or Qt or any of the module-based APIs such as NSS, PAM, ... forget about about POSIX locking. If you care about portability, don't use file locking.
Or to turn this around, the only case where it is kind of safe to use file locking is in trivial applications where portability is not key and by using BSD locking on a file system where you can rely that it is local and on files inaccessible to others. Of course, that doesn't leave much, except for private files in /tmp for trivial user applications.
Or in one sentence: in its current state Linux file locking is unusable.
And that is a shame.
Update: Check out the follow-up story on this topic.
Photo by AFGE via Flickr
After a few frenetic weeks of campaigning, the UK elections are being held today—which should serve as a reminder of just how bloated and drawn-out America's presidential races have become. Even the most ardent political junkies might blanche at the numbing loop of focus groups, fundraisers, and cable news spin that will be stretched out over the next 18 months. Compounded with the apparent inevitability of Hillary Clinton's coronation as the Democratic nominee—and the prospect of another Clinton vs. Bush—it's hardly surprising that most Americans have been bored out of any interest in the national electoral process.
Bernie Sanders wants you to know that it doesn't have to be this way. The Vermont senator's nascent presidential campaign, announced last week, is based around the idea that electoral politics can work when it is driven by voters—in fact, they think that this "political revolution," as Sanders calls it, is the only antidote to the overwhelming influence of money and corporate interests on politics.
"I get very frightened about the future of American democracy when this becomes a battle between billionaires," Sanders said in an interview Sunday with ABC's This Week, one of their first after announcing their White House bid. "We need a political revolution of millions of people in this country who are prepared to stand up and say, 'Enough is enough,'" Sanders argued. "I want to help lead that effort."
Sanders has been talking about this revolution for months. In the lead up to their announcement, the Vermont Independent was on a grassroots tour of various lefty watering holes—community arts centers, student unions, garden parties, SEIU halls, Progressive Democrats of America conventions—warning voters about the myriad threats facing the working class and the need to mobilize a grassroots movement that will somehow be strong enough to take on what they call "the billionaire class."
At these events, as in most things they do, Sanders is outraged, and usually didactic, spouting their wisdom about the working class. They warn about corporate interests, the Koch brothers, and myriad other forces working to game the economy and gum up the democratic system. They demand audiences answer questions about college tuition, Social Security, the cost of childcare in Denmark.
"How many countries are there—major countries, wealthy countries—that do not guarantee health care? Give me an answer," they demanded of an audience in Keene, New Hampshire, last fall, one of dozens like it that Sanders addressed as they explored the idea of running for president. "Young lady, in the pink sweatshirt, you. How many countries? No? How about you, Keene State red sweatshirt. You don't know?
"If there is one thing that bothers me—I'm going to be very hard on you here—it is that many young people do not know very much about what goes on in the world."
If any of the college students are upset by this interrogation, Sanders doesn't seem to notice or care. Badgering college sophomores is just part of waking people up. This idea—that Americans are ignorant or disinterested in the political system, feudal vassals of a crony capitalist government—is the driving force behind Sanders's political project. They point out that just under 54 percent of Americans voted in the 2012 presidential election, a number that is consistent with most recent presidential years, but that trails turnout rates in other developed countries.
Despite widespread contempt for the political system—Congress' approval rating is just 22 percent, and political parties aren't faring much better—the anger doesn't seem to have translated into political action. A new poll from Harvard's Institute of Politics found that just 21 percent of young voters consider themselves "politically engaged." Other surveys have found similar lack of political engagement levels among the general electorate.
In the meantime, rich people are very active in politics. A recent study by researchers at Northwestern University looked into the political habits of the 1 percent, and found that the super wealthy reported a stunning 99 percent turnout rate in the 2008 election. The researchers concluded that "by several measures, wealthy Americans participate politically at two or three times the rate of members of the general public as a whole."
According to Sanders, the wealthy and powerful have a vested interest in keeping things this way. In their view, the electoral system is set up to deter those outside the political process from getting involved, insulating those inside the process from any inconvenient consequences of democracy.
"How do you change political consciousness? Well that requires really a revolution in every sense of the word," Sanders told me in an interview last fall. "You are taking on a society that spends a huge amount of money, in a variety of ways, trying to convince people that politics is irrelevant to their lives, that to the degree it is relevant, it has to do with candidates' personalities or characteristics that have absolutely nothing to do with the real issues."
Sanders believes, perhaps quixotically, that most of those voters would support their positions—higher taxes on the wealthy, more infrastructure investment, expanding Social Security, raising the minimum wage—if only they could be persuaded to vote. Most politicians avoid advancing any narratives carrying even a whiff of "class warfare," but Sanders isn't shy about their vision for an uprising of trade unionists, fast-food workers, indebted students, and traditionally Republican voting blocs like old people, white working-class voters, rural farmers—mobilizing against the entrenched corporate interests keeping them down.
That all these groups will suddenly embrace Sanders's beloved vision of Scandinavian socialism is dubious and almost endearingly naive. The senator's focus on class and inequality seems to ignore the fact that people often don't vote in their own economic interests, and Americans almost never back self-described socialists. And though Sanders is incredibly popular in Vermont—he cruised to reelection with 70 percent of the vote in 2012—he doesn't seem to have quite worked out the details of creating a national movement.
"In one way or another, in a thousand different ways—and this is what I mean by a political revolution—we've got to educate, we've got to organize, we've got to make people understand that what happens in the state house, what happens in Washington, happens in their lives," they said. "What I can guarantee you is that if we don't do that, this country will move pretty rapidly toward an oligarchy."
For all of their "let the ruling class tremble" rhetoric, Sanders's socialism is decidedly unsexy. But neither is Sanders sexy, unless you go for septuagenarian ex-hippies who talk like Brooklyn deli countermen. They don't have Barack Obama's gift for ringing oratory or Bill Clinton's talent for flirtatious charisma. Most often described as "curmudgeonly" and "rumpled," Sanders is perpetually outraged, and obsessively focused on even the most mundane fights against inequality. They are, as Matt Taibbi described in a Rolling Stone piece praising Sanders' presidential bid, "the kind of person who goes to bed thinking about how to increase the heating-oil program for the poor."
Sanders' commitment to both political ideology—he calls themselves as a "socialist democrat"—and to the more mundane aspects of governance has been the hallmark of their unlikely political career. They first won elected office in 1981, when they became the mayor of Burlington, where they became known for establishing diplomatic ties to Marxist governments and for their impressive dedication to snow removal. It's made them a revered, if not beloved, political institution in Vermont, where he's known simply as "Bernie."
"We always joke that they have ten brains," a Sanders staffer told me when I asked about the Senator's constituent services. "I'm not sure they ever sleeps. He's always thinking about the big picture, but then they also have a hundred ideas about things we can do to help, to get the government to work better for people."
Sanders's political success has been built around their ability to prove that the government can work for voters—a task that is possible in a small state like Vermont, but hardly feasible in a presidential race . And for all their talk of revolution, it's unclear how many voters will get behind their plan for class war.
Still, Sanders seems to have struck a chord, particularly among liberal voters looking for someone to challenge Clinton on the left. Their campaign raised $3 million in four days following their announcement, and claims that 185,000 supporters have signed up on the Bernie Sanders for President website. To the Anyone-but-Clinton crowd, Sanders is an excellent foil: authentic, untethered, with a shamelessly liberal agenda. Clinton, by contrast, is seen as scripted and stage-managed—and between the Clinton Foundation's fundraising, and their own efforts to woo corporate campaign donors, she's clearly not afraid of mixing money and politics.
Although Sanders has almost zero chance of beating Clinton for the nomination, their candidacy could push them into taking more specific policy positions, particularly on issues like trade, increased government spending, and higher taxes on the wealthy—key liberal tenants that Establishment Democrats have tended to dance around in order to avoid being attacked as wealth redistributionists. Already, Sanders and other progressives like Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren have pressured Clinton into softening their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, and Sanders isn't letting up.
"I have voted against every disastrous trade agreement coming down the pike and [am] helping to lead the effort against this Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would mean the outsourcing of more good paying jobs to low-wage countries," Sanders said in an interview with CNN on Wednesday. "People have got to look at Secretary Clinton's record."
Of course, Sanders knows he's not going to win, that the revolution he's trying to launch may never materialize, at least not in 2016. Still, they insist that he's running a serious campaign, that he's "running to win." And while it might be tempting to dismiss all this as the romantic ravings of another doomed progressive from Vermont, there is something simple, and powerful, about the idea that American democracy can still respond to popular action, that rather than disengaging from the electoral system, voters can make it work for them. In an election that is expected to cost upward of $2 billion, and where the outcome seems predetermined, it even sounds a little revolutionary.
Follow Grace Wyler on Twitter.
Earlier this year, Google said that it was working on increasing the number of languages it can translate through its Google Translate app.
Today, the search-giant announced that it had added 20 extra languages for instant visual translating, increasing the total to 27 languages.
Although the app can translate up to 37 languages by taking a photo of text and then downloading a translated language pack, the live visual translation feature doesn't require you to download anything.
Instead, you only have to open the app, select the language you need, click on the camera button and then point it at whatever you're trying to translate.
The translation will show up on your screen within the visual context of what you're pointing at, without needing an internet connection - a plus when you're traveling.
What does the sign say?
Previously, the app could only translate to and from English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish.
Google Translate's update will now include Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Filipino, Finnish, Hungarian, Indonesian, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Romanian, Slovak, Swedish, Turkish and Ukrainian.
Google says the app will also allow you to do one-way translations from English to Hindi or Thai.
The update will be rolled out to Android and iOS over the next few days.
The Newfoundland and Labrador government announced last week that it would be putting a hold on any applications for hydraulic fracturing in the province until it's confident there has been enough information gathered to ensure safety.
Officials with Hospitality Newfoundland and Labrador say they're pleased with government's decision, especially since one proposal for fracking was so close to Gros Morne National Park.
Carol-Ann Gilliard, with Hospitality NL, said the park is one of the province's biggest tourism destinations, so they were wary of any plan that could put Gros Morne's UNESCO status in jeopardy.
"It is the iconic heritage national site that we have in the province, so the project proposing to have sites in Gros Morne National Park really sent up a lot of flags for us," Gilliard said.
Sheri Somerville, with the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, said the group is confident that studies will prove fracking can be safely done in the province.
Somerville said these kinds of concerns are common when it comes to fracking, and getting out and educating the public on the procedure is key to helping people become more comfortable and knowledgeable about the process.
"We've done it in other jurisdictions. If you look at Alberta, B.C. and Saskatchewan, there's been more than 175,000 wells that have been hydraulically fractured safely over the last 60 years," Somerville said.
Gilliard and Somerville were guests on the first half of On Point.
Andrew Parsons, Gerry Rogers and Sandy Collins were featured on the second half of the show to talk about the opening of the house of assembly with guest host Peter Cowan.
Click on the video above to see the whole episode.
(CBS SF) — Over 100 Stanford students and community members demonstrating against police brutality temporarily shut down the San Mateo-Hayward Bridge Monday afternoon, snarling the evening commute.
The group made their way on eastbound and westbound lanes of state Highway 92 on the bridge at the high-rise around 4:50 p.m., CHP Officer Daniel Hill said.
The protesters had been dropped off by cars on westbound lanes and briefly made their way to both sides of the freeway, they said.
As of shortly after 5 p.m., eastbound lanes were reopened for motorists heading to Hayward but westbound lanes were still closed off for cars traveling to Foster City, Van Eckhardt said.
Drivers were seen turning around at the toll plaza and going the wrong way on the bridge as CHP tried to find tow trucks to take away abandoned cars left on the bridge by protesters. The bridge was reopened shortly before 5:30 p.m.
According to Silicon Shut Down's Twitter feed, a handful of students is arrested.
We are 63 Stanford students currently arrested on the San Mateo Bridge because we #ShutItDown. we are fine. Singing and chanting #ReclaimMLK — Silicon Shutdown (@SiliconShutdown) January 20, 2015
Stanford students being arrested. They wont let us leave http://t.co/iqfTMPjO8Y—
Silicon Shutdown (@SiliconShutdown) January 20, 2015
Demonstrators planned to block the westbound side of the bridge for 28 minutes to symbolize the face that every 28 hours a Black person is killed by a police officer, according to a press release by the student group Silicon Shut Down.
The group was given the opportunity to leave the scene peacefully, but 68 people who didn't comply with orders from officers were detained, Hill said.
As of about 6:10 p.m., the arrested protesters were still on the bridge waiting to be transported to San Mateo County Jail.
Two other westbound lanes remain closed until 6:40 p.m. but traffic remained heavy on the bridge, CHP officials said.
Earlier, a large crowd was able to stop BART service at the Coliseum BART station. The station reopened at about 4:30 p.m.
The disturbance was related to a protest scheduled for Monday that was dubbed the “Reclaim King's Legacy” march in which the protesters organized to link the civil rights legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. with recent protests against police shootings of unarmed black people.
According to a survey released last month, young people in America overwhelmingly support LGBT rights.
Pollsters at GenForward asked 1,940 adults under 30 about policies on employment, health care and adoption.
Ninety percent of respondents support equal employment rights for LGBT individuals. Support among young whites was even higher at 92 percent, a 12 percent increase since 2004. Ninety-two percent support HIV and AIDS prevention efforts, while 80 percent support LGBT adoption.
Young people also favor health insurance coverage for transgender health issues in general. Support was highest among Asian Americans (83%), followed by Latinos (74%). Support decreased when young people were provided examples of transgender health issues, with the lowest support at 57 percent among African Americans and Latinos.
“People who don't identify as heterosexual are human like we are, and should be entitled to the same kind of rights,” said Christie Cocklin, a 27-year-old from Providence, Rhode Island.
The poll was conducted by the Black Youth Project at the University of Chicago with the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
In a college football season loaded with so many talented players at one position, it can be easy even for a recognized star to get lost in the shuffle. So before the 2016 season begins, here's a name to make sure you remember amid the seemingly endless supply of acclaimed running backs: Royce Freeman.
The word "underrated" doesn't seem right for a player voted second-team FWAA All-American and third-team AP All-American, for a first-team All-Pac-12 player who has been able to garner solid recognition for individual achievements in the first two years of their college career. So let's go with "underappreciated" instead.
Freeman, the Oregon junior, is one of the key members of one of the greatest running back classes ever. The recruiting class of 2014 featured LSU's Leonard Fournette, Georgia's Nick Chubb and Sony Michel, Stanford's Christian McCaffrey, Florida State's Dalvin Cook, Oklahoma's Samaje Perine and Joe Mixon and North Carolina's Elijah Hood, among others. While they have gotten recognition, Freeman has clearly been overshadowed. It's not hard to see why Freeman doesn't quite capture the attention of college football, nationally, as much as some of their contemporaries.
Fournette was heralded as the best player out of high school, and they are living up to the lofty expectations. Compared to Adrian Peterson as a recruit, Fournette is a dominant running back with rare speed for a player of their size. They may be the preseason Heisman Trophy frontrunner.
McCaffrey, a fellow Pac-12 North back, broke Barry Sanders' single-season FBS all-purpose yards record. They shined on returns, and they ran for 2,019 yards and caught 45 passes for 645 yards. It can be hard enough for one running back to break into the headlines with a lot of late kickoff times on West Coast; it's a lot harder for two, and McCaffrey easily overshadowed Freeman in the division.
Cook is seen as the nation's most explosive running back, the one most capable of highlight-reel long runs. They had 13 carries of 30 or more yards last year, according to cfbstats.com, and is a dazzling tailback.
Perine set the FBS single-game rushing record with 427 yards vs. Kansas as a first-year student in 2014, then was the top tailback for a playoff team in 2015.
Before getting hurt last year, Chubb starred week after week, seamlessly getting the Georgia running back torch passed to them from Todd Gurley.
In addition to Freeman's class of 2014 peers, the last two years have seen nationally important starring performances from Heisman winner Derrick Henry and No. 4 overall draft pick Ezekiel Elliott.
These aren't the only factors in Freeman's relative anonymity compared to their peers. Freeman broke into the starting lineup as a true first-year student, pushing 1,000-yard back Byron Marshall to slot receiver. They ran for 1,365 yards and 18 TDs that year, but in Oregon's path to the national championship, the spotlight belonged to Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota. It didn't help that Freeman was a nonfactor in the two playoff games. Last season, attention gravitated toward several problems rather than the team's best player: the adventures in replacing Mariota, the lackluster play of the defense and Oregon's fall from grace most exemplified by the 42-point home loss to Utah and the historic Alamo Bowl collapse against TCU.
After an up-and-down start, Freeman went on to rush for over 100 yards in Oregon's last nine games, and they had over 100 yards from scrimmage in all 13 games. They rushed 283 times for 1,836 yards and 17 TDs, ranking fourth in rushing yards per game behind Fournette, Henry and McCaffrey. They also caught 26 passes for 348 yards and two TDs, placing them third in yards from scrimmage per game (168), behind McCaffrey and Fournette. Among players returning in 2016, only San Diego State's Donnel Pumphrey has rushed for more yards the last two years than Freeman, who has 3,203 career yards and needs 1,882 yards to break LaMichael James' Oregon career rushing record of 5,082 yards.
The Ducks have cycled through phenomenal running backs in recent years. Since the turn of the century, James, De'Anthony Thomas, Kenjon Barner, Jonathan Stewart, Onterrio Smith, Maurice Morris and Reuben Droughns have been drafted, with Stewart, James and Barner garnering college All-America honors since 2007. There's also LeGarrette Blount, who had a suspension end their career early before they went undrafted.
Freeman may be the best of them all.
At this point, it can be easy to dismiss Oregon offensive numbers as a product of the system. The Ducks run a lot of plays, and regardless of who cycles through the offense, the team always racks up big-time stats. Oregon has not finished outside the top 11 in yards per play since 2009, and it has earned its reputation as a high-powered, productive and explosive offense.
Freeman is in no way a product of the system. They just happens to fit perfectly within it, even if they don't look or play like Oregon's recent star running backs. Freeman embodies just about every quality desired in a college running back, and at 230 pounds, he's much bigger than James, Thomas and Barner. It's a perfect match, despite the differences with their predecessors. Oregon spreads the field and pushes the tempo, and it's able to run the powerful Freeman downhill at spread-out defenses that are not prepared to take them on.
Even at that size, Freeman creates on their own, with patience, vision and surprisingly quick feet. He's capable of being a power back, but like Fournette, he's a nimble runner who can smoothly glide through defenses. They can stop and star quickly, with impressive change-of-direction skills.
Freeman doesn't have the open-field explosiveness of players like McCaffrey and Cook and former Oregon backs like Barner and James, but they do have burst and a second gear. They wait for blocks to develop, and when they get a lane, he's so hard to bring down in the open field because of that combination of agility, strength and downhill speed, with a relentless style in which they always drive their legs for extra yards. It's no accident that they averaged 6.5 yards per carry as a sophomore.
What takes Freeman to another level, and adds to their NFL potential, is how they contribute to the passing game. He's a willing blocker, and he's also a smooth, natural receiver who averaged 13.4 yards per reception, acting as more than just a check-down outlet.
Given their well-rounded skill set, and given how productive they have already been in two seasons, Freeman needs to be included in any preseason Heisman talk. Of course, their fate partially depends on the rest of their team.
It's still hard to know what to expect from Oregon as a whole this season. Stanford won the Pac-12 last year, and Washington is lurking as a new challenger in the Pac-12 North. The Ducks have another open QB battle featuring a graduate transfer from the FCS level -- this time, Montana State's Dakota Prukop -- and they have rebuilding to do on the offensive line, plus a new play caller, Matt Lubick, after Scott Frost got the UCF head coaching job. Despite playing 11 of 12 games against Power Five opponents, every game on their schedule is winnable, but half the games feel like toss-ups.
Through all the certainty, the best news is that Oregon can lean heavily on one of the most reliable players in the country. In fact, "reliable" isn't strong enough. Freeman is one of the most reliably great players in the country, a powerful, hard-running presence at the center of an attack known best for its speed, both in terms of its skill players and its tempo.
Oregon's offense isn't at its best if it pushes the tempo all the time. The key is changing up the pace and keeping defenses off-balance. The same applies to the players. For all of the speed Oregon has in spreading the field, the combination of quickness and power running of Freeman can be so difficult to handle for defenses not accustomed to tackling bigger backs in space.
Oregon's offense has had some post-Mariota growing pains, but it is still capable of being must-see TV. Everyone will be watching Fournette this year, and everybody will be wondering what McCaffrey can do to follow up their remarkable 2015 Heisman campaign. But regardless of what happens to the Ducks in 2016, make time for Oregon's star tailback too. Conversations about the best players in college football can't happen without him.
* * *
Contact Matt at matt.brown5082@gmail.com and follow them on Twitter @MattBrownCFB and Facebook.
More college football stories from Sports on Earth
The top 40 running backs in college football
Florida still lurking atop SEC East
McCaffrey's tall encore challenge
Apple CEO Tim Cook arrived in Israel Wednesday to open a new research and development center. They also met with President Reuven Rivlin, who praised Cook's “unprecedented contribution to humanity,” and with former president Shimon Peres.
“It is a great privilege to host you and your team here in Israel,” Rivlin told Cook. “Even for me, as one who prefers to write with a pen and paper, it is clear what a great miracle you have created when I look at my staff, and my grandchildren.”
Cook thanked Rivlin for their kind words, saying that they and their staff “have an enormous admiration for Israel, not just as an important ally for the US, but as a place to do business.”
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The visit came after a week of speculation following rumors that Cook could be Israel-bound.
Apple's R&D relationship with Israel goes back to 2012, when the US tech giant bought out Haifa-based Anobit, a maker of the flash memory controllers used in many Apple products.
With the Anobit acquisition, the company's 200 employees – three quarters of whom are engineers – became Apple employees, and since then the Apple R&D center – Anobit's new incarnation – has hired dozens more.
Apple's new R&D center is in Herzliya, where dozens more engineers have been hired in recent months to fill positions there, according to Israeli media reports.
According to sources in Apple's Israeli operation, the tech behemoth has hired dozens of engineers who are “bringing with them knowledge that Apple does not currently possess, and they will get a finished product almost specifically made for them. It's part of Apple's new strategy of developing the technology it needs in-house, instead of relying on outside companies and contractors.”
Among the topics discussed by Rivlin and Cook was the role of education in the advancement of poorer populations, and how Apple could help ensure that peripheral groups, like ultra-Orthodox Jews and Arabs, could become more integrated in Israel's high-tech economy.
“We must learn from you how to help our students also in difficult places, as you have done in many schools in the US,” said Rivlin.
Cook said Apple had a great deal of experience in helping disadvantaged communities increase their tech skills.
“We are huge believers in education, and always felt that education is the great equalizer,” said Cook. “We are working hard to bring schools that have under-served children, to a much higher level. We chose 120 schools from across the US, and we are working hard in the classroom, to help the children and their access to education.”
Rivlin also praised Cook for Apple's policies on diversity.
“True innovation can only result from full access to education for all, regardless of race, religion, or sex. We would like to learn from your experience in the US, in bringing education and technology to periphery groups and communities. I personally admire your work in human rights,” Rivlin told Cook, who recently announced that they were gay. “You are an inspiration for us to do even more.”
OAKLAND -- In Oakland, California, the Google cars that collect maps and photographs of city streets have also been collecting air, and measuring pollution block by city block.
Melissa Lunden is the chief scientist for Aclima, the company that built the pollution sensing equipment added to Google's Street View cars.
"These are sampling gases like ozone, NO, NO2, CO2, methane," Lunden says. "You see the traffic, you see the streets, you can see the air pollution. That data is uploaded to the internet in real time."
A heat map displays pollution sensing technology equipped to Google's Street View Cars. CBS News
The result is a detailed map that shows exactly where the air in Oakland is most polluted.
"This hot spot is around 100 meters of that road, persistent over a year," Lunden says.
In the future, this technology could provide city maps with pollution levels in the same way we can now see traffic jams on smartphones.
"You could also take this kind of data and give a biking route or a walking route or a route to school, where you minimize your exposure to pollutants," Lunden says.
A heat map displays pollution sensing technology equipped to Google's Street View Cars. CBS News
Steve Hamburg is the chief scientist for the Environmental Defense Fund, which helped pay for the pollution mapping project. They say detailed pollution maps could even impact real estate prices.
"We now have an ability to really make that pollution visible to everybody," Hamburg says.
"You don't right now know what you're buying. This will make it transparent, and that puts more pressure, again, let's fix these problems," they say.
It's a technology that makes visible what is now mostly invisible, and when it comes to air pollution, what you can't see can hurt you.
As someone who was a participant on Ivan's RS84 buy who did file a paypal dispute after what I suspected was a reasonable amount of time for a reply in the original thread, I think part of the blame is also on the buyers to use common sense to see if a situation is super fishy.
Note: I had both emailed Ivan myself (using the email that was used during the paypal transaction) and looked in the thread and Ivan's profile for an update. I waited as long as I could during the paypal dispute window to make one. I didn't do it because I wanted my money back, I did it because I did not trust that the Group Buy was going to go through.
During all of this, I saw numerous posts in the original thread about people saying that Ivan was a good guy, that they had run buys before, that you should just trust him, etc. In my opinion, this is the largest failing by the geekhack community- assuring others that everything was OK when they had obviously no idea what was going on.
What the mods need to do to ensure this shouldn't happen again is this:
1. Do not allow users that are not connected to the group buy itself to issue statements about the validity of the gb's progress in the thread. Yes, there are senior members in gh that I personally trust. However, I don't think it's fair for those that are disconnected from the actual logistics of the buy to post things like "don't worry, he's trustworthy" or "He/She will pull through, just give it time". Being unavailable through the forum and unresponsive IS cause for concern, especially when handling over $10,000 worth of gh members' money.
2. Do not base Group Buy Leader eligibility over post count, rather keep the current requirements: 25 posts/2 months. High post count/Seniority make no difference in whether or not the person is a scammer. I had purchased my GMK Hyperfuse set off of sethk_ and at the time, they seemed like they were a reputable member of gh. They had a high post count and was a member for a long time. Obviously, their group buy fell through as well. In fact, of the recent issues with group buys they've mostly been caused by members that had high post count/seniority.
3. Require images of paid invoices and independent confirmation from the manufacturer that the order has been placed. In the case of Miami Nights, the payment to GMK was never made. If an invoice isn't made within 60 days (which is a reasonable amount of time for the GB leader to collect funds and transfer funds to their personal bank account and make an invoice), people are still able to file paypal disputes in that time. An image can also be doctored, so to ensure that the order is actually placed, the GB leader should notify the manufacturer to allow an outside party (perhaps an admin@geekhack.org) email to get confirmation that the order had been placed and to put that confirmation in the OP.
4. Allow mods access to a list of group buy participants. This way, if an invoice isn't made in the required time periods, group buy participants can be sent an email telling them that the leader has not abided by the Group Buy rules and to check the original thread for more information. Note: I don't think this email should include advisement to file a paypal dispute- that is the point of Caveat Emptor. Rather, this just provides information for the buyer to make a better decision.
5. Suggest new members to use PMK/MD during the IC phase if it applies.
6. Do not involve yourselves as some sort of intermediary other than the checking the paid invoice phase- I do believe that there shouldn't be any sort of warranty, refund, etc. attached to a group buy. However, ensuring that the group buy get off of its feet is not any of those things.
7. While I like the idea of posting 2 week updates, making sure this happens is beyond the control of the mods. The group buy could be running smoothly and have no updates until the product arrives at your doorstep. Furthermore, how are you going to force people to post updates anyways? Would failure to update result in a ban? In this case, scammers wouldn't care- collect money and gtfo. Why would they stick around and use time to make up stories about their fake gb?
8. Having a secondary person is also a good idea but one that I have no clue how it would work effectively. If the GB leader doesnt respond to the second person, you're still out of luck.
Finally, as a community as a whole: don't antagonize people that are nervous about where their money is. It's perfectly reasonable to want to know where in the process the group buy is. Not all people have a large amount of discretionary income to spend on this hobby. I've seen numerous posts around the idea of "when you join a group buy you should forget about where your money is and one day you'll have a nice surprise". If we have that type of attitude towards group buys, more scams are going to happen because we're basically asking for it. Being distrustful of group buy leaders should be expected: at some point everyone participates in their first group buy. It can be scary and daunting knowing that your money is somewhere and you don't know whether or not what you receive will be what you want or if you'll even receive it at all.
Zootopia Movie Review Zootopia isn't simply another fun Disney animated movie. It's one of the greatest Disney animated movies the company has ever produced. With nearly 80 years of experience making animated feature films, saying that Disney has made another thoroughly enjoyable family film isn't anything particularly noteworthy. It's what we've come to expect. While best known for their musicals led by princesses, Disney animation has been on a roll of late with movies like the Academy Award-winning Big Hero 6 and the underrated Wreck-It Ralph. However, Zootopia isn't simply another fun Disney animated movie. It's one of the greatest Disney animated movies the company has ever produced.
In the world of Zootopia, all mammals have evolved into intelligent bipedal creatures. Judy Hopps (Ginnifer Goodwin) is a bunny who has always wanted to be a police officer. As this is a job normally held by large predator animals, nobody gives them much of a chance, but they successfully complete the police academy and is assigned to a precinct in the heart of Zootopia, the city where predator and prey animals live together in harmony.
At least it seems to be harmony. The first crack in the veneer comes when Judy meets Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman), a fox who isn't being served at the elephant ice cream counter because he's obviously shifty. Of course, the joke is on Hopps when they discover Wilde actually is a con artist. The two end up together again, however, as Wilde was one of the last to see a missing person, er, otter, alive and the smarter-than-she-looks bunny hustles the hustler into helping them track them down.
What follows is a solid detective story/buddy cop movie with Disney flare. But it's only after the case is closed that it becomes obvious what Zootopia is actually all about. While it's stated that prey animals make up 90% of Zootopia's population, they are, as prey animals, at a natural disadvantage against the predators. The results of Officer Hopps investigation make the majority population fear the minority, giving Zootopia a deeper-than-anticipated social meaning.
Inside this fun Disney movie is a real look at what happens when different people and cultures find themselves crammed together in the same space. It's not always peaceful, and it's not pretty. Bias, and outright prejudice, exist. Some is overt, much is born from fear, and some comes from the most well-meaning of places, from those who simply don't think their actions through. Sometimes it comes from us, even when we don't mean it to. Stop me if any of this sounds familiar, in a ripped-from-the-headlines kind of way. However, Zootopia doesn't push, and it doesn't preach. There's an important lesson to be learned here, and as it is located inside of a Disney animated feature, it has the potential to reach places where it might not otherwise be heard.
One of the reasons that Frozen has become as popular as it has is because of the way Disney put a twist on the romantic tropes that Disney themselves helped to create. Zootopia doesn't shy away from self-examination, either. Here, there is a focus on the importance of taking action in order to realize your dreams. It's a (polite) shot at the idea that your dreams will come true “when you wish upon a star.” In Zootopia, wishing won't make it so. If you want something, you have to work to make it happen. It's made all the more clear that Disney is willing to take an honest look at themselves when they actually use Frozen as the focus for their criticism, because for as much as that movie did differently, it still did quite a bit by the numbers.
From a technical standpoint Zootopia is top notch. The animation is spectacular. All of the animals look amazing. In close-up, each creature looks truly alive. Each animal hair looks like it was individually animated to react to its environment. Action sequences are tight, exciting, and a joy to watch. You'll find yourself scanning every frame in the city looking for each available detail (and joke), and you won't be disappointed. The voice cast is perfect. In addition to Ginnifer Goodwin and Jason Bateman we get the talents of J.K. Simmons, Idris Elba, and Shakira, among others. Every actor and character is perfectly matched.
If all you're looking for is a fun matinee to take the family to, Zootopia will provide everything that you need. But, for the “older kids” in the room, Zootopia provides a parable with a lesson for anybody old enough to understand it. Finally, it will leave you with a pop song from Shakira that's going to burrow into your brain and leave you humming it for days. 10 / 10 stars Rating: 5.0/5 Reviewed By: Dirk Libbey Related Articles Once Upon A Time Vet Ginnifer Goodwin Just Landed Them Next TV Lead Role Disney Might Be Working On Two More Zootopia Movies These Zootopia Inspired Movie Posters For The 2018 Oscars Are Perfect 10 Awesome Movies You Need To Watch Before They Leave Netflix In March Blended From Around The Web
Back to top
Season 3 – Chapter 5
In Chapter 5, the highly anticipated Fourlancer game mode is introduced where you can take the team in your own hands. Isadora the Furyball Frontline also rolls into action with their trusty Forceball!
New Game Mode – Fourlancer
Time to take charge with the new Fourlancer game mode! Choose and control all 4 Freelancers on your team and play 1v1 with an extended decision timer. Use F1-F4 hotkeys to select each Freelancer or cycle through them with CTRL+TAB. Put your tactics to the test, set up combos on your own, and play deathmatch without others to blame.
New Lancer – Isadora
Isadora the Furyball is a Frontline freelancer that is fused with crystallized energy, fires devastating lasers, and is fortified with a Forceball. Isadora is protected with a passive amount of shields, but has a much lower health total. After taking enough damage to drop their shields, Isadora goes On Foot as a Firepower and can cause imminent doom to their enemies. As the Forceball erupts, energy crystals scatter across the battlefield and can be gathered by Isadora exclusively for extra energy. Isadora can convert energy into shields with their ultimate, thus bringing them back into Forceball mode.
New Skins – Apocalyptic Isadora, Plaid Fill, Damage Inc. Skins
Isadora's ready for all out war with their new Apocalyptic skin and Fill gets a new flannel look with the Plaid skin which unlocks both male and female styles when purchased. New Damage Inc. Quark, Celeste, Su-Ren, Zuki make their debut and big congrats again to Vezzed Gaming for winning the Damage Incorporated Invitational Tournament and choosing the selected Freelancers!
New Overcon, Emoji, Achievements
Parade around the battlefield with the “Fanfare” Overcon for logging in during Chapter 5. Complete the Chapter 5 missions to prove you are the bomb-diggity and unlock the “PjuBomb” emoji based on executive producer Peter Ju! New achievements are also now available for all Freelancers #4 ability, may the 4th be with you.
Double ISO Weekend Sept. 8 – 10
Celebrate Chapter 5 with double ISO this weekend from September 8 to 10! Play matches, gain XP and earn Loot Matrices with every level up. Loot Matrices have a chance to drop ISO or if you happen to get a duplicate item it turns into ISO instantly. Feel free to spend your ISO on skins, taunts, banners, emojis and much more to add to your Collection.
– The Atlas Reactor Team
If you're not already playing Atlas Reactor…
Play Now!
If you're already signed up, you can download Atlas Reactor here.
For all the latest Atlas Reactor news make sure to follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and come discuss the state of the game in our Forums. Don't forget to tell your friends and get awesome RAF Rewards!
The Chicago Blackhawks want another forward and have made defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk available as part of that effort, reports Sportnet's Elliotte Friedman. They say they may need to “sweeten the pot” beyond TVR in order to get a deal done.
It's been a rough few weeks for van Riemsdyk, who opened training camp as a lock to make the NHL roster. Despite a rough training camp and preseason, that happened, but van Riemsdyk quickly lost their spot in the lineup to Niklas Hjalmarsson returning from suspension after the opener. With the emergence of 20-year-old Gustav Forsling, there was no longer room for van Riemsdyk in the lineup.
And because he's not waiver-exempt, the Hawks cannot send TVR down to the AHL without clearing waivers. Given their favorable contract — $825,000 cap hit through 2017-18 — there's a very good chance they would get claimed even after a rough start to the season.
So that makes van Riemsdyk a sensible trade candidate right now, although their trade value likely isn't too high. They could fit in as a defensive-minded third-pairing defenseman on another team, but others likely wouldn't give up much for the chance to find out. More likely, the Hawks will have to add other assets to any offer involving TVR in order to get a forward who could meaningfully contribute right now, as Friedman noted.
Last season, van Riemsdyk played in all 82 games and recorded 14 points. They were pretty rough at times, often when next to Brent Seabrook, and clearly over their head as the No. 4 defenseman. Presumably the Hawks' selling pitch in a trade would be that he'll be more effective in a less significant role.
None of this is to say that a deal is imminent, but it's very possible. The Hawks won't want to carry eight defensemen all season long, and Michal Rozsival isn't getting traded. And if the Hawks want to move a d-man for a forward, TVR is the logical candidate to make it happen given their waiver status. While Chicago's young forwards have shown flashes this season, another option for Joel Quenneville wouldn't hurt.
When I first saw the above video, I thought perhaps someone had edited it to make it seem like Ron's predictions from 2002 were more accurate then they were.
Nope.
When you watch the C-SPAN version below you see the exact same remarks verbatim, without the added commentary.
Just to make sure, I sourced this back to the original page on C-SPAN.Note at the 1:28 mark where they predict "Some of our moderate Arab allies will be overthrown by Islamic fundamentalists."
Got that right.
And then there's this from the CNN transcript (which is in all CAPS for some reason):
THE UNITED STATES, WITH TONY BLAIR AS HEAD CHEERLEADER, WILL ATTACK IRAQ WITHOUT PROPER AUTHORITY AND A MAJOR WAR, THE LARGEST SINCE WORLD WAR II WILL RESULT. MAJOR MOVES WILL BE MADE BY CHINA, INDIA, RUSSIA, AND PAKISTAN IN CENTRAL ASIA TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHAOS FOR THE PURPOSE OF GRABBING LAND, RESOURCES, AND STRATEGIC ADVANTAGES SOUGHT AFTER FOR YEARS.
Go to the bottom of this page for a rolling transcript of the entire speech (with some typos). Another fun line:
DURING THE NEXT DECADE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL BECOME POORER AND LESS FREE, WHILE THEY BECOME MORE DEPENDENT ON THE GOVERNMENT FOR ECONOMIC SECURITY.
And then:
I HAVE NO TIMETABLE FOR THESE PREDICTIONS, BUT JUST IN CASE KEEP THEM AROUND AND LOOK AT THEM IN FIVE TO 10 YEARS.
Ten years out, the only thing wrong with these predictions is that they aren't pessimistic enough.
I'm sure that many of those in the chamber on that day and also those watching the speech on C-SPAN, asked themselves "Who is this nutty naysayer?"
Turns out they aren't so nutty after all. And they didn't say quite enough nays.
Imagine if they had gotten up there and predicted, "The U.S. will invade Iraq with no plan whatsoever for policing a hostile populace afterward."
They might have sent the men in white suits for him.
Nobody could be that dumb.
Alas, Bush was.
It's amazing how much Ron got right.
As to what they got wrong, we don't have the draft yet.
But just give President Obamney some time.
Image copyright Jonathan Bacon / PA Image caption Sculptor Les Johnson (centre) said the prince (left) was "amazed" by their design
Prince Harry has praised a "fantastic" sculpture in honour of Royal Navy mine warfare and diving teams.
The prince attended a reception organised by the project's fundraisers.
They were shown a scaled-down model of the planned statue of a mine and a diver, which campaigners hope to install at a shopping centre in Portsmouth.
The Gunwharf Quays site was formerly occupied by the HMS Vernon shore establishment, where diving, mining and mine-clearance operations were based.
Image copyright Project Vernon Image caption An artist's impression of the monument in Vernon Creek, Portsmouth
Image copyright Rob Hoole Image caption Vernon Creek was formerly occupied by Royal Navy minehunters
Australian sculptor Les Johnson said the prince was "amazed" with their design, showing a diver attaching an explosive charge to a mine.
"I explained to them it's going to be one-and-a-half times life-size," Mr Johnson said.
"The diver will be 9ft long, and the mine 7ft tall, and they were quite surprised."
The 13-tonne bronze, steel and stone statue is due to be installed in Vernon Creek, a shopping centre water feature formerly occupied by Royal Navy minehunters.
It will be the first monument to commemorate the work of HMS Vernon, which left the site in 1996.
The Vernon Monument charity said it was more than two-thirds of the way towards its fundraising target of £325,000.
It said the sculpture would take two years to complete once started.
During a 40-minute reception at Trinity House, London, the prince told one man: "I really hope it goes well".
Charity spokesperson Rob Hoole said the prince's attendance, in their role as commodore-in-chief, small ships and diving, was a "great tribute to the project".
Change creates new opportunities
In their revolutionary book on creating impact, Bold, Dr. Peter Diamandis lays out a roadmap available for today's "exponential entrepreneurs" to leverage new platforms and technologies to change the world.
The author makes the case that user-friendly interfaces coupled with platforms unlock potential. From the first browser, Mosaic that unlocked the internet to Uber, which unlocked latent private car inventory to Airbnb, which has disrupted how we travel - we live in an unprecedented era whereby interfaces, platforms and technologies unlock potential, open new possibilities and ravage sleeping incumbents.
Diamandis states: "The creation of a simple and elegant user interface gives entrepreneurs the ability to harness this new tool to solve problems, start businesses, and most importantly, experiment."
And in this regard, with the world in a race to become more digital and no industry being untouched by software, money and banking are undeniably caught up in this digital race. Money faces a digital and human imperative to become more efficient. Digital crypto-currencies like Bitcoin maybe best suited to become the world's platform for storing and exchanging value with elegant interfaces and trusted intermediaries unlocking this potential.
by Sarah Paduano | Mar 11, 2015 3:37pm ( ) Comments | Commenting has expired | Share
Posted to: Law Enforcement, Public Safety, State Capitol
Second Amendment advocates and gun owners feel that legislation before the General Assembly is infringing on their right to possess firearms, while proponents feel the bills would protect domestic violence victims.
Members of the Connecticut Citizens Defense League and the National Rifle Association packed the Judiciary Committee's public hearing Wednesday to testify against three bills. Two bills seek to shorten the amount of time a person with a temporary restraining order can hold onto their or their firearms. A third seeks to strengthen gun storage requirements. This marks the second time in two years that gun owners have opposed legislation involving firearms that's come before state lawmakers.
One of the two domestic violence bills proposed by Gov. Dannel P. Malloy would remove firearms from the targets of temporary restraining orders in 24 hours rather than waiting for a hearing before a judge. Proponents said the goal is to protect the person who filed for the order, particularly in domestic violence cases. But opponents of the legislation say it's an unnecessary restriction on law-abiding gun owners.
Malloy proposed the bill as part of their budget and Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman testified on their behalf Wednesday because the governor was on vacation in Puerto Rico.
Members of the Judiciary Committee grilled Wyman and the governor's chief legal counsel, Karen Buffkin, for more than three hours as hundreds waited to testify. The hearing was still ongoing at 6:30 p.m.
Rep. Robert Sampson, R-Wolcott, said the bill doesn't give gun owners an “opportunity to be heard” before their firearms are taken away.
According to Buffkin, a person would first file the application for an ex parte restraining order and explain what violence occurred. If the judge believes the person is credible and that they or they are in “imminent danger,” the order would be issued and firearms would be required to be turned over within 24 hours.
“The goal of this bill is to reduce the risk to victims of domestic violence in a very critical period of time,” Buffkin said.
According to the Judicial Branch, 291 ex parte temporary restraining orders were issued between July 1, 2013, and June 20, 2014, for cases in which the written application showed allegations concerning firearms. Thirty-three were issued after a hearing in which at least one of the parties was present, and 282 were issued in cases that included both an ex parte application and a hearing.
Currently, the law leaves access to firearms in temporary restraining order cases up to a judge at a hearing that may be held as many as two weeks after the initial order is issued.
“Without a hearing, there is no way to know — all the judge sees is an allegation on a piece of paper. Why would we not have a hearing at least on the seizure of the firearms?” Rep. Doug Dubitsky, R-Canterbury, asked.
They said taking away firearm affects a resident's constitutional rights.
“Doing it without a hearing affects another set of constitutional rights,” Dubitsky said.
Buffkin and Wyman responded that the bill does provide due process. The complainant is required to give a sworn statement of what occurred and could be criminally charged if they or they filed false allegations, the two said.
Once the ex parte restraining order becomes permanent, the offender's gun permit would be revoked, according to Buffkin. The offender would have to wait until the end of the restraining order to reapply for a permit, which caused concerns for opponents of the legislation.
Sampson said it could take up to two years for someone to get a new permit, according to the state Board of Firearm Permit Examiners.
“We believe this really protects people,” Wyman said. “In the long run, the judge can say there is no problem and we don't have to take the guns away. We trust the judges to make the decision. We are just giving them the tools,” they said.
Wyman said the days following the victims' filing of a temporary restraining order are the most dangerous and the current process takes too long.
“We can and must do more to protect victims of domestic violence and their families,” Wyman said. “In Connecticut, guns are the most commonly used weapon in fatal family violence incidents.”
Wyman testified that research shows a woman who is in an abusive relationship is five times more likely to be killed if their abuser has access to a firearm.
But gun owners, who organized in 2013 to oppose sweeping changes to the state's gun laws following the Sandy Hook school shooting, said there is no protection for those who become the subject of a temporary restraining order under false pretenses.
James Dempsey Jr., a gun owner and Enfield resident, said in written testimony that gaining access to Second Amendment rights has been a struggle.
“Stripping a gun owner of their firearms without even seeing a judge is blatantly against due process,” Dempsey said in written testimony.
They said they had a friend whose wife filed a restraining order against them at the advice of their lawyer.
“Shortly afterwards, the police came looking for their firearms,” Dempsey said. “Luckily, they knew the law and refused to surrender their firearms.”
Less than a week after allegations of sexual harassment were made against Sen. Al Franken (D-MN), a member of Congress came forward to detail their own harassment experience while working on Capitol Hill.
Rep. Diana DeGette (D-CO) appeared on MSNBC's Meet The Press Daily Monday and said their then-colleague Rep. Bob Filner (D-CA) tried to forcibly kiss them while they were in an elevator together.
“I was in an elevator and then-Congressman Bob Filner tried to pin me to the door of the elevator and kiss me and I pushed them away and, of course, some years later they left congress they became the mayor of San Diego, and then they had to leave that position for harassing younger women,” DeGette said. “I was their colleague, they couldn't take action against me. And believe you me, I never got into an elevator with them again.”
Advertisement
DeGette referred to Filner's very public history of sexual harassment after their 20-year tenure in Congress while they were mayor of San Diego.
During their time as mayor, dozens of women, veterans in particular, came forward and recounted instances of Filner groping, kissing, and making a number of unwanted advances.
“He went to dinners, asked women out to dinners, grabbed breasts, buttocks. The full gamut. Everything that is complete violation of what we stand for,” Tara Jones, president of the National Women's Veterans Association of America in San Diego told CNN. “He's a sexual predator. And they used this organization for their own personal agenda.”
Eventually Filner pleaded guilty to three charges, one a felony false imprisonment charge, the other two misdemeanor battery charges. The felony charge said Filner forcibly restrained a woman at a fund-raising event, while the misdemeanor charges say they kissed a woman on the lips without their consent at City Hall and groped a woman innapropriately after they asked to have their picture taken with them at a rally. Nineteen women in total made accusations of sexual harassment against Filner. They were sentenced to 90 days of home confinement, three years' probation, and $1,500 dollars worth of fines.
With a second accusation against Franken and new allegations against New York Times White House correspondent Glenn Thrush and television host Charlie Rose, the “Weinstein effect” is hitting powerful men hard. Surely the women who have come forward to accuse these powerful men and others won't be the last.
Advertisement
“I think that many members of Congress, certainly professional women, have been harassed over the years and I'm certainly no different. What strikes me in this conversation is that a lot of my colleagues and others have said this is going on, but they seem somehow so reluctant to say who did it,” DeGette told MSNBC. “And I don't really understand that because it seems to me — particularly if those people are still in Congress, or whatever the profession is — then they're still getting away with it.”
The underage girl's pictures have provoked a disturbing level of attention online (Picture: Weibo)
A 15-year-old Chinese girl who posted pictures of their extreme plastic surgery online has amassed almost 400,000 followers.
One social media user described the girl, who goes by the name Lee Hee Danae, as ‘too beautiful to look at'.
On the teen's Weibo account – a Chinese Twitter/Facebook hybrid – they give their birthday as May, 1999 and says she's from the Henan province in central China.
Despite their young age, the teen has attracted a disturbing level of attention on social media, with thousands of comments being posted about their altered appearance.
The girl is claimed to have had surgery to win back an ex (Picture: Weibo)
Chinese site cbg.cn reports that the girl underwent the surgeries to win back an ex-boyfriend.
The girl, who resembles a porcelain doll, look as though they have had surgery on their chin, to make it more pointed.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The V-line surgery, where the jawline is giving a more pointed, heart shape, is increasingly popular in China.
The girl appears to have had surgery on their chin, eyes and cheekbones (Picture: Weibo)
In a picture apparently taken immediately post-surgery, the teen appears to have had work done around their eyes and cheekbones too.
Double eyelid surgery, to give the appearance of wider eyes, is also becoming a popular procedure among Asian women.
However, some have been speculating online that the girl's images might have been digitally altered.
MORE: Plastic surgery in South Korea is so good people need new ID to prove who they are
Advertisement Advertisement
Video (02:01) : Three teenagers and a 20-year-old were killed Friday in a collision between a car and pickup truck on an icy road outside Sleepy Eye in south-central Minnesota, the State Patrol said.
A second multiple-victim crash within a week has killed three teens and a 20-year-old — bringing to seven the number of young men killed in simi­lar broadside collisions on icy Minnesota highways.
The latest victims died Friday night after the car they were in slid out of control outside Sleepy Eye, 105 miles southwest of Minneapolis in south-central Minnesota, the State Patrol said. Four others were injured, none critically, when the car and a pickup truck collided shortly before 8:30 p.m. on two-lane Hwy. 14 in Brown County.
Killed were John D. Mangen, 18, of Fairfax; Caleb B. Quesenberry, 17, of St. Peter; Payton R. Adams, 17, of Sleepy Eye; and Tyler S. Hadley, 20, of Sleepy Eye. All were passengers in the car.
“It's a big shock for our community here,” said John Cselovszki, superintendent of Sleepy Eye public schools.
The deadly crash came exactly one week after three Carleton College students died near Northfield when their SUV went out of control on the ice and slid into the path of a semitrailer truck.
Friday, a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix driven by Kansas Adams, 19, was going west on Hwy. 14 when they lost control on an icy curve. The car slid into the eastbound lane and was hit broadside on the passenger side by a 1999 Dodge Ram pickup, the patrol said.
A community membertook some holy water after the prayer service for the four boys killed in a car accident.
Kansas Adams suffered serious injuries and remained hospitalized Saturday. They were the only one in the car known to be wearing a seat belt, State Patrol Lt. Eric Roeske said, adding that Kansas was Payton Adams' brother.
It wasn't known if the car's front-seat passenger was wearing a seat belt, but none of those in the back seat were, Roeske said.
The driver of the truck, Douglas Wiborg, 43, of New Ulm and their children — Jakob Wiborg, 9, and Syndey Wiborg, 7 — were hospitalized with noncritical injuries. They were wearing seat belts, Roeske said.
A small amount of marijuana was located in the Grand Prix, but it's unknown if that or alcohol played a role in the crash, they said. They noted that Wiborg had not been drinking.
Last weekend's crash in Northfield killed three Carle­ton College students — James P. Adams, 20, of St. Paul; Paxton M. Harvieux, 21, of Stillwater; and Michael D. Goodgame, 20, of Westport, Conn. — and injured two others.
‘A horrific tragedy'
“As this case and the case last week illustrates, at the wrong time, depending on what is coming in the other direction, [losing control on a road] can be a horrific tragedy,” said Roeske, adding that officers continue to emphasize to drivers to adjust driving to conditions. “You can't take it lightly when we talk about the need to be aware and drive safely in these conditions.”
For many in Sleepy Eye, a city of about 3,600, the first inkling of something wrong came when they heard the sound of helicopters during a school play Friday, Cselovszki said.
Hadley graduated in 2012 and Mangen in 2013 from Sleepy Eye High School. Cse­lovszki said they saw both Thursday night in Mankato at the high school girls' basketball playoff game against Lester Prairie.
“They were outstanding members of our community and participated in various events,” the superintendent said. “We enjoyed having them, and it's really a tragic loss for our school and our community.”
Payton Adams attended St. Mary's Catholic School in Sleepy Eye, where their brother, Kansas Adams, had graduated. Quesenberry attended school in a neighboring district.
Their brother, Alex, said Caleb Quesenberry was always outgoing and kind.
Word of the crash spread quickly on social media to friends, including Ethan Silfies, who had graduated with Mangen and played on the baseball and football teams with him.
“I was completely speechless,” Silfies said. “It's not just Sleepy Eye; it's the whole 507 area code — from Redwood Falls to Marshall to Mankato. Everybody, even if they didn't know them, is still affected.”
They added that everyone in the car had been involved in athletics and was well-known locally. Mangen was attending college in Winona and “always managed to have a smile on their face,” Silfies said.
Driver recalls hitting ice patch
Tyler S. Hadley, 20, of Sleepy Eye
Isaiah Arbogast, a St. Cloud State University classmate, visited Kansas Adams at North Memorial Medical Center in Minneapolis and said their friend was improving Saturday.
“He remembers hitting that icy patch and … the rest is a blur,” Arbogast said.
They said Kansas Adams told them that the marijuana was not his, and that neither pot nor alcohol played a role in causing the crash — just slippery roads.
As for the driver's younger brother, Payton Adams, Arbogast said they were an outgoing junior at St. Mary's Catholic School, where they played basketball and football. “He was just a good kid,” Arbogast said.
The patrol said that the collision occurred just west of Sleepy Eye, where the highway has two sets of S curves.
“Highway 14 is in bad shape right now — very slick,” Sleepy Eye Mayor James Broich said Saturday. “We had blowing snow [Friday], and then with the sun out, it melted and froze on the highway.”
Several other injury accidents were reported on icy highways in south-central Minnesota overnight. They included two rollovers, one each in Blue Earth and Jackson counties, that injured 10 children, teens and young adults. None were critically hurt.
Cselovszki said Monday had been scheduled as in-service day for teachers, with students off in Sleepy Eye public school. Due to the tragedy, the school will be open from 10 a.m. to noon for young people who want to gather.
Payton R. Adams, 17, of Sleepy Eye
Counselors and clergy will be available then and when classes resume, and teachers also will be offered grief counseling, they said.
Cselovszki, their voice breaking, said they and many others had not slept Friday night. As the news spread, they said, many were hoping that it wasn't true.
“It's difficult for the whole town,” Cselovszki said. “It's a tough place to be — in Sleepy Eye.”
Namco Bandai Games has released new screenshots of Naruto Storm Revolution featuring the Second Tsuchikage, Muu! Known for their particle style kekkei tota (and as the Null-Man for their skill of being able to hide their presence completely), the Second Tsuchikage pulls off a few of their tricks in developer CyberConnect2′s latest fighter. In one screenshot they show their ability to split into two physical forms and attack, while in a few of the others they launch their particle style jutsu!
Past Naruto Storm Revolution Screenshots
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution is the latest game in Namco Bandai and CyberConnect2's acclaimed Naruto Storm series. It'll contain team jutsus and over 100 playable characters, including an original character and awakening by Naruto creator Masashi Kishimoto. Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution is planned for a 2014 release worldwide for the Sony PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Xbox 360. No exact date has been announced at this time.
Blackwell, like many others teachers, understands that when kids are curious, they're much more likely to stay engaged.
But why? What, exactly, is curiosity and how does it work? A study published in the October issue of the journal Neuron, suggests that the brain's chemistry changes when we become curious, helping us better learn and retain information.
Our Brains On Curiosity
"In any given day, we encounter a barrage of new information," says Charan Ranganath, a psychologist at the University of California, Davis, and one of the researchers behind the study. "But even people with really good memory will remember only a small fraction of what happened two days ago."
Ranganath was curious to know why we retain some information and forget other things.
So they and their colleagues rounded up 19 volunteers and asked them to review more than 100 trivia questions. Questions such as, "What does the term 'dinosaur' actually mean?" and "What Beatles single lasted the longest on the charts, at 19 weeks?"
Participants rated each question in terms of how curious they were about the answer.
Next, everyone reviewed the questions — and their answers — while the researchers monitored their brain activity using an MRI machine. When the participants' curiosity was piqued, the parts of their brains that regulate pleasure and reward lit up. Curious minds also showed increased activity in the hippocampus, which is involved in the creation of memories.
"There's this basic circuit in the brain that energizes people to go out and get things that are intrinsically rewarding," Ranganath explains. This circuit lights up when we get money, or candy. It also lights up when we're curious.
When the circuit is activated, our brains release a chemical called dopamine which gives us a high. "The dopamine also seems to play a role in enhancing the connections between cells that are involved in learning."
Indeed, when the researchers later tested participants on what they learned, those who were more curious were more likely to remember the right answers.
Curiosity Helps Us Learn Boring Stuff, Too
There was one more twist in Ranganath's study: Throughout the experiment, the researchers flashed photos of random faces, without giving the participants any explanation as to why.
Those whose curiosity was already piqued were also the best at remembering these faces.
The researchers were surprised to learn that curious brains are better at learning not only about the subject at hand, but also other stuff — even incidental, boring information.
"Say you're watching the Breaking Bad finale," Ranganath explains. If you're a huge fan of the show, you're certainly really curious to know what happens to its main character, Walter White.
"You'll undoubtedly remember what happens in the finale," they say, but you might also remember what you ate before watching the episode, and what you did right after.
This is a phenomenon teachers can use to their advantage in the classroom, says Evie Malaia, an assistant professor at the Southwest Center for Mind, Brain and Education at the University of Texas at Arlington.
"Say a kid wants to be an astronaut," they say. "Well, how do you link that goal with learning multiplication tables?" A teacher may choose to ask their class an interesting word problem that involves space exploration, Malaia says.
At the end of the class, students may remember the answer to the word problem, but they'll also remember how they found the answer through multiplication.
"This way kids basically get into the driver's seat," Malaia says. "They feel especially good if they discover something, if they construct knowledge themselves."
Teachers have been using this technique instinctively for years, they add, and now the science is backing that up. "Curiosity really is one of the very intense and very basic impulses in humans. We should base education on this behavior."
What We Still Don't Know
There are a lot scientists still don't understand about curiosity. "There are only a handful of studies on curiosity," Ranganath says. "It's very hard to study."
Researchers don't know, for example, why exactly we get such a high off of learning, through Ranganath says it makes sense from an evolutionary standpoint. "We might have a basic drive in our brain to fight uncertainty," they say. The more we know about the world, the more likely we are to survive its many perils.
Scientists are also trying to figure out how long the effects of curiosity last — if a kid's curiosity is piqued at the beginning of the school day, will they be good at absorbing knowledge all day long? Or will they lose interest?
What Ranganath wants to know most is why some people seem naturally more curious than others. Lots of factors, including stress, aging and certain drugs can affect dopamine processing in the brain, they say. Genetic factors may also influence how inquisitive we are.
"If we could figure these things out, it would have a huge impact. We could help those who may just seem bored." Ranganath says.
Blackwell, the science teacher in California, says they don't have to deal with that problem too often.
They say their students love exploring the mysterious unknowns in science: What happens when a car crashes? Why does one car get more beat up than the other? Why do some people look more like their aunt than their mom? How do rainbows work?
A widespread heatwave is parked over the central United States, causing heat index values to reach 110 degrees F, with some areas reaching 115 degrees by Sunday as the high pressure ridge spreads to the East.
As of Friday, July 22, almost 124 million people are under an Excessive Heat Warning, Excessive Heat Watch or Heat Advisory.
The high pressure and extreme humidity will begin to ease up on Tuesday, July 26, but some portions of the Southeast will continue experiencing heat index values as high as 110 degrees into Thursday.
A unique feature of this heatwave is its very high overnight lows, which will offer little relief from the oppressive heat – especially in the Northern Plains and Upper Midwest.
Beware of heat-related illnesses
Heat is a silent killer – people often don't realize they are suffering from heat exhaustion until it's too late. Learn how to cope with dangerous heat and take precautions to protect your health. Stay hydrated by drinking water, stay out of the sun, and schedule outdoor activities for early morning or evening hours. Heat stroke is a medical emergency, and if you see someone with the signs and symptoms, call 911 immediately. Please be sure to check in on elderly or sick friends and neighbors, too.
How hot will it get where you live?
Plug your Zip Code into the upper left hand window at www.weather.gov to access your local forecast.
mother! is the new fantastical horror from Black Swan and Requiem for a Dream director Darren Aronofsky who is best known for making thought-provoking films. Their latest is going to achieve this to the highest degree, as filmgoers are going to try and decipher this film like a Rubix Cube for months. What exactly is mother! about? This is a difficult question to answer, partially because it may not have an answer. The best summary of this film would be to describe it as a home invasion thriller, where a seemingly happy couple's isolated estate is turned upside-down by a mysterious duo. This brief synopsis is true, but still sells this incredible film short in regards to what it really is. As the credits rolled, I sat in awe and shock at what I had just seen, much like the rest of the audience. mother! is much more than just a film. It is an experience. Regardless of how you feel about it, it is hands-down the most unique experience you'll have this year in a theater.
The film follows Jennifer Lawrence and Javier Bardem's characters simply known as “Mother” and “Him,” who live in a gigantic house in the middle of nowhere. They lead a quiet, tranquil life while Mother rebuilds the home and Him focuses on their writing, or their lack thereof as they suffer from writer's block. From the moment we are introduced to the house and Mother, you can already sense that something is slightly off. Even Lawrence's deliberately natural look is very obvious, as well as Him's oblivious demeanor. Both these features play key roles, that you see more fully as the film unfolds. What starts off as a simple premise escalates to catastrophic proportions after the sensual couple arrives, played by Michelle Pfeiffer and Ed Harris. The couple lets the strangers into their home, quickly stirring up tension within the peaceful residence. The house itself isn't ready to accept any of this tension either, as it seems to be living in a sense, becoming its own character. However, this new couple is only the fuse to the cinematic bomb that is this story.
Noting the small cast, the performances in this film are all top-notch. Lawrence leads the film and commands the screen for a majority of the runtime. This is a loose Jennifer Lawrence we are seeing, which was quite refreshing given Lawrence's usual big, charismatic characters. Them vulnerability is key to the film and mother! wouldn't work without it. Javier Bardem was a perfect casting choice for this role, with their slightly intimidating presence, yet simultaneously soft demeanor. Michelle Pfeiffer and Ed Harris bring their natural brand of mystery, specifically Pfeiffer whose facial expressions and line delivery deserve awards on their own. There is also a big name that is not really billed and their impact is better being a surprise. They really just adds another wild card to this film. Another surprising aspect to mother! is the lack of a score, a first for an Aronofsky film. Normally I'm against this, but it worked really well as it let the house have a larger role. The sound design is impeccable, as you hear every creak and footstep in the film. The camera movement through the house is also incredible, as you twist and swirl trying to navigate such a gigantic estate. The film was rehearsed and test shot in an abandoned warehouse so that the cast and Aronofsky could better map the house out, which pays off in one of the most impressive scenes of the year.
Now, I've been pretty vague about the plot so far, as it is hard to talk about mother! without going into spoilers or giving away too much and taking away from the experience of the film. This is exactly why everyone just needs to see it for themselves, as this project has a million interpretations and everyone is going to see it differently. Aronofsky had a lot on their mind when writing this screenplay, resulting in the first draft being completed in just five days. A lot of people will say this led to an indulgent final project and they are partially right. However, isn't that what a director is supposed to do when they have something to say? Creators pour their heart and mind out and let the audience decide if they want to indulge. People will ask if certain visceral elements are necessary or there just for shock. I believe the correct answer is both, as a director should include what elements are necessary to tell the story. These same elements are there to shock you, because shock is necessary. These questions to me are just picking away at the ambition of Aronofsky, rather than applauding them for crafting one of the most ambitious studio films not only of this year, but of this century. This movie covers a vast array of themes, from religion to the Big Bang to the struggling artist to motherhood, depending on your interpretation. mother! may not be the tightest script in the world, but due to its ambition, I'll give it a bit of a pass.
The directing isn't the best at times either, given the personal nature of the script and it's layered chaos. The pacing lacks at times, which is hard for a slow burn horror. This film is a tad over two hours long, so there's a point where the tension is almost unbearable. But, when things hit the fan (as they always do), this film goes ALL OUT. Aronofsky is known for shocking the audience, with jarring tonal shifts that keep the viewer guessing. Again, without giving away details, I was NOT prepared for the last 25 minutes, so consider me caught off guard. And, unlike the awful marketing suggests, it will mess some people up for sure. More than that, though, this movie makes an impact on you. You will be thinking about it for days, perhaps even years.
mother! is a must-see film. Some people will love it, and some people will hate it (hell, some already do). I think Darren Aronofsky accomplishes what they set out to do. They wanted to make a statement as an artist on their current psyche and take on what's going on in the world around us. It is up to everyone's unique interpretation to say whether they accomplished this or not. However, there's no denying that they have gotten people to talk. I can't recommend this movie to everybody, especially if you're not a fan of their previous work. Darren went full Aronofsky with this film. I was sucked into the story and the small world it created. Jennifer Lawrence had me entranced, giving another Oscar-worthy performance. mother! has managed to crawl through my eyes and ears, burrowing deep into my brain where it'll most likely remain for a couple weeks. Floored isn't even close to how I felt after this film, still searching for words to describe it. mother! is a fever dream like none other that begs to be revisited, which I full intend to do. If you're a film fan that likes to be challenged or to be left with something to think about, I cannot encourage you enough to see this film. Just have a hug ready on stand-by.
DeVaughn's Score: 9/10
President Trump on Saturday criticized Hillary Clinton, the Democrat they defeated in the 2016 White House race, for their recent and repeated questioning of the election results.
“Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time,” Trump tweeted. “She just can't stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!”
The Republican president was likely responding to a Mother Jones interview published Friday in which Clinton questioned last year's election results, amid evidence that Russia tried to influence the race outcome. They also called for an independent commission to investigate the matter.
HILLARY CLINTON QUESTIONS 'LEGITIMACY' OF TRUMP'S VICTORY IN 2016 ELECTION
Russia's disinformation campaign “wasn't just influencing voters,” Clinton said in the interview. “It was determining the outcome.”
“I think it was one of the major contributors to the outcome,” they said. “Propaganda works. Advertising works. It's a form of propaganda. So the Russians may have started out a little heavy-handed and clumsy about it, but they were clearly getting guided as to where to target a lot of their fraudulent claims and phony news.”
Special Counsel Robert Mueller is already leading a months-long Justice Department investigation into whether Trump associates colluded with Russia to influence the race.
And Congress is amid several investigations related to Russia meddle, which the U.S. intelligence community says in true but Russian President Vladimir Putin continues to deny.
Clinton, in the interview, also alleged voter suppression in the 2016 race, saying, “In a couple of places, most notably Wisconsin, I think it had a dramatic impact on the outcome.”
The FBI easily found the main server of the now-defunct Silk Road online drug-selling site, and didn't need the National Security's help, federal prosecutors said in a Friday court filing.
The underground drug website, which was shuttered last year as part of a federal raid, was only accessible through the anonymizing tool Tor. The government alleges that Ross Ulbricht, as Dread Pirate Roberts, "reaped commissions worth tens of millions of dollars” through their role as the site's leader. Trial is set for later this year.
The authorities said Friday that the FBI figured out the server's IP address through a misconfiguration in the site's login window. They said that a US warrant wasn't required to search the Icelandic server because "warrants are not required for searches by foreign authorities of property overseas."
According to Serrin Turner, assistant US attorney in New York:
Having failed in their prior motion to dismiss all of the Government's charges, Ulbricht now moves this Court to suppress virtually all of the Government's evidence, on the ground that it was supposedly obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment. Ulbricht offers no evidence of any governmental misconduct to support this sweeping claim. Instead, Ulbricht conjures up a bogeyman – the National Security Agency (“NSA”) – which Ulbricht suspects, without any proof whatsoever, was responsible for locating the Silk Road server, in a manner that they simply assume somehow violated the Fourth Amendment.
Turner wrote [PDF] that the server's IP address was "leaking" from the site "due to an apparent misconfiguration of the user login interface by the site administrator—i.e. Ulbricht."
The government said that the FBI learned of IP addresses of additional servers after examining code on the main server.
The image of the main server was taken "covertly" by the Reykjavik Metropolitan Police, the authorities said. The US said they followed legal process "required under Icelandic law to search the server."
Ulbricht has pleaded not guilty.
The accused Silk Road mastermind faces a lengthy prison sentenced if convicted of narcotics, hacking and money-laundering charges.  They are also accused of "continuing a criminal enterprise."
The court's legal filing came a day after two prominent Bitcoin supporters pleaded guilty to federal charges of facilitating drug trafficking on the Silk Road site.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The Call of Duty: Black Ops III Collector's Edition was recently leaked, and it apparently comes with a functional mini-fridge.
You read that right: the upcoming shooter's special edition includes a whole bunch of in-game and real-world items, but its highlight is the working fridge. The fridge has a "Jugger-Nog" theme, advertising for the in-game soda used to gain the extra health perk in Black Ops' Zombies mode. It can hold a dozen 12-oz cans.
In addition to the fridge, the Collector's Edition comes with:
"Perk-a-Cola" drink coasters
Steelbook game case
Physical concept art cards
Bonus Zombies map, "The Giant"
3 in-game "Personalization Packs," with weapon camos, reticles, and calling cards
Official soundtrack
Season Pass to all of the upcoming map packs
The contents of the Collector's Edition were leaked by New Zealand retailer MightyApe, which is currently selling the bundle for $290. This price is sure to change in different territories and after publisher Activision officially reveals it.
The last entry in the Black Ops series, Black Ops II, had a special edition that came with a flyable RC quadcopter.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III launches on November 6 for Xbox One, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PC. The Collector's Edition will likely be officially announced today during the Zombies mode reveal at San Diego Comic-Con. Keep an eye on GameSpot for more news about Black Ops III as it becomes available.
The Hunt for Red October boardgame from TSR (1988)
The book that started it all.
Connery as Ramius: "Shome thingsh in here don't react well to bulletsh."
Los Angeles class SSN ready for action.
Soviets roll to get 3 detection markers compared to NATO's *gulp* 9.
The battle board - here's where you make those decisions you live to regret...
All in! Aircraft and subs go for broke during the Combat step.
In 1988, TSR published "The Hunt for Red October", a boardgame based on Tom Clancy's 1984 debut novel of the same name.The book was a tense thriller set in the late Cold War period. It focused on a Soviet submarine captain's attempts to defect to the United States. Clancy clearly showed a talent for explaining the complex topic of submarine detection and warfare in layperson's terms without condescending to the reader.The book not only spawned a boardgame, but also a computer game, as well as a movie starring the irrepressible Sean Connery as Captain Ramius and Alec Baldwin cast as the main protagonist, CIA analyst Jack Ryan. Clancy went on to write dozens of novels and several non-fiction books dealing with the military before their death in 2013. All of that - the movies, games, and TV series - began with this one novel. So looking at this boardgame as one of the starting pieces of Tom Clancy's hugely successful career feels a bit odd. As a fan of the novel and the movie, I was always curious about how the boardgame fit into the overall Clancy legacy. Was it an early cash-in or was there some quality here that rubbed off from having the Tom Clancy name attached to it? I wasn't sure.The game comes with several high quality components for its time. There's a 29 page rulebook filled with examples of play, diagrams, and flavorful descriptions of various ships and aircraft of both the NATO and Warsaw Pact. The book has 8 scenarios ranging from short submarine duels to all-out battles of World War III with carriers, fighter planes, subs, and surface ships like frigates and destroyers. Of course, scenario 2 provides the players with the chance to recreate Captain Ramius' defection as depicted in the novel. One player plays the role of Ramius and secretly plots Red October's path while the other player uses the entire Soviet navy to try and track them down and prevent them from reaching the Americans.The board is beautiful and features a map of the North Atlantic Ocean and the Norwegian Sea between North America and Europe. The SOSUS lines are indicated on the map with NATO symbols. Shallow and deep waters are colored differently and airbases for both sides are clearly shown. In addition to the map, there aretwo task force boards (one for each player) so as to avoid crowding on the main playing surface. There is also a 'battle board' that allows players to place their units according to when they will attack (first or second) in the battle phase and where each piece falls in the composition of the task force (ASW, anti-air, etc.). I was surprised by how good these looked and how large they were. For its time, this game had some very nice components.The pieces of the game include the naval and air units. The naval units are two-sided. On one side is the name and class of the ship with its detection and attack ratings. On the other is simply the NATO or Warsaw Pact symbol so as to keep the enemy player in the dark about what exactly is out there until successfully detecting the enemy. The game comes with two 10-sided die and two six-sided die.Learning the game required a bit of head-scratching due to the poor rules organization. It's clear though that this was a good attempt at building a fun family game that tries to model the very basics of naval warfare. For those looking for anything more than beer and pretzels depth, this game will be a disappointment. Anyone who just likes the theme of the game and an afternoon of moving around cardboard submarines and ships is probably going to have a good time.Each turn is broken down into 6 steps. First, both players roll initiative by determining how many detection markers they get beyond the basic allotment of two each. Detection markers are played at various times during the turn to try and detect the enemy's units. The NATO player gets d10 worth of detection markers while the poor Soviets get only d6 detection markers. Whoever has more detection markers has the initiative.After that, the player with initiative decides who will move their ships first. If a ship moves into the same space as an enemy ship, the enemy has the choice of whether or not to play a detection marker to try and detect the enemy unit. If the opposing player decides not to play a detection marker, the moving player can just keep moving. However, if they do play a detection marker, the moving player can then play their detection markers too. If one or both sides detect the other, naval battle may ensue. Players have to decide whether their units will attack first or second as there are different benefits and drawbacks for each choice.The air movement phase comes next. If you want to launch your ASW aircraft or conduct an air raid against an enemy force, this is your chance to get those aircraft on to the board. In the final step, the battle phase, the players get another chance to play detection markers and fight it out again if they so wish. As you can see, much of the game is spent moving, rolling dice, and playing detection markers.It's deceptively simple but somehow it ends up being more than just the sum of its parts. I'm not sure if its the branding or the optional rules that allow for a more nuanced game (these optional rules include SSM missile defense, anti-aircraft doctrine, decoy submarines, SAMs and jamming to name a few). Judging from the rulebook and the amount of effort that went into designing a simple but fun and playable game of modern naval combat, I don't get the impression that this was a weak cash-in but rather a nicely put together board game that was primarily aimed at the dad-son crowd much more than a serious simulation of sorts.
Apple is being outsold in China, the world's largest handset market, by a company less than 1% its size, highlighting how the lack of low-cost products limits the iPhone-maker in emerging nations.
China Wireless Technologies is one of four domestic suppliers outselling Apple in China with smartphones tailored to the budget of the nation's budding middle class. Its Coolpad 8060 retails for 619 yuan -- or just under $100 -- less than 20% the price of the cheapest iPhone.
Liu Ruju, a 27-year-old lawyer in Heilongjiang province, has been using a Coolpad Cheer for six months. They said the device doesn't browse the Web as fast as he'd like, though at 658 yuan it offers features Apple can't match, including the ability to use more than one SIM card.
"I have one line for work and one line for personal use," Mr. Liu said. "The special things about this phone are that it's cheap and dual SIM."
China Wireless expects sales to rise 40% this year to 28 million phones, helped by low prices and new products such as fourth-generation handsets. Apple, whose smartphone has made it the world's most-profitable company, slipped to sixth place in China from fourth as it struggled to lure consumers earning an average of $577 a month.
"Apple, with its current stable of products, is unlikely to rank high as long as the general level of affluence in China is low," said Magdalene Choong, a Phillip Securities analyst in Singapore who rates Apple's shares as neutral.
Apple, which reports earnings later today in the U.S., is trying to boost sales by opening more stores, adding an installment payment plan and seeking a handset deal with China Mobile, the world's largest phone company by subscribers.
The company is also planning a smaller, cheaper version of the iPhone aimed at developing markets. The handset, costing somewhere between $99 and $149, would be introduced late this year at the earliest, a person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg News this month.
IPhones made up about 15% of all smartphones sold in the third quarter of 2012, down from 23 percent in the first three months, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Industries, citing market researcher IDC. Smartphone shipments may grow 28 percent this year, led by emerging markets.
Apple "needs to adapt to where the growth is," former Chief Executive Officer John Sculley said in a Jan. 15 interview with Bloomberg TV. "It's got to learn how to sell products that are priced for the price point that the emerging middle class in Asia, for example, can afford."
China smartphone shipments will rise 44% to 300 million units this year, driven by handsets costing about 700 yuan, IDC forecast Dec. 17. The Coolpad runs on Google's Android operating system and has a 4-inch touchscreen display.
"The low end will get cheaper and better," said Sandy Shen, a Gartner Inc. analyst in Shanghai. "If you talk about market share, then the high end will get smaller and smaller as the market expands."
Apple CEO Tim Cook visited China for the second time in a year earlier this month, meeting officials including China Mobile Chairman Xi Guohua. The carrier has 710 million wireless subscribers, or about 64% of the market. IPhones are only sold by China's second- and third-biggest operators -- China Unicom and China Telecom -- because China Mobile's network doesn't support the Apple product.
China Mobile's unique, domestically developed third-generation network would require changes to the iPhone. Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, gained the edge over its U.S. rival by adapting its handsets for the carrier's system.
China Mobile is testing a fourth-generation network that may enter commercial service later this year. The company said in September 2011 that Apple would produce an iPhone for the new 4G network. The two also need to agree on issues such as benefit-sharing, Chief Executive Officer Li Yue said last month.
China Wireless, formed in 1993, has sold phones through China Mobile and the nation's two other carriers for at least a decade. Those ties and experience give the company an advantage over Apple, which entered the market in 2009.
Apple's earnings report may show that fiscal first-quarter net income slipped 2 percent to $12.8 billion, according to analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg. China Wireless, by comparison, is projected to report $39 million in net income for the full year 2012.
The introduction of a less-expensive iPhone would dent earnings for China Wireless and other low-cost device makers in China, said Leping Huang, an analyst at Nomura International Hong Kong Ltd.
"Apple's next action will affect the whole industry," Ms. Huang said. "If it comes out with a cheaper iPhone, it will change a lot of market dynamics."
~Bloomberg News~
Following some bad press, Amazon is now cracking down on sales of shoddy USB-C cables.
According to the company's listings restrictions, any USB-C or USB Type-C cable or adapter not compliant with standards specifications issued by the USB Implementers Forum Inc. is prohibited from sale on Amazon.
The move comes after Google engineer Benson Leung took it upon themselves to review USB-C cables found on Amazon, many of which they considered shoddy or dangerous. For example, they posted a one-star review of Surjtech's 3M USB A-to-C cable, which they said caused serious damage to their laptop.
"On my [Chromebook] Pixel [2015], both USB Type-C ports stopped responding immediately," they wrote at the time. "Neither would charge nor act as a host when I plugged in a USB device such as an ethernet adapter."
The culprit, according to Leung, was a miswired cable; the accessory was not actually a USB 3.1 cord, despite a blue connector on the A side and SuperSpeed logos. "Upon closer analysis, serious damage has been done to components related to charging and managing the USB Type-C port's capabilities," they said in the Amazon review of the product, which was quickly pulled from Amazon.
In a Wednesday Google+ post, Leung said Amazon's ban is "Really great news, but we all have to continue to be vigilant and call out any bad products we find on Amazon and other stores (both online and brick-and-mortar) as we find them."
As Engadget points out, a loophole still allows for listings that sell off-brand cables, so customers should always read product reviews before making a purchase.
W1zzard said: What is new here is that apparently the gpu has some concept of virtual memory, like your cpu does. Think pagefile. This is completely transparent to the application.. Memory pages will be paged out automatically when memory get low, probably based on some recently used algorithm. When a page fault is generated by the gpu, the relevant pages are paged in by the gpu, automagically, but with higher latency.
So, in an essence, AMD has expanded the cache hierarchy. We have L1 and L2 on GPU itself, L3 is basically VRAM (I'm not aware of L3 being used on GPU's unlike with CPU's or is it?) and now they've added L4 which is system RAM. All this is usually controlled by algorithm/prediction based prefetchers.I mean, if this will be fully automatic without any need for special game code, it's gonna be nice and it's going to dramatically expand the usability of the graphic card over time as it ages and new demanding games come out with more memory needed to work. Sure it won't be as fast as having as much VRAm available at all times, but it won't be nearly as bad as running out of VRAM entirely. I know Win8/Win10 already does this to small extent, but I don't think not even nearly in such extent as VEGA will be doing it this.I mean, with Vega, my 32GB of system RAM will finally find a very good use. Because for games, not even 16GB is really needed. Meaning other 16GB is idling to itself most of the time. But Vega will be able to use that. I like the idea very much.
The BBC has revealed that it is to broadcast live select games from this year's World Cup in 4K, thanks to a trial with its research partner Arqiva.
Unfortunately for those that have spent money on expensive Ultra HD televisions, this broadcast is strictly for research so will be done behind closed doors.
In the trial, the Beeb will look to transmit live UHD streams over terrestrial TV and the internet - a method that points to how 4K will eventually be distributed in the future.
The tests will hopefully help the world's broadcasters to come to an agreement as to what will constitute global UHD standardisation.
The trial will mark the first time live UHD has been broadcast via terrestrial and IP in the UK but it's not the first live trial.
That was done by Sky back in September 2013, with TechRadar in attendance.
LONDON (Reuters) - Gold demand hit a five-year low last year as buying of jewellery, coins and bars failed to keep pace with 2013's elevated levels, particularly in major consumer China, the World Gold Council said on Thursday.
Gold bars and a Swiss Franc coin are seen in this illustration picture taken at the Austrian Gold and Silver Separating Plant 'Oegussa' in Vienna November 7, 2014. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
But the declining trend in demand, which has fallen every year since its 2011 peak, is likely to turn around in 2015, the WGC's managing director for investment, Marcus Grubb, said.
“In tonnage terms, we expect the market to come in somewhere between 4,100 tonnes and 4,200 tonnes in the full year (2015),” they said. “We see Indian demand rising, and I think you'll see a big improvement in China too.”
The 2014 drop in demand was limited by slower liquidation of bullion-backed funds, an uptick in official sector demand, and a recovery in Indian gold jewellery buying.
World gold demand fell 4 percent to 3,924 tonnes last year, the lowest annual total since 2009, according to the WGC data, prepared in conjunction with GFMS analysts at Thomson Reuters.
“We expect to see 400 tonnes taken off the market by the central banks this year,” Grubb said.
“Jewellery demand will also be a big driver in 2015, and if we see a stronger gold market, you will see an improvement in investment demand, which also means in the exchange-traded funds.”
Global gold jewellery buying fell 10 percent last year, while Chinese jewellery demand fell 33 percent to 623.5 tonnes.
Overall investment rose 2 percent to 905 tonnes from 885 tonnes, chiefly due to a sharp reduction in selling from
gold-backed ETFs to 159 tonnes from 880 tonnes in 2013.
Demand for gold coins and bars dropped 40 percent, declining 50 percent in China, 23 percent in the Middle East, 46 percent in Turkey and 31 percent in the United States.
Indian demand for coins and bars also fell 50 percent, but its jewellery buying rose by 8 percent to a record 662 tonnes, largely due to strong festival- and wedding-related demand in the fourth quarter.
Easing consumer demand was offset by a 16 percent rise in central bank buying to 477 tonnes last year. The bulk of
acquisitions were in Russia, with Kazakhstan and Iraq also seen buying.
On the supply side of the market, gold mine output rose 2 percent to a record 3,114 tonnes, while gold recycling fell to a seven-year low as prices XAU= struggled to recover from 2013's sharp drop. Overall supply was little changed.
Eric Musco have been updating the community on the official forums, about the changes that are coming to Commando's and Mercenary in game update 2.7. And I have to say this is great changes. Evening out the Full auto ticks was something I've wanted for so long too! I never understood how you open up with full auto and have shot probably 15 bolts at the target already and no damage has registered! If I had it my way (and I know this isn't Burger King), I would have it do damage every .5 seconds so that even if you get interrupted in any way, you get as much damage possible on the target up to the moment you get interrupted. Hopefully this brings us up to par with the new shiny assault spec. Check out the full announcement below:
Commando
Source
EricMusco Commando Changes Coming in 2.7 | 02.26.2014, 10:03 AM Hey folks, Here is a list of the currently planned changes for the Commando in 2.7: General Tech Override now has a base cooldown of 60 seconds.
Full Auto will now deal 4 ticks of damage instead of 3, with the first tick of damage occurring at ability activation. The total damage of the ability is unchanged, so each new tick of damage will do slightly less than before. Combat Medic Combat Shields is now a Tier 2 Skill.
Efficient Conversions is now a Tier 3 Skill. Gunnery Overclock now reduces the cooldown of Tech Override by 7.5/15.
Steadied Aim now prevents 50%/100% of pushbacks towards Full Auto, Charged Bolts and Grav Rounds.
Curtain of Fire now has a 33%/67%/100% chance to occur when using Grav Round or Charged Bolts.
Special Munitions will now reduce the cost of High Impact Bolt by 3/6/9 Heat/Ammo while in Armor Piercing Cell. Thanks everyone, see you on PTS! -eric
Mercenary
Source
EricMusco Mercenary Changes Coming in 2.7 | 02.26.2014, 10:03 AM Hey folks, Here is a list of the currently planned changes for the Mercenary in 2.7: General Power Surge now has a base cooldown of 60 seconds.
Unload will now deal 4 ticks of damage instead of 3, with the first tick of damage occurring at ability activation. The total damage of the ability is unchanged, so each new tick of damage will do slightly less than before. Bodyguard Power Shields is now a Tier 2 Skill.
Heat Dampening is now a Tier 3 Skill. Arsenal Power Overrides now reduces the cooldown of Power Surge/Tech Override by 7.5/15.
Stabilizers now prevents 50%/100% of pushbacks towards Unload, Power Shots and Tracer Missiles.
Barrage now has a 33%/67%/100% chance to occur when using Tracer Missile or Power Shot.
Upgraded Arsenal will now reduce the cost of Rail Shot by 3/6/9 Heat while in High Velocity Gas Cylinder. Thanks everyone, see you on PTS! -eric
(Visited 233 times, 1 visits today)
As it turns out, it's time for another round of hobby magazine scans from Japan! August's issue of Figure Oh! has plenty to offer giving us another look at Masterpiece Star Saber and our first good look at the smaller Saber robot, A Bathing Ape's exclusive MP-10 Convoy in green, new images of Transformers Expo Nemesis Prime and black Grimlock, TRU Japan exclusive Optimus Prime Rusty Vers., and let's not forget the new Campaign Micron Astrotrain – a translucent purple recolor of Generations Payload!
Similar to the original toy, Masterpiece Saber has both an individual robot mode and jet mode, and also combines with a large body/jet booster to form Star Saber. It does not appear, however, that Saber has their own Brainmaster figure.
Astrotrain will be given out at Toys R Us stores in Japan for any customer who makes a 3,000 yen or more Transformers purchase.
Click here to see and discuss the scans. Source: 2chan.
Like this: Like Loading...
Being the equal-opportunity Heartless Bitches that we are, we'd like to note that if you reverse the genders, this works equally well for creating an Evil Step Father.
Time was that children's behavior in the classroom reflected on their “upbringing” and parents were expected to reinforce an accepted truth that “teacher knows best.” But today's parents are just as likely to see the teacher as the problem — a view that has been reinforced by presidents who accuse teachers of leaving more than a few children behind, governors who want to eliminate their collective bargaining and mayors who want to be rid of laws that protect teachers who have been in their jobs the longest.
It was conversations about what to do with lousy teachers that led to some of the new parental measures.Linda Lawson, a Democratic state representative from Indiana, visited a local high school being threatened with closure for poor performance. “Any kind of problem in an academic setting, and people blame the teachers,” they recalled hearing over and over again. “They say things like ‘If teachers were more responsive ... didn't have the summers off ... worked an eight-hour day ...' But no one looks at the parents.”
In Florida, State Representative Kelli Stargel, a Republican, was hearing the same things. “Teachers were telling us: ‘We can only do so much in the classroom. We have no control over what happens with these kids at home,' ” they said.
Ms. Lawson's answer was to introduce a bill requiring parents to spend three hours each semester volunteering either in the school building or at a school-related function. They cast it as an antibullying measure, though it would not just apply to parents of bullies. The purpose, they said, was to increase parent-teacher interaction, giving teachers a chance to talk to parents and giving parents a better sense of the rhythms and requirements of the school.
Ms. Stargel, in turn, came up with a more startling piece of legislation: a requirement to grade parents on their involvement in their child's education, and to post that grade on the child's report card. Mom and Dad skip the parent-teacher conferences? “Unsatisfactory.” Send their child to class properly dressed, fed and with the proper supplies? “Satisfactory.” Are spotty in the checking of homework? “Need improvement.”
Photo
Both bills faced resistance from parents. “We don't feel that the teacher having to grade the parent is really going to improve that relationship,” Cindy Gerhardt, the president of the Florida PTA, said tartly during hearings.
They also became bogged down in the problem of definitions. For example: What counts as involvement at school? Selling popcorn at a sporting event? Doing building repairs on weekends? And how do you define good or bad parenting — worthy of a passing or failing grade? Is the mother who sends a child to school with a Pop-Tart in hand a “needs improvement” parent or an “unsatisfactory” one? (Or maybe they deserve a medal for getting anything into the child at all.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And how do you score the one whose children always have their homework completed because, as it turns out, the parent did most of the work? Or the one whose child shows up with assignments undone, because the parent wants the child to learn the consequences of slacking off?
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The parent-participation bill in Indiana did not even get a hearing this session. The Florida parent report-card bill was discussed but never brought to a vote. Neither lawmaker is giving up, though. Both plan to revise their proposals over the summer and reintroduce them in the fall. In the next iteration, Ms. Stargel said: “We are going to stick to things we can measure. We can't actually ‘fail' parents. All we are really aiming to do is identify those parents who aren't doing all they should so we can intervene.”
But other states have already enacted laws aimed at improving parenting. Alaska fines parents for a child's truancy. In California, a misdemeanor charge can be brought against a parent if the truancy is flagrant enough. California is also the first state to allow judges to order parents to attend parenting classes if their child belongs to a gang. The goal, said the bill's sponsor, Assemblyman Tony Mendoza, a Democrat, is to help parents navigate the minefield of adolescence. The new law took effect in January, and early reports indicate that attendance at the classes is sparse.
That is not surprising, said Diane Ravitch, an education historian and the author of “The Death and Life of the Great American School System.” Yes, parenting can be “taught” Dr. Ravitch said, but not this way.
“If we could just find the right person to punish,” they said of the philosophy behind too many education reform plans. “Punish the teachers. Punish the parents. It's Dickensian. What we should be doing instead is giving a helping hand.”
“Parenting education needs to begin when a woman is pregnant,” Dr. Ravitch said. “The window is open from prenatal days until age 5. And we need to acknowledge that the root problem is poverty.”
In the end, then, all these “punish the parents” paradigms will probably take their historical place as just one more shift of the pendulum in the sweep that already includes contradictory certainties like “children are being allowed to grow up too quickly” and “children are being infantilized too long.” Like every other new way of thinking, it will eventually be looked on as a well-intentioned but flawed reflection of a moment in time.
Standing in that moment, though, does punishing the parents seem to make sense?
a) No, it won't make any difference.
b) At least it's worth a shot.
Energia is an open-source electronics prototyping platform started by Robert Wessels in January of 2012 with the goal to bring the Wiring and Arduino framework to the Texas Instruments MSP430 based LaunchPad. The Energia IDE is cross platform and supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux. Energia uses the mspgcc compiler by Peter Bigot and is based on the Wiring and Arduino framework. Energia includes an integrated development environment (IDE) that has it's foundation in the Processing IDE (Processing→Wiring→Arduino→Energia). Energia is also a portable framework/abstraction layer that can be used in other popular IDEs. Utilize a web browser based environment with Texas Instruments CCS Cloud at dev.ti.com or TI's powerfull CCS Desktop IDE.
The foundation of Energia and Arduino is the Wiring framework that was developed by Hernando Barragan. The framework is thoughtfully created with designers and artists in mind to encourage a community where both beginners and experts from around the world share ideas, knowledge and their collective experience. The Energia team adopts the philosophy of learning by doing and strives to make it easy to work directly with the hardware. Professional engineers, entrepreneurs, makers, and students can all benefit from the ease of use Energia brings to the microcontroller.
Energia started out to bring the Wiring and Arduino framework to the Texas Instruments MSP430 LaunchPad. Texas Instruments offers a MSP430, MSP432x, TM4C, C2000, CC32xx and CC13xx LaunchPad. The LaunchPad is a low-cost microcontroller board that is made by Texas Instruments. The latest release of Energia supports the majority of the LaunchPad product offerings. Energia introduces a
Together with Energia, LaunchPad can be used to develop interactive objects, taking inputs from a variety of switches or sensors, and controlling a variety of lights, motors, and other physical outputs. LaunchPad projects can be stand-alone (only run on the Target Board, i.e. your LaunchPad), or they can communicate with software running on your computer (Host PC). You can also add wireless modules to enable communication over various types of RF including Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth, Zigbee, cellular, and more.
This story appears in the March 2017 issue of National Geographic magazine.
Built in the sixth century at the foot of Mount Sinai in Egypt, St. Catherine's Monastery is the world's oldest such institution in continuous use. Its library preserves hundreds of manuscripts collected during medieval times—classical texts, scriptures, and other documents of interest to the monks. But it turns out that people recycled the pages of some of those manuscripts, erasing texts they no longer needed. Since 2011 the monastery has been working to recover some of those long-lost erasures using modern digital technology.
About half of the library's manuscripts were written on parchment, the specially prepared skin of a calf, goat, or sheep. Parchment can be recycled by scraping off any ink and writing on the fresh surface. The old text isn't entirely gone, though. It remains embedded in the page as a ghostly shadow, which can be resurrected with a technique called multispectral imaging, designed to peer into both visible and invisible wavelengths of light.
So far the imaging has revealed some 6,800 hidden pages in 74 of the monastery's 163 recycled parchments, called palimpsests. “We have identified erased texts in 10 languages that date from the fifth to the 12th centuries,” says Michael Phelps, the director of the recovery effort. In the example above, a text in Syriac overlays a ninth-century translation of a page from a medical treatise by the ancient Greco-Roman physician known as Galen.
The animal agriculture industry has some very deep pockets, and in them sits a fair number of elected officials and leaders of government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). For years and years, this has enabled factory farms to be extremely negligent and destructive when it comes to the environment and public health. But finally, this week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit stood up for the people, and that decision couldn't have come soon enough.
Try as they might with ag-gag laws and other controversial ploys, the word is out about the devastating cruelty and inhumanity that is inflicted upon the millions upon millions of animals who are tortured and exploited on factory farms each year. But the industry has been more successful at obscuring its impact on human health and climate change, and the consequences of this have been massive.
Advertisement
The problem largely lies in a byproduct of commercial livestock and poultry production – that being the 500 million tons of feces that is produced by factory farmed animals each year. There are at least 4.9 million cows held captive on these farms at any given time, and each one can excrete more than 100 pounds of manure a day. Add to that the waste of more than 62.9 million pigs and nine billion (yes, a billion with a “b”) chickens, and you can see how out of control this byproduct has become.
So massive is this volume of crap, in fact, that the world's fertilizer needs could be met countless times over, and so the industry must find other ways of disposing of it all. Typically, this involves piling it into huge sheds, spreading it across surrounding fields, spraying it into the air and/or dumping it into huge open-air lagoons. Runoff from these piles and fields, and ruptures or leaks from these plastic-lined, human-made cesspools called lagoons, are common.
As a result, local waterways and groundwater wells frequently become polluted with phosphorus and nitrogen, as well as toxic microorganisms like Pfiesteria piscicida. These pollutants spark algae growth and kill aquatic species in spades. They can also kill human infants and fetuses, as high nitrate levels in drinking water have been linked to spontaneous abortions and increased risk of methemoglobinemia, or “blue-baby syndrome.”
On top of all that is the public's increased exposure to antibiotics fed to factory farm animals in order to stem the many diseases that spread when they are kept cramped in such tight quarters. This is causing a whole slew of problems for human health and disease resistance.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Moreover, in addition to polluting our water, these operations are also responsible for tons of dangerous gas emissions that foul our air with as many as 400 different harmful substances. In addition to particulate matter, these include:
The Center for Disease Control (CDC) also cites mental health deterioration among people living near factory farms and that children raised in these communities are more likely to develop asthma or bronchitis.
Advertisement
For years, the EPA has exempted factory farms from the pollution reporting laws that other industries must follow – laws designed to inform and protect the public. But, thankfully, that is changing now that the D.C. Circuit Court has ruled that we have a right to know about the massive amounts of toxic emissions that come from industrial animal facilities.
While this is a huge step in the right direction, it doesn't actually put a stop to the colossal amounts of pollution stemming from this industry. It seems the only way we can stop that is by ending our support for the animal agriculture industry as a whole, which means leaving these animal products off our forks and plates.
Advertisement
You can start eating for the planet by doing nothing more than choosing a delicious plant-based meal over one laden with animal products. If you look at it from a personal perspective, you can cut your own carbon footprint in half just by leaving meat off your plate for one year. (Plus save a lot of water, redirect grain for people to eat, and help protect endangered species…)
You can #EatForThePlanet starting today. Just follow the three simple steps below.
1. Replace: Try to swap animal-based products in your daily diet with vegan alternatives (milk, butter, mayo, cheese, grilled chicken, beef crumbles, sausages, cold cuts, etc.)
2. Embrace: Add plant-based whole foods (local and organic when possible) to your diet like greens, fresh fruits, and vegetables, whole grains, plant proteins like lentils, nuts/seeds, beans, tofu, etc.
3. Moderate: Limit consumption of your favorite meats like beef, lamb, pork, etc.
Advertisement
“The #EatForThePlanet Way is not about restricting your diet, but about changing the way you think about your food choices,” says Zacharias. “When you Eat for the Planet, you make the conscious decision to reduce your negative impact on the world around you.”
We all have the power to create a better future for our children, and the countless animals we share the planet with, by making one easy swap. If you're ready to start doing this in your own life, check out One Green Planet's #EatForThePlanet campaign.
Click on the graphic below for more information
Image source: steve estvanik/Shutterstock
Alaskans were split on two ballot measures Tuesday, voting in favor of one that would automatically register voters when applying for the Permanent Fund dividend and against another to allow the state to borrow money for student loans.
The first ballot measure, which was passing by a wide margin, automatically registers qualified Alaskans to vote when applying for a Permanent Fund dividend. Supporters noted it could capture tens of thousands of voters who qualify for the dividend and are eligible to vote but have not registered. Individuals could later choose to register for a party or opt out.
With all but 10 precincts reporting statewide early Wednesday, the measure was passing with 64 percent of the vote.
The measure was endorsed by a broad range of interest groups, including Alaska Native organizations, the American Civil Liberties Union of Alaska, oil company BP and Alaska U.S. Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan.
Proponents of the measure raised over $1.3 million to pay for the campaign. The biggest backers include the National Education Association, the teachers union, and the New Venture Fund, a Washington, D.C.-based foundation that supports global development and health projects, conservation and climate change initiatives and education programs.
No official opposition group formed to oppose the measure. However, it drew criticism from some Republicans who questioned its costs. A state estimate shows implementation could cost up to $1 million in the first year and an additional $300,000 annually.
But supporters contend the measure would actually save the state between $200,000 and $300,000 in reduced paperwork for voter registrars in the Alaska Division of Elections.
Kim Reitmeier, co-chair of the group backing the initiative, said people have also raised concerns about the measure being tied to the dividend. They said news related to the dividend — such as the veto by Gov. Bill Walker that cut dividends in half — has led to some skepticism from voters concerned the measure could affect the annual PFD payout.
"In no way or fashion does this have any effect on your PFD," they said. "All it is is synchronizing the system, adding more safeguards and having our government work smarter."
On Tuesday night, Reitmeier said they were "optimistic and happy" about the outcome of the race. They said they hope that the bipartisan momentum the campaign built continues in other election reform efforts moving forward.
"It feels like more people are engaged in voting," they said. "Now we've got to figure out how to keep that going."
Suzanne Downing, writer of the conservative Must Read Alaska blog and communications director for the Alaska Republican Party, noted the party took no official stance on the measure. When asked why no formal opposition ever formed, Downing said the party "didn't have the bandwidth" to organize given the other more contentious races.
"You have to pick and choose your battles," they said in a phone interview Monday.
The second ballot measure would have amended the Alaska Constitution to allow the state to issue general obligation bonds for postsecondary student loans from the state.
That means the Alaska Student Loan Corp., which distributes postsecondary loans for college and trade school to Alaskans, could potentially sell general obligation bonds using the state's credit. Eagle River Republican Sen. Anna MacKinnon said that could mean lower interest rates for student borrowers.
MacKinnon's measure had broad support in the Alaska House and Senate with only Sen. Bert Stedman, R-Sitka, and Rep. Lynn Gattis, R-Wasilla, voting against the resolution.
MacKinnon said in a phone interview Monday that approving the measure would mean no additional burden to taxpayers in Alaska as borrowers would still be required to pay back their loans. It secures a different line of financing for the student loan corporation.
But there was little to no outreach about the ballot measure. It was failing 56 percent to 44 percent early Wednesday with 98 percent of the precincts statewide reporting.
In an interview Tuesday night, MacKinnon said they understand people are concerned about debt at both the local and national levels and thinks that concern and the lack of publicity for the measure factored in to why Alaskans appeared to vote it down.
A loan through the corporation is currently set at fixed rate interest of 6.25 percent, though that fluctuates from year to year according to Stephanie Butler, executive director of the Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education. Butler said the measure could reduce the interest rate by a percent and increase the number of students who would have access to the loans by lowering credit requirements of borrowers.
I just got a telephone call from a service scheduler informing me that the replacement R410 motherboard I received several weeks ago contains spyware in its embedded systems management firmware, and wanting to schedule an additional service call for a tech to come clean it off.
Unfortunately since the person calling was non-technical, they were unable to provide a lot of details. But I do believe the call to be legitimate as they had the service tag of one of my systems which did indeed receive a motherboard replacement recently.
Does Dell have an official article documenting this issue and laying out further details and the potential risks? Obviously it causes me grave concern be informed of a vulnerability but not have all of the technical details, especially when they asked to be able to schedule the service call to resolve the issue at least ten business days in the future.
On January 4, a 65-year-old grandmother in Manchester, New Hampshire, shot a man who followed their home from the gas station.
The incident occurred just after 11:30 p.m.
Speaking on WFEA Radio, the grandmother — who is remaining unidentified by their choice — left work late at night, stopped by a gas station to put fuel in their car, then began driving home with an unknown vehicle following them Along the way, the vehicle behind them moved erratically but remained behind them through turns and stops.
When the grandma pulled in “the lower parking lot where [she] lives” they said a little voice inside their head told them to grab their gun from inside the car and put it into their pocket, and they did. They then exited their car to watch as the vehicle “came up the corner and stopped.” They then heard someone exit the car.
That individual — whom they described as a tall male — got in front of the grandmother as they walked to their apartment, stood in their path, and allegedly demanded their purse. The grandma said, “As soon as they moved their left arm to touch me I shot him.”
The grandmother said their gun is “always locked and loaded.”
After they shot the man, the grandma then said a female driver exited the vehicle and came running up to defend the would-be robber. The grandmother said the driver kept saying they needed to take the alleged robber to a hospital. CBS Boston reports that 23-year-old Michael Bontaites, “of Manchester… was charged [with attempted robbery] and arraigned Tuesday at Elliot Hospital.”
While speaking with WFEA, the grandmother talked about Obama's executive gun control, saying they know they have a plan to disarm some Social Security beneficiaries, but they say it isn't going to happen. Grandma said, “Trying to literally take our guns away? It'll never happen. He's not going to take our guns away.”
The grandmother said they plan to vote for Donald Trump.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Dan Mullan/Getty Images
The Miami Dolphins placed the transition tag on defensive end Olivier Vernon earlier in March but decided to allow Vernon to become a free agent after agreeing to terms with Mario Williams, per Omar Kelly of the South Florida Sun Sentinel.
Now, Vernon is on the move after agreeing to a major contract.
Continue for updates.
Vernon Signs with Giants
Wednesday, March 9
Vernon is headed to the New York Giants, per Adam Schefter of ESPN and Mike Garafolo of Fox Sports.
Ian Rapoport of NFL Network reported the deal is worth $85 million over five years with $52.5 million guaranteed.
Charles Robinson of Yahoo Sports first reported on Monday that the Giants were interested in Vernon.
Jaguars Were Interested in Vernon
Wednesday, March 9
Jeff Darlington of NFL Network reported the Jacksonville Jaguars were involved with Vernon since their transitional tag was reportedly removed.
Dolphins Reportedly Remove Vernon's Transition Tag
Wednesday, March 9
ESPN's Adam Schefter and NFL Network's Albert Breer reported the Dolphins pulled Vernon's transition tag, allowing them to become a free agent. Schefter expects Vernon "will command big dollars."
Breer added: "Miami can get a 2017 comp pick for [Vernon] now—which could be as high as a third-rounder. Couldn't if they had the tag on him."
Vernon Comments on Status with Dolphins
Wednesday, March 9
Vernon posted a column on The MMQB revealing that they likely won't be re-signing with the Dolphins:
I honestly thought the Dolphins and I would be able to work out a deal. I thought we would find something to agree on. So I didn't know I was going to hit the free agent market until the day I got the transition tag. It all came down to the stipulations with the salary cap in Miami; they don't have much room to maneuver. Once I understood that, it started to sink in a little bit, that I probably won't be here. I'm 25 years old, and for the first time in my life I probably won't be playing football in Miami.
Market 'Robust' for Vernon
Monday, March 7
Robinson reported the Oakland Raiders, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns and Tennessee Titans were all possible destinations for Vernon.
Vernon Has Earned Big-Money Deal
The 25-year-old logged 7.5 sacks and 61 combined tackles last season and, per Spotrac, stands to make $12.734 million in salary for the 2016 campaign.
A native of Miami, Vernon thrived playing for their hometown team. They have done enough to earn a multiyear payday, and since the Dolphins have lost him, they'll be down a key pass-rusher from a team that finished tied for 25th with only 31 sacks in 2015.
NFL Salary-Cap Room As of Monday, March 7 League Rank Team Cap Space 1 Jacksonville Jaguars $83,236,096 2 Oakland Raiders $65,387,576 3 San Francisco 49ers $62,929,755 4 New York Giants $56,629,617 5 Tampa Bay Buccaneers $53,708,192 6 Tennessee Titans $47,747,324 9 Cleveland Browns $42,258,470 22 Miami Dolphins $19,419,619 Source: Spotrac.com
Salary cap information courtesy of Spotrac.com.
London Will Open Its First Naked Restaurant. 5,000 Already On Waiting List
London will open its first naked restaurant and 5,000 people have already signed up on the waiting list. With each passing day, the list keeps getting more and more crowded so we can expect it to be a big hit!
The Bunyadi will be London's first naked restaurant and the buzz around this place has already gone through the roof. The restaurant will open this summer and the place is supposed to be unlike anything you have ever experienced before.
‘Enter a secret Pangea-like world,' as written on the official website, ‘free from phones, electric lights and even clothing (optional) and revisit the beginning where everything was fresh, free and unadulterated from the trappings of modern life.'
The Bunyadi is named after a Hindi word meaning ‘base' or ‘natural' and it will have a naked and a non-naked section. “The idea is to experience true liberation,” according to founder Seb Lyall. “We have worked very hard to design a space where everything patrons interact with is bare and naked. The use of natural bamboo partitions and candlelight has enabled to us to make the restaurant discreet, whilst adhering to the ethos behind it.”
We really can't wait for this place to open and we will definitely try to sneak in and give you a real and honest review about how eating naked and surrounded by other naked people are actually like. Sounds pretty intriguing if you ask us…
“No doubt, this has been the most challenging project for us yet, which makes us very excited about it.” Seb Lyall added.
When and where are you booking your next dinner?
(Source)
PHILADELPHIA—A voting panel of journalists and prominent sports figures elected the D battery to the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame Sunday, honoring the alkaline storage cell's many achievements in pelting players from visiting teams. “The D battery is as synonymous with Philadelphia sports as intoxicated fistfights, cheering for a severely injured player, or intentionally vomiting on a child,” said Philadelphia sportswriter Ray Didinger, adding that the Hall of Fame plans to install an interactive exhibit that allows children to throw batteries at life-size cutouts of rival athletes. “Whipping the D battery at opposing players, coaches, or dumbshit referees is a crucial part of the experience for Philly fans. No other projectile has had the same impact on Phillies, Eagles, Flyers, or 76ers games. The D battery is an icon, representing the very best of Philly.” The D battery will be inducted into the Philadelphia Hall of Fame by longtime Eagles season ticket holder Drunk Tony, where it will join two of last year's inductees, the glass beer bottle and the concept of booing.
Advertisement
COMMUNITY PATRONS Earl and Belinda Ament
Justin and Jennifer Andrews
Betty Ault
Tony and Ann Beale
Christi Beazley
Charles and Marcia Bernheisel
Sam and Cindy Bigler
Dorsey and Helen Bingaman
Jay and Doris Breneman
Rebecca Brown
Ronald and Dolores Buckwalter
James and Nancy Burkholder
Elwood Cauler
Clayton and Dorothy Charles
Joseph and Karen Choppa
Neal Compton
Mary Corcoran
John and June Crisp
Gaynel and Steve Daugherty
Mary Davis
Caleb Deibert
Carol Dejewski
Peter, Karen and Andrew Doershuk
Barbara and Lawrence Douglas
Scott and Lisa Douglas
Jeff Eberly
Charles and Linda Egge
Karen and Kim Eichelberger
Brian Eltz
James and Marie Eshleman
Kristy Eves
Mary Fetter
Thomas and Sara Files
Richard Frerichs
Del Garbini
Rosalie Gessner
John Gibaud
Catherine “Kitty” Glass
Joseph and Susan Glass
Damian and Deborah Gorman
Jacob Harnish
David and Brenda Haverstick
Samuel and Kathleen Hernandez
Jay and Doris Herr
Earl and Gladys Herr
Paul Herr
Jim and Colette Hipolit
Edward and Lori Hockenberry
Susan and Marty Hohenadel
Barbara and Steve Husted
John and Nancy Jenkins
Bill Kiely
Richard King
Doris Koehler
Fay Kramer
Bill and Helen Kreider
Anne LaPierre
Sylvia Lashley
Robert and Mary Lehr
Anne Mannion
Lewis Martin
Dianna Martin
Donald McCann
Kathy McGarrity
Carolyn Miller
Traci Minnick
Richard & Margaret Moriarty
Harry Murray
Bob and Elaine Muschlitz
John Newton
Larry and Cass Oreszko
Elaine and William Pease
Mark Phillips
Edwin and Jeanne Pruitt
C. Frederick Ralston
Alice Redcay
Eunice Reinhart
Harold and Dora Rhodes
Jenny and Jim Riccio
Karen Rockey
John and Pat Rohrer
John Roth
Betty Sauder
Dennis and Pat Seibert
Theresa Sekula
Charles Scharnberger
Jeannie and Todd Sikora
Clinton Slonaker
James Stager
Harry and Carol Stigelman
John and Joan Stipe
W. David Sykes
Kenneth Taylor
Pansy Testerman
Ernest and Lois Thomas
Glenn and Barbara Ulmer
Van Van Le
Martha Warfel
Doris Weaver
Karen Young
Beverly Zbiek-Beam
An 18-year-old Indigenous woman is up for a prestigious political award, thanks in part to CBC's Rick Mercer.
Kakeka Thundersky has been selected as a finalist for the 2016 Everyday Political Citizen award from Samara Canada.
The teen has organized clothing drives for Siloam Mission and the Salvation Army, delivered Christmas hampers through The Winnipeg Christmas Cheer Board and volunteered with Got Bannock?, a group that prepares and hands out healthy meals on the streets of Winnipeg.
"Thunderbird House holds a special place in my heart too," they said. "It brings people together. I love it there … I noticed how much of an impact they were having, and I wanted to be a part of that."
Thundersky said a difficult upbringing made them realize how important it was to volunteer.
"We often didn't have much money, much food. I have a bunch of siblings," they said. "Christmas Cheer Board would come in and help make Christmas a little bit less stressful … Now that I'm currently not in those times, I can help them."
Raven Thundersky, Kakeka's mother, passed away last year after battling cancer. (Supplied) They said they were also inspired by their mom, Raven Thundersky, who died last year after a battle with cancer
"She was an activist in Winnipeg, an anti-asbestos activist and they did a lot for Sisters in Spirit, for missing and murdered indigenous women, so I had a lot of influence from my mom growing up," said Thundersky, who also lost their dad last year.
"It was really tough. You know, you lose both of your parents. Eventually, as time went on, I was just thinking, 'I can't just sit there. I can't just be sad all the time.' I guess I started giving back even more," they said.
She's now one of 20 finalists for the Samara Canada award and is the only Winnipeg candidate.
Thundersky was nominated by their sister, and Mercer later selected them as a finalist.
"To take action like this, to become a leader among your peers when even at the best of times it is so easy to retreat into your own world, is something I greatly admire," Mercer said in a release.
Kakeka Thundersky was nominated by their sister, and Rick Mercer later selected them as a finalist. The non-partisan charity recognizes citizen works in politics, and the judging panel is made up of big Canadian names including Margaret Atwood and Cindy Blackstock.
"It's kind of weird having Rick Mercer pick you as a finalist, so it was really surprising," they said. "It's kind of weird being nominated for any award, especially this one."
Kakeka is currently studying at the University of Winnipeg to become a teacher. They hope to teach in an Ojibway-immersion program in the future.
"I always try to be a role model because I have two younger sisters," they said. "I want my two little sisters to succeed."
The winner of the prize will be announced on Dec. 8.
The first game on Fig is Outer Wilds, a trippy space exploration and, uh, camping game. It's pretty dope.
For the last few years, Kickstarter and other crowdfunding initiatives have begun to shake up the traditional funding model for game production. Games like FTL, Broken Age, and Shadowrun Returns proved that crowdfunding could work (though not without its fair share of bumps in the road). But Kickstarter has limits: Even though some campaigns have used rhetoric about fan "investment", fans backers can only ever donate to a project, never technically invest in the product or company.
Enter Fig, a new crowdfunding service that offers its users both Kickstarter-style donation options and the option of investing in a game, allowing users to receive a cut of the sales when it goes to market. Sort of. It's actually a lot more complicated than that, so let me try to break it down as best as I can.
Wait, why doesn't Kickstarter already do this?
A few big reasons, I think. First of all, Kickstarter is about generating a lot of money from many small donations: hundreds or thousands of backers give projects $15-$100. That's not nothing, but the actual payout on an investment that size isn't always meaningful.
Second, while anyone can invest in publicly traded companies, the laws around private investment are complicated and (until recently) haven't really been crowdfunding friendly. Much of private investment happens in what the Security and Exchange Commission calls Regulation D offerings. For companies looking for some cash, "Reg D" investments are cheaper and easier to set up than "going public," but there are also a lot of requirements that an investor needs to meet in order to be legally cleared to invest. In order for an individual to be an "accredited investor," they need to either have $1M in net worth (not including the value of their primary home), or to have reported an income of at least $200k over the previous two years (or a combined household income of $300k). Proving this is complicated, and Kickstarter has always been about quick, simple pledges. (A new, more accessible type of private offering has recently been allowed, though, and I'll get into that in a bit.)
Third, it's just less profitable to give backers financial stake in a project. Investors get paid, and that cuts into the bottom line. So if a company can raise the production cost of a game via what amounts to pre-orders, merchandise sales, and donations, that's simply preferable. Kickstarter campaigns just don't target investors looking for return, they target fans excited for remakes of classic games or intrigued by new, innovative titles.
Who can use Fig to invest into games?
As of right now? The same "accredited investors" that could privately invest in any other Regulation D investment. Fig just acts as sort of project curator and clearing house for projects looking for investment. Fig does say, however, that "in the future everyone will be able to participate."
What? How?
In the last year, a new sort of investment opportunity was approved by the SEC, "Regulation A+". This is just an educated guess, but my suspicion is that fig will begin to utilize these Reg A+ offerings. This new regulation still has some restrictions regarding total investment amount, but it does open things up to interested people who aren't "accredited investors." That said, so far, not many companies have begun to specialize in these offerings.
Why?
Again, a few reasons. It's more expensive to set up a Reg A+ offering than a Reg D one. Plus there isn't really a big "culture" of this sort of investment yet, and there isn't a secondary market for these investments. (Which is to say, there isn't a place yet where I can take my Reg A+ investment and sell it or trade it to someone else.) Fig strikes me as a company that wants to reduce the overhead in using Reg A+ by specializing in that sort of offering. But again, that's total speculation.
What are "investors" on Fig actually investing in? The game? The developer?
Neither. Fig's Help page notes that "Investors will own an interest in a share of the game's sales. Fig sets up a specific limited liability company, which investors will hold an interest in, per game to accomplish this." There's a minimum investment of $1,000, and Investors don't have any interest in the developers, and they don't own a piece of the game's IP. This means that they don't get a cut (say) of any sequel to the game. And I'd bet that it helps to shield developers from investor demands a bit, too.
Ahhh, there's nothing like camping at night. A roaring fire, a telescope, the breaching heat of massive sun a few hundred meters away. What a life.
So what's the use case here?
Right now, there are people who are accredited investors, but who might not have the contacts or expertise to invest in a game. Or maybe they have those things, but just don't know what game to put their money behind. Fig seems like it wants to get the attention of those folks.
There are also a lot of people who like games and have high income, but who still don't qualify as "accredited investors." Imagine you make $150k a year, and you see an independent game that you think is really going to take off. Right now, there's no easy way for you to privately invest in that game. Changing regulations (and Fig) seem to want to shake that up.
Oh, there are also regular crowdfunders who aren't looking to buy stake in the game's sales. They can use fig to "support" games they're interested, too.
So can I just list a game on Fig?
Nah. You can "pitch" them your project, though. There's an advisory board that will look over the pitches and choose one or two projects a month to list on the site. By the way, that board? Right now it's Tim Schafer, Feargus Urquhart, Brian Fargo, and Aaron Isaksen. Some pretty big names, each of which has had their own experience with crowdfunding.
So, like, what do you think?
Real talk? I don't know. I'm torn? I think I like it.
When Oculus Rift (which received $2.4 million from its Kickstarter campaign in 2013) was purchased by Facebook for $2 billion last summer, some early supporters voiced frustration that they wouldn't (and couldn't) get a cut. Lots of people rolled their eyes at those angry folks. Hey, they knew what they were getting into, right? And technically, that's not wrong. But that frustration only felt like the tip of the iceberg to me.
The deeper thing, the thing worth being upset about, was the fact that even though we now had technology which enabled lots of people spread all across the world to financially collaborate on pipe dreams and passion projects, that technology was only being used to sell us stuff. Crowdfunding services like Kickstarter have been a new method for companies to reduce their risk by offloading it in a big way onto consumers, and to do that without needing to reward that support when their bet paid off.
The "backer," the "crowdfunder." This was a new sort of consumer class. We were offered the initial excitement of investment without the long tail reward. And hey, we got some good games from it! But it never really sat well with me that "backing" was our only option to support these games. If we're figuring out how to combine our wealth to pursue cool new projects, I'd love for us to actually do that in a way that helps us to improve our own financial standing, too. You know, the way "accredited investors" can.
At the same time, I do understand the intention behind the SEC regulations around private investment. Most of us do not have a lot of money to play with, and we all can't withstand the blow of a big, failed investment. If that happened to a lot of folks all at once, well, that would be a bad look for the overall economy.
But as it stands, Kickstarter doesn't protect users from risk anyway: There is never full assurance that crowdfunders will get what they paid for, and it's up to those same backers to take action if they don't. When a Kickstarter project receives its funding but can't fulfill the promises made, the campaign creator must "make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers." And if they don't do that, it's up to the backers to pursue legal action--which is a pretty expensive and time consuming process.
This stuff is complicated, and it's one more reminder that the game industry sits in a huge web of other factors and influences, many of which are hard to predict or understand. The development of Regulation A+ offerings meant that this day was coming one way or another; there's no putting the genie back in the bottle. And as far as a first entrant into this process goes, Fig seems alright. I like the service's focused design, and I think that a curated platform is a good test bed for this stuff. But I also know that a lot can go wrong when new ground is broken. And now that Fig's gone live, I have to imagine that other services will be rushing to offer similar services.
So let me turn it around on you: What do you think of all of this?
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The first mobile telephone using Google's Android software has been unveiled. The T-Mobile G1 handset will be available in the UK in time for Christmas. The first device to run the search giant's operating system will feature a touch screen as well as a Qwerty keyboard. It will be available for free on T-Mobile tariffs of over £40 a month and includes unlimited net browsing. Other features include a three megapixel camera, a 'one click' contextual search and a browser that users can zoom in on by tapping the screen. The handset will be wi-fi and 3G enabled and has built-in support for YouTube. Users will also have access the so-called Android Market, where they will be able to download a variety of applications. Prototypes The T-Mobile G1 is the first phone to use Android Google announced its plans for the Android phone software in November 2007 with a declared aim of making it easier to get at the web while on the move. To help develop Android, Google also unveiled the Open Handset Alliance - a partnership of more than 30 firms that would work to make phone software easier to work with. The group includes operators such as Telefonica, handset makers such as HTC and Motorola as well as chipmakers such as Intel and Qualcomm. Many of the partners demonstrated early prototype Android phones at the Mobile World Congress held in Barcelona in mid-February. The idea behind Android is to do for phone software what the open source Linux software has done for PCs. Developers of phone software can get at most of the core elements of the Android software to help them write better applications. Smartphones However, in launching Android, Google faces stiff competition from established players such as Nokia with its Symbian software and Microsoft with its Mobile operating system. More recently Apple has been gaining customers with its much hyped iPhone. The Android software is squarely aimed at the smartphone segment of the handset market which adds sophisticated functions to the basic calling and texting capabilities of most phones. Current estimates suggest that only 12-13% of the all handsets can be considered smartphones.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The perfect beer bar. It has Heady Topper and every Russian River seasonal on tap. There's an excellent beer garden out back with a bonfire and lawn darts. Yes, lawn darts.
The bartenders all have PHD's in hopology management. They're so smart, that they gauge your mood based on your gait and facial expressions and have the perfect beer waiting for you when you sit down at the bar. Half the time, it's a new beer you've never tried. And they're hot.
Nobody's a snob. Well, there's one dude that's kind of lame, but they always bring homemade pretzels and fancy mustard their wife crushes by hand for everyone, so you let them slide.
The perfect beer bar goes beyond the traditional beer/food pairings, and offers all sorts of innovative couplings: Imperial stout and bike jousting. Hefeweizens and hot stone massages.
The perfect beer bar texts you first when they get a new seasonal on tap. Before they even update their Facebook page. There's always a grilled cheese food truck parked out front.
The perfect beer bar is within walking distance of your home and your office. And they have an intern that takes you home in a pedi-cab pulled by a moped.
There's no dancing in the perfect beer bar—unless it's break dancing.
The perfect beer bar isn't really a brewery, but they do brew one small batch beer that's not on the menu, and only served to their favorite customers. Just you and maybe six other people.
We're not sure if the perfect beer bar exists, but we know there are some great beer bars out there doing their best, with crazy smart bartenders offering thoughtful, well-curated beer lists in fun, low-stress environments. We've pooled the Paste brain trust—reader suggestions, staff recommendations, editorial favorites—and developed our list of the 40 Best Beer Bars in America. They probably don't have lawn darts, but on second thought, that's probably for the best.
ALABAMA
Website: http://jclyde.com/
What we'd order on tap: Avondale Vanillaphant Porter
The pour: Alabama's craft beer scene is blossoming after a change in beer laws, and breweries new and old turn to the J. Clyde Hot Rock Tavern and Alehouse to peddle their brew.
ARIZONA
1702 (Tucson)?
Website: http://www.1702az.com?
What we'd order on tap: Firestone Walker 17th Anniversary
The pour: Ostensibly a pizza joint, this pub near The University of Arizona has 46 taps and draft prices to match a college budget. $5.50 for 16 oz. of Nitro Milk Stout? There might just be money left for a pie.
CALIFORNIA
Toronado (San Francisco)
Website: http://www.toronado.com?
What we'd order on tap: Russian River Pliny the Elder?
The pour: California is blessed with some great breweries, and their beers often occupy more than half of the nearly 50 taps at San Francisco's Toronado. It's a dive bar—cash only, not much in the way of food, metal music on the juke box—but the selection of American beer is nearly unmatched. And now, there's a Toronado in San Diego too.
The Monk's Kettle (San Francisco)?
Website: http://monkskettle.com?
What we'd order on tap: The 2007 Samichlaus Doppelbock Braurei Schloss, which is cellared to age at the pub.
The pour: As amazing as the beer selection is, The Monk's Kettle has made a name for itself as a foodie heaven.
The Trappist (Oakland)
Website: http://www.thetrappist.com?
What we'd order on tap: St. Bernardus Christmas ?
The pour:The Trappist is the opposite of a hole-in-the-wall. Inside the 1870s Victorian building is a pub modeled after Belgian and Dutch pubs, just like the many of the American beers they serve. And their new Provisions offers the same practically trademarked sense of upscale beer in a sparse taphouse/bottle shop.
Father's Office (Santa Monica)
Website: http://www.Fathersoffice.com
What we'd order on tap:The aged 2011 Russian River Sanctification.
The pour:The chef competes on reality TV, because, you know, it's L.A. The beer is good (36 beers on tap), but it's the combo of the beer and food that makes this a great beer bar.
COLORADO
Falling Rock Taphouse (Denver)
Website: http://www.fallingrocktaphouse.com?
What we'd order on tap: Avery Old Jubilation
The pour: Falling Rock has been Denver's favorite craft beer emporium for years. Denver is lousy with hip craft beer bars, but the newcomers haven't been able to topple Falling Rock for King of the Hill status. Of the 80 taps, you'll find plenty of Colorado beers to choose from.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Churchkey (Washington, D.C.)?
Website: http://www.churchkeydc.com?
What we'd order on tap: Devils Backbone Swhwartzbier?
The pour: My favorite thing about this Capitol City beer monument is that all of their many draft beers are available in 4 oz. servings, meaning I could sample seven different Mikkeller Single-Hop IPAs for $28. If President Obama is going to learn about good beer, someone needs to drag them here after their 33rd round of golf.
Meridian Pint (Washington, D.C.)
Website: http://www.meridianpint.com
What we'd order on tap: Troegs Dreamweaver
The pour: Meridian only serves American craft beers, all part of their low carbon footprint mission. There's also some composting, and most of the staff walks to work, but more importantly, the 24 taps are user friendly and the 100+ bottle list is really well curated.
FLORIDA
Red Light (Orlando)
?Website: http://www.redlightredlightbeerparlour.com
What we'd order on tap: Cigar City Invasion
?The pour: No offense, Floridians, but it's refreshing to find a place with this much soul in Orlando. This isn't EPCOT Belgium; it's an internationally acclaimed beer bar with a love for farmhouse ales and Flemish sours and 20 well-chosen taps. Just what you need after a trip to Disney World.
GEORGIA
Brick Store Pub (Decatur, Ga.)?
Website: http://www.brickstorepub.com?
What we'd order on tap: Evil Twin Hop Flood
The pour: The unofficial pub of Paste magazine, Decatur's Brick Store introduced our editor-in-chief to the world of good beer, even before the restrictions on high gravity beer loosened in Georgia. The pub is the very beating heart of Decatur, on the downtown square, and you're likely to see city officials, pastors, artists and business people all coming together on a Tuesday afternoon or a Saturday night. There are no TVs except during the World Cup, when three HD screens materialize in the Belgian Bar upstairs.
Trappeze (Athens, Ga.)?
Website: http://trappezepub.com?
What we'd order on tap: Duchesse de Bourgogne
The pour: Athens, Ga., supposedly has the highest per-capita number of bars of any town in the country. But you won't find $1 Jaeger shots at Trappeze—just a bar full of beer geeks there to discover and enjoy. With nearly three dozen taps, there's usually more than a couple extra special entries, like a pair of Mikkeller single hop beers from Denmark.
The Porter Beer Bar (Atlanta)?
Website: http://www.theporterbeerbar.com?
What we'd order on tap: Brouwerij Bavik Petrus Pale Ale
?The pour: Some of the best pub food in Atlanta pairs with more than 300 beers, including a carefully curated draft list in the heart of Little Five Points. But then, what beer doesn't pair well with house-made brats and Belgian fries?
ILLINOIS
Hopleaf (Chicago)?
Website: http://hopleaf.com?
What we'd order on tap: Founders Sweet Repute
?The pour: Chicago's Hopleaf boasts a wonderful restaurant in the back, but I've never found reason to travel past the bar in the front room, where the draft list is full of surprises and the bottles include “aged” beers. Just be careful with that vintage Dogfish Head Worldwide Stout.
The Map Room (Chicago)?
Website: http://www.maproom.com?
What we'd order on tap: Three Floyds Permanent Funeral Imperial IPA
The pour: Burning the candle at both ends, The Map Room begins each morning as a coffee shop and transitions into “a traveler's tavern” at 11 a.m. With a monthly beer school, 26 taps and a rotation of cask-conditioned ales on hand-pump, we think that transition is pretty smooth.
INDIANA
Twenty Tap (Indianapolis)
Website: http://www.twentytap.com
What we'd order on tap: Bloomington Krampus
The pour: Okay, don't let the name fool you, there are almost 40 taps to choose from (heavy on the Midwest), most of which are under $5, and you can get halfsies for even cheaper. Think, craft beer house meets dive bar. And they serve fried cheese curds.
KENTUCKY
Holy Grale (Louisville)
Website: holygralelouisville.com
What we'd order on tap: Stillwater Stateside Saison
The pour: The beer bar took over a turn of the century church in 2011, and turned it into a place of beer worship. Go for rare finds, the brewer's brunch on Sundays, and beer geek events like Saint Sours Day. Then stay in the bar's new bed and breakfast, the Gralehaus.
MASSACHUSETTS
Bukowski Tavern (Cambridge)
?Website: http://www.facebook.com/bukowskicambridge ?
What we'd order on tap: Lagunitas Brewing Hairy Eyeball
The pour: Right on Inman Square, Bukowski Tavern is a paean to writers like Gertrude Stein, Anais Nin and ol' Charles B. himself, with an atmosphere to match. And, of course, the pub hosts a “Pint and Pen” essay contest each March.
The Moan and Dove (Amherst)
Website: http://www.moananddove.com?
What we'd order on tap: Allagash Big Little Brother
The pour: Amherst may be off the beaten path, but that doesn't mean the town doesn't deserve a world-class beer bar. From the knowledgeable staff to the selection that includes a short list of “Nostalgia Series” beer for the less adventurous (PBR, Schlitz), they've got it.
MICHIGAN
Mitten Bar (Ludington)
Website: http://ww.mittenbar.com
What we'd order on tap: Harbor Brewing Hop Town Brown
The pour: All Michigan, all the time, Mitten Bar is an homage to beers produced within the Great Lakes State (aka, the mitten state).
If you're local, become a mug member for $2 off on Wednesdays.
Hopcat (Grand Rapids)
?Website: http://www.hopcatgr.com?
What we'd order on tap: New Holland Monkey King
The pour: The interior of this upscale Grand Rapids pub is gorgeous, decked out with comfy chairs in the “living room” corner. And the draft list is ridiculous—from “the lawnmower” PBR to J.W. Lees' Vintage Harvest Ale '10.
MINNESOTA
Republic (Minneapolis)
Website: http://www.republicmn.com
What we'd order on tap: Fulton Sweet Child of Vine IPA
The pour:You've got two Republics to choose from (Seven Corners and Calhoun Square), but both have 56 taps, no TV's, a rotating art program, and the Better Beer Society University, where you can get a legit beer education. It' high class, without the snobbery.
NEW YORK
Barcade (Brooklyn)?
Website: http://www.barcadebrooklyn.com
What we'd order on tap: Brooklyn Fire and Ice (on cask)?
The pour: The idea of a beer pub with retro video games struck me as an amusing novelty, but Barcade takes its beer seriously. Plus it runs fully on windpower and specializes in handcrafted small-batch liquors. And who knew craft beers paired so well with games from our childhood, like Asteroids?
Blind Tiger (New York)
Website: http://www.blindtigeralehouse.com?
What we'd order on tap: Blue Mountain Blitzen?
The pour: A “blind tiger” was a term for any fake attraction that customers would pay to see in order to get their complimentary beverage when blue laws ruled the land. But craft beer is the main attraction at the Blind Tiger on Bleeker Street. And while the brewers may all look familiar, the offerings tend to the obscure, making it easy to order something you've never had before.
Burp Castle (New York)?
Website: http://burpcastlenyc.wordpress.com?
What we'd order on tap: Southern Tier 2X Stout?
The pour: “Quiet please,” says the sign on the door of the East Village's Burp Castle. “Beer Worship in progress.” If you love beer, but don't like big, noisy places, this is your Temple of Beer. As a Burp Castle bartender says, “Yelling would make your throat sore, and then the beer wouldn't taste its best.”
Spuyten Duyvil (Brooklyn)?
Website: Facebook
What we'd order on tap: Freigeist Geisterzug Gose
The pour: I can't think about the Spuyten Duyvil (pronounced Schpite & Dye'-vul, according to my friends in Brooklyn) without remembering the amazing plate of meats I had with my beverages. But the beer list lives up to the “rare and obscure” boasting with more beers from the Netherlands than the U.S. of A.
The Stag's Head (New York)
Website: http://thestagsheadnyc.com?
What we'd order on tap: Keegan's Mothers Milk
The pour: I wasn't aware of The Stag's Head—or, frankly, the far east side of Midtown—until the pub contacted us about a party celebrating Paste's 25 Best American Breweries. Impressively they had the vast majority on tap for the celebration, which was only mildly dampened by the blizzard that hit New York. Since then, the lodge-style bar has reached near permanent status on the perennial best beer bar lists that magazines are prone to create, and deservedly so.
UFC 193 has become victim to the injury bug. The stadium show in Melbourne was set to host a middleweight tilt between Michael Bisping and Robert Whittaker, but Bisping is now out of the fight with an injury. The unfortunate news was reported on UFC Tonight.
Bisping (27-7, 17-7 UFC) will be undergoing elbow surgery, which will have them out for a few weeks. It's apparently not serious, but it's enough to bump them from the card. No replacement has been named as of yet.
The 36-year-old British fighter could instead be placed in a marquee fight on the UFC's London card, which is set to take place in February. There have been rumors that they could fight Anderson Silva at that event, but nothing is set in stone as of yet.
Whittaker (14-4, 5-2 UFC) has won three bouts in a row and is coming off a knockout win over Brad Tavares in May.
The main event of UFC 193 sees Ronda Rousey defending their UFC women's bantamweight title against Holly Holm.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Fighting between Syrian rebel and government forces eased on Saturday as a Russian-led effort to shore up a ceasefire took effect, although battles continued on important frontlines near Hama and Damascus, rebels and a war monitor said.
FILE PHOTO: Relief workers unload humanitarian aid in the rebel-held besieged Syrian town of Douma. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
The deal to create “de-escalation” zones in the major areas of conflict in western Syria took effect at midnight. The initiative was proposed by Russia, President Bashar al-Assad's most powerful ally, with the support of Turkey, which backs the opposition. Iran, Assad's other major ally, also backed it.
Political and armed opposition groups have rejected the proposal, saying Russia has been unwilling or unable to get Assad and their Iranian-backed militia allies to respect past ceasefires. The Syrian government said it backed the proposal but said it would continue to fight what it called terrorist groups across the country.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said there had been a reduction in fighting across Syria since the deal came into force, but warned it was too early to say whether it would last.
“The reduction in violence must be clear and lasting,” Observatory Director Rami Abdulrahman told Reuters.
A rebel commander said the general level of violence was reduced, but added: “Regime attempts (to advance) in the Hama countryside continue.”
With the help of Russia and Iranian-backed militias, the Syrian government has gained the military upper hand in the six-year conflict. The wide array of rebel groups include some supported by Turkey, the United States and Gulf monarchies.
The Observatory said it had not recorded any deaths as a result of fighting in the four zones since midnight, but there had been some violations.
Breaches were seen mainly in northern Hama province, where Syrian government and allied forces have taken territory from rebels in recent weeks.
Fighter jets fired at the rebel-held village of al-Zalakiyat and nearby positions in the northern Hama countryside, where the combatants exchanged shelling, the Britain-based war monitoring group said.
The Observatory said government and allied forces had managed to take a number of points in al-Zalakiyat, and rebel forces had returned fire and also shelled the government-held town of Halfiya.
The Observatory said government forces shelled and bombed the nearby town of Latamneh and surrounding areas. There was no immediate comment from the Syrian army.
Mohammed Rasheed, a spokesperson for the Jaish al-Nasr rebel group based in Hama, confirmed that fighting had broken out after midnight.
Rasheed said rebel-held Idlib province to the north of Hama was almost completely quiet, but the attacks, which included barrel bombs, were focused on the northern Hama frontline area.
“The bombardment has not stopped, it is no different from before,” they told Reuters.
THE DEAL
Iran and Turkey agreed to the Russian proposal for de-escalation zones on Thursday. The text of the memorandum was published by the Russian foreign ministry on Saturday.
The agreement said four de-escalation zones would be established in Syria for a period of six months which could be extended if the three signatory countries agreed. Weaponry and air strikes were not to be used in those zones by combatants, the text said.
The agreement also included creating conditions for humanitarian access, medical assistance and the return of displaced civilians to their homes.
This initiative is the most serious effort to reduce violence and shore up a ceasefire first declared in December since western states accused Damascus of a chemical attack in early April on rebel-held Idlib province.
The chemical incident prompted the U.S. to fire dozens of cruise missiles at a Syrian airbase from which it said the attack had been launched, increasing tensions between the U.S. and Russia.
On Saturday the Russian and U.S. chiefs of general staff discussed the de-escalation zones and agreed to fully resume the implementation of a 2015 joint memorandum on preventing mid-air incidents over Syria, Russian news agencies quoted the Russian Defence Ministry as saying.
The de-escalation zones appear intended to halt conflict in specific areas between government forces and rebels, and would potentially be policed by foreign troops.
The deal was negotiated at Russian-brokered talks in Astana which have taken place outside of United Nations-sponsored peace talks in Geneva.
U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura hailed the plan as a step in the right direction towards a real cessation of hostilities. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said they were encouraged by the agreement.
The U.S. State Department voiced concerns about the deal, saying it was skeptical of Iran's involvement as a guarantor of the accord and Damascus' track record on previous agreements.
“We continue to have concerns about the Astana agreement, including the involvement of Iran as a so-called ‘guarantor',” the State Department said in a statement on Thursday. “Iran's activities in Syria have only contributed to the violence, not stopped it.”
THE ZONES
The largest de-escalation zone, in northern Syria, includes Idlib province and adjoining districts of Hama, Aleppo and Latakia with a population of over 1 million, the memorandum text said.
The other three zones are in northern Homs province, the Eastern Ghouta region east of Damascus and along the Jordanian border in southern Syria.
But one part of the Eastern Ghouta zone, Qaboun, is exempt from the deal, Defence Ministry official Lieutenant-General Sergei Rudskoi said on Friday. They said this was because Qaboun contained the al-Qaeda-linked group formerly known as the Nusra Front.
On Saturday the Observatory said rockets hit Qaboun, where the government has been pressing an offensive for several weeks, and there were clashes between rebels and government and allied forces.
Conference realignment has been going on a full speed for the past few years, but now the end could be in sight. The ACC and their 15-member schools have agreed to hand over their media rights to the league for the next 15 years.
This means that all member schools give their multimedia rights up to the league, and do not own them; therefore making a switch to a new league impossible. With the ACC controlling all of the media rights, if a team leaves neither the new league nor the school would get any television money as it will stay with the ACC.
This is odd since Florida State has been reportedly trying to get into the Big 12, and Clemson has been angling for an invite to the SEC. Whatever the rationale for giving up their TV rights to the league was does not matter, with the exception that conference realignment is slowing down.
The Big 12 has a similar set up in their league making tough for Texas or Oklahoma schools to join a different league; the Pac-12 has a similar deal in place.
What this means to the Mountain West is that if the Big 12 every want to go to 12 schools -- something they are not actively looking to do so -- their options are limited. There is perhaps Cincinnati, BYU, Boise State or Air Force; just maybe they snag another Texas school like Houston.
The Big 12 is not going to go after Boise State since the Idaho market does not bring much, and it would mean the league has a school in Idaho and West Virginia. Unless, they can pry BYU away from BYUtv and the non-Sunday play issue, that would be the only scenario where Boise State just might get an invite.
However, what this means even more is that BYU's option of ever joining a conference for football -- if they decide to do so -- are severely limited. The Pac-12 does not want a religious school and the American Athletic Conference is not of interest to the Cougars, so that makes the Mountain West the only viable option for BYU.
Again, that is if BYU ever needs to join a league. However, that could be sooner than later if their football program has good years but is shut out of a big money access bowl. Being independent guarantees them nothing in that regard, but if they are in a conference outside of the Big Five all they need to do is be the best team.
Regardless what BYU does or does not do, the good news is that the conference shuffling very much looks like it is winding down, and possibly over for the next 15 years.
A stroll in the park might be just as relaxing and amazing as it sounds.
New research from a Stanford University graduate student found that people who walked through a beautiful and green part of the campus were more attentive and cheerful afterwards than another group that walked for the same amount of time by a loud freeway. The participants walked at their own pace and without music or companions. After the walk, each volunteer went to a lab for a questionnaire and brain scan, which determined their levels of happiness and attentiveness following the exercise. Unsurprisingly, walking along the freeway did not soothe the volunteers' minds, but those who walked in nature demonstrated improvements to their mental health. Those who walked on the Stanford campus showed less blood flow to the subgenual prefrontal cortex, or the part of the brain that handles repetitive thought or negative emotion, which remained high for those who walked along the highway.
Study author Gregory Bratman, a graduate student at Stanford University's Emmett Interdisciplinary Program in Environment and Resources, told the New York Times that these findings “strongly suggest that getting out into natural environments” might be an easy and convenient means for city folks to see a boost in their moods.
Bratman pointed out, however, that this study is only the beginning and more research must be done to determine how much nature time is perfect for one's mental health and what exactly it is about nature that soothes people.
How much walking should a person do per day?
Movement and exercise can have a significant positive impact on a person's mental and physical health. As ATTN: reported earlier this month, the health community typically encourages people to walk 10,000 steps per day, which is about five miles. Researchers estimate it takes roughly 2,000 steps to reach a mile. Unfortunately, the average American only walks about half the recommended amount of 10,000 steps, according to Catrine Tudor-Locke, director of the Walking Behavior Laboratory at Pennington Biomedical Research Center. Last year, they told Live Science that the average American takes about 5,900 steps a day.
Many other nations, however, are way ahead of Americans in terms of steps walked per day. An earlier Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise study that looked at the two-day pedometer results of different adults found Americans only took took 5,117 steps a day while the average person in western Australia was nearly 9,700, the average in Switzerland was 9,650, and the average in Japan was 7,168.
Study lead Dr. David R. Bassett Jr. told the New York Times that they were surprised to see how sedentary Americans were. They also referenced a 2004 study in the same journal that revealed Amish folks are ahead of all Americans and most of the world in terms of walking. Male adults in Amish farming communities took nearly 20,000 steps and female Amish people averaged more than 14,000 daily.
"These latest values are about one-third of what Amish people take in farming communities,” Bassett said. “It really does suggest to us that there's been a tremendous decline in the last century and a half in the amount of walking people do.”
According to the Mayo Clinic, regular brisk walking can help you maintain a healthy weight, boost your mood, improve your coordination and balance, and strengthen your bones, among other benefits.
NEW YORK — The three Americans who prevented a terrorist attack on a train from Brussels to Paris last summer have a book deal.
The Perseus Books Group announced Wednesday it will publish "The 15:17 to Paris" by Anthony Sadler, National Guard member Alek Skarlatos and Staff Sgt. Spencer Stone. The book is scheduled for August and will be co-authored by Jeffrey E. Stern.
Last August, the three Americans were vacationing together in Europe when they thwarted Ayoub El-Khazzani, a man who authorities said has ties to radical Islam and boarded the train with a Kalashnikov rifle, pistol and box cutter. Stone later survived a stabbing attack in their hometown of Sacramento, California, and was a guest last week of first lady Michelle Obama at the State of the Union address.
The following is an e-mail sent by People's World writer Rick Nagin to hundreds of their friends, family members and acquaintances in Ohio.
Brothers and Sisters –
I had the great pleasure of attending the 29th National Convention of the Communist Party USA this past weekend in New York. It was a very inspiring event and I want to share some highlights.
The convention reaffirmed the party's basic position of working with labor and its allies to build a broad democratic coalition to defeat the ultra-right. The party sees this as necessary to defend the rights of working people at present as well as key in the long run to weaken corporate power and move towards working class power (socialism).
The immediate challenge is to defend and, if possible, extend the gains made in 2006 and 2008 by setting back the right-wing attempt to regain power in the November midterm elections.
In addition, the convention called for helping to build mass fight back against the economic crisis, especially on the issue of jobs as well as defending the gains won in the health care reform. There was an excellent PowerPoint presentation on the economic crisis and what needs to be done to overcome it.
Defeating the right-wing's use of racism and anti-immigrant hysteria was seen as critical to success in both the electoral and economic arenas.
Workshops and plenary panels on were held on the elections, labor, African American equality, Latino equality, peace, youth, the environment, public education, women's rights, gay rights, and work in the religious community and growing the party and Young Communist League. Detailed resolutions on six broad areas were adopted.
Like all conventions there was a lot of hoop-la and fanfare. Each session opened with a cultural presentation and there was a lot of singing. There was also an evening celebration and cultural event on the Party's 90th anniversary with great live music and dancing.
The Democratic State Assemblyman representing the district where the convention was held gave a great speech welcoming the convention as did several local union presidents. We also heard from Communists holding local office in a number of states.
Leadership was elected including Sam Webb as national chairperson, Jarvis Tyner as vice chairperson and Roberta Wood as secretary-treasurer.
The convention was united and enthusiastic and delegates left with renewed confidence and determination to work to consolidate the defeat of the ultra-right and move forward to repair the damage they have caused to democracy and the rights of working people.
The main reports, resolutions the PowerPoint presentation will soon be available at the cpusa.org website where there is also a video of the opening session. Reports on the convention are on the peoplesworld.org website. Ohio delegates are anxious to meet with groups to discuss the convention and how to move ahead. Let me know if you would like to set up a meeting.
Photo: Delegate from Southern California, Rossana Cambron, shares their experiences on building the Communist Party and YCL at the grassroots. (Pepe Lozano/PW)
Prospect Points are determined by awarding a team 100 points for the No. 1 prospect on the Top 100 list, 99 points for No. 2 and so on, down to one point for No. 100. Points are then tallied by team.
What makes an organization rank as one of the top farm systems in baseball? Simply put, it's a combination of quality and quantity. The MLBPipeline.com staff ranked the top 10 systems in the game by considering which organizations have an abundance of elite-level prospect talent as well as depth, in terms of future big leaguers up and down the system.
What makes an organization rank as one of the top farm systems in baseball? Simply put, it's a combination of quality and quantity. The MLBPipeline.com staff ranked the top 10 systems in the game by considering which organizations have an abundance of elite-level prospect talent as well as depth, in terms of future big leaguers up and down the system.
Prospect Points are determined by awarding a team 100 points for the No. 1 prospect on the Top 100 list, 99 points for No. 2 and so on, down to one point for No. 100. Points are then tallied by team.
1. Chicago Cubs
Cubs' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Cubs in Top 100: 6 -- 3B Kris Bryant (No. 2), SS Addison Russell (No. 5), OF Jorge Soler (No. 23), RHP C.J. Edwards (No. 48), C/OF Kyle Schwarber (No. 50), OF Albert Almora (No. 58)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 420 (2nd)
Even after sending Top 100 Prospects Javier Baez and Arismendy Alcantara to Wrigley Field last year, the Cubs still have an enviable collection of hitting talent, fronted by reigning Minor League home run king Bryant. They and Soler could be the top two rookies in baseball this year, and Russell and Schwarber could also be ready very soon. All those bats overshadow talented arms such as Edwards and right-handers Duane Underwood and Pierce Johnson.
2. Boston Red Sox
Red Sox's Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Red Sox in Top 100: 6 -- 2B Yoan Moncada (No. 9), C Blake Swihart (No. 19), LHP Henry Owens (No. 20), LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (No. 90), 3B Rafael Devers (No. 97), OF Manuel Margot (No. 100)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 271 (5th) Include - Html: Team Top 30 Prospects schedule
Even before the Red Sox signed Moncada, their international program already had been productive, with the likes of Devers and Margot (and 2013 postseason hero Xander Bogaerts, who graduated to the big leagues last year). Boston's 2011 Draft class already has sent Mookie Betts and Jackie Bradley Jr. to the Majors, and Swihart, Owens and right-hander Matt Barnes are right on their heels.
3. Minnesota Twins
Twins' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Twins in Top 100: 6 -- OF Byron Buxton (No. 1), 3B Miguel Sano (No. 12), RHP Alex Meyer (No. 30), Jose Berrios (No. 33), SS Nick Gordon (No. 34), RHP Kohl Stewart (No. 37)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 459 (1st)
Include - Html: 2015 Top 30 Prospects lists
Not only do the Twins have six players in the Top 100, all half-dozen of them are in the top 36. That gives them the highest Prospect Points total among all 30 organizations. One player alone does not a system make, but Byron Buxton's five tools certainly are a very good start. Add in one of the biggest power bats, a premium shortstop and three outstanding right-handers and the Twins' sextet matches up with any other organization's top six. Beyond the big six there are several more future big leaguers on their way up.
4. Pittsburgh Pirates
Pirates' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Pirates in Top 100: 7 -- RHP Tyler Glasnow (No. 13), RHP Jameson Taillon (No. 32), 1B Josh Bell (No. 35), OF Austin Meadows (No. 47), C Reese McGuire (No. 65), RHP Nick Kingham (No. 75), SS/2B Alen Hanson (No. 93)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 347 (3rd)
No team in baseball has more players -- seven -- on the Top 100 Prospects list. There's talent on the mound, with Tyler Glasnow leading the way and Jameson Taillon about to come back, and at the plate, with impact hitters like Josh Bell and Austin Meadows on the way. That doesn't even count prospects who contributed to the Pirates' playoff push, like John Holdzkom and Andrew Lambo. Even as the Pirates compete for the postseason, they continue to try to ensure long-term success by keeping the system stocked.
5. New York Mets
Mets' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Mets in Top 100: 5 -- RHP Noah Syndergaard (No. 11), C Kevin Plawecki (No. 64), LHP Steven Matz (No. 67), OF Brandon Nimmo (No. 73), OF Michael Conforto (No. 83)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 207 (10th)
The Mets' pipeline has come a long way over the last few years. The R.A. Dickey trade certainly helped, netting current catcher Travis d'Arnaud and Noah Syndergaard, now considered to be one best pitching prospects in the game. Efforts in the Draft - picking higher because of poorer finishes didn't hurt - as well as stepping up international scouting have filled out one of the deeper systems in baseball. Breakout 2014 seasons from Steven Matz and Kevin Plawecki added a pair of Top 100 talents as well.
6. Los Angeles Dodgers
Dodgers' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Dodgers in Top 100: 4 -- SS Corey Seager (No. 7), LHP Julio Urias (No. 8), OF Joc Pederson (No. 14), RHP Grant Holmes (No. 96)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 279 (4th)
The Dodgers can't match the depth of the other farm systems on this list, but they do have three of the very best prospects in the game. Seager won the Minor League batting title last year, while Urias dominated high Class A at age 17 and Pederson had the Triple-A Pacific Coast League's first 30-30 season since 1934. Holmes and outfielder Alex Verdugo, Los Angeles' top two picks in the 2014 Draft, had very promising debuts.
7. Texas Rangers
Rangers' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Rangers in Top 100: 5 -- 3B Joey Gallo (No. 10), C/1B Jorge Alfaro (No. 46), OF Nomar Mazara (No. 55), RHP Jake Thompson (No. 84), RHP Alex Gonzalez (No. 98)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 212 (7th)
No organization has more high-risk, high-reward prospects than the Rangers, who have the most powerful prospect in baseball (Gallo), the most tooled-up catcher (Alfaro) and a bevy of gifted outfielders (led by Mazara and Lewis Brinson) and middle infielders (headlined by Travis Demeritte and Josh Morgan). Their top pitchers are the products of premium Draft picks (Gonzalez, Luke Jackson, Luis Ortiz) or recent trades (Thompson, Anthony Ranaudo).
8. Houston Astros
Astros' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Astros in Top 100: 4 -- SS Carlos Correa (No. 3), RHP Mark Appel (No. 31), OF Domingo Santana (No. 72), RHP Vincent Velasquez (No. 87)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 211 (8th)
After outfielder George Springer and first baseman Jonathan Singleton graduated to the Major Leagues in 2014, the next wave of homegrown talent is building in the Astros' farm system. Shortstop Carlos Correa and right-hander Mark Appel, the top picks in the 2012 and 2013 First-Year Player Drafts, continue to highlight the Astros' top prospects list. And while trades and graduations have cut into the Astros' depth somewhat, there is still plenty of talent to be found in the organization, especially in the upper levels of the Minor Leagues.
9. Atlanta Braves
Braves' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Braves in Top 100: 4 -- 2B Jose Peraza (No. 39), RHP Mike Foltynewicz (No. 79), Christian Bethancourt (No. 94), RHP Lucas Sims (No. 95)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 101 (24th)
When John Hart took over as the Braves' president of baseball operations last fall, one of their aims was to improve a depleted farm system. They did just that during a busy offseason that also saw them retool the Major League roster. The Braves don't have a prospect ranked in the first third of MLBPipeline.com's Top 100 Prospects list, so they don't rank highly in Prospect Points. But they have stockpiled an impressive array of high-ceiling pitchers and have built depth throughout the system.
10. Toronto Blue Jays
Jays' Top 30 Prospects | Breakdown
Jays in the Top 100: 4 -- LHP Daniel Norris (No. 18), OF Dalton Pompey (No. 44), RHP Aaron Sanchez (No. 45), RHP Jeff Hoffman (No. 88)
Prospect Points (MLB rank): 243 (9th)
Going into the 2014 season, a series of trades had left the Blue Jays' farm system thinner at the upper levels of the Minor Leagues than it had been in years past. It wouldn't stay down for long, however. Left-hander Daniel Norris and center fielder Dalton Pompey delivered breakout seasons, and the Blue Jays injected high-end talent into the system in the 2014 First Year Player Draft, when they had two of the first 11 picks. Entering the 2015 season, they once again have elite talent and enviable depth in their system.
In the news, there's the final word on the Ravagers exploit, more detail on what's coming next week in Game Update 3.1: Conflict on Rishi, and lots more. Then in our discussion we walk through the four hard mode Flashpoints introduced in Game Update 3.0, with a few tips to make them that much easier.
1. Introduction
2. Tip of the week
Congratulations to this week's winner, CapsSlapshot27! Thanks to Ryenke, Sabo, Tim Rogan and Nightmare for entering.
Here's the full tip from CapsSlapshot27 for the Underlurker encounter in Temple of Sacrifice:
For those of you that have less experience on fighting Underlurker, here are some easy tips to follow to improve your groups progress on killing him. -Pop raid buffs when dps jump in initially. This is a 4:50 enrage, but to enrage doesn't hit as hard as you would expect. If you are lucky, your group can get 2 sets of raid buff on the boss. In addition, if a commando uses their alacrity buff first, then all other raid buffs are popped in the next 10 seconds, all those raid buffs will have a shorter cooldown, due to the increased alacrity. -An easy way to tell if your group has enough dps is that the boss should be near 80% by the time the first set of adds spawn. If your group is more than 5% off from this target, you should focus on increasing your groups damage output. Wave 1 of adds spawn-80%, Wave 2 of adds spawn-70%, Wave 3 of adds spawn-60%, Wave 4 of adds spawn-50%, Wave 5 of adds spawn-40%, When the 6th set of add spawn, they enrage, boss should be at less than 10% at this point -When the dps are attacking the adds, have the whole group, minus the main tank, behind the add you are attacking, then when add #1 is down, move behind the next add. This will minimize damage done to the group, and will make aoe heals easier for healers. -Dps should all be attacking the same add, and know what order they are killing the adds. A recommended strategy for deciding which order to kill the adds is, on the first add wave, kill the adds closest to the entrance, then move towards the back add. When the boss has finished their plus mechanic, which ever add you are closest to, whether it be the closest to entrance, or the closest to exit, should be the dps's first target and move in a line toward the opposite add. -Try to have the whole group, minus the main tank stand behind one rock, or 2 rocks close together, and the main tank standing behind a rock on the other side of the room, this will allow people to predict the orientation of the plus mechanic -Mark the 3 players going to the left (or right) arm. This is so if a player needs to see what side of the boss to go on, they can just look for markers, and immediately recognize “do I go to players with marks above their heads, or do I go to a player without marks above their heads.” -If your group has a Vanguard as a tank, use riot gas right before they channel rage storm. This make a significant amount of the damage dealt by rage storm miss anyone struggling to get behind a rock -The tank on the boss should stay away from the adds, as they will take an added amount of damage which will be difficult for the healers. As a vanguard, I stand 10 meters away from the add that the dps will down last, have the boss in between me and the add, and use ion storm (conal attack) as often as possible to do damage to the boss, as well as to the add. -There will be 5 sets of adds, 5 collapses/rage storms, and 5 pluses that you will have to deal with before the boss enrages. It is recommended to only skip the 5th set of adds but still perform the collapse and plus mechanic for the 5th round. -If your group is having a bit of trouble dps-ing the boss, the off-tank can switch to a dps, as 2 tanks are not a necessity on this boss. This is not something a group should rely on every week, but this will improve dps a bit if you choose to use this method. Keep in mind on the plus phase, anyone can stand behind the boss, it doesn't have to be someone with a high threat, as I have experimented and threat levels don't matter (excluding the maintank). I personally would recommend a dps with heavy armor stand in the back though. The last tip is more of a “check” this is a recommendation of what your groups stats should be for clearing this boss. Keep in mind you can have lower stats and still clear it, but these are RECOMMENDED numbers
-Tank Mitigation rating 3400 (mitigation rating calculated by shield+absorb+defense)
-No minimum offtank mitigation rating
-Both tanks pulling close to 1400 dps
-Each dps pulling 3500 on dummy
-Healers with gear rating of 9200+ (our guild totals this number as mainstat+power+crit+surge+ alacrity+forcepower or tech power)
Please send your tips to ootinicast@gmail.com by next Wednesday for a chance to win a Taunfawn or M8-R3 droid code, courtesy of BioWare, and an OotiniCast-provided Cartel Market pack from the latest shipment.
3. Holofeed
4. Community
We'd like to recommend The Usual Podcast, a new show featuring long-time community stalwart Marshall Carr and their friend Will. It will cover SWTOR, Star Wars in general, and pop culture.
Another new podcast is Casual Core Radio, starring Drew (Geldarion) and Joe Foran. It's a general gaming show discussing SWTOR and other games (mainly MMOs) that they are playing.
For anyone interested in the SWTOR economy, and extracting credits from it, we highly recommend the new blog swtoreconomics.com. You can follow its author on Twitter using @SWTOREconomics.
Swtorista has created an image gallery (more details about it here) showing a number of secret (generally unknown and/or hard to obtain) pets, which includes notes on how to get them.
Marisi of the progression guild Zorz has created an online non-real-time combat log analysis site called Parsely. You can read all about it here.
5. Force Feedback
It seems that Turg thinks that Sages are particularly popular in PvP at the moment. Can't really see why:
Chinn'ook and Damon Homer both recommend that you check out the Star Wars-themed Humble Bundle. You've got under two weeks to grab it!
Chong has discovered that Cathar eyes glow in the dark:
Courtesy of Reddit user Hahawl, it seems that a new character species has made a surprise appearance on the PTS!
Kuze has a plan for rescuing the now not-to-compelling Contraband Slot Machines:
I believe the issue with the contraband slot machine is using the night life slot machine game design instead of a new one. Bioware should have based the contraband and future slots off of the rewards given. Here is just one example of how I would have implemented the contraband slot machine. The goal with stronghold items (like this one) should be to make things fun, unique, and resourceful to a point, without affecting other aspects of the game. Here is a quick overview of the current machine play style and rewards. The current machine will only result in 3 options when activated. Loss = Nothing. Normal Reward = Contraband Chip. Jackpot = Everything else (All three tiers of crafting tokens, all three tiers of reputation items, cartel certificate, and walker mount). Just by looking at this setup you can clearly see some issues. The functionality of how the slot machine works should have been developed based of the value, level, and number of rewards. After the basic design was completed the win ratios should have been applied. This is the format I will take below. First I will lay out the game design and then give my quick opinion of ratios. My design would have 4 options not 3. Loss = Nothing Lesser Reward = Contraband Chip, Green reputation item, Green crafting token. Medium reward = Contraband Chip x2, Blue reputation item, Blue crafting token, Pet from that respective shipment. Jackpot = Purple reputation item, Purple crafting token, Certificate, Mount from the respective shipment, Walker mount. Ratios: I don't have time at this moment to give specific percentages but I would definitely make the jackpots hits rare and keep the special reward ratios very low. Given this design Bioware could break down the rewards in such a way that the machines would stay useful and fun without disrupting the game play for other people. Having a more diverse reward system keeps things interesting and gives Bioware a little more room for tweaking ratios. A weekly spend limit by account or individual player debuff can be injected if needed to keep normal players, bots, and gold farmers from going overboard.
6. Outro
On the show this week were Chill (@BrandonLStarr, twitch.tv/chillswtor), Teo (@jasonetheridge), Redna (@R3DN4, twitch.tv/r3dn4) and Kuze (@Kuze, YouTube).
Information about our guilds on The Harbinger, Ootini Knights (Republic) and Ootini Rage (Empire), can be found here.
You can email questions and comments about the show to ootinicast@gmail.com. Follow us on Twitter via @OotiniCast. Check out our website, ootinicast.com, which has links to our presence on Google+ and Facebook. You can subscribe to us on iTunes, and listen to us on Stitcher and Spreaker. We record the show live every Wednesday at 4:30pm Pacific, goto ootinicast.com/live to find out how to join in!
Getty Images
Did the Ravens' decision to release offensive tackle Eugene Monroe today have anything to do with their advocacy for the NFL allowing players to use marijuana? The Ravens aren't saying so, although the article on their website announcing Monroe's departure seems to be suggesting a link.
“Monroe had surgery to repair a torn labrum (shoulder) this offseason, and used the time off to become the first active NFL player to openly campaign for the use of medical marijuana. The Ravens did not rally behind the cause,” the Ravens' website says.
After that, the Ravens' site included a quote from head coach John Harbaugh, saying, “I promise you, they do not speak for the organization.”
When a player is cut, there are usually multiple reasons. In the case of Monroe, one reason is that they were due a $6.5 million salary this year. Another reason is that they have a history of injuries. Another is that the Ravens selected offensive tackle Ronnie Stanley with the sixth overall pick in the draft.
But it wouldn't be surprising if Monroe's advocacy of marijuana is one reason for their departure. NFL teams are image-conscious, and marijuana is a banned substance in the NFL.
If it is a part of the reason Monroe lost their job, that's a shame. Players should be free to speak their minds on matters of public policy, and just because they're not speaking for the organization, that doesn't mean it should cost them their position within the organization.
In a setback for freedom of speech and human rights in Azerbaijan, a Baku court has sentenced popular Israeli-Russian travel blogger Alexander Lapshin to three years in prison, Azerbaijan's Vesti.Az news reported on Thursday.
Prosecutors asked the court to sentence Lapshin to six and a half years for illegally entering Azerbaijan and “propagandizing the separatist regime” in Nagorno-Karabakh. Lapshin denies the charges.
“I'm guilty before the Azeri people only in moral terms, but by no means in a political aspect,” Vesti.Az cited Lapshin as saying in their final plea on Wednesday.
Lapshin, who holds Russian, Ukrainian and Israeli citizenship, was detained by police in Belarus in December and extradited to Azerbaijan two months later.
Azerbaijan targeted the blogger over visits to the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabakh, which is internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan but controlled by an Armenian-majority government.
Lapshin's offending blog post criticized comments made by Azerbaijani leader Ilham Aliyev who said Karabakh would be returned by force. The blogger said Aliyev's rhetoric, “reminds me of the rhetoric of Arab states in relation to Israel: too much pathos and zero results,” the Kommersant newspaper reported.
Well, I thought it was a good debate. My hats off to Bob Shieffer… and my blouse too if they play their cards right. (Just don't tell my husband.) But who the hell is Joe the Plumber? Seriously. What the hell was that all about? Joe the Plumber? Joe Six Pack? The new McCain strategy seems to be banking on a lot of guys named Joe with a beer in one hand and a pipe wrench in the other. Is this a political campaign or a dating service for the Palin women?
And while I am talking about Governor Good Hair from the North I just want to say good for Sarah Palin that they have an interest in helping special needs children. They need all of our help and every child should come into this world being wanted and loved. Sarah you have my full support on this matter. It's just too bad you also have to worry about a special needs Senator for a running mate.
John McCain thinks Americans are angry? Really? I think they need to look beyond their rallies. Americans are not angry. Republicans are angry. Bush screwed 'em over and now McCain is rubbing salt in the wound. It looks to me like The Straight Talk Express is stuck in traffic and its driver is experiencing a little road rage. The rest of us are hopeful and anxious, but certainly not angry. We want change and it is so close we can almost taste it. The next three weeks will be the longest of my 82 years.
Folks, I'm tired and I don't have another fight in me. It's now or never. So to all of you I say this: Give your money. Give your time. Give your voice. Get up. Get out and do something. Anything. If America takes a chance on Maverick the Clown and their side kick, Clarabell, we will find ourselves so far down the crapper even Joe the Plumber can't reach us. Get out there and vote!
Thank you for stopping by. I mean it. Really.
Advertisements
MURPHY, N.C. — A family is searching for the person responsible for writing a scathing obituary of a woman that said their “presence will not be missed by many.”
Cornelia June Rogers Miller died in February, WTVC reports. Nearly four months later, an obituary posted by the Cherokee Scout in Murphy, North Carolina, is making its way around social media.
Miller lived in Florida and had a summer home in Murphy.
The obituary reads, in part, “Drugs were a major love in their life as June had no hobbies, made no contribution to society and rarely shared a kind word or deed in their life. Please let June Miller's life be a cautionary tale. Addiction and hatred are no es bueno for the living. We speak for the majority of their family when we say their presence will not be missed by many, very few tears will be shed, and there will be no lamenting over their passing.”
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS?! This obituary was posted in the @theScoutnews over the weekend. What do you think about it? pic.twitter.com/v2JGzWOCaE — Stephanie Santostasi (@Stephanie_NC9) July 3, 2017
Upset, Miller's son Robert responded to the obituary, saying it's untrue.
Robert blamed the writing on their sisters, although one sister said they didn't write it and called the obituary tragic and sad.
It's still unknown who wrote the original tribute.
You can read the entire obituary here.
A 36-year-old Carlisle woman and their 17-year-old son charged in the death of their landlord said they beat them 45 minutes before dumping them along a South Middleton Township driveway early Sunday.
UPDATE: Police name a third suspect.
UPDATE: Police recovery Mahoney's vehicle.
Stephanie Vinice Scott, 36, of the first block of East Locust Avenue, Carlisle, and their son, Duane Jamell Fason Jr., 17, of the same address, were charged with homicide, unlawful restraint and tampering with evidence by Carlisle state police.
James Mahoney, 45, of the same address as those charged, was found dead Sunday along a driveway in the 1100 block of South Spring Garden Street in South Middleton Twp. Charges were filed with District Judge Susan Day, and the couple are in Cumberland County prison without bail. A preliminary hearing is set for 8 a.m. Sept. 24.
Court documents lay out this account of events leading up to Mahoney's death:
Scott told police they and Mahoney began arguing between 5 and 6 p.m. Saturday night about something they said to him, and they began choking them They then got up and began choking Mahoney, and dragged them 15 feet across the floor by their hair. They said they continued arguing overnight, and that Mahoney left in their vehicle, and they didn't know where they are.
After being told Mahoney was dead in a second interview, Scott said, "I didn't mean for them to die."
They then gave a different account of the evening, saying that after the choking incident, they called their son to come home. They said they then began to plan events leading to an assault against Mahoney, and said they "deserved it for all of the physical and verbal abuse they put them through."
Around midnight, when Mahoney was drunk and barely awake on the couch, Scott said she, their son and one of their friends jumped him, beat them and tied them up with the clothesline from the backyard.
In what is described as a 45-minute assault, Scott said all three took turns punching and kicking Mahoney on the head and face, and their son whipped them with a USB cable.
Mahoney was alive after the beating, Scott told police. They loaded them in the back of their own Ford Explorer, dumped them along South Spring Garden Street, and left their vehicle in a grocery store parking lot.
In a separate interview, Fason said Mahoney was alive when they dumped him, which they know because they looked at them before they took them out of the vehicle.
As for motive, Fason said they were tired of Mahoney assaulting their mother and others.
Police said Mahoney's neck, hands and legs were bound with twine and a black USB computer cable, and blood was on their face and body. Police said it appeared the initial crime occurred elsewhere and that the body was placed there. Also found at the scene were a gold makeup case, water bottle, lunch box and bottle of power steering fluid.
Mahoney was dressed only in underwear, and they were covered by bed sheets, a pillow, clothing, a towel, doormat and two reflective vests with the name "Chyna" on them, along with the logo for Chewy.com, a Carlisle area distribution center.
An employee at Chewy.com told police "Chyna" was the nickname of Stephanie Scott, and that they rented a room from Mahoney with their son.
In the home, police said they found bedding missing from several beds, and a comforter matching a pillow case found near Mahoney's body.
World Cafe Looks Back: Uncle Tupelo's Family Tree
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jim Leatherman Uncle Tupelo at the Sapphire Supper Club in Orlando, Fla. Jeff Tweedy (second from left) went on to form Wilco, while Jay Farrar (second from right) created Son Volt. Jim Leatherman
Set List Uncle Tupelo, "Acuff-Rose"
Uncle Tupelo, "Slate"
Uncle Tupelo, "Give Back The Key To My Heart"
Son Volt, "Tear-Stained Eye"
Son Volt, "Windfall"
Son Volt, "Medicine Hat"
Wilco, "Box Full Of Letters"
Wilco, "Outtasite (Outta Mind)"
Wilco, "She's A Jar"
Wilco, "Kamera"
Wilco, "What Light"
Wilco, "You And I"
Throughout the month of October, we celebrated the 20th anniversary of World Cafe and revisited some of the best and most memorable interviews of the past 20 years.
The influential alt-country group Uncle Tupelo spawned Wilco and Son Volt shortly after it broke up in the mid-'90s. In this episode, we'll hear archival performances from all three bands, and assess the state of their genre as it's continued to develop.
Uncle Tupelo was born when three friends — Jay Farrar, Jeff Tweedy and Mike Heidorn — decided to re-form their high-school band after its lead singer left for college. Based in Belleville, Ill., the members of Uncle Tupelo quickly realized that their punk idols The Ramones and The Sex Pistols were not the toast of their music scene. They began to explore country music, and resulting blend on the group's 1990 album No Depression became synonymous with the alt-country sound. During its short but remarkable run, Uncle Tupelo recorded a live session with World Cafe before its split in 1994.
With the breakup of Uncle Tupelo, Farrar formed Son Volt, which has put out critically successful Americana albums from 1995 through its most recent record, American Central Dust, in 2009. The band has visited World Cafe on several occasions over the years, and we'll play three songs from different points in the late '90s.
Led by Jeff Tweedy, Wilco has released music that's run the gamut from folk-rock to experimental pop. Wilco has graced World Cafe many times over the years, and we'll hear a selection of songs from visits between 1995 and 2009. The band's most recent album, The Whole Love, came out this year.
This segment originally aired on October 25, 2011.
Malcolm Turnbull now needs to win nine votes from an 11-member crossbench in the Senate And the final result for the 76 seats is as follows: the Coalition have 30 seats, Labor 26, the Greens nine, One Nation four, Nick Xenophon Team three, with four independents: Derryn Hinch for their Justice Party, Jacqui Lambie for their Network, Bob Day for Family First, and David Leyonhjelm for the Liberal Democrats. You might recall that in the last Parliament Malcolm Turnbull and their predecessor-slash-victim Tony Abbott liked to moan about how gosh-darn unfair it was that they had to rely on seducing five votes from an eight-member crossbench. Well, those miserable days are finally gone! Now the government merely needs to win nine votes from an 11-member crossbench! Also, just to add some extra spice to that already-sizzling legislative curry, that will require both One Nation and NXT to both support the government on any legislation for which Labor and the Greens do not care. In order to pass through the Senate a piece of legislation needs 39 of the 76 votes. Labor and the Greens have 35 between them; the Coalition has 30. So one fun question to ponder is "what sort of legislation is the centrist, decide-things-on-their-merits NXT going to support which also ticks all the boxes for the hard-right, deeply protectionist, the-Muslims-is-coming One Nation?" Another is "how well-disposed to the government are Lambie and Leyonhjelm likely to be feeling, since they seemed to correctly interpret Turnbull's double dissolution as a personal insult?"
Nick Xenophon will risk prosecution as a test case by boycotting the census name requirement. Credit:David Mariuz Meanwhile, as the constant torrent of leaks from the cabinet room about whether or not the PM did or did not support Kevin Rudd's nomination for UN Secretary has reminded us, the vibe within the Coalition isn't as grateful-to-still-have-their-jobs as you might expect it would be after the narrowest possible victory. They're probably not going to be pushing for a lot of jolly bipartisanship right at the moment. So, what are Turnbull's options? One Nation leader Pauline Hanson controls three senators in the new Parliament including Mr Roberts. Credit:Facebook 1. Go super-hard right. Turnbull might just assume that Labor and the Greens will block stuff like the still-unpassed higher education cuts, the same-sex marriage plebiscite legislation, and pretty much all of the non-supply elements of the budget and pander to prejudices of One Nation/Leyonhjelm/Lambie and hope that NXT fall into line. Of course, since the majority of voters for One Nation and (especially) NXT were unhappy Coalition voters, why would either party want to be seen to do what Malcolm tells them?
Likely outcome: stalemate, which puts Turnbull's leadership at risk. 2. Only produce legislation that Labor are likely to support. After all, there's a fair bit of crossover between the parties and such a deal would help prevent any grudging Labor-Greens coalition having a chance to congeal against a common foe. Of course, that would allow Labor to claim that the government were adopting their agenda, which isn't a good look, and galvanise the still-seething conservative elements of the party into finding themselves a suitable leadership alternative. Likely outcome: centrist progress, which will give their right wing a panicked reason to move against him. 3. Wait for NXT and/or One Nation to fall apart. As Palmer United have demonstrated, small parties led by a pushy leader with their name in the title have a tendency to implode around the same time that their senators realise that if they quit the party they can keep their jobs, get wined and dined by the government and never have to be yelled at in the party room ever again. Likely outcome: High - the two decade history of One Nation is basically a series of interconnected tantrums - but it'll take at least a year, and that isn't time Turnbull has to achieve nothing.
I recently found out that February 5th is World Nutella day. This is great news because I have a not so secret obsession with Nutella. So, what did I do? I spent all week cooking with my favorite chocolate hazelnut spread, of course!
This stuffed french toast recipe is so decadent, it could pass as dessert. The Nutella center makes it sweet, so there is no need for syrup and the addition of fresh orange juice and orange zest in the batter creates a flavor combination that is to die for.
Orange Scented French Toast with Nutella
1 loaf brioche bread or bread of similar consistency, day old is preferable. You will need about 10 slices.
4 eggs
1 cup milk
zest of 1 medium orange
Juice of 1 medium orange
2 teaspoons vanilla
1 Tbsp sugar
dash of salt
Jar of Nutella
Vegetable Oil for cooking
Slice your bread into 1/2 inch thick slices. I used a cookie cutter to cut out hearts in honor of Valentine's Day, but feel free to leave the crust on if you prefer it that way. Spread a layer of Nutella on the bread and cover with another slice of bread, creating a Nutella sandwich. The amount of Nutella is up to you, the more you load on, the sweeter it will be!
Combine eggs, milk, orange juice, orange zest, vanilla, sugar and salt in a shallow bowl and whisk. Next, Place about 1 Tbsp vegetable oil in a pan and heat to medium or medium low heat.
Dip one of your Nutella sandwiches into the batter until it is fully coated. Be careful not to soak your bread or you might not have enough batter to get through all your french toast.
Cook in the oiled pan until golden brown on both sides and fully cooked. Because the french toast will be thick, you might feel that the sides didn't cook and crisp up as nice as you would like. If this happens, just place them in the oven at 300 degrees for about 10 minutes or until nice and crispy on the outside. This also works well for keeping the first couple warm while you finish making the rest.
Repeat dipping and cooking the french toast, adding oil to the pan each time.
Once they are complete, dust with powdered sugar and enjoy!
mmmmm, Nutella.
Advertisements
State and Federal Attorneys-General have for some time stood in the way of lobbying efforts by the video game industry and gamers themselves to create an R18+ classification for games in Australia
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott tonight said they would be happy to examine the issue of an R18+ classification rating for video games if the Coalition won the upcoming Federal Election, although they admitted they did not know there had been a debate on the issue.
“If what happens with video games is not roughly analogous to what happens in other areas, that seems silly,” Abbott said in response to a question from an audience member on the Daily Telegraph's leadership question and answer session at Sydney's Rooty Hill RSL tonight.
“Instinctively I'm with you, and it's something I'd be happy to look at, if we are in Government,” they added. “If you think there is a problem, I would be happy to look at it.”
State and Federal Attorneys-General have for some time stood in the way of lobbying efforts by the video game industry and gamers themselves to create an R18+ classification for games in Australia. The lack of such a system has meant that a number of games have been prohibited from being released in Australia, and others – such as Valve's popular Left 4 Dead 2 game — have had to be modified to remove aspects that the Classification Board has found objectionable.
Former South Australian Attorney-General Michael Atkinson – one of the most vocal opponents of a R18+ classification for games – even found themselves facing a challenge in their own seat at the South Australian state election earlier this year from a political party pushing the issue.
However, despite the fact that there is a Federal Government review into the matter ongoing, Abbott admitted they didn't know it had been an issue. “It's not an area that I'm particularly familiar with,” they said. “I didn't know there was a problem here.”
Tap here to view theScore's NHL Offseason tracker, which includes the latest transactions and rumors.
The Chicago Blackhawks have found a trade partner for Patrick Sharp.
The Blackhawks traded Sharp and defenseman Stephen Johns to the Dallas Stars for forward Ryan Garbutt and blue-liner Trevor Daley.
"On behalf of the entire Blackhawks organization, I'd like to thank Patrick for all that they helped our franchise accomplish during their time in Chicago, especially serving an integral role in bringing us three Stanley Cup championships,” Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman said.
“He was one of our leaders on the ice, most notably as an alternate captain for several seasons, as well as off the ice with their countless contributions and volunteer work with team partners, sponsors and Blackhawks fans everywhere. They will forever be a Blackhawk and we wish them and their family nothing but the best in Dallas and beyond."
Sharp won three Stanley Cups with Chicago and spent parts of 10 seasons with the Blackhawks.  They are a four-time 30-goal scorer who hit the 20-goal plateau seven times.
The 33-year-old carries a cap hit of $5.9 million for each of the next two seasons before they are eligible for unrestricted free agency in 2017-18.
Daley registered 38 points in 68 games for the Stars in 2014-15. Their cap hit is $3.3 million for 2015-16 and another $3.3 million in 2016-17.
"We've always marvelled at Trevor's ability to skate," Bowman said later on a conference call.
Stars GM Jim Nill was pleased to acquire Johns, who stands at 6-foot-3 and 229 pounds.
"He brings an element of size and physicality to our mix and we look forward to them coming in and competing." Nill said.
Bowman confirmed that the Stars are retaining 50 percent of Garbutt's salary. Garbutt is on the books for $1.8 million next season.
Share. An April Fools' joke becomes reality. An April Fools' joke becomes reality.
THQ has announced that an expansion called Enter the Dominatrix is in development for Saints Row The Third. Originally announced as an April Fools' Day joke, Enter the Dominatrix will be a standalone expansion available for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC.
Enter the Dominatrix takes place immediately after the events of Saints Row The Third as alien warlord Zinyak prepares to invade Earth. Zinyak captures the leader of the Third Street Saints and "imprisons them in an elaborate virtual reality simulation" that looks and feels like Steelport but "is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth."
Exit Theatre Mode
THQ has confirmed that the expansion will be available for $29.99 and that more details will be announced this summer. While you wait, be sure to check out our review.
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's associate news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following them on Twitter or IGN.
The House Energy and Commerce Committee is back in action, and that means that it's once again time to grapple with that perennial nightmare: the Federal Communications Commission's Universal Service Fund (USF). The FCC's telecom subcommittee held a hearing on the program on Thursday, and a mandate that USF funding recipients provide broadband services was a key bullet point.
Congress should "future-proof" the Fund, declared the subcommittee's Chair Rick Boucher (D-VA), "by requiring that all recipients offer broadband at preset minimum speeds to receive support." But the event was about a lot more than that, focusing on how to rescue what is probably the Federal Communications Commission's most troubled program.
Heart of the economy
You would think that a government agency with the USF's job description would cause little if any grief. The USF puts an assessment on interstate telephone bills to subsidize phone service for low-income consumers and to support rural and inner city telcos. Plus, it kicks in some cash to support telecom/computer services needed by schools, libraries, and rural health care outlets.
In theory, we're talking the High School Musical of telecom policies, here. "In this time, when electronic communications are at the heart of the national economy, it is perhaps more essential than ever before that all Americans remain connected," proclaimed Boucher. Who can argue with this? But in reality, the USF is all Rocky Horror Picture Show—scarily complicated, inefficient, fragmented, and corrupt. The FCC was supposed to fix many of the problems last year, but ex-Chair Kevin Martin couldn't get a majority to go with their proposals. Now Boucher and their colleague Lee Terry (R-NE) are working on a new bill to get USF off the slab.
What needs resuscitation? Everything. The USF is leaking money at an alarming rate. This is particularly true for the High-Cost Fund, which subsidizes telcos in rural areas where it costs more to connect spread-out customers. The program spent $1.7 billion on High Cost in 1999 and blew over $4 billion in 2007. Some of this spree can be blamed on an auditing system that the Government and Accountability Office has basically called bogus. The USF office checks to make sure High-Cost carriers complete their expense/revenue paperwork, GAO says, but it doesn't check their accuracy. So the FCC estimated that from July 2006 through July 2007, the Fund overpaid carriers to close to a billion dollars.
Then there's an episodic corruption issue. Last year the government finished prosecuting a dozen people for cheating the USF's E-Rate program—that's the part of the USF that helps schools with telecommunications costs. One scofflaw got a 7-1/2 year prison sentence.
But most of the USF's problems are structural. Bottom line: the USF would cost too much even if the auditing and con-artist problems were solved, because the ways it collects revenue and picks and compensates vendors don't make sense. USF watchers hope that Boucher and Terry's upcoming bill will address those issues, and at Thursday's hearing a gaggle of telecom executives, think tankers, and media reform folk showed up to offer their own thoughts about the whole mess. There are a lot of proposals being tossed around. Here's a sample of them.
Reverse auctions with one winner
One of the biggest questions facing the High-Cost fund is how to pick recipients. Let's go with reverse auctions, say lots of experts. The current system "is akin to awarding no-bid contracts that last forever," charged Scott Wallsten of the Technology Policy Institute at the hearing. A competitive reverse auction offers the job to the lowest bidder rather than the highest. Verizon Vice President Thomas Tauke pushed this concept hard. "Competitive bidding forces providers to evaluate their own business models and network capabilities, and to make their own judgment about what amount of support is necessary," Tauke said. "If that amount is not competitive, the carrier will not win the support."
Right now, multiple vendors sometimes crowd various High Cost-eligible regions, and critics charge that this allows them to pick and choose where in the area to offer service.
This idea often comes in tandem with another reform: only one High Cost telco to an area. Right now, multiple vendors sometimes crowd various High Cost-eligible regions, and critics charge that this allows them to pick and choose where in the area to offer service. Qwest Senior Vice President Robert Steven Davis cited Hattiesburg, Mississippi, population 45,000, which enjoys 13 carriers, all getting high cost cash. What's the point of letting all these people into the game, Davis asked, when it's often uneconomical for even one provider to offer the service (as evinced by the need for a High Cost program in the first place). All these mob scenes do is drive up USF bills.
In case you haven't already noticed, the big incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) tend to favor the one-reverse-winner-takes-all approach; but smaller, high-cost recipients that connect to those ILECs don't. Take, for example, LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr. Chairman of the Board of the United States Cellular Corporation, whose company provides wireless service in 200 mostly rural markets. At the hearing they warned that a single-winner system would create local and regional monopolies. "The healthy ability of competition to drive improved services and lower prices would be muted and even eliminated," Carlson warned.
But Qwest and Verizon have a point. Let's face it—where's the "competition" here? We're talking about mostly rural markets where telecommunications service is unprofitable without a subsidy. S. Derek Turner of Free Press came to the hearing with a compromise idea on this issue: use request for proposals (RFPs), to be decided by the FCC, rather than reverse bidding systems to pick providers.
Turner worries about FCC auctions—between collusion and designated entity mischief, they are not always a pretty picture. In contrast, RFPs would allow whoever awards the bid "to weigh alternative proposals on more dimensions than just cost," they argue. But auctions have become a pretty standard part of FCC operating procedure. Still, this question is probably one of the reasons why the FCC didn't get USF reform off the ground in 2007. Martin and now-interim Chair Michael Copps disagreed about it. We'll see what Boucher and Terry do with the issue as they introduce new legislation.
Identical support crisis
Most parties agree that the USF's "identical support rule" has to go. Rural telephone cooperative manager Gregory Hale called the regulation "arcane and nonsensical." The rule calculates subsidies to smaller wireless carriers that serve rural areas based on the funding that the incumbent carriers that they connect to receive per line, rather than on the actual costs of the smaller telcos.
Hale came to the hearing as spokesperson for the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association. They argued that identical support, in combination with no requirement that carriers serve an entire market area, functions as an incentive for companies to zone in on regions where incumbents have built out infrastructure. "Meanwhile the same competitors totally overlook the rural markets of the large carriers where deployment has typically not been widespread," they noted, "and where for this and other reasons universal service dollars are not flowing and thus would not flow under the identical support rule." This is probably the main reason why USF high cost payments have ballooned over the years—and perhaps why Hattiesburg has 13 carriers.
The FCC put a cap on high-cost payments last year, but that's only a temporary measure until the identical support rule gets whacked, as per the recommendation of the USF's own Federal-State Joint Board.
Pretty much everybody also agrees that the USF has to do something about intercarrier compensation. Those are the fees that carriers charge other carriers to pass messages across their ends of the public network. Intercarrier comp access rates rise or fall depending on whether the call is an inter- or intra-state message or local or long distance. But as a chorus of critics observe, these differences have become meaningless in the age of IP telephony. "The distinctions underlying the intercarrier-compensation system no longer exist and should no longer drive policy," Verizon's Tauke told Boucher's committee.
Verizon wants the FCC to transition to a "single, low, uniform rate when companies terminate traffic." Intercarrier isn't directly part of the USF, however. The way that the USF collects revenue from mobile and wireline service subscribers is.
NHL 18 update 1.04 is available for download on PS4 and Xbox One. According to the latest NHL 18 1.04 patch notes, the new update has added Little Caesar's Arena (Detroit Red Wings Home Arena) as well as True Hockey Equipment.
In addition, there are various bug fixes and improvements. This new patch has fixed an issue where a user would encounter a crash in gameplay after using the auction house to get a new player. Read full patch notes below.
NHL 18 update 1.04 Patch Notes for PS4 & Xbox One
Stadiums
• Added Little Caesar's Arena (Detroit Red Wings Home Arena)
• Updated Verizon Center to Capital One Arena
• Updated Nashville Predators Center Ice
• Updated New York Islanders Center Ice
• NHL 18 1.04 Updated Ottawa Senators Center Ice
• Updated Pittsburgh Penguins Center Ice
• Updated St. Louis Blues Center Ice
• Updated Washington Capitals Center Ice
EQUIPMENT:
Added True Hockey Equipment
• True Hockey A6.0 SBP Hockey Stick
• True Hockey XC9 ACF Hockey Stick
• True Hockey A6.0 Player Glove
• True Hockey XC9 Player Glove
The following uniforms have been updated in NHL 18:
NHL – National Hockey League
• NHL 18 version 1.04 Updated Edmonton Oilers Pants with updated logo
• Updated Calgary Flames Home and Away Socks
AHL – American Hockey League
• NHL 18 update 1.04 added Rockford IceHogs Alternate uniform
• Added WBS Penguins Alternate Uniform
ECHL – East Coast Hockey League
• Added Atlanta Gladiators Alternate uniform
• Updated Colorado Eagles Home and Away uniforms
• Added Norfolk Admirals Home, Away and Alternate uniforms
CHL – Canadian Hockey League
• Added Brandon Wheat Kings Home uniform
• Added Erie Otters Home Uniform
• Added Saskatoon Blades Home and Alternate Uniforms
• Added Sudbury Wolves Home and Away uniforms
• NHL 18 update 1.04 added Val D'Or Foreurs Alternate Uniform
DEL¬ – Deutsche Eishockey Liga
• Updated Home and Away uniforms for all DEL teams to 2017-18 season
National League
• NHL 18 1.04 updated Home and Away uniforms for all National League teams to 2017-18 season
SHL – Swedish Hockey League
• Updated Frolunda Indians Home and Away uniforms
• Updated Karlskrona IK Home and Away uniforms
• Updated Malmo Redhawks Home and Away uniforms
• Updated Mora IK Home and Away uniforms
• Updated Orebro Hockey Home and Away uniforms
HockeyAllsvenskan
• NHL 18 version 1.04 has updated Timra IK Home and Away socks
EBEL – Erste Bank Eishockey Liga
• Updated EHC Linz Uniforms
• Updated Graz 99'ers Uniforms
• Updated Medvescak Zagreb Uniforms
• NHL 18 update 1.04 added 2017-18 Red Bull Salzburg Uniforms
ELH – Czech Extraliga
Rebranded PSG Zlin to Aukro Berani Zlin (Logos, Uniforms and Center ice logo)
ISSUES FIXED:
Game Modes
Fixed an issue where game rarely crashed when sim intervening into a game due to injuries
Fixed a crash during league creation in Franchise Mode
HUT
NHL 18 version 1.04 fixed an issue where a user would encounter a crash in gameplay after using the auction house to get a new player
Fixed an issue where playing with 12 friends in a HUT game will cause a crash after the first goal is scored
NHL 18 update 1.04 fixed an issue that caused a rare crash at the end of a game in Competitive Seasons
Fixed an issue that caused a rare crash when entering your team name and abbreviation in the Team setup screen
Fixed Eric Eschweiler's player portrait
EASHL
Fixed a crash that was happening on the EASHL Team Matchup screen when entering the screen
NHL 18 version 1.04 has fixed an issue where when playing a 6v6 match it would sometimes cause a crash at the opening face-off
Fixed an issue where a rare crash occurred on Xbox 1 when a user edited their player's last name in Player Creation or Edit Player
Online
NHL 18 1.04 fixed an issue where users could not find an opponent when playing with a local guest
Check your game update and download NHL update 1.04 for PS4 and Xbox One. The update size is around 1.1GB.
Q: Christopher, what were the challenges of setting this carol to music?
Christopher: As a musician specialising in medieval music, I'm used to performing music written long ago, in unfamiliar notations, for people who didn't necessarily use written music in the same way that we do. But the task I faced in bringing this carol to life was altogether greater: I was presented with a text obviously intended for singing but with no musical indications to guide the performer.
So I had a long and fascinating interpretative journey as I gradually became familiar with the carol and searched for indications as to how it might be performed.
Q: How did you make a start?
Christopher: The observation that this was music for a festive occasion, in an elite and probably quite formal context, was a key starting point for me. Then I studied the text for further clues.
The carol has six verses of four lines each, with a two-line burden sung at the beginning and after each verse. This pattern is typical of medieval carols, but a distinctive feature of this one is that the final burden has slightly different words. Although the carol was copied into the manuscript in the early 16th century, it's likely that it was originally written somewhat earlier. So I chose to imagine a performance date towards the end of the 15th century.
The kind of music required was therefore clear. It should be joyful or celebratory in tone, written in a fairly elaborate 15th-century style, but retaining the directness of expression typical of carols.
Given new words to set to music, a medieval musician would have had two choices: to compose new music, or to adapt an existing composition to fit. For me, the advantages of the second option were obvious. It would be much more likely to result in a convincingly medieval sound than anything I might compose from scratch, to which I would undoubtedly bring unconscious stylistic influences of my own.
Fistful of Pixels is a bi-weekly improv comedy podcast about theoretical video games, and we have a new home right here on Sidequesting.com!
Here's how it works: You send us your made up video game titles to @FistfulofPixels and we spend three to five minutes creating a video game pitch based on that title. Then we wrap it all up and you listen to it. With your ears. Both of em.
Show Notes:
Hosts:
Mike Bachmann, Ben Pack, Taylor Bliss, Adam Bash
This Week's Titles:
Reasonable Robots, Supremacy of the Titans of Titanic Supremacy, Philosoboxing: Thinking in the Ring, Attack of the Zones, Gobling Hunterz, Seal Team Six: Secrets of the Deep, Darkstorm Chronicles, Burnt Rubber: Drive Fast or Go Home, Margaret Pennymarshall, Catwoman Isn't In This Game, Army of Two: HD Collection, Spider Rider
Contributors:
@bashkick, @VeritasUnae, @Shonen413, @agitamike, @paytongessel, @ChasebyKO, @Babylonian
Subscribe and rate us via iTunes, or click here for the direct feed: http://feeds.feedburner.com/FistfulOfPixels
Direct MP3 Download
NOTE: Today's episode also airs live on Twitch.
It's finally here: the last episode of The Next Great Starship! We're broadcasting live from the Youtube Studios… and we're inviting YOU to choose the winner! The show starts at 3 PM PST, and during the episode Backers can vote for which ship they think should be The Next Great Starship! The winner will be determined based on the poll and announced live during the stream.
To prepare you for the decision, we've updated every Star Citizen Hangar this week to display the two TNGS finalists. Take a look around and pick the one you like best before voting.
Sponsors for the competition include Alienware, AMD, Autodesk, Crytek, Cologne Game Lab, Maingear, Wacom and YouTube. The Next Great Starship airs Fridays at 6 pm Eastern/3 pm Pacific. Fans are encouraged to join the Roberts Space Industries YouTube channel at http://www.youtube.com/user/RobertsSpaceInd to watch.
A school employee with the Dallas Independent School District has been placed on administrative leave after cellphone video surfaced that captured the woman making a threat against Hispanic students at Roosevelt High School.
Barely 10 seconds, it's a brief video. During the video, a woman is identified as a Roosevelt High School employee and can be heard threatening Hispanic students by saying, “If you're here illegally, we can call immigration."
A DISD spokesperson issued the following written response:
“Dallas ISD is committed to providing safe and welcoming environments in educating all students. Yesterday, we were made aware of a social media post involving an employee who allegedly made questionable comments about immigration. The individual was placed on administrative leave. Dallas ISD schools embrace the diversity of our students and families and maintains its resolution to be welcoming and protective to the fullest extent of the law.”
Community activist Rene Martinez, with The League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), offered their response, too.
"That particular employee shared a feeling that I think is out there in the community right now," they said.
The student population in all of Dallas ISD is approximately 70 percent Hispanic. An estimated 2,000 are “dreamers," children of illegal immigrants who are in the DACA program that the Trump administration has threatened to end, unless Congress comes up with a solution.
"So, it's a climate that we're living under and the rhetoric that we're living under," Martinez said. "So it's totally unacceptable."
“They were pretty upset; like, they were pretty mad,” said Jamiya Dawson, a senior, of their classmate who recorded the comment.
Roosevelt is split almost 50-50 Hispanic and African American. And Dawson, an African American student, said they were shocked that an African American employee would make the comment.
"Growing up as a minority they know what type of things that we face,” Dawson said. “So why would they say something like that to another minority, a student at that?"
We don't know the context of the situation that led to the comment. We only have those few seconds of audio published by a student and sent to a Facebook group called Pleasant Grove Dallas Texas Latino Media.
"But at the same time there is no excuse for this type of behavior at our schools, especially coming from a person of authority over our students,” said David Villalobos, of the Texas Organizing Project.
"You wouldn't expect somebody that's supposed to be an example to us to say those types of things," Dawson added. "You just wouldn't."
Copyright 2016 WFAA
A dead bird that tested positive for West Nile virus has been found in Petaluma, the Marin/Sonoma Mosquito and Vector Control District District said Thursday.
The dead bird, an American crow, is the first infected bird found this year in the two counties and was found near Magnolia Avenue and Keokuk Street, said Nizza Sequeira, a spokesperson for the Marin/Sonoma Mosquito and Vector Control District.
West Nile virus is increasing throughout California, especially in areas where temperatures are high.
Mosquito abatement crews are currently patrolling neighborhoods in the Larkspur and Corte Madera areas.
Standing water, coupled with spikes in temperature create an ideal situation for rapid mosquito production and elevated levels of the virus within the mosquito, which makes transmission to humans, birds and animals more likely, Sequeira said.
"The mild weather has been in our favor this year, but should we see a sharp increase in temperatures for an extended period of time, we will likely begin to see more West Nile virus activity in the area," Sequeira said.
Increased surveillance efforts are already underway in the vicinity of the area where the dead bird was found and adult mosquito surveillance traps have been set to assess whether they are carrying the virus.
All known mosquito breeding sources are being monitored and technicians are scouring the area in search of other areas that may be producing mosquitoes.
The district is asking resident to eliminate standing water in rain barrels, old tires, buckets and kiddie pools and report neglected swimming pools, or any area other areas that could be producing mosquitoes.
Foreclosed homes with neglected swimming pools are also a concern since they can produce over 1 million mosquitoes each.
"The bottom line is that it if something looks like it could produce mosquitoes, it probably is, and should be reported to the district," Sequeira said.
Less than 1 percent of people infected with West Nile Virus develop serious illness, which can result in permanent neurological damage and may be fatal. Approximately 20 percent of those infected may experience mild symptoms like fever, headache, body aches, nausea, rashes, swollen lymph nodes and vomiting. Most people infected with the virus don't show any symptoms.
Residents are urged to report mosquito problems, neglected pools, or any area they suspect may be producing mosquitoes by calling 1-800-231-3236. Dead birds should be reported to the West Nile virus hotline 1-877-968-2473.
Comcast (NASDAQ: CMCSA) has been sued by Boston's WHDH-TV (channel 7) following its January decision to terminate its affiliation agreement for NBC with the station and start its own Bean Town O&O.
The suit was filed in a Boston federal court Thursday. It accuses Comcast of breach of contract and for violating antitrust laws. It also seeks to stop Comcast from breaking up with WHDH, as well as unspecified damages.
"Channel 7's claims are based upon Comcast's January announcement that it intends to terminate its 22-year relationship with WHDH as NBC's Boston affiliate at the end of 2016 and make its cable station New England Cable News the home of its new Boston station," WHDH said in a statement. "At the same time Comcast announced that it would broadcast its new station over the air from WNEU-TV, a Telemundo station located in Merrimack, New Hampshire."
WHDH and its owner, Sunbeam, are critical of this plan. "WNEU's signal does not reach nearly 4 million greater Boston residents who currently receive WHDH's signal, including residents in primarily minority communities such as Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan and Brockton," WHDH said in a statement.
For their part, NBCU executives say the WNEU infrastructure is only one option available to them as they decide how to broadcast the new station's signal.
WHDH also said this a violation of diversity promises Comcast made in 2011 when it purchased NBCUniversal.
"WHDH believes that Comcast has violated these conditions," station managers added. "It also believes that Comcast's actions violate Massachusetts law prohibiting unfair and deceptive business practices. Finally, WHDH believes that Comcast's actions violate federal and state antitrust laws because they have enabled Comcast to increase its monopoly power in the Boston television market, and the resulting decrease in competition will harm consumers, advertisers and other broadcasters."
NBCU responded with this statement: "NBC has had a long, mutually successful relationship with Sunbeam, which is expiring under the agreed-upon terms of WHDH's affiliation contract at the end of the year. We are disappointed that Sunbeam has chosen to file this meritless lawsuit, and that it has chosen to do so by constructing baseless claims against our parent company. Rest assured that we will continue to deliver Boston-area viewers the best local news, weather and information along with the NBC news, sports and entertainment programming they already enjoy."
For more:
- read this Boston Herald story
- read this Boston Business Journal story
- read this Boston Globe story
Related articles:
DirecTV signs retransmission deal with Sunbeam
NBC set to drop Boston affiliate, launch new Beantown O&O more focused on OTA business
The MMA Hour is back in your life on Monday with another loaded show. Here's who will be stopping by:
* Diego Sanchez will discuss their UFC on FUEL TV 1 fight against Jake Ellenberger on Feb. 15.
* Greg Jackson will discuss Carlos Condit's win over Nick Diaz.
* Cesar Gracie will explain why they think Diaz deserved to win the UFC 143 main event.
* Jason "Mayhem" Miller will discuss what's next for them and look back at UFC 143's main event between Nick Diaz and Carlos Condit.
* Dave Herman will preview their UFC on FUEL TV 1 fight against Stefan Struve.
* And MMAFighting.com's Ben Fowlkes will look back at UFC 143.
Got a question or comment? Give us a call at 1-888-418-4074.
Watch the show live below beginning at 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT. Subscribe to The MMA Hour on iTunes: audio feed here; video feed here. Download previous episodes here. Listen to the show via Stitcher here.
Part 1
Part 2
Major elements of President Trump's infrastructure initiative are facing staunch opposition from Democrats, increasing the likelihood that Republicans will have to go it alone.
Making a deal with Democrats on Trump's rebuilding plan was always going to be a challenge for the administration.
But Trump's sinking approval ratings, their polarizing tweets and their administration's move to block oversight requests from the minority party have further eroded Democrats' appetite to work with the president on one of their chief campaign promises.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The president doesn't make it any easier on himself,” said Democratic strategist Brad Bannon. “He's going to have a hard time getting Democratic votes.”
The White House formally launched its $1 trillion infrastructure push this week with a string of events aimed at ramping up support.
Infrastructure legislation has long been billed as one of the few things that could receive broad bipartisan support this Congress, with Trump at one point calling Democrats “desperate” for such an initiative.
But Trump kicked off their infrastructure campaign Monday by announcing a proposal to separate air traffic control from the federal government — one of the most controversial infrastructure ideas floated by the administration so far, and one that was quickly rejected by Democrats.
“Trump's ‘infrastructure week' appears to be little more than a Trojan Horse for undermining workers' wages and handing massive tax breaks to billionaires and corporations,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said in a statement.
“Trump's ideas for privatizing Air Traffic Control — which recycle a tired Republican plan that both sides of the aisle have rejected — would hand control of one of our nation's most important public assets to special interests and the big airlines.”
The proposal would transfer the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) air traffic control operations to an independent outside agency over three years “at no charge,” removing 30,000 FAA employees from the federal payroll. The FAA would still maintain safety oversight.
A similar spinoff plan for air traffic control stalled on the House floor last year because it lacked the votes to pass. Supporters of the proposal hope Trump's leadership will help erode opposition this time around.
On the Democratic side of the aisle, however, Trump's endorsement appeared to have the opposite effect.
Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) took to the Senate floor to bash the plan, while their office blasted out a fact sheet seeking to rebut claims that the administration has made about efforts to upgrade the country's infrastructure.
“Privatization, whether it's for the construction of roads and bridges or in aviation, often leaves the average American with the short end of the stick and gives big corporations way too much power,” Schumer said.
“If this week is all about privatization, it will be another broken promise that President Trump made to the working people of America.”
The remarks from Schumer and Pelosi are a far cry from their statements following Trump's election. At the time, both leaders mentioned infrastructure as an area where they would be willing to work with Trump, though they always maintained they would only support the package under certain conditions.
Pelosi emphasized that their party is still willing to work with the GOP on the issue, but said that the “Republican Congress must stop pushing plans that fail to create good-paying jobs for hard-working Americans.”
Trump's infrastructure proposal, which was outlined in their budget request last month, would spend $200 billion to inject $1 trillion worth of overall investment into the nation's transportation system by largely incentivizing private firms to back projects.
The private-sector model has raised concern among Democrats and rural Republicans who fear investors would only be attracted to projects that can recoup their revenue cost through tolls or user fees.
“A private-sector-driven infrastructure plan means tolls, tolls, tolls — paid by average working Americans,” Schumer said.
Democrats have also panned the administration's budget request for proposing major cuts to several transportation programs, while at the same time advocating for increased infrastructure investment, which Schumer called a “sleight of hand.”
Several groups of Democrats have signaled that they would prefer to move ahead with their own infrastructure plans, including the Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC), which recently outlined a $2 trillion proposal in an effort to create a contrast with Trump.
“In reality, President Trump and Congressional Republicans are pushing a trillion-dollar corporate giveaway that would create tax incentives for Wall Street to privatize our roads, bridges, sanitation systems, and utilities, while raising tolls, fees, and bills — all through taxpayer subsidies,” the CPC outline says.
But there are other factors that are likely holding Democrats back from working with Trump on infrastructure.
With Republicans struggling to enact their legislative agenda, and Trump besieged by the FBI's investigation into Russian election meddling, Democrats see little reason to deliver the administration a win.
“The reality is, it's hard to convince anybody to do anything when you have a 36 percent job approval rating, because no one fears you,” Bannon said.
Further stoking Democratic outrage is a new policy from the White House allowing federal agencies to ignore requests for information from lawmakers in the minority party unless they have approval from a committee or subcommittee chair. In practice, the policy gives Republicans the power to stop all Democratic requests for documents.
Meanwhile, the president on Monday reignited public feuds with the mayor of London, the media, Democrats and their own Justice Department in a recent series of tweets. The firestorm is only likely to further drive Democrats away.
“This isn't news, but there's something wrong with this guy… This is a president who is completely out of control,” Rep. Dan Kildee (D-Mich.), who has been pushing to upgrade the country's water infrastructure, told CNN on Monday. “He's the president of the United States. He's not some guy with a blog.”
Democratic opposition to the infrastructure proposal could backfire, however, with Trump almost certain to label Democrats “obstructionists” if their infrastructure proposal fails to make headway in Congress.
But Democrats are betting their strategy of distancing themselves from the White House will pay off, especially as the party seeks to pull off a win in Georgia's open House race, where they hope to use the special election as proof of a brewing backlash against Trump.
“If Democrats win in Georgia 6, it's going to be a lot harder for the president to get them to go along with anything,” Bannon said.
24 hours is 86,400 seconds. But it's much more than that. Above all, it's an infinite number of moments. Little episodes. Big successes. The whole range of human emotions coalesces in the fascination that surrounds Le Mans, year after year. Told by those who have experienced it again and again over the years.
JACKY ICKX
The High
1977
“After three hours we thought we'd lost the race. My 936 was out, and I joined up with Jürgen Barth and Hurley Haywood. But they were having trouble as well. We were in 42nd place. I still can't get my head around what happened next. It was this euphoric state. I drove the whole night through at top speed, always at the limit. In rain and fog. I just got faster and faster. 42nd, 35th, 28th, 20th, ninth, sixth, fifth. Everyone felt that we could achieve the unimaginable. Jürgen and Hurley drove faster than ever, and the mechanics did an incredible job. I didn't feel tired at all. Then we took the lead. On Sunday morning I was totally spent. In the end, Jürgen hauled the 936 across the line with only five cylinders. I wouldn't have been able to.
“There are a lot of great stories about a lot of races. But 1977 stands out. That was a once-in-a-lifetime thing. Races like that have made Porsche a legend.”
HANS HERRMANN
The Promise
1970
“I lost to Jacky Ickx in 1969 after we'd spent the last hour and a half overtaking each other several times each lap. In 1970, Ferdinand Piëch ensured that we had a good chance to go for the win with a more powerful engine. Being able to win just a year after losing by a hair was of course very special. It was also the first overall victory for Porsche —and it was my last race. I announced my retirement from racing after that. I had promised my wife. They had started to press me a year or two before because of the many friends we had lost. And I knew it myself: there was no reason I should have all the luck, and at some point my luck might run out. It was very moving that all of these factors came together in 1970. I don't remember if I shed any tears or not. But I certainly could have—I'm pretty emotional.”
RICHARD ATTWOOD
Strange Goings-On
1970
“We won under odd circumstances. In February, Hel­muth Bott, who was then board member for development, asked me what car I wanted for the 24 Hours of Le Mans. I told them three things: First, I wanted the 4.5-liter twelve-cylinder instead of the 5-liter engine, which I thought was less reliable. Second, I wanted the ‘Kurzheck' [short-tail] version of the 917 because the long-tail version was so fidgety. Third, I wanted Hans Herrmann as my partner, because they knew how you have to pace yourself with the material to get through the long race. I got everything. And then we qualified in 15th. At that moment I thought I had made the biggest mistake of my life. We wouldn't stand a chance against the 5-liter engines. We weren't competitive and could only hope that the cars in front of us would have problems. And that's exactly what happened.”
PETER FALK
The Solitary One
1987
“At Le Mans we wanted to enter three cars, as always, and had built a fourth 962 as a spare. It was customary in those days for the drivers to test-drive all the cars in Weissach before traveling to France. Hans-Joachim Stuck damaged one of the cars irreparably in the process. So there were only three. That's what we took to Le Mans. In one of the free practice sessions, Price Cobb had a serious accident with their car. So then there were only two. We started the race with those two cars. After just under an hour, Jochen Mass came into the pit. The engine was kaput. I think a piston burned through. So there was only one … There were still 23 hours to go, almost the entire race, and we had just one iron in the fire, the 962 of Stuck, Derek Bell, and Al Holbert. The situation was extremely exhausting and exhilarating for me as the race director and the whole team: What would happen with just one car left? It went well. We won.”
NORBERT SINGER
Doing the Homework
1982
“Sweeping the podium is a great moment. I was cautious going into the race. The 956 was a completely new car. You can't go into every race saying, Hurray, we're going for the win! You have to see how things go—getting through 24 hours is no easy task. This win was perfect and actually somewhat surprising. We had taken our job very seriously. A few years before that we had made a mistake. In 1979, Ernst Fuhrmann was still with Porsche and they said to us engineers, ‘What do you say if we drive Le Mans this year? There's practically no competition.' Basically, we just had to show up and walk off with the victory. And what happened? We didn't reach the finish line with either car—we lost even without competition. You can trip over your own feet as well. Having experienced that, I really enjoyed the win in 1982. The 956 went straight into the mu­seum. It's the car that hangs from the ceiling.”
GIJS VAN LENNEP
The Unforgettable One
1971
“My first overall victory was, of course, unforgettable. Helmut Marko and I were driving a Porsche 917 Kurzheck. We found out only later that it had a superlight magnesium tubular frame. They didn't want to make us nervous. Le Mans is special and exhilarating. To win there is beyond comparison. But more than the victory, another image from 1971 has burned its way into my memory. Even now, I frequently see the image before me. It was night and I was driving down the Mulsanne straight at over 217 mph. And then I saw a fire. Fuel was running over the track. A burning car from one of the smaller classes had—luckily for me—already come to a stop at the edge of the track, and fortunately at the moment I wasn't battling it out with someone or lapping another car. I saw the yellow flags and drove past the accident at walking speed. And at that moment I looked over to the left …”
MANFRED JANTKE
The Wakeup Call
1978
“The region on the Sarthe is generally characterized by a slow pace of life. And then once a year the fastest cars in the world come to visit. Speed rules the roost, bringing excitement, noise, and danger. The drivers experience a similar study in contrasts. As the race director, I often woke the drivers for their turns. Those were special moments, and there were big differences. The physically the strongest driver was definitely Jochen Mass. They were really never tired, hardly needed any sleep, and even found time to tend to the ladies. Jacky Ickx was always immediately present when you woke him. But some could barely handle the demands and had to be shaken out of a deep sleep of exhaustion. They'd only just come to before having to get behind the wheel. And in those days, the cars were incredibly loud. It must have felt like going from the bosom of Abraham into some hellish machine.”
JÜRGEN BARTH
The Surprise
1982
“It was one of my jobs to look after customer teams, and I was responsible for organizational things like accommodations, food, tickets, and stuff like that. At the same time, I was also a reserve driver, and I always hoped for a chance to drive, like in 1982: Hurley Haywood, who was sharing a 956 with Al Holbert, had to pull out with stomach problems. Their stomach was their Achilles' heel. I was notified at around 11 p.m., and hopped right into my racing suit. My colleagues joked that I'd put something in Hurley's food so that I could drive. It was nonsense, of course. In the car, my enthusiasm dimmed somewhat because I couldn't help noticing that Hurley and Al both had narrower hips than I did. My hips only fit in the seat sideways; I was constantly shifting from one side to the other. We came in third. At the start, I had no idea that I would take part. Sunday, I was on the podium.”
RUDI LINS
The Spray
1970
“I drove three times at Le Mans, but 1970 is the year that has stuck in my memory the most. Together with Helmut Marko, we won the prototype and index classes and came in third overall in the Porsche 908. That night it rained cats and dogs. Rain, rain, rain for hours. No one who hasn't experienced that can imagine what that means for a driver at Le Mans. If you want to overtake a car, first you have to dive into the spray. You can't see a thing, you have no idea what's behind the spray: One car? Two? For a while Hans Herrmann and I were driving together at night. That was good, because we knew who we had around us. For Helmut Marko and me, there was also the fact that our car was an open one. At the end of a turn we were soaking wet—if not from sweat, than from the rain. I was just 24, a young'un.”
HANS-JOACHIM STUCK
Centrifugal Forces
1985
“My Le Mans moment lasted three minutes and 14.8 seconds. Pole position with the Porsche 962 C, a perfect lap. And because the Mulsanne straight was later defanged through the addition of chicanes, it will likely be a record for the ages. The 962 is the best race car that I ever drove. Brute force and unbelievable ground effects. The centrifugal forces were enormous, and there was no power steering. You needed the condition of a bear and a lot of courage. I just had one run because of the tires. Start, Dunlop curve, left, right through the Esses. At Tertre Rouge I was pushing the traction limits. But the corner is so important for your speed on the Mulsanne straight, and it was right on. Fifty seconds of flooring it, then brake from 224 mph for the Mulsanne corner and jump back on the gas as soon as possible. Indianapolis, Arnage, Porsche curves, Maison Blanche, Ford chicane, and you're done. In those three minutes my concentration was sharp as a knife. It was just me and that Porsche at Le Mans.”
Memories recorded by Eva-Maria Burkhardt and Heike Hientzsch
Photos by Rafael Krötz
Always know where magnetic north is. This anklet uses a compass module and pager vibrators so your brain will always know where magnetic north is.
Plus, you get to DIY it all together, you're soldering genius, you!
An entire science fair project all in one little kit.
The North Paw Directional Anklet Kit is an entire science experiment in one little kit. Actually, it's many. Nothing funny here; let's just get right to the awesome. First, you get the joy of soldering together a really snazzy kit. DIY-ing things is fun. But then, once you've assembled your North Paw Directional Anklet Kit, the real crazy fun begins.
As you probably guessed from the name, the North Paw Directional Anklet Kit goes on your ankle. It has a compass module which powers 8 pager vibrating motors which surround your leg. Whichever direction magnetic north is, that's which motor vibrates. So, wearing your North Paw Directional Anklet will allow your brain to always know where magnetic north is. But the science experiment hasn't ended there.
Eventually, your brain begins to tune out the vibration (your brain is wacky and tends to quiet constant stimuli from your conscious mind) and you just "know" where north is. BUT IT DOESN'T END THERE! Some studies have reported, after prolonged use of the North Paw Directional Anklet (and/or similar directional stimulation methods), folks experience a very odd sense of direction (slight disorientation) for a couple of days after stopping using it - almost like your brain is lost. The North Paw Directional Anklet Kit is a whole buncha science experiments crammed into one tiny little kit. The bonus is: you'll always know which direction your toilets are facing (ours are north-northeast).
North Paw Directional Anklet Kit
Study: Organic Milk Contains More Healthy Fatty Acids
The journal PLoS ONE has a new study that finds organic whole milk has more heart-healthy omega-3 fatty acids than conventional milk. It's being cited by organics advocates as clear evidence that organic milk is more nutritionally beneficial than conventional milk.
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
Say you're at the store, and you reach into the dairy case. There's organic milk, or you could go for the regular. There's a big difference in price. So is there any reason to pay more? Well, fresh research published in the journal PLoS ONE could help you make up your mind. NPR's food and health correspondent Allison Aubrey joins us to talk about it. And Allison, what are the results from this new study?
ALLISON AUBREY, BYLINE: Hi there, Melissa. Well, the headline here is that this study finds that organic milk has a significant nutritional advantage over conventional milk, and it has to do with differences in the amount of omega-3 fatty acids they contain.
BLOCK: And why would omega-3 fatty acids be so valuable?
AUBREY: Well, they've been shown to help promote brain health, help fend off inflation. They can, for instance, help lower triglycerides, a type of fat in our blood. And the evidence suggested that they cut the risk of heart disease in type 2 diabetes. Now, most people think of omega-3 fatty acids and immediately think of fish, which of course, is an excellent source of omega-3s. But it turns out that there're also omega-3s in other foods, including nuts, leafy greens and dairy.
Now, organic dairy farmers have long promoted the idea that there is a benefit to drinking organic milk because it contains more omega-3s. But until now, they just really haven't had much evidence.
BLOCK: And that brings us to the study, which as you say, does seem to show that organic milk does contain more of these omega-3s.
AUBREY: That's right. The researchers compared organic and conventional milk head-to-head. They analyzed about 400 samples over an 18-month period, to account for seasonal differences. And the samples were taken from, you know, all different parts of the country. And they found that organic milk had about 62 percent more of the heart healthy omega-3s, compared to conventional milk.
And the lead researcher at Washington State University, who I talked to about the study, said - you know, they were quite surprised. They didn't expect such a big difference.
BLOCK: And was there any explanation for the finding why organic milk would have significantly higher levels of these omega-3s?
AUBREY: Sure. It really comes down to watch what the cows were eating. Organic milk is produced from cows that spend a lot more time out on pasture, and they're munching on grasses and legumes. And these greens are rich in omega-3 fatty acids. So as a result, the milk they produce has more omega-3 fatty acids.
On the other hand, conventional milk is more likely to come from cows that spend most of their time in barns or confined. Instead of grazing, they are fed a diet that contains a lot of corn, which has very little omega-3s. So that's the basic difference here.
BLOCK: Well, this has been a big debate - right, Allison? - in the food world. Do organic products and, in this case, dairy products really provide a clear nutritional benefit? Does this study give you an answer to that?
AUBREY: That's right. I mean, I think if you're asking broadly are they showing nutritional benefits for buying organic all the time, no. But if you're looking at the issue of milk, I think the study shows that yes, there's a benefit in terms of getting more omega-3 fat acids from organic milk, compared to conventional milk.
But you know, I should say that there's a trade-off here because in order to get all these extra omega-3s, you've got to drink whole milk. And you know, if you opt for the low-fat dairy - say, 1 percent fat -you've skimmed off most of these omega-3s. So the question is, you know, can you afford the extra calories in fat. If you choose the whole milk, you might need to trim a few calories from elsewhere in your diet.
BLOCK: I have to say, Allison, it did give me pause when I read that the study was partially funded by the organic dairy industry. Are people calling into question these findings and whether they're tainted by that money?
AUBREY: I don't think that people are calling into question the findings - as to whether they were tainted by the funding source - because this is becoming increasingly common in nutrition research. The way this worked is that there was partial funding by organic dairy producers. But the organic dairy producers had no role in the design of the study, or in the analysis. That was all done by the university.
I will say that some people will call into question whether this study is enough to convince people that there are clear health benefits. I think some dairy scientists are saying hey, we'd like to see more research, to show that these extra omega-3s in the organic milk are having some kind of benefit on cardiovascular health.
BLOCK: OK. NPR's Allison Aubrey. Allison, thanks.
AUBREY: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
You're listening to ALL THINGS CONSIDERED, from NPR News.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2013 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Israel National News, Israel
[Click Here for More Cartoons]
The Perils for Latin Americans of Obama's 'Fear-Inspired' Re-Election (Opera Mundi, Brazil)
"From a Brazilian point of view, this new phase begins with certainty that nothing (good) can be expected of Obama's second coming. A comparison of the agendas of Brasilia and Washington show a predominance of conflict points ... The U.S. will continue to sabotage regional integration in South America - a priority of both Presidents Lula and Dilma - by means of bilateral agreements and drawing a line across the Pacific. New military bases will be built and attempts will be made, wherever feasible, to remove progressive governments from power, either through support for right-wing political forces or coup d'état."
By Igor Fuser
Translated By Gemma Bouchereau
December 10, 2012
Brazil - Opera Mundi - Original Article (Portuguese)
The first Black president of a racist nation, Barack Obama came to the White House four years ago amid a sea of positive expectations, both nationally and internationally. For their first term, people had faith in their commitment to the welfare of ordinary citizens and more peaceful stance on the global scene. What a bitter illusion. Obama bowed to the interests of Wall Street at the expense of millions of their fellow citizens who impacted by the financial crisis, and they maintained a truculent foreign policy that was almost identical to that of their predecessor.
What led Obama to victory this time was not hope, but fear inspired by their far-right rival - a carrier of delusional ideas. Now there is no turning back. The empire will continue its slow decline, punctuated only by military aggressions in outlying countries.
Posted by Worldmeets.US
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bethany Bell's recent visit to the house where Adolf Hitler was born
Adolf Hitler's birthplace will turned into a base for a disability charity, it has been announced.
The decision comes a day after Austria's parliament passed a law allowing it to seize the house following years of controversy.
Owner Gerlinde Pommer had repeatedly refused to sell the building in Braunau am Inn, or allow renovations.
There had been calls for the building to be pulled down to prevent it becoming a shrine for neo-Nazis.
But on Thursday Interior Minister Wolfgang Sobotka, who had previously said they wanted to see it demolished, Braunau mayor Johannes Waidbacher and provincial governor Josef Puehringer met and decided to keep the building.
In a statement, the three said keeping it standing would be "a life-affirming message" and "a clear symbol against the crimes committed by Hitler".
Mr Puehringer added that destroying the structure where the Nazi dictator was born in 1889 would have fuelled accusations of "tearing down a piece of burdensome history".
Instead, officials want to remodel the property's facade to eliminate its draw, and are offering it to Lebenshilfe, a charity which supports people with learning difficulties.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hitler's birthplace (pictured) will be used by a charity
The building had previously been used by the charity as a day centre and workshop for people with special needs.
But it was forced to move out several years ago when Mrs Pommer blocked renovations.
The former inn remained empty for many years, while the government paid Mrs Pommer a generous rent in an attempt to prevent the three-storey building being used as a site for neo-Nazi tourism.
Hitler was born in a rented room on the top floor of the building, near the Austro-German border, on 20 April 1889.
During Nazi rule, the house was transformed into a shrine to Hitler as the town drew in a wave of tourists.
But as the Nazis began to lose control in 1944, it was shut up.
Locals say it still attracts neo-Nazi sympathisers to Braunau am Inn, despite the efforts of local authorities to prevent this.
Mrs Pommer will now be given compensation.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/16N87
— The Raleigh police officer injured Wednesday afternoon was shot by friendly fire, the department found in a review of the incident.
The preliminary investigation of the injury to Officer C.N. Chandler shows that theirs was hit when another officer fired their gun.
The shooting happened at about 2:40 p.m. Wednesday as officers with the Raleigh Police Department responded to a residential break-in call at 1230 University Court, at the Lake Park Condominiums, a complex near the intersection of Avent Ferry and Lake Dam roads.
Chandler, Officer R.D. VanHouten and Officer T.A. Dunford encountered Chijioke Kennedy Madueke, 28, who was armed with a knife, and one of the officers fired their weapon to subdue Madueke.
Chandler and Madueke were both taken to WakeMed for treatment of non-life-threatening injuries.
Chandler was released Thursday, and Madueke remained at WakeMed.
Police said Madueke was evicted from a condo they were renting for not paying rent. An eviction notice was served on Madueke on Oct. 24 by the owner, Siddharth Patel. Patel wrote about Madueke saying, "he is also physical, they pushed me with intent to hit."
On Wednesday, deputies returned to the condo with Patel to change the locks so that Madueke would not be able to get inside. According to a 911 call, Makueke tried to break in the condo.
"I had an eviction this morning. The Sheriff came out and we did a lock out, uh, the tenant broke in and entered the premise and they are there right, they are there," the 911 caller said.
Investigators said Madueke had a knife and got into a struggle with Chandler. During the encounter, both men were shot.
Rahem Bryant moved to the apartment complex less than a month ago and said the scene they came home to Wednesday afternoon is not the neighborhood they have come to know over the past three weeks.
"I just got home and a whole bunch of police tape is out here and everything," they said. "[The neighborhood] is peaceful. I don't really see any trouble out of no one; never loud, no loud music or anything. It's surprising. "
Bryant said, despite the incident, they aren't afraid to keep living in the area.
"I feel like it's still going to be a safe place, just something happened," they said.
Madueke's upstairs neighbor, Meredith Dann, said they often tried to get their attention by yelling at them
"I would ignore him," Dann said. "I had nothing to say to (him). I don't like being catcalled like that. It is so disrespectful."
Mayor Nancy McFarlane issued this statement after the shooting:
"Today, there are many questions related to the shooting that occurred yesterday afternoon that left both the suspect and a Raleigh police officer injured. As is standard practice, the State Bureau of Investigation is conducting an independent investigation of yesterday's events that will be reported directly to the Wake County District Attorney's office. Consistent with City policy, the City will complete a five-day report for the city manager, which will then be distributed to the City Council and the public. The five-day report allows the appropriate time to review the incident, take witness statements, and outline the facts as they are known at the time.
“I do not have additional information to share at this time. I do ask the public to join me in wishing all those involved a speedy recovery and I would echo what we've heard recently in our Community Conversations: As a community we need to support each other in difficult times and not make assumptions or rush to judgment. We are able to face adversity when we stand together as a community.”
The three officers were placed on administrative assignment, which is standard procedure after an officer fires a weapon in the line of duty.
Chandler joined the Raleigh Police Department in 2013. VanHouten started with the RPD 2010, and Duford joined in 2011.
Madueke was charged with felony assault in August 2015 when Cary police said they tried to stab their brother with a steak knife. A month later, Madueke pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault and was sentenced to 30 days in jail. They were a student at Wake Tech from 2009-2012, although they did not earn a degree.
Cite this articleHide citations
CLOSE
MLA
Garber, Megan. "Mirror, mirror: The New York Times wants to serve you info as you're brushing your teeth." Nieman Journalism Lab. Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard, 31 Aug. 2011. Web. 26 Feb. 2019.
APA
Garber, M. (2011, Aug. 31). Mirror, mirror: The New York Times wants to serve you info as you're brushing your teeth. Nieman Journalism Lab. Retrieved February 26, 2019, from http://www.niemanlab.org/2011/08/mirror-mirror-the-new-york-times-wants-to-serve-you-info-as-youre-brushing-your-teeth/
Chicago
Garber, Megan. "Mirror, mirror: The New York Times wants to serve you info as you're brushing your teeth." Nieman Journalism Lab. Last modified August 31, 2011. Accessed February 26, 2019. http://www.niemanlab.org/2011/08/mirror-mirror-the-new-york-times-wants-to-serve-you-info-as-youre-brushing-your-teeth/.
Wikipedia
{{cite web
| url = http://www.niemanlab.org/2011/08/mirror-mirror-the-new-york-times-wants-to-serve-you-info-as-youre-brushing-your-teeth/
| title = Mirror, mirror: The New York Times wants to serve you info as you're brushing your teeth
| last = Garber
| first = Megan
| work = [[Nieman Journalism Lab]]
| date = 31 August 2011
| accessdate = 26 February 2019
| ref = {{harvid|Garber|2011}}
}}
Advertisement
Watching TV has never been easier, with apps for smartphones and tablets streaming live pictures to your handheld device. It's been tougher for desktop users, but with the release of Windows 8 several apps have come along that make enjoying TV on your computer much easier.
Desktop and notebook owners have long had the advantage of TV cards and USB signal converters that enable the capture, display and recording of TV signals How to Record TV Shows on a PC: 5 Methods That Work How to Record TV Shows on a PC: 5 Methods That Work You can record TV shows on your PC, but it depends on how you're receiving the video signal. We explain what that means and the options you have. Read More from terrestrial, satellite and cable providers. However, setting up these devices can be tricky, and in the case of the USB solutions, a drain on your system resources. While there are various standalone client apps that stream TV to your computer, Windows 8 has several apps that make watching television much easier.
The following apps are all free from the Windows 8 Store.
In the UK, TVCatchup has a huge user-base across the various mobile platforms and has also been released on Windows 8. Although considered by some to be somewhat notorious (it has been the subject of court cases as it essentially uses a legal loophole to rebroadcast live content across the web), this free, ad-supported app offers the majority of the UK's free-to-air TV channels.
Despite the name, TVCatchup doesn't actually offer any delayed viewing facility.
There is a good chance that the service – which has already been reduced thanks to some legal defeats – will be retired or pivoted in the near future, so take advantage of TVCatchup while you still can!
TVCatchup is available on a number of mobile platforms and as a plugin for XBMC Watch TV Shows on XBMC With These Add-Ons Watch TV Shows on XBMC With These Add-Ons Do you love TV? Then you also love XBMC, even if you don't know it yet. The ultimate media center software offers a wide variety of ways for you to catch up with your favorite... Read More .
Produced by FilmOn TV Inc, these three free apps are essentially the same, offering a vast selection of channels from the US, Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Why so many apps have been released offering the same content with the same user interface isn't clear; however, the standard definition streams are available free and can be upgraded to HD upon the paying of a small fee (requires an account).
After launch, the app will run a speed check to see what your system is capable of, before providing a list of available channels. While you might encounter a few more adverts than usual, the app offers a full screen view.
Another free app, Zenga TV purports to offer a range of Indian and international live TV (including movies) to Windows 8 users.
This well-regarded app is largely focussed on Indian and Asian content, however, so if you're looking for US or European entertainment this isn't going to fulfill that requirement.
ZengaTV has a good user interface, full screen view and a large selection of channels to view, including a lot of movies. If you're a fan of martial arts and Bruce Lee/Bruceploitation movies, this app is particularly recommended!
Live TV Channel Apps
In addition to single apps offering a variety of channels for you to watch on your Windows 8 PC or tablet, there are also several single channel apps available.
These offer just one channel that can be streamed to your device, typically delivering news content. In some cases, apps might offer a group of closely-related channels.
Such apps include:
Sky News – combines a user-driven menu of the latest stories with a live feed from the Sky News TV channel.
France 24-MCD-RFI – delivers international news on TV and radio to your Windows 8 computer in 12 worldwide languages including English and French.
RT On Air – this is Russia Today in English and Arabic, offering live feeds from RT America, RT Global, RT Arabic and RT Spanish.
Other TV Apps Are Available
What we have listed above is the best selection of live TV apps for Windows 8 at the time of writing. Others are available for the desktop mode, of course, adding more ways for you to watch online TV legally and free Yes, You CAN Watch TV Online Legally & For Free Yes, You CAN Watch TV Online Legally & For Free Everyone knows that there are lots of illegal ways to watch your favorite shows online, but there are also plenty of perfectly legal (and free) ways. Here are some of the best... Read More .
Of course, other apps are available, offering streamed TV shows and movies, but these offer an on-demand service. I'm thinking here of apps such as Hulu and Netflix, the latter of which seems to be available on virtually any platform How To Access Netflix On Almost Every Platform Known To Man How To Access Netflix On Almost Every Platform Known To Man I don't like horror movies. Classic horror I can cope with; I enjoy Alfred Hitchcock's psychological horror, for instance, but I'm not a fan of scares and gore, as a rule. My wife, on the... Read More (except Linux).
You will also find a big selection on-demand TV apps that offer programming by genre, such as a collection of favourite shows from iFood.tv, for instance, or a bunch of kids' TV shows presented through a single app interface. There's even a Top Gear News channel app, offering clips from the cult car show along with behind the scenes exclusives and more (although at present this links to lots of external content that cannot run within the app).
Let us know if you find any apps that you think should be added to this list, or if you have anything to share about the apps we've covered.
A Victoria police officer who won a human-rights complaint against the force says "on the ground" experience led them to support drug legalization – and they say they don't think he's alone on the force.
Constable David Bratzer was awarded $20,000 last week after the B.C. Human Rights Tribunal ruled the Victoria Police Department violated their rights by preventing them from advocating for legalization. A civil-liberties group describes the ruling as precedent-setting.
Constable Bratzer filed the complaint after the force barred them from participating in the group Law Enforcement Against Prohibition, which advocates for regulated legalization of illicit drugs. They were also banned from speaking at a panel discussing harm reduction in Victoria.
Story continues below advertisement
Constable Bratzer said they formed their views on legalization after joining in the force in 2007 and noticing repeat arrests of addicts. They said they think many officers across forces hold similar beliefs.
"Police officers have valuable, on the ground experience when it comes to difficult issues that society grapples with and the tribunal recognized that," they said in an interview.
"There are lots of officers who do question this issue, but I think a lot of those same officers looked at what I was going through and the experiences I had and the effects on my career and said to themselves, I don't want that to happen to me."
The human-rights tribunal concluded that by restricting Constable Brazter's off-duty activity as a drug-policy reform advocate, the Victoria Police Department was discriminating on the basis of political belief. The 86-page decision was released on April 20, the same day plans for Canada-wide legalization were announced.
Micheal Vonn, policy director of the B.C. Civil Liberties Association, said the case clarified when a person's individual right to political participation crosses the line into breaching duty of loyalty to an employer.
"Broad-based, non-evidence-based concerns, are not enough to ground the employer's right to curtail your public speech in relation to a political view," Ms. Vonn said.
They said instances in which an employee does not speak up for political beliefs off-duty are common. An example, they said, is government employees who wish to advocate off-duty for changes to environmental regulation but are reluctant to do so.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"It's critical to understand that you are not undermining the law by advocating, legally advocating, for change in the law."
Legally, employees are allowed to advocate off-duty for their political beliefs, they said, and added that in Constable Bratzer's case, they were careful not to compromise their employer with their political actions.
Darby Beck, the chief operating officer of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition, the group that Constable Bratzer wanted to participate in, said thousands of its members, primarily in the United States, have law-enforcement backgrounds and a handful, between five and 10, are active-duty officers.
"This sets a standard that more officers will be able to come forward and talk about what they believe in," they said.
The force issued a statement that said it accepted the decision.
"From the [Victoria Police Department's] perspective, we are pleased that the tribunal recognized our good faith efforts," said acting Chief Constable Del Manak in a statement.
Story continues below advertisement
"It is important to accept this decision, learn what we can from it, and move forward as an institution."
Trends start everyday: an idea is adopted, passed on and before you know if it's being discussed on design blogs. However, most trends vanish as quickly as they appeared. To paraphrase Andy Warhol, everything will be trendy for 15 minutes. Once in a while, an idea is found to have something so fundamental about it that it thrives, even after the initial clamor dies down. Responsive design was one such ‘trend' and flat-design looks like becoming another.
Flat design — which is more of a rejection of 3D artifice than it is a style — fits so perfectly into the contemporary landscape that it's already hard to envisage a time when it wasn't de rigueur.
To help you take the leap into flat design we've put together this great freebie: A free flat UI kit designed especially for Webdesigner Depot by Freepik. As you know, Freepik.com is a leading search engine that indexes vectors, PSDs and photos free for personal and commercial use. It's a great resource for graphic designers as their engine locates free graphic content and it displays the results in an orderly layout for easy access.
See the full preview below and subscribe below to download the file. You can use the file for personal and commercial uses. Enjoy and share this with your friends!
Friday, June 6th 2014 Nails
A month or so ago, I joined a great Facebook group for kiwi nail polish addicts, and it's really rekindled my love of nail polish. Polish was like my gateway drug into my makeup addiction, but I hadn't been as into it recently, beyond painting my nails each week.
In this group, I was exposed to some incredible NZ indie nail polish brands, and through an arduous process I decided to make my first indie polish purchase from Star Kin by Every Sensory. When they arrived (of course I couldn't limit myself to one, but I'll review the other at a later date) I was so excited. I ordered on Thursday, they were shipped on Friday afternoon, and arrived on Wednesday – considering Monday was a public holiday, I was quite pleased with that. They were really well packaged in bubble wrap, and they even included a small hand-poured soap, a few lollies, and a lovely note. This is what I love about buying from small businesses – the personal touch.
Today I'm going to be reviewing Indigo I Promise – described as “a very deep blue crelly base, jam packed with copper micro glitter and copper shimmer”. I had to search and find out what crelly is – according to XOXOJen's glossary, it means: creme-jelly. Squishy but not translucent enough to be called jelly. The more you know!
I liked the packaging – sturdy and stylish
The polish applied well, and was actually almost opaque in one coat, but I did a second to make sure it looked perfect.
Here's how my nails looked after a single coat
The glitter in it is quite fine so it distributed evenly, no clumping up or anything. In different lights this polish looks almost purple, so I've been finding myself looking at my hands quite a lot, inspecting my nails. I think this dark colour is perfect for heading into winter, and the copper paired with blue makes such an interesting effect. It's unlike nothing that you would find in normal department stores, and is a good price too – $14NZD for a 15ml bottle, with $5 shipping per order.
Two coats of polish, one of Sally Hansen Instadri top coat.
I like that I'm supporting a very small business, as far as I know it's just run by one person out of their home, and the product is as of a similar high quality to those bought in stores. Star Kin have a range of great polishes that change regularly. I will definitely be buying more in the future!
Edit: Star Kin polishes are now being sold via the Peacock Pie store on Etsy
PS: my cuticles are a bit of a state in this picture, but a product from Lush is working it's magic on them. Read more about it in my post on nzgirl.
Comments
comments
The police union has called on ACT Policing to consider fitting video cameras that continuously record to the lapels of its officers.
The technology, which is being considered by Victorian Police, would provide vital evidence on an officer's interaction with alleged criminals, deter assaults on officers and further protect them from complaints, according to the Australian Federal Police Association.
Chief executive officer Jim Torr has called on ACT Policing to investigate whether lapel cameras would be an effective law enforcement tool in the territory.
The proposal comes after ACT Policing confirmed it was in the process of purchasing high definition Taser cameras, which would record the moments before the use of the controversial weapon.
Mr Torr said lapel cameras would record continuously while an officer was on duty, with the footage overwriting itself after a certain period of time.
More than 3,000 volunteers from tribes across Iraq's Anbar Province amassed on November 5 at the Ayn Al-Asad military base in the Hit district, according to a security source at the Anbar Operations Command.
The security source told RFE/RL's correspondent in Iraq that the volunteers are from tribes in Ramadi and from areas around Haditha, Anah, Rawa, and Al-Qa'im. Another 1,500 fighters have also arrived at the base from Haditha township.
According to the security source, these volunteers are being supplied with weapons and ammunition ahead of a 10- to 15-day military training course.
Expert military advisers from the United States are also present at the Ayn Al-Asad base, the source said.
Following the military training, the volunteers are expected to take part in a security campaign against Islamic State (IS) gunmen in Anbar Province.
Iraqi elite forces have also been dispatched to Anbar and will be deployed in desert areas near Kubaisqa in an attempt to disrupt IS supply lines.
The news of the boost in training for Anbar tribesmen comes after reports of massacres carried out by IS militants against members of the Sunni Muslim Albu Nimr tribe in Anbar Province.
Iraqi officials have said that hundreds of members of the tribe have been executed by IS in mass killings.
An Iraqi deputy and son of the tribe's leader said that the mass killings were tantamount to genocide and were an attempt by IS to wipe out the Albu Nimr tribe.
Ghazi Al-Kaoud told the pan-Arabic newspaper "Asharq Al-Awsat" on November 4 that IS gunmen were targeting the Albu Nimr tribe in a “policy of genocide” out of revenge because many tribesmen were members of the Awakening (Sahwat) movements fighting IS.
“This terrorist group (ISIS) has a hit list of names of members of the Sahwat movements who also belong to the Albu Nimr tribe, and it has begun using a policy of genocide against them through the massacres it is carrying out on a daily basis,” Kaoud told "Asharq Al-Awsat."
More than 500 members of the tribe had been killed so far, Kaoud said, adding that IS gunmen had also driven hundreds of families out of their homes. The families are currently blockaded in the desert, out of reach of the security forces, they said.
According to one tribe member, Sheikh Naim al-Kaoud, the tribe's name comes from a legend in which one of the tribe's ancestors was attacked by three tigers (nimr in Arabic) and killed them all with a sword.
Kaoud told Lebanon's "Annahar" newspaper that the Albu Nimr tribe is renowned for leading the fight against Al-Qaeda in Anbar Province in 2005 and 2006 and that it has fought IS since January. Kaoud said that Baghdad had been reluctant to arm the Anbar tribes against IS because of reports that some tribesmen had sold the weapons they were given.
Kaoud also spoke of a “vendetta” between IS and the Albu Nimr tribe.
-- Joanna Paraszczuk
A senior paramilitary leader and one of Colombia's most notorious drug traffickers was sentenced today to serve 190 months in prison for leading an international drug trafficking conspiracy that imported into the United States ton-quantities of cocaine. Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal Division and Acting Deputy Administrator Jack Riley of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) made the announcement.
“Through their leadership position in the AUC, Salvatore Mancuso-Gomez directed the manufacture and shipment of over 100,000 kilograms of cocaine into the United States and elsewhere,” said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell. “In addition to enriching himself, Mancuso-Gomez and the AUC used this drug money to raise and arm a paramilitary force of more than 30,000 fighters and cement their control over regions of Colombia. This case is yet another example of our continued commitment to collaborating with our international partners to prosecute criminals and warlords who traffic in illegal narcotics, violence and intimidation.”
“DEA is committed to relentlessly attacking global criminal networks who use drug trafficking as a means to finance their terrorist activities,” said Acting Deputy Administrator Riley. “The arrest and prosecution of Salvatore Mancuso-Gomez clearly illustrates this dedication. As a senior leader in the AUC, Mancuso-Gomez controlled huge amounts of cocaine production in Colombia, and oversaw its movement to the United States and other parts of the world. Proceeds from their drug trafficking enterprise were used to acquire weapons and further the AUC's violent criminal agenda. DEA is pleased that this significant narco-terror leader has faced justice in a U.S. court of law.”
Salvatore Mancuso-Gomez, aka El Mono and Santander Lozada, formerly of Monteria, Colombia, pleaded guilty in October 2008 to one count of conspiracy to distribute cocaine knowing and intending that it would be imported into the United States. U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle of the District of Columbia imposed the sentence.
According to the statement of facts agreed to as part of their guilty plea, Mancuso-Gomez held one of the highest level leadership positions within the Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia (United Self Defense Forces of Colombia or AUC), a terrorist and paramilitary organization in Colombia. In September 2001, the AUC was designated a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the U.S. Department of State. In May 2003, the AUC was placed on the Significant Foreign Narcotics Traffickers list by order of the President, pursuant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act. In February 2004, Mancuso-Gomez individually was designated as a Tier II Kingpin by the Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, subjecting them to severe economic sanctions under the Kingpin Act.
The statement of facts also established that the AUC consisted of approximately 30,000 armed soldiers organized into blocs (or regions) with commanders for each bloc. In connection with their guilty plea, Mancuso-Gomez admitted that, from the mid-1990s through 2004, they directed thousands of soldiers in two blocs of the AUC, controlling large areas where cocaine was produced.
Mancuso-Gomez admitted that the AUC produced approximately 2,000 kilograms of cocaine per month during the conspiracy, and that they and members of the organization transported the cocaine to the coastal areas of Colombia where it was loaded onto go-fast boats and other vessels for ultimate transportation to the United States and Europe. Mancuso-Gomez also admitted that they levied taxes on other narcotics traffickers who needed passage through AUC-controlled territories, and that they used proceeds from their drug trafficking activities to purchase weapons and other supplies for AUC activities. Mancuso-Gomez further admitted that they and the AUC maintained tight control of their territories in Colombia through intimidation of corrupt members of the Colombian government, including law enforcement and military personnel and politicians.
Today's sentence does not account for violations of Colombian human rights-related laws allegedly committed by Mancuso-Gomez, which are being addressed in Colombia through the Justice and Peace process – a legal framework enacted in 2005 to facilitate the demobilization of its paramilitary organizations – and Colombian criminal justice system.
The case was investigated by DEA's Bogotá and Cartagena, Colombia, Country Offices, and the DEA Special Operations Division. The government of Colombia provided unprecedented assistance through the investigation, prosecution and sentencing phase of this case.
The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Paul W. Laymon and Carmen Colon of the Criminal Division's Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section (NDDS). NDDS Judicial Attachés in Bogotá, Colombia; the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs; and the Prosecutor General's Office of the Republic of Colombia (Fiscalia), including the Fiscalia's Transitional Justice program, provided significant assistance.
All strains were diluted at least four orders of magnitude before inoculation (as required to reach 1000 CFU/well in the MDK 99.9 test or 100 CFU/well in the MDK 99 test).
A Freedom EVOware 75 base unit (Tecan, Männedorf, Switzerland) was enclosed in a laminar flow hood equipped with a HEPA filter. An 8 Plus 1 liquid handling arm (Tecan) and a RoMa-3 EVO 75 arm (Tecan) were used for pipetting and plate handling. Plates were incubated in a Storex 40 Incubator (Liconic, Woburn, MA) with a shaking option, and culture was kept at 2–3°C on a chill/heat plate (Torrey Pines Scientific, Carlsbad, CA).
Detailed protocol for measuring MDK
The protocol proposed here for measuring tolerance may be automated easily (as we have done), and is a better quantitative indicator of tolerance than existing methods, as will be explained at length in the Results . The protocol exposes populations of bacteria to different concentrations of antibiotics for varied time periods, and the presence or lack of survivors (regrowth) is used to determine the MDK.
Preparation. A 96-microwell plate is filled with antibiotics in concentrations decreasing exponentially with the column. The final column is left antibiotic free, as a control for growth. It should be noted that if the MIC is known (approximately), concentrations below and around it need not be measured. Concentrations should typically reach at least 20× MIC. If the MIC can only be estimated, even up to an order of magnitude, it is advisable to spread concentrations over a wider range, to reach the range where killing is concentration independent.
Bacteria inocula are diluted to the concentration corresponding to the MDK being measured, so that treatment durations longer than the MDK (time) will result in eradication of the population without regrowth. For example: to determine the MDK 99 , 100 bacteria per well are required; to determine the MDK 99.9 , 103 bacteria should be added to each well; etc. The mean number of bacteria in the inocula, N, is evaluated by serial dilution and plating.
To maintain viability and metabolic state of the bacteria over time, bacteria are stored in NaCl solution at 2–3°C. We verified that these conditions do not alter the level of tolerance in our strains. Note that, because the physiological state of the bacteria is often key to their tolerance, the details of the preparation of the bacterial culture should be carefully determined, depending on the form of tolerance to be measured. For example, tolerance-by-lag, measured in this work, depends on the lag time of the bacteria and therefore on the growth conditions of the culture before the MDK measurement; cultures grown without adequate shaking, or for too short a time, do not reach a uniform metabolic state. Standardized conditions were chosen, to ensure the entire population reaches stationary phase (Appendix A in the Supporting Material ). Measurement of tolerance by slow growth would also depend upon the growth conditions before the measurement but, unlike tolerance-by-lag, would be best carried out from a strictly exponential culture, such as a chemostat culture.
Inoculation-incubation cycle. The plate is inoculated, one row at a time, at set time intervals, and returned to incubation and shaking at 750 rpm. If the MDK is not known at all, a wide exponential timescale should be used. Subsequent assays with a narrower range of inoculation times may be required for accurate MDK determination.
Plates should be allowed to reach 37°C before the first inoculation.
Antibiotic wash. Once inoculation and incubation of all rows have been concluded, it is necessary to wash away the antibiotic remains. In the case of ampicillin, β-lactamase is added to all wells at a final concentration of 0.5 unit/mL. Alternatively, two spin-downs are required to reach sub-MIC antibiotic levels in all wells. Each spin-down is 10 min at 1200 g to minimize stress on surviving cells. This procedure is repeated twice, as each spin-down is equivalent to a 10–20-fold dilution, and the highest antibiotic concentration used may be as large as 100× MIC. In this work, surface-treated plates with U-shaped wells were used (Cat. No. 163320; Thermo Fisher Scientific, Waltham, MA). A model No. 5810R centrifuge (Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany) was used with a multiwell-plate adaptor, and supernatant was discarded manually. The centrifugation was performed at 10°C, for historical reasons.
Final incubation and results. Finally, the plate is incubated overnight with shaking (longer incubation periods may be required for slow-growing strains). Results may be read directly from the plate, as will be discussed, by looking at the high-concentration end, and determining the time at which the treatment becomes too long for the survival of even a single bacterium.
One positive facet of Obamacare is the rebuilding of our primary care system. Unfortunately, congressional forces are aligning that will obstruct replacing this backbone of our health care. Even more surprising, the proposed congressional actions are bipartisan in nature and bipartisan work tends to pass into law. How is this happening?
Much of the medical education in our health care system is paid for with Medicare dollars. Hospitals that serve as training grounds are provided extra payments through Medicare to make up for the cost of training. Studies show the amount that Medicare pays exceed the actual costs of training, so it is natural that Congress wants to decrease these payments. Of course cuts will be “across the board” and every organization who receives funds will incur some of the pain. Unfortunately, the story of funding for training primary care doctors is sordid. Bear with me here…
A history on the training of primary care doctors:
In the old, old days, doctors went to medical school, did a one year internship and hung up their shingle. In 1933, the American Board of Medical Specialties started certifying each of the medical specialties. So after doctors became primary care doctors, they proceeded to a specialty – everyone had at least a base of primary care experience. This changed over time, and specialists entered their specialty directly.
The 1950's and 1960's almost saw the demise of family medicine. Specialists saw no need for primary care doctors and opposed creating a “specialty” dedicated to family medicine. They dominated leadership in medical societies and decision making bodies on pay structure. They worked through the American Medical Association's Relative Value Scale Update Committee (RUC) to guarantee that specialists would be paid more than primary care doctors for exactly the same work. For example, a primary care doctor who sees a patient for removing a foreign body from the ear will be paid less than a otolaryngologist who sees the same patient for the same problem and provides the same treatment. (CORRECTION: I made an error in my understanding how the pay discrepancies came into being. Primary and specialty physicians are paid the same for the same procedural code. However, the actual cause of the pay discrepancy is that specialists (through RUC) weight procedures they regularly perform as more complicated and deserving of higher pay. The Wall Street Journal reviewed how RUC shorts primary care and greatly increases the cost of health care nicely in this article. I extend my apologies for the mistake.)
What was the result? People started seeing specialists for the most mundane problems. Although we are all special, most of our health problems are mundane and do not require specialty care. For those who aren't so ill, isn't it great you can ask your family doctor about the wart on your finger while you are seeing them for your ankle sprain? The orthopedist would send you to the dermatologist for that one.
For a complicated patient with multiple medical problems, too many “cooks in the pie” creates more problems. A good family physician or general internist will manage the majority of the conditions, coordinate specialty care, and make certain a patient's values are respected while their needs are being met.
On a societal level, we have decades of studies proving primary care is the most efficient way to take care of a population and keep them healthy. Other countries never abandoned their primary care backbone, and subsequently have healthier populations at half the cost of what we pay in the United States.
Fortunately, a number of physicians recognized the value of family medicine and continued to fight for recognition as a specialty. In 1969, family medicine officially became the 20th specialty under the American Board of Medical Specialties. Family doctors train for three years after medical school, complete a load of continuing education, and pass a thorough exam every ten years.
The struggle for recognizing the value of family medicine did not end there. The pay disparities between primary care and specialty care do not occur just at the level of the physician. Hospitals benefit from specialty care too. Doctors who “do more” generate a lot of revenue for everyone else, so hospitals love their specialists. I received an email recently from a person who had a skin cyst removed. The physician wanted to perform the surgery in the outpatient surgery center instead of performing an office procedure, which is the most common place to remove a skin cyst. The money savvy patient asked how much it would cost and was told about $500 by the doctor's office. When all was said and done, the bills from the other entities involved added up to about $5,000. This is a travesty.
To circle back around to how Congress plans to compound the problems with rebuilding our primary care system…
The more revenue a teaching hospital can bill through Medicare, the greater the amount of money they receive for medical education. A hospital that has significant specialty care creates more Medicare charges and gets higher pay from Medicare to train physicians. And the problem? The teaching hospital is not required to report how that money is allocated. Each hospital gets so many “slots” for residents, and they can use the slots and the money however they feel is necessary. There is no accountability and little incentive to promote primary care. A perfect example of unintended outcomes occurred in my old stomping ground, the University of Florida. In 2005, Gator Nation discontinued the Family Medicine residency program in Jacksonville and used the open slots for surgical specialties such as ophthalmology.
The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission released a report in 2010 that urged Congress to correct funding issues in physician training. They encouraged more accountability in use of funds and urged a move toward funding based on needs of the health care work force. Did anything come of this? Of course not. Congress does not want to get into the messy battle of primary versus specialty care.
Where are we now? Congress is at the verge of passing across the board cuts to graduate medical education funding. Many of those training programs involve only primary care training, and they will get cuts just like everyone else. And for the "broad based" institutions with many specialists and few primary care slots, who gets to decide how that money is spent? We remain stuck. It is still the institutions that train the doctors, and for now despite the implementation of Obamacare, specialists win the money war.
How do we fix this disparity?
Urge Congress to make targeted cuts in funding and support spending for primary care training. Institute the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission recommendations for greater accountability of funds used for graduate medical education training. Focus future funding based on health care work force needs. Consider the recommendations by the Association of Academic Health Centers for a one time increase of 3,000 entry level positions in needed fields such as family medicine and general surgery.
Let me make one thing clear - specialty care is needed and highly valuable in the right situation. A good family doctor understands the critical and calls in a specialist immediately. They also recognize the common problems, and treat appropriately. Finally, they recognize the normal, and reassure the patient. If something isn't critical, common, or normal, the specialist should be consulted early to help the family doctor figure out the best course of action. We all need to work together to take care of the health of this nation and Congress needs to support that effort.
I'm optimistic the problem overall for Congress is just a lack of understanding. Maybe by providing a little education, we can get Congress to choose the right path for funding health care education in this country. Please give them a call.
Comments, questions? Post here, reach me on Twitter @CarolynMcC, or at Carolyn.mcclanahan@gmail.com.
Dutch Inquiry Finds Iraq War Illegal
By Ann Talbot
January 23, 2010 " WSWS " - -A Dutch commission of inquiry has concluded that the US-led 2003 Iraq war was illegal under international law. The conclusion has far-reaching implications. Potentially, it could open up leading politicians and military figures in the US and Britain to prosecution for war crimes.
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende of the Netherlands set up the Davids Commission in order to avoid a full parliamentary inquiry into the Dutch role in the invasion of Iraq. They headed the caretaker government at the time of the invasion and has rejected the report's findings. The fact that a commission which was set up with the intention of producing a whitewash has had to come to such damning conclusions points to the weight of evidence that exists for the illegality of the war.
The attempt to maintain the lie that the war was legal is becoming increasingly difficult. The Dutch report entirely rejects the central argument used to justify the actions of the British government and claim that there was a legal basis for the invasion.
“The [UN] Security Council Resolutions on Iraq passed during the 1990s did not constitute a mandate for the US-British military intervention in 2003,” the report concludes. “Despite the existence of certain ambiguities, the wording of Resolution 1441 cannot reasonably be interpreted (as the government did) as authorizing individual Member States to use military force to compel Iraq to comply with the Security Council's resolutions, without authorization from the Security Council.”
The report goes on: “The Dutch government's often repeated view that a second resolution was ‘politically desirable, but not legally indispensable' is not easy to uphold. The wording and scope of Resolution 1441 cannot be interpreted as such a second resolution. Hence, the military action had no sound mandate under international law.”
Unlike the ongoing Chilcot inquiry in Britain on the war, the Dutch team included legal experts. As Professor Philippe Sands QC, an expert on international law, has pointed out, their conclusion is significant for that reason:
“There has been no other independent assessment on the legality of the war in Iraq and the findings of this inquiry are unambiguous. It concludes that the case argued by the Dutch and British governments, including the then-attorney general, Lord Goldsmith, could not reasonably be argued.
“This is the authoritative view of seven commissioners, including the former president of the Dutch Supreme Court, a former judge of the European Court of justice, and two legal academics.”
The Dutch report will inevitably raise once again the question of the advice that Lord Goldsmith gave to the British government. Elizabeth Wilmshurst, deputy legal adviser to the Foreign Office, resigned in March 2003, claiming that Goldsmith had told lawyers at the Foreign Office that war against Iraq would be illegal. According to leaked documents, Goldsmith told Blair in July 2002 that regime-change was “not a legal basis for military action.”
In March 2003, Goldsmith warned Blair that they could be indicted under international law if they invaded Iraq without a second resolution. But days later, just before the invasion began, they made a statement in the House of Lords in which they claimed that the war was legal.
Speaking at the Chilcot inquiry this week, Lord Trumbull, who was cabinet secretary at the time of the invasion, confirmed that Goldsmith had changed their mind about the legality of the war. Trumbull attempted to lay the blame on Blair, who, they said, had “bullied” Goldsmith into backing the war. Trumbull's behaviour was as thoroughly hypocritical as that of previous witnesses who have attempted to excuse their own actions, or inaction, and claim that Blair alone was responsible for an illegal war.
The British political establishment is becoming increasingly uneasy about the application of international law to them and to their allies. That is why the government intends to bring in legislation that will override the principle of universal jurisdiction in Britain. This follows the issue of an arrest warrant for former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni, who was due to visit Britain.
“The government is looking urgently at ways in which the UK system might be changed to avoid this situation arising again,” current attorney general Baroness Scotland assured an audience at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem last week. “Israel's leaders should always be able to travel freely to the UK.”
Universal jurisdiction is the well established legal principle that some crimes can be tried outside of the boundaries of the country in which they were committed, if they can be considered crimes against humanity or war crimes. It was expressed in the Nuremberg Trials of Nazi war criminals at the end of the World War II.
The Nuremberg judges concluded that the trials were “not an arbitrary exercise of power on the part of victorious nations,” but were “the expression of international law.” This principle was confirmed by the United Nations in 1946 and it was expressed in the trial of Adolf Eichmann in Israel for their part in the Holocaust. In 1998, the House of Lords upheld the principle in the case of former Chilean president Augusto Pinochet, who had been arrested in London.
With regard to war crimes, the Geneva Conventions require signatory nations, such as Britain and the US, to pass the necessary laws and “provide effective penal sanctions” for persons “committing, or ordering to be committed” any “grave breaches” of the Conventions. Crucially, Article 129 goes on to state that each signatory “shall be under the obligation to search for persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered to be committed, such grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their nationality, before its own courts.”
Following the Davids Commission report, the Dutch government should therefore feel itself obliged to issue arrest warrants--not only for Balkenende, but for Blair and their cabinet, as well as all the senior members of the Bush administration, including the former president. Naturally, it has no intention of doing so. But that is far from being the end of the matter.
In its modern form, universal jurisdiction is a democratic principle that arises historically from the bourgeois revolutions of the late 18th century, when it was established that sovereignty resides in the people and not the state. It implies that no one is above the law and that a minister, civil servant or military officer cannot claim immunity from prosecution for crimes committed against humanity because they were acting on behalf of a state. That is why individuals and groups can, at present, apply, as Palestinians have done in the UK, for an arrest warrant against even the most senior representative of a government or the armed forces.
This situation is becoming intolerable for the international league of war criminals who head the governments of the world's major powers. It has led to repeated efforts to curtail universal jurisdiction by the US, Israel Belgium, Spain and now Britain. In doing so, these governments and their representatives only place themselves more firmly on a collision course with the mass of the world's population, who continue to believe that those responsible for the crimes committed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Palestine and elsewhere must be brought to justice.
Copyright © 1998-2010 World Socialist Web Site - Click on "comments" below to read or post comments Click here to learn how to post a comment .Comments that include profanity or personal attacks or other inappropriate material will be removed from the site. See our complete Comment Policy . | More Sign up for our Daily Email Newsletter Please help Support Information Clearing House One-Time Donation
$
Recurring Monthly Donation
$
Thank you for your support In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information ClearingHouse endorsed or sponsored by the originator.)
Vladimir Putin has warned the United States that George Soros is driving the country towards civil war, using divisive politics, violence and media propaganda to further their goals.
Speaking at a cabinet meeting in the Kremlin, President Putin told senior advisors that George Soros is using their vast network of agitators to target America's most sensitive points and cause turmoil.
“Make no mistake, their endgame is revolution through civil war. In America they are using exactly the same tactics they use everywhere. “
“George Soros is a well-known pyromaniac with matches in their back pocket pouring petrol onto a bonfire.”
Putin also had a message for Americans. They must reject George Soros and their dangerous influence or else they run the risk of losing the country to globalist interests.
“He does not own the world and they do not have the right to do whatever they want. The people must come together and reject this dragon. We have no room for their divisive politics in Russia, and I think you will all agree we are much the better for that. With all due respect, America must reject George Soros's vision.”
This meeting featured the President pounding their fist on the table and vowing to arrest George Soros, and according to a Kremlin source Putin would enjoy nothing more than throwing the billionaire convicted felon in a jail cell and throwing away the key.
In the financial world Soros is known for their divide and conquer strategies. In countless interviews, searchable on Youtube, they can be witnessed laughing and acknowledging their extremist personality. Soros's financial tactics have netted them billions, but also earned them criminal convictions.
Disturbingly, Soros uses the exact same tactics while meddling with democracies, attempting to seize power and undermine the voce of the people in sovereign nations.
Russia officially declared that billionaire George Soros is a wanted man in their country, citing them and their organizations as a “threat to Russian national security”.
Putin banned Soros and their organizations from operating in Russia last year due to the fact that Soros attempted to crash the Russian economy in the early 1990s. Since then Soros has used their wealth and political influence to incite violent uprisings and destabilize democracies throughout the region.
Putin has watched crisis after crisis unfold in neighboring states. Now they are warning, in clear language, that Soros is using the exact same tactics in the United States.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COTTONWOOD HEIGHTS - A man helped police stop some thieves who they say are responsible for dozens of vehicle burglaries.
The man, who asked to only be identified as Ryan, says when they heard noises outside their house at four in the morning on Friday, they got suspicious and went outside.
They saw a bunch of interior car lights on, called police and then went and found the thieves himself.
“A homeowner was awakened by a noise in their driveway, walked out and saw two guys burglarizing their vehicle, confronted them with their weapon, and held them at bay," said Chief Robby Russo with Cottonwood Heights Police. "The bad guys threatened to call the police on him, and they said, 'That's great, I already called them' and just then the officer is driving down the street--they take off running."
33 year old Greg Allred was tackled by police and taken into custody. Their accomplice got away, but police say they know who they are and will likely make another arrest soon.
“I'm happy to help, you know, and like I say I'll do it again: I don't like liars or thieves,” said Ryan, a concealed carry permit holder.
Police were also able to take the suspects' car into custody. It was filled with stolen items that will be returned to residents in the near future.
One of the most beloved anime of all time comes exclusively to Amazon in complete Blu-ray goodness.
Anime fans can finally rest easy since a release date has been revealed and pre orders are up for grabs in this special Amazon Edition. Cowboy Bebop: The Complete Series will release on December 16, 2014 exclusively to Amazon for $69.99. The blu-ray set includes a limited edition clamshell art box, a 140 page black and white art book with early concept sketches and designs that highlight Cowboy Bebop's origins, and a 48 page full color art book. This is an awesome release that any Cowboy Bebop fan would love to add to their collection, which you can pre order by clicking here.
Stay tuned to Junkie Monkeys for more Cowboy Bebop and anime related news.
Gardai are now treating as suspicious the discovery of human remains in a waste recycling plant in Ballyfermot late on Thursday night.
Gardai are now treating as suspicious the discovery of human remains in a waste recycling plant in Ballyfermot late on Thursday night.
The resources of a full murder inquiry are being deployed for the investigation as Gardai grow increasingly concerned that foul-play could be behind the grim find.
Thorntons Recycling Plant Kileen Rd Ballyfermot where a Human leg was found overnight
No clothing was found close to the body parts.
The discovery of a leg by a shocked worker at the Thorntons plant on Killeen Road was yesterday followed by other body parts found by gardai in ongoing follow-up searches.
Thorntons Recycling Plant Kileen Rd Ballyfermot where a Human leg was found overnight
The first of the gruesome discoveries was made last night at the Thorntons recycling plant on Killeen Road in Ballyfermot.
Gardai were called to the scene as soon as the discovery was made, along with a doctor who confirmed the limb as being human.
Thorntons Recycling Plant Kileen Rd Ballyfermot where a Human leg was found overnight.
Work at the site was stopped so that a further search could take place to try and find the rest of the body from which the limb came.
Gardai have since discovered part of what is believed to be a pelvis and an arm while searching at the site this morning.
01/08/14 The body parts are removed from the scene at the Thorntons Recycling plant on Kileen Road, Ballyfermot, pictured this afternoon where a human leg was discovered in waste last night..the area has been sealed off while Gardai investigate... Picture Colin Keegan, Collins Dublin.
It could not be confirmed early today if the leg was from a man or a woman.
While gardai are keeping an open mind one avenue being investigated is that the leg could be from a homeless person who may have been sleeping rough in a bin somewhere in the city.
There have been instances before where homeless people sleeping in bins have been crushed in bin lorries, as well as occasions where homeless people have been rescued from the jaws of the mechanical crushers after being tipped into them from bins.
Another theory was that the remains could be medical waste that was not incinerated but somehow ended up in the rubbish system, but as extra body parts were discovered this morning this theory looked less likely.
Another more sinister theory is that the remains could have been dumped in a bin following a murder.
A spokesperson for Thorntons was unavailable for comment early this morning, and gardai said that while the investigation is at an early stage they are keeping an open mind about how the limb ended up in the rubbish.
Sources say the worker who found the limb and raised the alarm will be offered counselling.
Online Editors
Last year, a Virginia judge ruled that a Facebook “like” is not protected by the First Amendment. The story goes like this: Deputy Sheriff Daniel Ray Carter of Hampton, Virginia “liked” the page of “Jim Adams for Hampton Sheriff.” Carter's boss, Sheriff B.J. Roberts, saw this, and then when Roberts won the election against Adams, Carter was fired. Carter claimed it was the Facebook “like” that led to their termination. They sued, but the judge determined that a “like” is not protected free speech.
Should a Facebook “like” be considered free speech, and protected under the First Amendment? Let us know what you think in the comments .
Carter appealed the decision, and Facebook stepped in to argue that a like is free speech in the same way that a political bumper sticker is. Facebook filed a brief in Carter's defense, saying, “When a Facebook User Likes a Page on Facebook, they engage in speech protected by the First Amendment.”
“The district court's holding that ”liking'' a Facebook page is insufficient speech to merit constitutional protection' because it does not ‘involve actual statements,' J.A. 1159, betrays amisunderstanding of the nature of the communication at issue and disregards well-settled Supreme Court and Fourth Circuit precedent,” the company continued. “Liking a Facebook Page (or other website) is core speech: it is a statement that will be viewed by a small group of Facebook Friends or by a vast community of online users.”
“When Carter clicked the Like button on the Facebook Page entitled ‘Jim Adams for Hampton Sheriff,' the words ‘Jim Adams for Hampton Sheriff' and a photo of Adams appeared on Carter's Facebook Profile in a list of Pages Carter had Liked, J.A. 570, 578 – the 21st-century equivalent of a front-yard campaign sign,” Facebook continued. “If Carter had stood on a street corner and announced, ‘I like Jim Adams for Hampton Sheriff,' there would be no dispute that their statement was constitutionally protected speech. Carter made that very statement; the fact that they did it online, with a click of a computer's mouse, does not deprive Carter's speech of constitutional protection.”
The debate certainly has large ramifications for not only practices on Facebook, but on the Internet at large, which as we all know, has become very, very social.
This week, a panel of three judges in Richmond, Virginia heard the case, and Facebook once again stepped up to defend Carter, though really it's a defense of Facebook users in general. It can't be good for Facebook if people start becoming afraid of what they can or cannot say on Facebook. Some people have even talked about leaving the social network because they don't allow pictures of breasts. More censorship can't be good for user growth.
According to a report from Bloomberg's Tom Schoenberg, Facebook lawyer Aaron Panner told the judges, “Any suggestion that such communication has less than full constitutional protection would result in chilling the very valued means for communication the Internet has made possible.”
The company was reportedly given three minutes of argument time, and the judges refrained from asking Facebook any questions. The report also shares some quotes about Facebook “likes” from Robers' lawyer:
“It's like opening a door into a room,” Rosen, of Pender & Coward PC in Virginia Beach, Virginia, said. “You can't see what's in there until you click on the button. That's not speech.”
“Facebook has 3 billion ‘like' clicks a day,” they said. “Is each one of this speech? I don't think so.”
As far as Facebook and many others are concerned, yes, each one of those is free speech.
At the same time, Roberts is claiming that the Facebook activity is not even the reason Carter (along with other employees) was fired, and that performance was the real reason. Still, the subject of the Facebook “like” remains the hot button issue, and has been argued throughout the case.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND– A morning ride went from pleasant to painful for one bicyclist on Tuesday.
They were hit by a cab driver while passing over the Detroit Superior Bridge downtown.
"I think they were really impatient, and didn't think about the bikers in front of him," said Davey Connor.
They captured the accident on the GoPro camera they had attached to their helmet.
They said they were riding near the woman when the cab driver sped around her, clipping them with their side mirror.
The woman then lost their balance and slammed into the back of the car after the driver came to a stop.
"I'm a trained EMT, so I was able to get off my bike and make sure they aren't seriously injured," said Connor. "Luckily, the driver stayed and was compliant instead of speeding off which happens too often."
The victim's name is not being released at this time, nor is the driver's.
Connor said people need to learn to share the roads with bicyclists. They urge everyone to be more cautious.
"I personally have been run off the road twice, and my wife got hit and had to get reconstructive hip surgery a couple of years ago. So, we do have a personal history of dealing with the huge size difference between bikes and cars," they said.
​Tens of thousands of nationalists marched in a demonstration organized by far-right groups in Warsaw on Saturday, as Poles celebrated their country's Independence Day.
The far-right march was one of many events marking Poland's rebirth as a nation in 1918 after being wiped off the map for 123 years. Earlier in the day, President Andrzej Duda presided over state ceremonies also attended by European Union president Donald Tusk, a former Polish prime minister.
But the march has become the largest Independence Day event in recent years, overshadowing official state observances and other patriotic events. Some participants expressed sympathy for xenophobic or white supremacist ideas, with one banner reading, "White Europe of brotherly nations." A participant who was interviewed on state broadcaster TVP said they were taking part "to remove Jewry from power."
Participants marched under the slogan "We want God," words from an old Polish religious song that U.S. President Donald Trump quoted during a visit to Warsaw earlier this year. Speakers talked of standing against liberals and defending Christian values.
Many carried the national white and red flag. Others set off flares and firecrackers, filling the air with red smoke. Some held banners for the National Radical Camp, a Polish nationalist group active in the 1930s and known for anti-Semitic actions.
Polish President Andrzej Duda attends a ceremony commemorating Independence Day at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw on Saturday. (Pawel Supernak/EPA-EFE)
March attracts far-right leaders from elsewhere
Police estimated 60,000 people took part.
The march has become one of the largest such demonstrations in Europe, and on Saturday it drew far-right leaders from elsewhere in Europe, including Tommy Robinson from Britain and Roberto Fiore from Italy.
State broadcaster TVP, which reflects the conservative government's line, called it a "great march of patriots," and in its broadcasts described the event as one that drew mostly regular Poles expressing their love of Poland, not extremists.
"It was a beautiful sight," Interior Minister Mariusz Blaszczak said. "We are proud that so many Poles have decided to take part in a celebration connected to the Independence Day holiday."
A smaller counter-protest by an anti-fascist movement also took place. Organizers were keeping the two groups apart to prevent violence.
Independence Day marks Poland regaining its sovereignty at the end of the First World War after being partitioned and ruled since the late 18th century by Russia, Prussia and the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Duda oversaw ceremonies at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, walking past a military guard before the raising of the flags and cannon salutes. After delivering a speech they took part in a wreath-laying ceremony, praying and crossing themselves at the monument to all unknown soldiers killed fighting for the country.
Tusk, who attended at Duda's invitation, also paid their respects at the monument.
Ruling party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski noted that Poland has not always been fully independent since 1918, a reference to Germany's occupation during the Second World War and the decades spent under Moscow's direction during the Cold War.
Still, they said: "The Polish state was internationally recognized the whole time and that is a great achievement."
Hey guys! We have a gun called the “Ghost Hunter” which will be your go-to rifle when out and about hunting. We just don't think the name suits the gun. As it is right now, the Ghost Hunter is a single round bolt action hunting rifle and we are interested in the names you guys can come up with.
EDIT :
Hello All,
Thanks for all of the amazing suggestions. It was a real joy reading them all. We had a long talk in our Friday meeting about what to name the gun and the team decided (after many of you suggested) that we should go with a more realistic approach as this would be most fitting to the game. One suggestion was the R-M14. We have expanded on this idea and it resulted in the weapon being named R-6804. Again, thanks for the suggestions!
Kind regards,
The team at a2z
Digital subscriptions were the great white hope for newspapers. But the first round of comparative stats for combined print and digital sales have arrived and suggest only The Australian is moving in the right direction.
Circulation figures for the June quarter have been released by the Audit Bureau of Circulations (ABC), alongside the first year-on-year comparisons for combined print, digital and package sales (masthead sales).
In total, the print market saw a 10.9% year-on-year decline in sales, with News Corp Australia titles dropping 9.7% in total and Fairfax 16.4%. The declines appear to mirror the two companies' strategies. News Corp has remained focused on its core print products while expanding its digital footprint. Fairfax has focused more strongly on digital.
ABC circulation June 2013.
In NSW, overall masthead figures for the Monday to Friday edition of The Sydney Morning Herald declined 14.8% year-on-year, while the Saturday edition has plummeted 18.7%. The Sun-Herald tumbled 18.8%. That suggests paid digital growth is nowhere near sufficient at present to balance out print circulation decline.
In Victoria, the story for Fairfax is considerably less bleak, but is still in the negative territory. The Age Monday to Friday edition saw its combined print, digital and package sales drop 6.9%, with Saturday masthead sales falling 9.6% and the Sunday Age declining 5.4%.
The declines in masthead sales are not as steep as the declines in print-only sales, indicating digital sales are making some inroads.
Year-on-year masthead figures are only available for Fairfax titles, as News Corp did not start providing combined print and digital statistics until September 2012. However, The Australian looks like it could buck the downwards trend. While the title's print circulation declined 9.8% year-on-year in the June quarter, the title's masthead sales figures have been steadily increasing over the last few months.
Since it began providing data in September 2012, masthead sales have increased from 154,697 in the September quarter to 164,439 in the June period. The Australian's figures for the June quarter stood at 113,226 in print only, 47,784 digital only subscribers and 3,429 packaged. That compares to 121,097 print only sales for The SMH, with 22,589 digital only subscribers and 20,602 packaged.
Looking to print-only circulation figures, the results in the June quarter were particularly bleak. Not a single newspaper recorded positive growth, and across News Corp and Fairfax the best result was a 6.8% decline recorded by Fairfax's weekday edition of The Australian Financial Review. The strongest result across the whole market was recorded by West Australian Newspapers' West Australian, with a 3.8% drop.
Fairfax's Sydney Morning Herald experienced the largest print decline, sliding 17%.
Newspaper inserted magazines also saw major declines across the board, with all audited titles seeing circulation drops. The total NIMs market fell 12%.
Sign up to the AdNews newsletter, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter for breaking stories and campaigns throughout the day.
Have something to say? Send us your comments using the form below or contact the writer at adnews@yaffa.com.au
Have something to say on this? Share your views in the comments section below. Or if you have a news story or tip-off, drop us a line at adnews@yaffa.com.au
Sign up to the AdNews newsletter, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter for breaking stories and campaigns throughout the day.
Two strong-arm robberies have been committed in Bucktown in the past week, police said. View Full Caption Chicago Police
BUCKTOWN — Police are asking Bucktown residents to be on the lookout for three men they believe committed two robberies in the past week, according to a police alert.
In each case, police said, the men walked up to someone on the sidewalk and punched them before rifling through their pockets and robbing them.
The first incident occurred around 3:50 a.m. April 11 in the 1700 block of North Milwaukee Avenue, police said.
The second robbery occurred at 4:45 a.m. Thursday in the 1700 block of West North Avenue, police said.
Police described all three robbers as black men in their 20s, standing around 5 feet 9 inches and weighing between 160 and 180 pounds.
One man is described as having a dark complexion and blonde dreadlocks, police said. They were wearing a white jacket during one robbery and a green military jacket during the other.
Another man has dark hair and was wearing a brown-and-white puffy jacket during one incident, police said. During the other robbery, they were wearing a dark blue hoodie.
The third man, police said, wore a black shirt during one robbery and a dark blue hoodie during the other.
Anyone with information on the suspects or the robberies is asked to call detectives at 312-744-8263.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
*
I have known men from Nauvoo, men who were there worth $150 or $200,000, come here with nothing but a handkerchief, containing a change of shirts, under their arms. They left their property there; and what we did not leave in hell's kitchen we left at Devil's Gate. The devil has a gate where they may catch everything that is not to do us good, but that is calculated to create a craving appetite for that which is not here.... Supposing that I have a wife or a dozen of them, and they should say, "You cannot be exalted without me," and suppose they all should say so, what of that? They never will affect my salvation one particle. Whose salvation will they affect? Their own. They have got to live their religion, serve their God, and do right, as well as myself. Suppose that I lose the whole of them before I go into the spirit world, but that I have been a good, faithful man all the days of my life, and lived my religion, and had favoured with God, and was kind to them, do you think I will be destitute there? No, the Lord says there are more there than there are here. They have been increasing there; they increase there a great deal faster than we do here, because there is no obstruction. They do not call upon the doctors to kill their offspring; there are no doctors there, that is, if they are there, their occupation is changed, which proves that they are not there, because they have ceased to be doctors. In this world very many of the doctors are studying to diminish the human family. In the spirit world there is an increase of males and females, there are millions of them, and if I am faithful all the time, and continue right along with brother Brigham, we will go to brother Joseph and say, "Here we are brother Joseph; we are here ourselves are we not, with none of the property we possessed in our probationary state, not even the rings on our fingers?" They will say to us, "Come along, my boys, we will give you a good suit of clothes. Where are your wives?" "They are back yonder; they would not follow us." "Never mind," says Joseph, "here are thousands, have all you want." Perhaps some do not believe that, but I am just simple enough to believe it. Help brother Brigham along, help brother Heber, brother Daniel, the Twelve, and every other good person. I am looking for the day, and it is close at hand, when we will have a most heavenly time, one that will be romantic, one with all kinds of ups and downs, which is what I call romantic, for it will occupy in full all the time, so that we may never become idle, nor sleepy, nor cease being active in the things of God, which will prevent dotage.
Black Like Me
During the landmark civil rights case Brown v. Board of Education, sociologists Mamie and Kenneth Clark received national attention. Their 1947 study, Racial Identification and Preference in Negro Children, would prove integral to the US Supreme Court's decision to end the segregation of public schools seven years later.
Particularly memorable is the Dolls Test, where children were made to select the doll that best captured abstract qualities such as ‘looking bad'. The Clarks proved how heavily racism had been internalized by children.
The study should also be considered on more abstract terms. Researchers found it necessary to use the terms “white” and “colored” in the story, as the term “Negro” was seen as requiring a higher level of verbalization than was at the disposal of its subjects. This set out a more fluid definition of racism, as children saw the dolls in terms of lighter and darker pigmentation rather than simply “White” and “Black.” Interestingly, these loose ideas of color consciousness would become important for understanding how other minorities confronted the era of Jim Crow.
The United States is unique from countries, such as Apartheid-era South Africa, in that it avoided scientific arguments for its laws of racial exclusion. The Court's majority opinion in United States v. Bhagat Singh Thind 261 U.S. 204 (1923) acknowledged that “the Caucasic division of the human family is in point of fact the most debatable field in the whole range of anthropological studies.” It found against Thind, who argued that they had Aryan ancestry as an Indian Sikh and thus was a white person who could qualify for American citizenship. Instead, the Court found that the statute was likely ascribed to “the Adamite theory of creation,” and chose to understand whiteness in its popular sense.
Thind made manifest a clear trend in American minority politics. When discussing non-black minorities, the impulse was not to challenge the discriminatory bases of specific legislation that privileged whites. Rather, the early twentieth century was marked by clear efforts to expand official definitions of whiteness to include certain minority groups. There were many Supreme Court rulings on East Asian whiteness that confronted these types of arguments, such as Takao Ozawa v. United States 260 U.S. 178 (1922) where Ozawa argued that they qualified for the expanded Naturalization Act of 1906 because Japanese are white.
This speaks to racial politics that are still relevant in a globalized world, as many immigrants found themselves in a contest to be considered white, of which the ability to be considered American citizens on those terms was merely a part. Legal scholar John Tehranian has argued that the common-knowledge standard for whiteness that became a part of the American court system by 1923 was in reality a “performance-based” standard. Tehranian points out that the common definitions related to religious practices, culture, education, intermarriage, and a community's role in the United States.
This effectively meant that full immigrant assimilation required both the adaption of particular cultural dispositions, and lighter-skinned pigmentation. Crucially, being identified as part of the white dolls in the Clark experiments meant dissociating from the colored ones.
Thind themselves betrays this logic, as their case depends on South Asian color consciousness that breaks with darker-skinned Indian immigrants. However, despite its mixed success at the Supreme Court, these efforts often succeeded on unofficial terms. Evelio Grillo's memoir Black Cuban, Black American discusses these dynamics in respect to Cuban immigrants in Florida. Grillo grew up in Tampa during the 1930s, and discusses how lighter-skinned Cubans separated themselves from darker-skinned Cubans that were ultimately integrated into the Black American community. Religious and social tensions between the groups are eventually navigated through new forms of identity, partially because Grillo's community also found itself discriminated by Jim Crow. Lighter-skinned Cubans, on the other hand, were able to fully integrate themselves. This required disdain for the darker-skinned members of their former community.
It shouldn't be surprising. Tehranian's performance-based standard is based on community approval. Grillo's Cubans were aping the racism that they encountered amongst whites. This is assimilation through mimicking their racism, which has its most striking example in Jim Crow era Mississippi. Chinese-American children were allowed to attend white-only schools and universities, despite simultaneously being legislated against in western US states. This likely hinged on the same social forces which led to some of their parents becoming members of the Mississippi White Citizens' Council that enforced policies of racial segregation.
Such questions of legal history continue to be important. Model minorities that gain entry into American suburbia find themselves confronted by the same question of whether or not they will meet the equivalent of performance-based standards. Although generations of change have produced different cultural articulations of this problem, the core dynamics remain. Non-white immigrants are still subject to the approval of mostly white Americans. They remain, as it were, an exception, rather than being equal to persons of northern European descent.
David R. Roediger has argued that the ‘construction' of the white race in the United States was an effort to mentally distance slaveowners from slaves. Tea Party rhetoric that focuses on President Obama's birth certificate suggests that this mentality remains an inherent part of American politics. Unfortunately, there's truth to this. The sad fact is that Americans have only partially come to terms with the realities of slavery, and have difficulties reconciling themselves to its lingering influence, today. This is why it is especially incumbent on minorities to recognize its continuing effects, and resist them. After all, democracy is a synonym for multiculturalism. Without one, the other remains incomplete.
Photographs courtesy of Mira. Published under a Creative Commons license.
----------------------------------------
We applaud the justice system of Texas in recognizing the right of a man, a father's right to defend at all cost the safety of their children and family...with deadly force if necessary.
If this would of happened in lefty Ontario, a father who went through this horror would of been charged, had to hire a lawyer, and gone broke for defending their own child...
But when this, God forbid, happens, a man's instinct kicks in and the results would be the same, to kill that who endangers your child's life with your bare hands.
Nothing in this world can change that...
Not a feminist,
not a mangina
not a coward
In every society, the strength of a man, a real man, ensures the safety of the population either by been a good police officer, an honorable soldier, or a simple father going about making sure their family has the safety and comfort they deserve, without those men, we have no freedom or safety...
Man is the ultimate protector of the right to be who we want to be...
Not a feminist
not a mangina
not a coward.
A Texas rancher who beat their daughter's accused molester to death moments after they discovered the man raping the 5-year-old girl, will not be charged with their homicide, officials said, as they released chilling 911 tapes of the father calling for help as the other man died.A grand jury Tuesday decided not to indict the 24-year-old father who beat ranch hand Jesus Mora Flores to death with their bare hands, after finding the man abusing their daughter behind a barn."I need an ambulance. This guy was raping my daughter and I don't know what to do," the father is heard telling dispatchers in a frantic call to 911.The attack happened on June 9 at an isolated ranch near Shiner, Texas. A witness saw Flores "forcibly carrying" the girl into a secluded area and ran to find the father, according to court documents. Running towards their daughter's screams, the father found Flores and the girl, both with their underwear removed, according to police reports.He pulled Flores off the little girl and "inflicted several blows to the man's head and neck area," according to documents.Authorities who examined the girl and Flores' body confirmed a sexual assault had occurred.ABC News does not identify the victims of sexual assault, and is not identifying the father in an effort to protect the minor girl's identity.The father called 911 from a cell phone and did not immediately know their exact whereabouts, making it difficult for emergency personell to find him."Come on! This guy is going to die on me!" the man yelled at the 911 dispatcher. "I don't know what to do."The father was never arrested, but Flores' death was investigated as a homicide."Under the law in the state of Texas deadly force is authorized and justified in order to stop an aggravated sexual assault or sexual assault," District Attorney Heather McMinn told reporters."All the evidence provided by the sheriff's department and the Texas Rangers indicated that's what was occurring when the victim's father arrived at the scene," they said.
Cafferkey, who is from South Lanarkshire, Scotland, was flown by military aircraft under the supervision of experts back to the specialist unit in the early hours of Friday, Public Health England said in a statement.
A spokesperson for Scotland's NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde health authority confirmed to NBC News on Friday that Ebola had been detected in Cafferkey, but because the nurse had suffered the virus before this was "not a new infection."
Cafferkey was discharged from hospital more than nine months ago. But they were admitted to Glasgow's Queen Elizabeth University Hospital again Tuesday after reporting feeling unwell, NHSGGC said in statement.
They were treated in the infectious diseases unit before being flown to the Royal Free Hospital, which houses the U.K.'s only high-level isolation unit, in the early hours of Friday morning following the unspecified "complication."
Dr Emilia Crighton, director of public health at NHSGGC, said the risk to the public was "very low," but they added that officials had identified a number of people with whom Cafferkey may have come into contact and would be "following up as a precaution."
The news came just two days after the World Health Organization announced that the three West African countries at the heart of the epidemic had their first Ebola-free week since March 2014.
More than 11,000 people died and some 28,000 have been infected across Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone in the worst known outbreak of the disease.
Eleven patients were treated in the United States, mainly medical missionaries and medical volunteers. Two people died from the disease in the U.S.
David Cameron goaded me into defecting from the Tories.
Most big decisions are influenced by a range of people, events and considerations, and when asked to explain them, one has to be careful not to over-simplify, or over-emphasise particular events.
However, if there is one moment that inclined me towards leaving the Conservatives and joining Ukip more than any other, it was a meeting of the 1922 Committee which the Prime Minister addressed in June.
I was sitting next to Douglas Carswell [who has since defected to Ukip too] and I was called to ask the first question to the Prime Minister.
Scroll down for video
Conservative MP Mark Reckless (pictured with Nigel Farage) has announced they have defected to UKIP
I asked them why, as we had just sent out millions of European election leaflets saying we had brought back control of justice and home affairs from the EU, we were now opting back in to every measure that mattered.
Rather than just saying it was a deal we were stuck with from the Liberal Democrats, Mr Cameron defended the European Arrest Warrant in passionate terms – despite the fact that as a backbencher they had spoken strongly against such a warrant.
Their now apparently passionate defence of it struck us as synthetic. Advised by Lynton Crosby, their Australian image guru, the Prime Minister juts out their jaw and looks serious and sincere when making points, I fear now irrespective of whether they believe in them or not.
The next question asked what the PM wanted to renegotiate before their vaunted EU referendum. An answer, came there none. Instead, Mr Cameron told us that if they were to get back anything like all the powers some people wanted, then Britain would become almost like an ‘associate member' of the EU.
Worse, they said that as if it were self-evidently a bad thing, rather than what most of their MPs and the country wanted.
Finally, the penny dropped for us that the PM was not serious about renegotiation. All they aspired to be a few token changes, which they could then present as something more significant, just as Labour premier Harold Wilson did in 1975.
The Prime Minister only gave us two arguments why people should not support Ukip. First, it would be a wasted vote as that they could not win MPs. Second, they said that Nigel Farage did not have anyone behind him.
Mr Reckless said Prime Minister David Cameron (pictured) is one of the main reasons they have defected to UKIP
Douglas or I might easily have thought, ‘Well that is easily dealt with'. It was as if Mr Cameron was goading us that we could do more for what we believed in within Ukip than we could as Tories under their leadership.
But, of course, there is much more to my decision than that meeting, and I have not left the Tories to join Ukip lightly.
I've been a Tory for as long as I remember. I have friends across that party and I hope we will remain friends. But I'm afraid that the Conservative leadership is now part of Britain's problem.
For me, that loss of belief and trust that I experienced in the Prime Minister's policy over Europe has been compounded by broken promises elsewhere.
The reason we supposedly went into coalition with the Lib Dems was to restore order to our public finances. Yet, in five years, a Conservative-led government will add more to the national debt than Labour did in 13.
And now the three Westminster party leaders have just committed themselves indefinitely to giving every Scot £1,600 more a year.
I also promised to help make government more accountable, so MPs would answer to their constituents, not their Whips. Mr Cameron promised Parliament its own timetable, free votes for MPs when amending legislation, open primaries to select MPs, to cut the number of MPs, and give voters the right to sack their MP. None of these promises has materialised.
Mark Reckless joins Douglas Carswell in deflecting from the Conservatives to UKIP
We also promised to do away with Labour's top-down housing targets that forced us to concrete over our green fields.
Yet, now I find that, under government pressure, my local Conservative council in Medway is increasing its housing target from the annual 815 a year we had under Labour, to at least 1,000. Permission has been given to build 5,000 houses in a bird sanctuary. If that goes ahead, where will it stop?
Despite the promised EU referendum, it is assumed that current rates of open door EU immigration will continue for at least 20 years. I promised at the last Election, as did every other Conservative candidate, that we would cut net immigration from the hundreds of thousands a year to just tens of thousands.
The reality is that in the last year 243,000 more people came to this country than left, back up to the levels we saw under Labour. I'm not always against immigration. It takes guts and energy to cross half the world in search of a better life, and I support sensible controlled, legal immigration.
But if my constituents are asked to accept the case for some immigration, they want to feel we are in control of whom we are admitting and in what numbers. And we have no such sense today.
The insanity of our rules mean that second generation Britons have huge difficulties to bring granny over for a wedding, yet they see our borders open to unlimited EU migrants.
I have had constituents, Sikh or of African heritage, saying they can't marry the person they love, despite their partners being professionally qualified.
Yet, someone from France or Germany living here is exempt from our rules and can marry anyone they want from outside the EU without earning anything.
Does anyone genuinely support a system where we turn away the best and brightest from our Commonwealth, who have links and family here to make way for unskilled workers from Europe?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Vince Cable insists they have no intention of bringing down the government
Business Secretary Vince Cable says they are "embarrassed" after being recorded suggesting they could walk out of the coalition.
They could "bring the government down" if pushed and that being in coalition was like "fighting a war", they told undercover Daily Telegraph reporters.
Labour said the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition was "paralysed".
In a statement later, Mr Cable said they regretted the comments and had no intention of leaving government.
The Telegraph reported that they had been recorded telling its reporters - who were posing as their constituents - that they had been involved in a "big argument" over dealing with the banks.
'Maoist revolution'
They said they and other Lib Dems had been pressing for a "very tough approach", which had been opposed by "our Conservative friends" and that they had been involved in a "big battle" over the cap on non-EU economic migration.
Asked about their influence in the government, they reportedly said: "I have a nuclear option [of resigning]; it's like fighting a war.
Analysis Vince Cable may well feel a little bit shame faced and embarrassed by their belligerent boasts about "using the nuclear option" and bringing the government down. And yet, once the kafuffle has died down, they may well conclude that the whole episode has played to their advantage. For the talk of "fighting a war" within the Coalition surely shows the seriousness with which Mr Cable is prepared to go toe-to-toe to stand up for Lib Dem views. Indeed Mr Cable even claims some significant victories over their Tory colleagues on issues like Europe and civil liberties. And they underline their determination to get their way on bank bonuses. All of which can only be music to the ears of apprehensive Lib Dem activists concerned they've been rolled over by David Cameron. So, don't expect Nick Clegg to be too upset by Mr Cable's unguarded comments.
"They know I have nuclear weapons, but I don't have any conventional weapons. If they push me too far then I can walk out and bring the government down and they know that.
"So it is a question of how you use that intelligently without getting involved in a war that destroys all of us. That is quite a difficult position to be in and I am picking my fights. Some of which you may have seen."
The business secretary is one of the most senior Lib Dems, having previously served as the party's Treasury spokesperson and deputy leader.
The Telegraph reported that they had criticised the speed at which the coalition was trying to push through changes in the health service, local government and other areas, which they described as a "kind of Maoist revolution", and said it was "in danger of getting out of control".
They said: "We are trying to do too many things, actually. Some of them are Lib Dem-inspired, but a lot of it is Tory-inspired. The problem is not that they are Tory-inspired, but that they haven't thought them through. We should be putting a brake on it."
The axing of child benefit for higher earners had been carried out in a "rather cack-handed way", Mr Cable said, adding: "They haven't yet done the winter fuel payments, but that's coming, I think."
Conservative leader David Cameron pledged during the election campaign that they would keep the winter fuel allowance, free television licence and free bus pass if elected.
In a statement following the Telegraph's claims, Mr Cable said: "Naturally I am embarrassed by these comments and I regret them.
"I have no intention of leaving the government. I am proud of what it is achieving and will continue to play my full part in delivering the priorities I and my party believe in, which are enshrined in the coalition agreement."
'Collective responsibility'
For Labour, shadow business secretary John Denham said: "This infighting explains why the Tory-led government has three times abandoned plans to publish a plan for growth. The government is paralysed while millions wonder if their job will go next."
Mark Littlewood, a former Lib Dem communications chief and current director general of the free-market Institute of Economic Affairs think-tank, said: "There are areas of known difference between the Conservative Party and the Liberal Democrats.
"But I think when you start describing the actions of your own government as being like a Maoist revolution and you threaten to potentially 'nuke' your colleagues if you're pushed too far, that is getting very close indeed to breaching cabinet collective responsibility."
Mr Cable has previously spoken out against the government's policy of imposing an interim cap on non-EU workers, suggesting it was damaging businesses.
BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said Lib Dem activists were likely to be reassured by Mr Cable's willingness to highlight differences with the Conservatives.
They added, however, that some fellow ministers would be irritated that they have potentially undermined a show of unity between the prime minister and deputy prime minister ahead of a joint news conference on Tuesday.
In the Commons shadow chancellor Alan Johnson asked George Osborne: "Does the chancellor recognise themselves in the business secretary's description of 'cack-handed Tories'?"
Mr Osborne replied: "The business secretary is a powerful ally in the government and in promoting growth and, frankly, he's forgotten more about economics than the shadow chancellor ever knew."
Kinder Morgan is signing contracts with construction companies and plans to start building its new $7.4-billion pipeline in September. At the same time, a new NDP-Green party partnership could form government in B.C. and start acting on election campaign promises to kill the project.
Both the company and the politicians made announcements on Tuesday making it clear they are not backing down in this fight.
"This is an exciting day," said Ian Anderson, the head of Kinder Morgan Canada, in a news release announcing that the company had completed its Initial Public Offering and had made the final investment decision on the project. No matter that the shares fell as the market opened and no mention of the possible change in government.
In the afternoon, B.C. Green Party leader Andrew Weaver and John Horgan of the NDP said their alliance dictates that once in government, they will immediately employ every tool to stop the expansion of the Kinder Morgan pipeline.
The fate of the pipeline, which would stretch from Edmonton to Burnaby, B.C., could be a battle of the wills between a big energy company with billions of dollars on the line versus an upstart political duo that may take a slim hold on power and have something to prove. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and the premier of Alberta are doubling down on their support for the project, while opposing forces in B.C. like federal Green Party leader Elizabeth May, consider the project dead.
Weaver on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/KinderMorgan?src=hash">#KinderMorgan</a>: "The idea that somehow a pipeline in a market that doesn't exist will create jobs ... is nothing more than a myth." <a href="https://t.co/OqzbXOmRpm">pic.twitter.com/OqzbXOmRpm</a> —@cbcnewsbc It could be quite the clash this summer.
'Mark my words, that pipeline will be built'
The war of words is intensifying, even from those not directly involved in the project. Alberta Premier Rachel Notley said, "Mark my words, that pipeline will be built."
If you look at the value of the shares on the market yesterday, investors seem to agree with Notley. Kinder Morgan Canada's shares were down by 75 cents or five per cent, but Rafi Tahmazian, a portfolio manager with Canoe Financial estimates that between two and three dollars of Kinder Morgan Canada's share price is associated with the value of the Trans Mountain expansion. So the market believes there is still hope.
What will the new pipeline mean for the provinces of Alberta and B.C.? 0:48 "This is a company that has clearly calculated a budget of what they are willing to spend and potentially lose," said Tahmazian. "That has all been calculated in their capital budget to the dollar, so there's a certain degree of spending they will do to move this forward, but at some point they're going to have to decide if this drags on too long."
Legally, Ottawa holds the power
Large export pipelines fall under federal jurisdiction and that's why legally, B.C. has its hands tied. Kinder Morgan already has federal government approval and an environmental certificate from B.C.
"It would be very difficult to do anything to withdraw the previous approvals," said James Coleman, an energy law professor at Southern Methodist University, who previously worked at the University of Calgary. "There's probably very little they can do on that front."
However, a new B.C. government could take some steps to make it more difficult for the company.
Large infrastructure projects require countless permits for construction such as accessing roads, using heavy equipment and docking at a port. In some cases, governments have denied permits for energy projects across North America to slow down development. For instance, two years ago a Shell drilling rig was held up at a Seattle port because local authorities said proper permits were not in place and protestors faced little resistance to their demonstrations.
There are countless permits the company will need from the provincial government and that's one way politicians could slow down pipeline construction, says the energy law professor. 0:56 "The whole game will be — can they make it difficult enough for Kinder Morgan that they don't actually want to go through with the project," said Coleman.
Stick it to Big Oil
Another tactic could be to insist on a new environmental assessment. If that fails, the B.C. government could decide that Kinder Morgan hasn't fulfilled the 37 conditions attached to the provincial environmental certificate granted in January.
"Even with the existing certificate that has been granted, there are a number of conditions that have been set out that will require the province to give its consent before construction can start," said Chris Tollefson, a University of Victoria law professor and director of the Pacific Centre for Environmental Law & Litigation.
The University of Calgary energy law professor says inter-provincial pipelines are clearly the federal government's jurisdiction. 0:54 "Whether this project can start in September is really a matter that will be determined by provincial regulators," they said.
A legal grey area
The courts have made it clear that projects like the Trans Mountain Expansion are federal jurisdiction. The municipality of Burnaby tried to obstruct some of Kinder Morgan's testing in 2015 and lost the legal challenge. Burnaby could not interfere in a project under federal oversight.
However, one court case shows B.C. may have some clout to protect its environment. Last year, the B.C. Supreme Court sided with Coastal First Nations in a case involving Enbridge's proposed Northern Gateway project. The judge's message was that a provincial government can't rely on the federal government, but instead should do its own environmental assessment and consult with First Nations and other local stakeholders.
All this means that there seems to be shifted in our understanding of where the power lies in projects such as Trans Mountain, said Fenner Stewart, an energy law expert at the University of Calgary. The law is clear, but politics muddy the water.
"The real question I would say, isn't whether or not the federal government has a legal capacity to push this decision forward," said Stewart. "It's whether or not the federal government is willing to spend the political capital and social capital to do so."
SAN CARLOS – Dozens of people sang, danced and prayed outside the San Carlos Apache tribe's office on Thursday morning before heading out on a 44-mile journey they hope will protect their ancestral lands at Oak Flat campground.
The protesters organized the march to express their anger over a federal land exchange that gave a copper mining company permission to mine land sacred to the Apache people.
“I prayed about having my sunrise dance (a womanhood ceremony) there,” said Nizhoni Pike, 14, a member of the tribe who joined the march. “I grew up going there, praying there.”
The two-day march will end at Oak Flat campground in southeastern Arizona, where Resolution Copper Mining plans to break ground on a $61.4 billion mining operation by mid-2020, according to its website.
Resolution Copper officials did not return a call seeking comment, but elected officials previously have said the project will bring much-needed jobs to the area.
The campground is not on the reservation, but the land holds cultural significance to the Apache people.
Protesters plan to occupy the Oak Flat area for “however long it takes,” said Vernelda Grant, the director and tribal historic preservation officer for the San Carlos Apache Historic Preservation Archaeology Department.
In December, the federal government authorized the land swap as part of the National Defense and Authorization Act, which continued funding for the Defense Department.
The legislation gave Phoenix-based Resolution Copper 2,400 acres of copper-rich land in and around the Oak Flat campground. In return, the company will transfer roughly 5,300 acres of privately owned parcels of conservation land scattered throughout Arizona to the U.S. Forest Service.
Arizona Sen. John McCain touted the legislation to Cronkite News, saying “Arizona is the largest copper-producing state in the nation, which is why support for this legislation remains strong in my home state.”
But tribal members said the government never consulted the tribe.
“This is a human and religious-rights issue, and it's undermining tribal sovereignty if this continues,” said Wendsler Nosie Sr., a tribal council member of the San Carlos Apache's Peridot District. “The U.S. can still make these corrections.”
Grant added that the tribe's connection to the land “is a part of something that greatly makes us who we are.”
The legislation authorizing the land swap specified that the Secretary of Agriculture would consult with “affected Indian tribes.”
However, San Carlos Apache Chairman Terry Rambler said government officials have not valued the tribe's concerns.
Rambler previously told Cronkite News that “meaningful consultation” would have meant the tribe had an opportunity to change the outcome. But in this case, “we're just like a check mark in the process.”
Resolution Copper anticipates $20 billion in local, state and federal tax revenues over the 64 year life of the mine, according to its website.
The site also said the mining project will support 1,430 direct jobs and will create opportunities locally, regionally and statewide.
However, Nicole Horseherder, 45, a community organizer from Black Mesa who has led environmental protests, said they don't believe Resolution Copper has considered the human or environmental costs.
“Tribal leaders need to look at everything, not just how economists calculate the costs,” they said. “It's not a comprehensive viewpoint. An indigenous perspective will give you the real costs, the human costs.”
“You want jobs that are not going to hurt your people. You want to be proud of the revenue,” Horseherder added.
Nosie said the protest has garnered attention from people around the world from places where the company operates other mines, particularly those that affect indigenous people in places like Africa, Brazil and Australia, where Resolution Copper Mining's parent company Rio Tinto is based.
“It's really devastating to the rest of the world,” Nosie said.
- 30 -
In just under nine weeks, Mr. Trump will take control of a portfolio of public business between the United States and India, the world's two largest democracies, supervising debates over issues including climate change, maritime shadowboxing with China and the nuclear standoff with Pakistan.
The meeting shows that Mr. Trump has not fully disengaged from their business ventures even as they lead their presidential transition, and it highlights the potential conflicts they will face going forward if they do not separate themselves from a brand that has been constructed around their persona.
In a telephone interview, Atul Chordia, one of the developers who met last week with Mr. Trump, played down the appointment as a “two-minute” congratulatory conversation in which no business was transacted and no new projects were discussed.
But newspapers in India reported it as a business meeting, illustrated with a photograph of the beaming real estate executives — Atul Chordia, Sagar Chordia and Kalpesh Mehta — flanking the future president, and indicated that the builders and Mr. Trump's organization are planning further collaborative real estate projects.
Sagar Chordia confirmed to The New York Times on Sunday that this account of the meeting in New York — which included discussions with the Trump family about possible additional real estate deals — was accurate. A spokesperson for the Trump Organization did not dispute this account — saying only that the encounter with Mr. Trump themselves was brief.
When you meet acquaintances or family members you haven't for a long while, it's possible you'll pick things up right from where you left off as if nothing had changed. But what if one of the parties involved “changed”, as far as they are concerned? They might get annoyed or even angry that the other side acts as if they know them, presumes to know them, when they merely know their past self?
What does all of that have to do with Neon Genesis Evangelion? Well, I've first watched NGE about 15 years ago, and my last rewatch had been either 8 or 12 years back. I happened to rewatch it during January, and it was quite unlike my experiences rewatching or rereading media in general, which usually subscribe to the first mode of meeting old acquaintances again – you get what you expect, you revisit all those fond memories, and if anything, those feelings are enhanced as you prepare yourself emotionally for these moments' impact.
(This is a Things I Like post, it's not a review, but more a discussion of the show and of ideas that have risen in my mind as I've watched it. There will be show-experience transforming spoilers.)
Neon Genesis Evangelion was more akin to the second way these reunions can play out, but in reverse. Imagine you meet an old acquaintance again after a long period of time, but during this time you haven't met, you've had mutual acquaintances tell you many stories of how they've changed, of how they are now. And then you meet with them again, and they don't match the updated mental image of them you hold in your mind, and it's not because they've changed in a different form, but because they haven't changed at all. That is the position I found myself in when I rewatched Neon Genesis Evangelion, when I was reunited with it.
I can't overstate how important and influential Evangelion is in the modern anime community, how often it is references by other series, or by people who discuss anime. One of the results of that is that Evangelion not only spawned countless memes (“Get in the robot, Shinji!” as an example), but that Evangelion itself has become a meme, of sorts. Like a game of Chinese Whispers, the nature of the show itself somewhat transformed, even in my mind, when I've watched it numerous times. This isn't too much of a surprise, as discussing a work with others can change how we view it. In Evangelion's case, the case is muddied even further, as during the past decade, three Rebuilds of Evangelion films have come out, and in them, the characters are closer to the way they're viewed, rather than their original form.
For a concrete example, take a look at Asuka. Asuka is no longer simply Asuka Langley Soryu, a character within Neon Genesis Evangelion, but has ascended to being the archetypical “red-haired tsundere”. Asuka is somewhat of a brat, they lash out at others because they feel insecure. That's what we know, that's what comes across immediately, and also what's been carried on. The length and depth of Asuka's loneliness, how much they hurt, and how much they fear to let anyone close, those are things we find as the series goes on, and are also “known”. But rewatching the show, I was struck by how much Asuka is a child. Beyond being merely “childish”, they run around to get noticed by Kaiji and even Shinji, they poke their tongue out at others, they hop around in their class, and bullies those who know they can be mean.
Asuka is very much a child, and for a character who's fourteen, it makes sense, but part of the transcendental nature of the characters (amusing, that in a show that references psychoanalysis, the characters became Jungian archetypes in the anime subculture), that the characters as we discuss them don't have an age, and if they do, it's certainly not “junior high school students” in our minds. The characters are barely people as much as they are ideas and concepts. I find it extremely fascinating, as Evangelion is known for its deep and nuanced characters and characterization, it is known for being “psychological”, and yet, the discussion of the show, and the image that was left in my mind all those years later is much flatter than what those characters truly are depicted as.
In the same vein, the show feels different. I remembered Shinji coming out of the shower naked when they first encounter Pen-Pen, and Misato being described as a booze-hound and a slob, but the show had so many sequences that I'd write off as “tropey anime gags” that my mind simply erased, because a serious show such as Evangelion surely couldn't have them, right? And more than that, the show has considerably more slice of life moments, slow moments, than I recalled. To cut down on the pacing? Probably to a degree, but the effect is actually similar to what I felt watching Aku no Hana, that we're inhabiting Shinji's body, that we feel trapped there as they are. You can't rush it.
These sequences that my memory erased are also erased by the Rebuild films. There's a difference between spending several hours with someone, or reading a single paragraph summary of it. As Evangelion is at its core a psychological story, the “lived-in experience” is paramount. To remove all the small touches, all the still shots of Shinji staring at the world, would just read as if we were watching Star Wars: Episode 3, that someone just randomly changes their mind after every statement they utter or is uttered to them.
My treatment of various characters had also been somewhat different, as we learn of just why Asuka is so traumatized much later in the series than I remembered, so my read on their motivation, on their intense loneliness, came from knowing how they were abandoned, and how they must prove their usefulness, small moments that read very differently, as if she's just a normal fourteen year old otherwise. Likewise, that Akagi Ritsuko has been sleeping with Ikari Gendo? It seems like such a small thing (and we don't find out about it nearly until the series ends), but it paints the whole show's fascination with the concept of motherhood (also tied to its references to Freud), and of characters being there as replacements to others, in an even starker light.
There were also other small moments of surprise, such as Kaworu, a very important character, only appearing in a single episode in the show. Their importance is such that in my mind's eye, I was sure it was at least 3-4 episodes, but it's not.
What did I think of the show as a whole? I'll admit that it was a tad harder to watch the show, rather than watch myself watch the show, which is also something that happens more when I watch an adaptation of material I've consumed before than simply rewatch material I've watched before. It's me questioning whether I like this material because I remember liking it, because it's “good”, or because I'm “supposed to like it.” I mean, sometimes I rewatch something I used to like and realize it's crap (see Braveheart), but it wasn't the case here. I did wonder how tolerant I'd have been of this show, had I watched it now, as a currently airing show, with its ponderous pace, and all those “standard anime tropey gags” which make me sigh these days.
But when it comes down to it, I still liked Neon Genesis Evangelion quite a bit. I've heard it said the show “ages with you,” and like most classics, whenever you watch it, it has things to teach you, about yourself, and that your reaction to it (as with many seminal works) is more indicative of your place in life at the time of engaging with it than the material itself. Do you resent Shinji? Do you sympathize with him? I must say though, that on this front the show was somewhat of a failure for me. I could understand the characters, and they all came off as fully-realized people, let alone characters, but I didn't feel myself in any of them, I didn't feel myself in their struggles. But I could see my past self, my teenager self's thoughts, my post-army self's thoughts, in various characters and interactions.
Anything from episode 18 onward is still a wild ride (102 screenshots for episodes 1-17, 1,055 for 18-26, for comparison), and this time around I was much less confused by the backstory, and could focus much more on the psychological breakdown that reached critical mass. I also never noticed before, but Ogata Megumi as Shinji did such a good job every time Shinji screamed in the cockpit, that I can't help but wince at how sore their throat must have been afterwards.
As always, I can't reconcile the “Shinji is so weak!” with what actually happens in the show, and it feels as if it must originate from people who speak of the show without actually having watched it. Well, episode 24 gave me an interesting thought, that “Shinji is a pussy” actually comes from them admitting their love for Kaworu, and the attack on masculinity seen therein.
Before I conclude this piece that is somewhat about Neon Genesis Evangelion, somewhat on how you can come back to a property that lives in the shared community mind and find it “different” without actually changing (because how can it), and quite a bit on my own journey back to this show, that was one of the first anime shows I've watched, I'll say a few words on End of Evangelion.
Unlike the main series, I think this is my first time rewatching End of Evangelion, and while Neon Genesis Evangelion is still a masterpiece in terms of storytelling, characterization, and directing, it's much harder for me to wrap my head about what I think and feel of EoE. Is this a film that continues the messages found within the series, and sometimes goes too far in spelling out the themes in case people missed them before? Yes. Does it flesh out some characters' motivations and feelings, which might have been suspected prior but are certainly helpful now, such as Gendo Ikari's? Yes, certainly. Does it sometimes wallow in beautiful self-indulgence, giving us a marvelous yet superfluous sequence as Lilith-Rei consumes Earth's souls as Komm süsser Tod plays? Definitely.
Was the film necessary? Was the film a precursor to Anno's indulgent Rebuild of Evangelion 3.33? Is it deep and insightful, or base and pandering, complete with a twist ending? An artistic masterpiece, or an attempt to recapture the glory of one's recent success? It's all of of these things. It's definitely an experience, which is more interesting to think of than reach any conclusions about, honestly. Komm, süsser Tod (Come, Sweet Death) is a perfect analogy to the film as a whole, both the song on its own, and the sequence it plays in (including that it plays just a bit too long, for comfort).
Neon Genesis Evangelion, a series to watch and rewatch, and it's a different experience each and every time. It's different because, apparently, not only are we different people each time we come to the series, but so are the characters. Imagine that.
My question to the readers: What is your experience with Neon Genesis Evangelion (both within and without the show)? If you've read this post and haven't watched the show, I'm still interested in your answer.
“I would say that education choice is a double-edged sword,” said Steve Evangelista, a co-founder of Harlem Link, a charter elementary school. “We as the charter-school sector and the education community need to understand the damage that choice can cause.”
Evangelista and others in the sector also disagree with DeVos's apparent stance on charter-school regulation, which they fought in their home state of Michigan.
James Merriman, the CEO of the New York City Charter School Center, did not comment publicly on DeVos, but they wrote an op-ed in the New York Daily News after Trump's election on the importance of maintaining strong charter-school oversight instead of “simply growing the sector for growth's sake.”
“A high-quality charter-school sector is only possible when sound policy takes precedence over ideology,” Merriman wrote. “The bedrock of chartering isn't that the marketplace or even choice will make good schools, as some Republicans, perhaps Trump included, seem to think.”
The DeVos family poured over a million dollars into legislative races when lawmakers were considering more charter-school oversight in Detroit. Them work drew criticism for creating a “Wild West” policy environment and allowing failing charters to survive.
The charter sector in Michigan, which has an unprecedented number of for-profit charter schools, looks nothing like the sector in New York. In Michigan, there are many charter-school authorizers, some of which are strict while others are more lax, said Michael Petrilli, the president of the conservative-learning Thomas Fordham Institute.
“There is a sense that in Detroit, nobody is in charge,” Petrilli said. That contrasts with New York, which has a small number of authorizers focused on school quality, they said.
Having a school-choice advocate associated with Trump also puts New York City's sector in a bind. Particularly in the wake of the NAACP's call for a moratorium on charter schools, some in the sector are trying to win progressive support, rather than squander it.
New York City's charter schools serve many low-income students of color, some of whom feel anxious and angry about the rhetoric Trump used during their campaign. Moskowitz's pledge to support Trump's education efforts drew protesters outside their Harlem home.
“Some of it is probably guilt by association,” said Aaron Pallas, a professor at Columbia University's Teachers College. “You still have a president-elect who is viewed by many as having egged on and promoted racist and otherwise offensive points of view among their supporters.”
Still, some national and regional charter-school groups have expressed support for DeVos. The National Alliance for Public Charter Schools sent a congratulatory release, and Andrea Rogers, the New York state director of the Northeast Charter Schools Network, sent a statement saying they are “glad to see another charter supporter take the reins.”
President Trump speaks to supporters at a rally in Louisville, Ky., March 21, 2017. (Reuters photo: Jonathan Ernst)
And when the free things don't materialize, the people turn on you. Solution: Stop lying.
Democratic politics is riven by a central conflict: the conflict between truth and desire. People generally want things; they want government to give them those things. Conservatives aren't wrong when they say they can't compete with Santa Claus — it's far harder to draw voters to your side by telling them they won't get something than by telling them that they'll get real estate on the moon.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But thankfully, there is another human tendency that helps counteract the desire to receive from the government: the natural outrage at being lied to. Human beings aren't fond of being promised the moon and then delivered moldy cheese.
This means that voters will support politicians who lie credibly, then turn radically on those politicians when those lies don't work out. The result: a wildly variant politics in which nobody ever tells the truth — because telling the truth means avoiding the promises that get you elected.
The Founders laid out a way of dealing with this conflict between wanting to be lied to and hating to be lied to: They attempted to minimize the benefit of lying for politicians. Limited government made lying less worthwhile. Who would believe that a politician would use the government to provide “free” things when the government itself was banned from providing free things?
Advertisement
But with the rise of progressive government beginning in the early 20th century, the central conflict at the root of democracy took hold. For generations, conservatives struggled with the temptation to simply lie for political convenience and pay the cost later. Some, like Nixon, campaigned on big-government promises and paid for it with big-government failures. Others, like Reagan, campaigned on small-government truths and benefited from keeping their promises.
Advertisement
Now, however, the struggle seems to be over.
President Trump represents the notion, ascendant in Republican circles, that the only way to win elections is to fib to the American people. Power is its own justification, and there is no better way to demonstrate power than by promulgating a big lie. That fits with Trump's view of the world, in which success is its own virtue.
Trump spent most of their adulthood attempting to win friends and admirers in the upper-crust circles of Manhattan; they struggled with the fact that they were treated as a nouveau riche vulgarian. Their solution: Embrace the vulgarity, brag about victories they never won, and turn the art of the sell into their persona. For Trump, the greatest sin isn't lying or cheating: It's losing. That's why they spend an inordinate amount of verbiage calling their opponents “losers” or “failing,” as though victory and defeat amount to some sort of moral status.
Americans can re-enshrine the Founders' bargain by limiting government to minimize the impact of lying politicians.
After eight years of President Obama, many Republicans were prepared to embrace Trump's ethos. That became particularly apparent after Mitt Romney's 2012 defeat, which Republicans attributed not to their overly cerebral civility but to their fundamental decency. The theory became prevalent in conservative circles that Romney had lost not only because they wouldn't fight hard enough but also because they wouldn't fight dirty enough. Establishment conservatives conflated civility and decency; anti-establishment conservatives made the same mistake. Instead of stating that a less civil but similarly decent candidate could have won in 2012, anti-establishment conservatives concluded that it would take an uncivil, indecent person to defeat Democrats.
Advertisement
And that, of course, was the ultimate purpose: defeating Democrats. Not truth, not a enacting a conservative agenda, but defeating Democrats: the lesser of two evils. Sure, Trump would make big-government promises, sound like a statist on health care and trade and economics. But he'd win, don't you see? And their dishonesty would all be worthwhile, since he'd then pursue policies conservatives would like.
Advertisement
Trump's victory rewarded that theory. But the theory is untenable.
It's untenable because conservatives don't seek the same policy results that leftists do. That means that Trump's promises are bound to come up empty. And that means that Trump and the Republicans have placed themselves back on the horns of an ancient dilemma: They can lie to the people by promising them free things, but those things won't materialize.
That, after all, is exactly what happened to President Obama. Obama remained personally popular for their entire presidency. But their chief achievements are on the verge of destruction because they lied: They told people they could have everything, and then they delivered less than that. They told Americans that they could keep their doctors if they liked them; they couldn't. They told Americans that they would not see rising premiums; they did. They said that he'd be fiscally responsible, but at the same time, they were blowing out the budget. Their lies caught up with him.
And if Republicans lie — as they have, in making guarantees about health care that mirror Democrats' lies — they'll pay the price, too.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are only two directions from here: up and down.
Up: Americans realize that politicians who guarantee them free things are lying to them, and they react by re-enshrining the Founders' bargain, limiting government to minimize the impact of lying politicians.
Down: Americans distrust everyone in politics but simultaneously embrace the lies of their own side, justifying tissue-thin conspiracy theories that put the other side at a disadvantage, breaking down the social fabric and the political discourse until all faith in the system disappears completely.
The choice is up to us. But whether we like it or not, truth will have its day. We can either acknowledge and celebrate the fact that power isn't worth sacrificing truth, or we can lose both power and truth in the worshipful pursuit of power alone.
Competing on the most prominent stage in mixed martial arts comes equipped with an automatic amount of pressure.
For some, simply stepping into the Octagon is a dream realized and validation for years of hard work spent grinding out victories for smaller promotions, where others are looking to prove they belong competing with the best fighters in the world.
In a realm as competitive as the UFC, the battles come on multiple fronts. The notion of a fighter only being as good as their last showing, while cliche, rings with an element of truth. When a fighter finds themselves on a losing skid, the weight of the circumstances at hand become an unavoidable reality.
That being said, each competitor handles pressure differently, and UFC heavyweight Matt Mitrione is prepared to face every aspect of of their current situation head-on.
The former NFL defensive tackle-turned-mixed martial artist will be looking to stop a two-fight skid when they step in against Phil De Fries next Saturday at UFC on Fuel TV 9 in Stockholm, Sweden, headlined by top light heavyweights Alexander Gustafsson and Gegard Mousasi.
Having their back against the wall is unfamiliar territory for the former Purdue University standout, as they got off to a red-hot start in their first four showings under the UFC banner.
The 34-year-old's early success positioned them to take a step up in competition. But after coming up short against Cheick Kongo at UFC 137 and suffering a first-round defeat to their former TUF housemate Roy Nelson last December, the urgency and intensity surrounding Mitirone's career have increased.
The Indiana-based fighter is fully aware of what could be waiting on the other side of a loss in Sweden, but "Meathead" intends to use the pressure as motivation to get the job done against De Fries.
"Oh, for sure there is pressure and my head is definitely on the chopping block here," Mitrione told Bleacher Report. "I don't know if it will get cut off or not, or the UFC will pull a Dan Hardy and keep me around, but if I lose then I'm definitely subject to being cut. And I acknowledge that.
"Honestly, it doesn't really affect me because in the UFC you can have one bad fight and get axed out.
"That is not any additional pressure but it is a realization that I could get cut if I lose. I pride myself with being as honest with myself as possible, and this is a situation where there definitely is peril if I lose this fight. But I'm not going to lose, so I'm not worried about it.
"There are some things I look forward to, and this fight is definitely one of them. My head is on the chopping block, there is a little bit of pressure on externally, and let's go out there and see what I got. Let's go out there and see what happens, baby.
"I'm no spring chicken and everybody knows that," Mitrione added. "I started late in the game and I've been in the UFC for three and a half years now; it's time for me to do something. I have seven fights under my belt and it's sink or swim now. It's sh** or get off the pot. It's go time right now and either I do it or I don't."
In the matchup with De Fries, Mitrione is facing an opponent in a similar position. The Team Alliance fighter came out on the business end of their most recent outing against powerhouse Todd Duffee, bringing their record to 2-2 under the UFC banner.
On paper, the bout between the British grappler and the heavy-handed slugger would appear to be a classic stylistic tilt. That being said, having learned from past experiences, Mitrione is ready for anything that could possibly come theirs way.
"From the way it looks, Phil doesn't have the best chin in the world," Mitrione said. "I have pretty heavy hands and I'm not afraid to stand in the pocket and trade, and I think from the way it looks to most people, they match up poorly against me and I match up very well against him.
"But in that same breath, Phil has some takedowns and they are a solid grappler. I feel people will say if the fight goes to the ground, I'll be in trouble, so it's vice versa for both of us in a sense. But honestly, I feel my ground game is pretty damn good; I just never show it.
"Even before I came down here to South Florida and trained with Thiago Silva and Braulio Estima, I was training with Coach Neil Melanson. I was training with some really good guys. It is just a matter of time before I get in a spot where I'm grappling during a fight and showing my ground-and-pound, top control and everything else. I'm excited about it.
"My fight IQ is getting better and I'm excited about learning. I made a couple of mistakes in my fight against Roy Nelson. I stopped using my feet, stopped moving around, and said screw it, I'll just trade off with Roy. I wasn't afraid of their power and thought f*** it, let's just see what happens. But the biggest mistake I made was that I got too far over on my front leg and I flared my elbow out on my straight left.
"Roy saw that a couple times and it was something they had practiced quite a bit. They knew I was expecting their overhand right and when I flared out my elbow and had my eyebrow tucked into my bicep; they threw an uppercut.
"It was something I never saw coming and it was because I telegraphed what I did and put too much weight forward. If I had put my weight on my back foot, like I'm always supposed to, by the time I would have stepped into my punch, their punch would have been six or seven inches short of my face. They never would have thrown it, but I messed up.
"It is things like that I learn the most from. It sucks to say it but you have to lose in order to learn some times. You just have to. If you win, you think you are doing everything right but if you lose, then you see all the dumb sh** you do. It sucks but I feel like my fight IQ. has really increased and I feel like I've become a more intelligent fighter because of what happened.
"I would like to think this next fight is a great opportunity to show that progression but Phil could come out there and do something that throws me for a loop," Mitrione added. "He could do some things I've never seen before, put me in a bad spot and win the fight. You never know.
"But I am going to do every thing in my power to make sure that doesn't happen. I'm going to use everything I've been working on in training and you never know what I'm going to do. Hell, I never know what I'm going to do and that's the fun part of it."
Despite the circumstances lingering overhead, Mitrione has kept their signature brand of humor intact. The IFA gym owner and Team Blackzillians fighter doesn't shy away from the reality of their situation, much the same way as they don't back down from trading leather inside the Octagon.
For Mitrione, the fight game is all or nothing, and they intend to give De Fries everything they have next Saturday at Ericsson Globe Arena. Whether that will be enough to earn the victory remains to be seen, but one thing Mitrione can guarantee is that he's going to bring the ruckus directly to their British counterpart.
"I'm bringing the same old me into this fight. There has never been one fight where I fight harder than any time before it. I'm not brand new and improved. I didn't go back to the drawing board. I'm just learning the same things I was learning before. I'm going to be the same douchebag who is probably going to smile in the middle of the fight because I enjoy what the hell I do. I'm going to get out there and do work like I always do.
"Another thing fans are going to see for sure is a tan Matt Mitrione. I go to the tanning bed on the regular and while I look a little bit hairy, I'm going to be tan. That's for damn sure. I also have a beard that I've never sported going into a fight before. I'm not going to shave it and I'm going to be grimy and gutter in Sweden. I'm excited about it."
Duane Finley is a featured columnist for Bleacher Report. All quotes are obtained firsthand unless noted otherwise.
NEWARK, New Jersey (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie on Friday vetoed legislation that would have banned .50-caliber rifles from the state, infuriating gun control activists who said that they were bowing to political pressure from the right.
The move comes a week after Christie signed into law 10 less controversial gun violence bills that were backed by gun control advocates, including bans on the sale of firearms to people on federal terrorism watch lists and increased penalties for firearms use.
But Christie said the prohibition on .50-caliber rifles would outlaw a weapon that had never been used in a crime in New Jersey.
“Tellingly, the legislature points to no instance of this class of firearms being used by even a single criminal in New Jersey,” they said. “The wide scope of this total ban, therefore, will not further public safety, but only interfere with lawful recreational pastimes.”
The bill's sponsor, Assemblyman Peter Barnes, called the veto puzzling, saying that Christie had previously expressed support for the concept.
“I can only assume Governor Christie caved to the extremists who oppose any common sense gun violence prevention effort,” Barnes said.
Christie, seen as a potential candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016, also conditionally vetoed two other bills designed to curb gun violence, sending them back to the state legislature with language that the Democrat-controlled body was unlikely to accept.
The two measures would have created laws requiring law enforcement to report lost and stolen gun data to a federal database, embed information about gun permits onto a driver's license, create instant background checks and require safety training for gun owners.
Christie called the idea of using smart card technology to embed information into a driver's license “unworkable and impractical,” saying it echoed a 2002 proposal for a personalized handgun that can only be fired by a recognized user.
“The technology didn't exist then and it doesn't now 11 years later,” they said in a statement.
Gun rights advocate strongly supported the governor's veto, saying the measures would do little to reduce crime and were designed to forward a political agenda.
“After seven months of intense battles over misguided legislation that won't stop another crime or prevent another tragedy, we are grateful that Governor Christie has finally ended the discussion on the worst of the bills by tossing them onto the scrap heap where they belong,” said Scott Bach, director of the Association of New Jersey Rifle and Pistol Clubs.
Gun rights advocates nationwide were closely watching the legislation. Second Amendment supporters feared that if Christie signed the bills that they would give cover to other states to sign new gun restrictions into law.
If you thought $10 was highway robbery when it comes to apps, this colorful infographic should help put things in perspective.
It's arguable that a few of the apps listed here are worth their eye-popping price tag—Harrison's Principles, for instance, is basically a medical textbook for doctors, while IDIA is the veterinarian's counterpart. But others, like Water Globe, which is literally a $200 set of digital snow globes, will leave you seriously wondering what the human race has come to.
Advertisement
And then you've got your reeeally egregious cases like app.Cash, the $1,000 virtual cash register for iPhone. Yes, your money will be safe with this register's app developer, and once you pair it with your 10 thousand dollar Apple Watch, you won't be needing to make any additional deposits for a long time.
Read about all the most outrageously priced iPhone and iPad apps over at Business Insider. [Dadaviz]
Top image via Jody Sieradski / Dadaviz
There is no question that Malaysia and China are failing to meet their international obligations to find MH370.
And there is no question that Malaysia's investigation of the plane's disappearance is among the most mismanaged in modern history. The Malaysian end of the investigation has been shambolic, where a variety of government ministers, officials and the country's military have contributed to a chaotic stream of misinformation.
If the Malaysian Government also wants to avoid accusations of a cover-up, it needs to continue the search and to end almost three years of emotional agony for the victims' families. The suggestion that something is dodgy in Kuala Lumpur will only gain credibility if the Malaysians fail to act on a recommendation by the team of international experts led by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau which is co-ordinating the search.
New information led the experts to conclude that a relatively small area of 25,000sqkm just outside the main search area is likely to contain the wreckage and should be searched.
The cost of the search is unclear but analysts believe it is about $190 million. Malaysia has paid $100 million, Australia $70 million and China $20 million.
China's contribution has been pitiful given MH370 was a code-share with China Southern Airlines and carried the airline's flight number CZ748. There were 153 Chinese on board. China needs to contribute more.
The hollow rhetoric of Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tong Lai saying it is an “aspirational goal” to find MH370 simply is not good enough.
Even Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester's excuse that the new area of 25,000sqkm was not specific enough to meet the criteria set down by officials from the three governments is lame.
In the vastness of the Indian Ocean, an area of 25,000sqkm is very specific and the analysis that has helped pinpoint the new area has broken new ground.
Malaysia and China should bite the bullet, provide the $40 million to $50 million needed to extend the search and do the right thing for the families of the 239 passengers and crew lost.
Now that we have new facts, including a drift study by the CSIRO from the debris recovered in the west Indian Ocean, that indicate the plane is most likely in the new area, the search must go on.
While we know that 9 out of 10 abortions in the US occur very early in a pregnancy. But we didn't know much about the sort of woman who has an abortion after she's moved into their second trimester. Until now.
Guttmacher Institute researchers conducted analysis of more than 9,493 women who terminated their pregnancies after the 12th week of gestation in 2008. They found that women who receive second trimester abortions tend to be young, uneducated, poor, and black, until 16 weeks' gestation. After that point, the demographics shift: women receiving abortions at 16 weeks or later tend to be high income and using health insurance to pay for the procedure. The age group most likely to receive a second trimester abortion were 18 and 19 year olds.
Advertisement
Because the cost of an abortion increases as the weeks pass, women with high incomes or good health coverage would be more likely to be able to afford a procedure after 16 weeks, which can cost up to $10,000 without insurance. Teens and women with low levels of education might have later term abortions because of a lack of knowledge about their options or access to reproductive health services, or because it takes them some time to secure the money necessary to obtain an abortion.
Researchers noted that in general, the likelihood that a woman would have an abortion at 13 weeks or later is inversely proportional to the woman's poverty status and level of education; that is, the poorer and less educated a woman was, the greater the chance was that she'd have a second trimester abortion.
Interestingly, the study found that more than half of women who received abortions at 16 weeks or later were terminating intended pregnancies, which means we can infer that some of those procedures may be due to a threat to the mother's health or an insurmountable birth defect. Women aren't just waltzing into Planned Parenthood at 20 weeks pregnant and aborting their fetuses willy-nilly.
Advertisement
Further, the vast majority of women surveyed said they would have preferred to have had their abortions earlier in their pregnancies. Wait, what? Second trimester abortions aren't sort of like a gentle tickle fight in the uterus?! I feel so misled.
The results of this analysis may seem obvious, but they're important in building a case for more access to contraception and first-trimester abortion providers for young, poor women, as it is a scientific fact that late-term abortions are not fun, and they usually involve women who wish it could have turned out differently. Furthermore, the myth of the flippant pregnant woman deciding to have an abortion at 20 weeks just for funsies needs to be debunked once and for all.
Who has second trimester abortions in the United States? [Guttmacher]
(SITE Intel Group/AP)
The situation in Algeria appears to be complication upon complication. The local government is acting unilaterally to try to save hostages from as many as 10 different countries. They are in a remote, sprawling compound thousands of miles from the capital city, and held by an independent fighting force with ties to international Islamic extremists.
Whether Western intelligence agencies should have predicted this attack will dominate much of the news cycle in the coming days. For now, the top priority should be ending the situation as quickly as possible, one expert says.
"Hostage rescue is the hardest thing to do," says Jim Reese, a former U.S. special operations officer who specialized in these missions. "The Algerians probably have some capability, but it would be a difficult target to have for any forces."
Algeria will likely deploy its Special Intervention Group, a secretive commando unit formed in the late 1980s to serve a purpose similar to American units such as Delta Force and Navy SEAL Team Six.
Teams that conduct hostage rescue may train together for years and only experience one mission in their career, says Reese, now CEO of private security firm TigerSwan. They all rely on the critical elements of surprise, speed and violence of action. At a wide-open, sprawling site like the BP-run natural gas facility in rural Algeria, even the most advanced teams would have difficulty saving the victims.
"Right now there is still an ongoing crisis. The site has not been fully secured, you still have people missing," they say. "The worst case is this continues to drag out. As the terrorists are neutralized on the site – either captured or killed by Algerian commandos – this thing drags on."
It could take up to a week to "back-clear" the entire site, they add, to ensure that all of the extremists have been found and eliminated. Meanwhile, there needs to be a complete account of all people who could have been at the site and whether any remain hostages elsewhere.
"I think the Algerians will have this thing wrapped up pretty quickly," says Reese. "We'll probably have a couple people missing still. It will probably take some time to find them.
"We'll get bounce in the news media for the next three to five days, and this will get back to the status quo. Unfortunately, this will happen again in some other place."
Algeria has largely excluded Western governments from participating in rescuing the hostages, according to media reports. This is not unusual for an ongoing situation that would require extensive international coordination.
"If you're the directorate of the [Algerian] Ministry of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense, your phones are ringing off the hook with the Americans, the British, the Irish. Their foreign ministers are being inundated," says Reese. "Unfortunately, the West can get in the way sometimes. Sometimes you have to back off and let the people sitting 'on the X' do their jobs."
The CIA and Defense Department will likely prepare their own plans for rescue missions, but must then be faced with deciding if the U.S. wants to act unilaterally, they say.
Whatever the outcome, Reese cautions what the countries involved could do next. It's easy to dedicate too much attention to the "political and PR perspective," as some claim was the case with Congressional hearings and international investigations following the Benghazi attacks last September. It will be important, as al Qaeda operatives continue to plan attacks, for countries like the U.S., U.K., and France to maintain focus, they say.
"Mali is in engagement. It's a crisis center right now. We all know al Qaeda wants to attack Western-type places. The problem is we get hung up on hard sites, like embassies," says Reese. "They're looking at softer targets. They're looking at people traveling in buses who are more open. They want to embarrass us instead of attacking a hard target where they're going to lose people."
More News:
Innova, more than any company, popularized disc golf. It was Innova that came up with the first bevel-edged disc, and decades later it developed Blizzard Technology — injecting air bubbles into plastic so discs can be lighter and hence thrown farther. By noodle arms like me.
I was at the European Overalls (seven frisbee disciplines) held in Essex, England in 1983. An American named Ron Kaufman, who has since written books that concentrate on something I'd have to call spiritual business ethics, was selling them, and basically introducing them to Europe.
Anyway, there was a big debate about whether to allow this newfangled disc at the tournament. Practically identical to today's Innova Aero but back then it was called the Eagle. It was immediately the farthest flying disc, in Europe at least, surpassing the Wham-O Moonlighters, the heavy lid-like glow discs with a number on top indicating the model which were the only discs we used previously for disc golf OR distance.
People didn't want to allow it. Then people threw it and got hooked. The argument instantly became, “Yeah, but it's unfair that Wham-O makes the only discs that are allowed in disc golf.” This was a good point.
Throwing with greater distance and accuracy was another. There simply was no going back. So duly appointed team representatives voted to allow it in disc golf but not in distance or any other event.
There was no turning back after that, and the California upstart never slowed down. It's the biggest disc golf manufacturer in the world. The four numbers we use to define the flight of discs originated at Innova.
Innova has hosted the United Stated Disc Golf Championships, one of the game's major Tournaments, every year since 1999.
I could go on and on, but suffice it so say that without Innova the game of disc golf wouldn't be nearly as far along as it is today.
It is the ultimate reward for the greatest sporting event on the planet. More than 10,000 athletes will spend nearly three weeks competing for the chance to receive at least one of 302 Olympic Gold Medals that will be presented during the London 2012 Summer Olympic Games. The event officially starts Friday but some competitions have already begun.
The “podium value” of the London gold medal is worth approximately $708, according to the World Gold Council, the market development organization of the gold industry. It is the highest value of any gold medal in the history of the modern games, primarily because of the record high prices for gold and silver.
Each gold medal is made up of 92.5 percent silver and 1.34 percent gold, with the remainder copper. The International Olympic Committee stipulates that each gold medal must have six grams of gold (as well as 92.5 percent silver).
The silver medal (which represents second place) is made up of 92.5 percent silver, with the remainder copper; and the bronze medal (for third place) is made up of 97 percent copper, 2.5 percent zinc and 0.5 percent tin.
If the London 2012 Games medals were made of solid gold, it would cost nearly $40 million to make, according to the WGC. This is why the last time pure gold medals were presented was in 1912.
The custom of awarding gold, silver and bronze medals began at the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis, Mo. These metals represent the first three Ages of Man in Greek mythology: the Golden Age, when men lived among the gods, the Silver Age, where youth lasted a hundred years, and the Bronze Age, the era of heroes.
Each medal is 85 mm in diameter and between 8-10 mm thick. The gold and silver medals weigh 412 grams (0.9 pounds) and the bronze medal weighs 357 grams (0.78 pounds). They are the biggest and heaviest summer Olympic medals ever made.
Eight tons of precious ore for all the medals were supplied by mining giant Rio Tinto and was sourced at the Kennecott Utah Copper mine near Salt Lake City, Utah, as well as from the Oyu Tolgoi project in Mongolia, according to the official London 2012 website and the WGC. For the small amount of non-precious elements used in the bronze medals, the zinc was sourced from a mine in Australia as well as from recycled stock, while the tin originates from a mine in Cornwall, England.
The metal was sent to Spain where it was turned into discs and then the medals were produced at the Royal Mint headquarters in Llantrisant, South Wales.
Each medal takes 10 hours to make, according to the WGC. A 35mm disc is placed in a furnace and heated to 750 degrees Celsius (1,382 degrees Fahrenheit) to soften the medal. The metal disc is then struck 15 times under 900 tons of pressure.
The medals were designed by British artist, David Watkins.
The circular form of the Olympic medals is a metaphor for the world. The front of the medal always depicts the same imagery at the Summer Games—the Greek Goddess of Victory, Nike, stepping out of the depiction of the Parthenon to arrive in the host city.
The design for the reverse, according to the London 2012 website, features five symbolic elements:
* The curved background implies a bowl similar to the design of an amphitheater.
* The core emblem is an architectural expression, a metaphor for the modern city.
* The grid suggests both a pulling together and a sense of outreach—an image of radiating energy that represents the athletes' efforts.
* The River Thames in the background is a symbol for London and also suggests a fluttering baroque ribbon, adding a sense of celebration.
* The square is the final balancing motif of the design, opposing the overall circularity of the design, emphasizing its focus on the center and reinforcing the sense of “place” as in a map inset.
For those in London, the medals can be seen at the British Museum throughout the Games.
Follow me on my Jewelry News Network blog, on my Jewelry News Network facebook page, and on Twitter. You also can subscribe to my posts on Facebook.
More than seven in 10 voters say Donald Trump is not a role model for children, according to a poll conducted in the days after Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire said they “absolutely” thought the mogul deserved the label, only to walk it back.
Only 17 percent of voters told the Politico/Morning Consult survey that Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee for president, is a role model, compared to 72 percent who said they aren't.
The mogul couldn't even win over their supporters, the pollsters said: Only 37 percent of them said they are a role model, while more than half — 51 percent — said they are not.
The “role model” question underscores the tightrope that vulnerable Senate Republicans are walking this cycle, as the GOP tries to defend its 54-46 majority.
The candidates are fearful of alienating independents and Republicans who chafe at Mr. Trump's more strident positions and comments, yet they can't afford to turn off the mogul's passionate supporters, either.
Ms. Ayotte, in a debate on Monday, first said that Mr. Trump “absolutely” was a role model, then tried to take it back in a statement after their showdown with Gov. Maggie Hassan, a Democrat who is virtually tied with the incumbent.
“I misspoke tonight. While I would hope all of our children would aspire to be president, neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have set a good example, and I wouldn't hold up either of them as role models for my kids,” Ms. Ayotte said.
Indeed, the new poll found that more than half of voters —54 percent — don't think Mrs. Clinton is a role model, either, compared to 35 percent who say the Democratic nominee deserves the label.
Still, the Hassan camp swiftly crafted a campaign ad that juxtaposes Ms. Ayotte's debate response with Mr. Trump's bombastic comments, from mocking Mrs. Clinton's bout with pneumonia at a 9/11 event in New York to criticizing a Miss Universe winner who gained weight after the competition.
“And that was just this week,” the ad says.
President Obama had a better showing than either nominee in the poll released Friday, though still less than half — 49 percent — said they are a role model, while 42 percent said they are not.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
At around 1:30 in the morning, after they were sure that they finally had the attention of the Senate clerk and of their nervous, exhausted colleagues who had been watching their every move, John McCain dramatically plunged their outstretched arm downwards, finally sealing the fate of Mitch McConnell's "skinny repeal" bill in a gesture that had all the drama of a WWE heel turn. It was a wild, shocking moment that drew gasps from the gallery, and the only reason it mattered at all is because, from the very beginning of this debacle of an effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, two women Republican senators—Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska—never gave a fucking inch.
This is normally where I'd say that their steadfast refusal to support the bill wasn't for lack of effort from Mitch McConnell and company, but strangely, it kind of was. McConnell handpicked a group of 13 GOP senators—you'll never believe this, but they were all men—to craft their chamber's version of Trumpcare, meeting in secret and leaving Republican colleagues and Democratic counterparts alike in suspense. It wasn't until this week, really, after Collins and Murkowski voted no on the motion to open debate on the Senate floor, that party leadership really seemed to take notice. (While McConnell had tried to sweeten the pitch for Murkowski by setting aside extra money for Alaska, Collins says that President Trump never even tried to persuade them to fall in line.) Trump tweeted their feelings and deputized a member of their cabinet to call Murkowski and threaten retaliation against their state, and some idiot in the House got so angry that they challenged Collins to a goddamn duel.
Even then, the two women were having none of it. From the New York Times' account of the president's last-minute overtures to Murkowski:
As President Trump pressed [Murkowski] and their fellow Senate Republicans last week to fall in line behind a repeal of the Affordable Care Act in the interest of party loyalty and protecting the Republican brand, they felt compelled to speak up.
“With all due respect, Mr. President,” they said, according to some of the people at the private White House lunch, “I didn't come here to represent the Republican Party. I am representing my constituents and the state of Alaska.”
I am super glad that John McCain, an 80-year-old man who is in the middle of treatment for an aggressive form of brain cancer, and who had already voted for iterations of repeal that they solemnly swore they wouldn't support, ultimately decided to change their mind. Good for him. But the press accounts describing McCain's courage in breathlessly laudatory terms—the Times already has an op-ed up praising them for having "single-handedly seized the moment and set the course of the Senate"—have less to do with the substance of their actions than they do with the fact that it was them who cast that elusive third nay vote. (Some even suspect he's the perfect guy to fall on the sword for Republicans.) Meanwhile, Murkowski and Collins were unshakeable from the beginning, quietly voting no on all three of the Majority Leader's attempts to muscle a bill through the chamber they control. All along, Democrats counted on those women to make McCain's big "moment" possible, and they did not disappoint.
It's a grim reminder of how low our standards for political courage have sunk that we are legitimately thrilled that Democrats managed to convince three whole members of the other party to... not support a proposal, written and published a few hours before the vote, which would have taken health care away from 16 million Americans. I have plenty of beefs with Collins and Murkowski on issues that are not defeating this particular harebrained attempt to take a blowtorch to this country's health care system, and I do not endorse erecting a statue to either legislator in front of the DNC headquarters anytime soon.
How to crowdfund voice over work posted on Voice123 with Kickstarter help
This is a post about this voice over job posted on Voice123.
What do you do when you have a creative project, need voice over talent, but you may not have resources to find strong investors for your creative project? Recently, we have learned that a funding platform site called Kickstarter has been used, before being posting voice over work on Voice123.
What is taking place?
A “creative” is trying to get a project off the ground, and needs funding.
He/she posts the creative project on Kickstarter, and ask for pledges to get it off the ground.
See example here.
As pledges are received, the creative director posts voice over work on Voice123 to find voice actors.
to find voice actors. There is a bit of a race against the clock for the creative director. ” This project will only be funded if at least $35,000 is pledged by Tuesday May 22, 7:36am EDT. “
Is this a case of, “Build it and hope they come”? No, and here is where the process gets very creative…
No one “gives money”. There always has to be a reason we spend money on something.
Those who pledge the most funds, now have the right to vote on who will be the chosen voice over. Why?
Psychology of money…”If we pay, we want a say!”. As the project states… “You, our backers, get to pick their voice.”
The “funders” now decide who the voice will be, or depending on how much is pledged, may have more creative control.
Does this sound familiar? “I will help you if you give me an executive producer credit” 😀
What does this mean for the voice talent?
You are first auditioning to support a creative project, and pay is uncertain at the start.
You can, if you want, assist in the funding support for the very project for which you auditioned or were hired.
You build experience, a reel, and network.
Here is a Facebook page started after another Kickstarter project was posted on Voice123 called “Necrofusion”.
What does this mean for the voice seeker?
I think there is a common thread to a voice seeker needing funds to start a project. You build a reel, experience, and network, BUT you are also starting a business venture.
Is there a difference? We can all identify with the situation as creatives.
This story is not over! More to come…Later in the week, I will share the voice seeker's feedback about using Voice123, and the voice talent who auditioned. (All good stuff and helpful)
Would you audition for the job mentioned in this post? Why or why not?
SHARE
By ,
EDITOR'S NOTE: The New York Times recently caught up with Iraq War veteran Eric Pizer of Madison, who has failed in their attempt to get Gov. Scott Walker to pardon them for punching a man in the face in 2004.
Boscobel — Aware of the awkwardness, the two men arranged to meet in the evening quiet of the local community center. Their only previous encounter, a decade ago, had ended with a thrown punch and a broken nose.
Both dressed as if for a Sunday service, in button-down shirts. The larger man, a piano mover by trade, sat on the floral-patterned couch, their tight haircut correctly suggesting ex-military. The thinner man, owner of a floor-covering business, sat in an easy chair, their nose slightly bent to the right.
The punch they shared had come out of who knows where, maybe Iraq, to still a long-ago liquid night. But its impact was still being felt by the former Marine, who threw the right jab just days after returning from a second deployment; the victim, who has not breathed the same since; and the governor, who chooses never to exercise an executive power of ancient provenance.
To show mercy.
The ex-Marine, Eric Pizer, seeks a pardon because they ache with remorse, and because their one-punch felony conviction means that they cannot possess or own a gun, disqualifying them from their desired career in law enforcement. They have only one smudge on their record.
"This one night," they said. "This one time."
On this one night, back in 2004, Pizer and two buddies headed in their mother's Chevy for the small city of Boscobel, birthplace of the Gideon Bible. Their sole intention: to change the subject from war to fun.
Pizer was two days back from Iraq. A straight-up Marine, they had committed to the Corps even before their high school graduation in 2000, and was at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina a year later when an officer interrupted a class on sexually transmitted diseases to share the latest from Lower Manhattan.
We got bombed, boys, the officer announced. We're going to war.
Pizer spent half of 2003 in Kuwait and Iraq, fueling tanks and trucks in a tense environment. They returned for seven more months in 2004, this time as a corporal who felt so responsible for the "newbies" on their team that they extended their tour by two months.
Now they were cutting the September cool of a southwestern Wisconsin night, bound for Boscobel to hang out with a buddy's cousin and two other women they had never met before.
The men and women drank and played cards in the cousin's garage, then headed to Snick's Fin 'n Feather to shoot some pool and drink some more. When they returned to the garage, two local men, one of them named Steven Frazier, stepped in to disrupt the free-and-easy night.
Frazier believed that an out-of-towner — not Pizer — had gotten a little too familiar with one of the women: their wife. There soon followed beer-fueled shoves and shouts about straying hands and absent wedding rings.
Pizer, 6-foot-2 and 210 pounds, and Frazier, 5-foot-10 and 140 pounds, both claim to have been trying to keep the peace. But Pizer says that they heard Frazier threaten to kill one of their buddies, saw movement and reacted with their right hand.
"I just popped them once," they said.
That pop pushed Frazier's nose nearly two inches to the right. They went to the hospital, while Pizer went to a bar nearly 30 miles away, where, they say, they all but held out their hands to be cuffed when the police found him.
Pizer finished the last three months of their Marine hitch in North Carolina, then returned to learn the sobering news that their status as a first-time offender, just back from war, was not enough to convince the prosecutor, Anthony J. Pozorski Sr., to reduce the felony battery charge to a misdemeanor.
Back then, Pizer did not fully understand the consequences of having a felony on their record. "I had never been in trouble before," they said. "I wasn't quite prepared."
The ex-Marine worked as a construction laborer before getting hired to lug Steinways and Schimmels upstairs and around corners. They completed probation and paid off the $7,165.59 in restitution. They met a woman with a child, married, fathered a son and received joint custody in the divorce.
All the while, they remained a felon.
Several years ago, Pizer contacted the prosecutor, Pozorski, to discuss the possibility of reducing their conviction to a misdemeanor. At the time, they were mulling whether to re-enlist or perhaps seek a job as a corrections officer. But nothing changed.
"I was willing to look for a way to try to help Mr. Pizer," Pozorski wrote in an email last week. "But since Mr. Pizer was not re-enlisting, they had no need to carry a gun. Since they had no need to carry a gun, I did not need to expend the state's resources on trying to find a way around the law."
Pizer pushed on. Taking classes part time, they earned an associate's degree in criminal justice. They also found allies in two Madison lawyers, David R. Relles and John R. Zweig, who agreed to help them seek a pardon.
One problem: The governor of Wisconsin is Scott Walker, a possible Republican contender for president who, since taking office in 2011, has declined to exercise their power of pardon, which the Wisconsin Constitution describes as "an official act of forgiveness."
With the Pizer case emerging as a cause célébre in Wisconsin, the governor has defended their no-pardon policy, saying that they see no reason to "undermine" the criminal justice system — no matter that pardons were frequently granted by at least the last five governors before him.
In December, Walker told a reporter from WKOW-TV in Madison that there were thousands of convicted felons "who probably have a compelling case to be made that we don't know about."
In pardon-free Wisconsin, though, "compelling" cases go unheard. The state's Pardon Advisory Board remains "inactive," according to the governor's press secretary.
Relles, a former prosecutor, and Zweig, a former prosecutor and Vietnam-era veteran, say Pizer has suffered from bad luck and poor timing. The initial case should have been tried as a misdemeanor and, if it had occurred today, would most likely have been diverted to a veterans' treatment court. Lastly, Pizer's governor does not believe in pardons.
"For some reason, forgiveness is not in vogue," Relles said.
Two years ago, Relles reached out to Frazier on behalf of Pizer, but the victim did not follow up. "I wasn't quite ready," Frazier recalled.
"Broken nose" is almost too flip a term for the damage done. Frazier says that their nose had to be broken and reset twice, but it remains a bit crooked, aches in the cold and feels constantly congested.
"Migraines pretty much daily," they said.
More time passed. Then, a few months ago, an organization called Ridge and Valley Restorative Justice asked Frazier whether they would meet with the man who broke their nose. After a month of "sorting it out," they say, they agreed to meet one February evening.
Now, in Boscobel's community center, next to the Art Deco movie theater, two nervous men in their early 30s talked at length about one night from their early 20s, while two representatives from Restorative Justice mediated.
Pizer explained that Iraq had probably wound them up. They said that they liked to make people laugh, and usually avoided fights at all cost — except on this one night. Frazier said that, well, this one night had affected their looks, their breathing and even their children.
"I don't think I said sorry more times in my entire life," Pizer said. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It was never my intention to get into a fight that night. I never meant to."
They talked some more. Then Pizer asked for forgiveness.
About 85 miles to the east, in the Capitol in Madison, the power of forgiveness goes untapped. But here in Boscobel, Frazier studied the penitent ex-Marine before him, and then said it:
"I forgive you."
Pizer felt a release, and stuck out their right hand. It was received in a good, firm grip.
SHEILA PHIPPS/DAVID LOHR McKinley "Mac" Phipps is serving a 30-year prison sentence for a crime they claim they did not commit.
ST. TAMMANY PARISH, La. -- Nathaniel Tillison told a jury they looked 1990s rap star McKinley "Mac" Phipps "dead in their eyes" and watched them pull the trigger, killing a man at a concert in 2000.
Based partly on Tillison's eyewitness testimony, Phipps was convicted of manslaughter and is serving a 30-year sentence.
But jurors at Phipps' 2001 trial didn't get the full story. They never heard the testimony of Jerry Price, who says Tillison was outside Club Mercedes in Slidell, where the concert took place, and couldn't have seen the shooting.
Attorney Buddy Spell, who now represents Phipps, said prosecutors didn't tell Phipps' defense lawyers about Price, though it was their legal obligation to do so. That failure, Spell said, casts doubt over the entire case.
After unsuccessfully trying to persuade St. Tammany Parish District Attorney Warren Montgomery for months that Phipps was wrongly convicted, Spell said they will file legal motions for post-conviction relief, including a new trial.
Spell notified the DA's office six months ago that evidence was wrongly withheld from Phipps' trial lawyers. Montgomery said Price's story was subsequently "investigated and found without merit."
Price, however, swore they haven't spoken to police or the DA's office since the original investigation more than 15 years ago.
"No assistant district attorney, investigator or other representative of the office of District Attorney Warren Montgomery has visited or contacted" me, Price said in a sworn affidavit.
Spell's firm took over Phipps' defense after a 2015 HuffPost report revealed that prosecution witnesses had stepped forward to say they had been bullied into giving false testimony. Among those quoted in HuffPost's article was Price.
Price didn't testify at Phipps' trial, Spell said, and their name does not appear in case documents that prosecutors handed over to defense attorneys.
Price was no stranger to police and prosecutors. Soon after the club shooting, they were arrested on an unrelated probation violation.
Price's story of what happened the night of the killing contradicts the prosecution narrative. They said that in the commotion that followed the gunshot, they saw Tillison run into the club and yell, "What happened to my cousin?"
Tillison, Price and the victim, Barron Victor Jr., are all related.
Price said they were charged with obstruction of justice because they didn't succumb to prosecutors' pressure to finger Phipps as the shooter.
It's unclear if Price's story had swayed the jury. Nevertheless, prosecutors are obligated to share exculpatory evidence -- anything suggesting innocence -- with defense lawyers prior to trial.
McKinley Phipps Former No Limit recording artists Mac, Snoop, Kane & Abel and C-Murder in Switzerland, in 1998.
Montgomery, who ran for election in 2014 on a platform of reform, told HuffPost in an email on March 11 that they had reviewed Phipps' case and that there was "nothing new for me to look into."
Phipps' legal team, including Spell, their partners Annie Spell and Tara Zeller, and associate Jonathan Fleming, said they told the DA's office in August about Price's statement. They said they were shocked by Montgomery's comments rejecting the evidence.
"I hand-delivered it," Buddy Spell told HuffPost. They said the documents are dated Aug. 21, 2015, and were delivered that day.
"I put it in [Assistant District Attorney] Collin Sims' hands while Warren Montgomery was in the office with us. Warren Montgomery also met that day with Annie and Tara and me in Collin's office, and we later continued discussions about the evidence with the district attorney's office."
Montgomery only acknowledged the existence of the documents after the defense attorneys provided them to The Huffington Post.
Phipps was a 22-year-old rising star at the time of the shooting. He'd been signed to Master P's No Limit Records, along with Snoop Dogg and Mystikal, and had recently released the CD "World War III," featuring cuts such as "Assassin Nation," "Genocide" and "War Party."
Their growing fame apparently made them an attractive target to prosecutors, who would later quote from their lyrics, twisting and altering the words for the all-white jury.
One of the two eyewitnesses to testify against Phipps, Yulon James, told HuffPost last year that prosecutors threatened them with jail time if they didn't give false testimony at trial.
"They stalked my house, they stalked my job and they stalked my family," said James. "The DA came over to my parents' house and told me I would have my baby in prison if I didn't testify."
James, a nursing student at the time of the shooting, said they really "didn't see anything" at the shooting scene, though they identified Phipps as the killer during their trial.
Slidell Sentry-News The obituary for Baron Victor Jr.
Price's version of the shooting appears consistent with the story of a woman who then worked as a barmaid at Club Mercedes. Joselyn Baptiste. Baptiste, who didn't testify at Phipps' trial, told HuffPost in 2015 that they heard gunshots and ducked.
"I stayed down and when I looked up, I saw a guy laying on the floor near the end of the bar," Baptiste said. "The guy on the floor had got shot. There was a man and a woman with him, but who they were I don't know.
"Then a person come in who was yelling, was throwing chairs. They were cussing because their cousin was on the floor."
In the days after the shooting, while behind bars on a parole violation, Price said St. Tammany Sheriff's detectives tried to force them to sign a pre-typed affidavit implicating Phipps.
The detectives "came to the jail and tried to get me to sign an affidavit that was typed up," Price said in their first affidavit. "I remember the affidavit saying something like, 'I Jerry Price witnessed a murder by Mac.' I told the detectives that I was not signing that typed-up affidavit."
Sheila Phipps Mac pictured with their son, who was born after their arrest, and they have never met outside prison walls.
Price said the same detectives returned two days later and again pressed them to say they saw Phipps shoot their cousin.
"I told the detectives I wasn't doing it," Price said in the statement. "That was when the detectives told me that I was being charged with obstruction to first-degree murder."
Court documents show the obstruction charge was filed against Price in March 2000. The charge was refused by the district attorney's office after Price filed a motion for a speedy trial, effectively calling the prosecution's bluff.
Price said the detectives continued to interrogate and harass them and brought them to the courthouse during several of Phipps' hearings. During one of those interrogations, they recalled, the district attorney who was prosecuting Phipps joined the detectives.
"I told the detectives that if they put me on the stand in court that I would tell the truth," Price said in a statement. "The district attorney asked me what the truth was. I told the district attorney that I didn't see Mac shoot anyone and neither did Nate."
Spell Spell & Spell partners Tara Farris Zeller, Annie Spell and Buddy Spell.
Phipps' lawyers said the evidence they've collected in recent months should be more than enough to prove what the musician has been saying for 15 years -- that he's innocent and was the victim of a runaway prosecution.
Montgomery hasn't responded to HuffPost's requests for elaboration on their office's investigation of the new evidence.
Spell said he's clueless as to how the district attorney's office could discount Price's statement without interviewing him.
"It occurs to me that any viable investigation into newly disclosed facts would necessarily involve interviewing the individual responsible for the disclosure," Spell said.
Spell said the DA's inaction forces them to pursue appeals that will argue that Phipps, who has served 16 years of their 30-year sentence, should be freed or given a new trial because of the prosecution's legal bungling.
"We will now commit, without hesitation, to aggressively launch a campaign to seek full and final redemption for McKinley Phipps through post-conviction relief," Spell said.
focus Web typography type of camp Educational symposium group size 150 price Sold out! specific dates February 1, 2014 location Emily Carr University of Art & Design Auditorium
Granville Island, Vancouver This camp is now over, though head on over to our blog and read all about it.
Highlights
discover a new approach to selecting web fonts understand the structure of digital typographic layouts apply modern uses of traditional typography recognize the different attributes of web typography comprehend the science of seeing pixelized letterforms utilize typography in your design and development differentiate between what to keep and what to omit improve the online reading experience for your devices
Details
THIS EVENT IS SOLD OUT! (Register early next time . . . )
This event is directed towards designers and developers working in the web industry and will cover many different aspects of web typography: how to use it, how to choose it, and how it works.
Stephen Coles : how to select the right web font for your project
André Mora : the influence and the importance of line heights
Zara Evens : graphic design and typography for the UI designer
Kevin Larson : legibility research for online reading with Sitka
Marty Hall : creating a premium reading experience in IE 11
Brian Warren : typography for the design/development process
Luke Dorny : web fonts in use
Grant Hutchinson : typographic tips for accessible web content
Xerxes Irani : translating type from machine back to object
John Hudson : size-specific fonts for online advertising
We sincerely thank our colleagues for their support and sponsorship:
Webtype
Hoefler & Frere-Jones
FontShop
Fairgoods
Typekit
Butter Label
Alcuin Society
Platform Design
GDC BC Mainland
Apple is reportedly in talks to move its original video content division to Culver Studios, a place with a long history in the Hollywood film industry.
Although the location has 13 soundstages suitaible for both TV and feature films, Apple is primarily looking for office space, sources informed the Financial Times. The studio counts people like Howard Hughes and Cecil B. DeMille as former owners, and is also the home of the famous mansion from "Gone With the Wind."Apple is allegedly planning to spend beyond a previously-reported $1 billion budget on original video, and the two former Sony Pictures Television executives in charge —Jamie Erlicht and Zack Van Amburg —are said to be tasked with securing "around a dozen" original TV shows. The company was previously thought to be aiming at 10.One show Apple is reportedly bidding on is a drama themed around a morning talk show, starring Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon. Other bidders include companies like Netflix however, which could mean the show won't appear on Apple's slate.The iPhone maker is reportedly taking its original video efforts more seriously now than even a year ago, when it was laying the groundwork for Apple Music shows like "Planet of the Apps" and "Carpool Karaoke" —both of which have failed to catch on with the wider public, despite numerous celebrities being used as magnets."They woke up and said, 'Let's really do this'," one Hollywood agent told the Times. "It's a lot different to a year or two ago."Even exceeding $1 billion may make Apple a relatively minor player in TV, since that's about half what HBO spent in 2016, and well below the $6 billion Netflix is spending this year. Apple will presumably ramp up its budget if it can establish one or more hits.It's unclear how the company will air future TV shows. While it could continue restricting them to Apple Music, that might hamper their audience, since many people will likely want to watch on an HDTV but not have access to an Apple TV. There's no way of watching Apple Music video on devices such as a Roku or Chromecast.
GLASGOW City Council leader Gordon Matheson was last night facing a backlash from Labour MSPs furious at their attempt to become deputy leader of the party in Scotland.
The council leader's bid to be elected to the role got off to a poor start yesterday when Glasgow Labour MSPs Hanzala Malik and Anne McTaggart both nominated their rival Cowdenbeath MSP Alex Rowley.
In an interview with The National, Malik accused Matheson of not having “thought about the issue clearly” and that they should remain in the council where they were doing a “good job”.
New party rules drawn up by Labour's former leader in Scotland Jim Murphy mean councillors can stand as a deputy without being MSPs, but Matheson said they would seek election to the Scottish Parliament next year.
Malik said: “Gordon is a fine leader of the council with a good track record and was very good as education convener. They have their strengths but they are better placed in the council than perhaps in the parliament. If they were seriously interested in coming to the Scottish Parliament they should have shown that interest [in standing in a consistency] and they clearly haven't. Perhaps they haven't thought it out as clearly as many of us think they should have. I am an old friend and at least they should have the courtesy of speaking to me about it and weighed their options and discussed it.”
They added: “I think they are a fine leader and should stay in the council where they are doing good work.”
Another Labour MSP, who did not want to be named, said: “If it's felt it's important for the deputy leader to be a councillor and to have the contacts and links with other councillors, why then should that person come to the parliament as an MSP?”
Labour MSPs look set to nominate either Rowley or fellow MSP Richard Baker for the post, leaving Matheson battling to get the nominations from 60 councillors.
Rowley, the former leader of Fife Council and previously a general secretary of Scottish Labour, had last night secured the support of the seven MSPs they needed to go forward in the contest.
Figures on the left of the party were among those who nominated him, including Neil Findlay, Elaine Smith and Malcolm Chisholm. Setting out their intention to stand on Monday, Matheson underlined how they were elected unopposed as council leader until May 2016 and said by then Labour would have delivered on all the 2012 manifesto pledges.
As deputy Scottish Labour leader they would automatically go to the top of the Glasgow list and they have no current plans to seek to contest one of the eight Glasgow constituencies.
Malik was top of Glasgow's regional list at the 2011 Holyrood election and is keen to stay in the slot to ensure their re-election.
However, if Matheson becomes deputy leader they would automatically get top ranking under the new rules and Malik would move to a lower ranking and may not get re-elected.
The regional list is seen as vital at next year's election for Labour, as polling suggests that its eight constituency seats in the parliament will be lost. The party's best hope remains with getting a reasonable number of seats through the list proportional representation part of the electoral system.
Matheson was said to be facing a challenge from Inverclyde Council leader Stephen McCabe, a member of the party's Scottish Executive Committee and the deputy leader of umbrella organisation Cosla's Labour group.
But McCabe told The National they had decided not to stand, in part because of family commitments.
“I have been approached by a number of people to put my name forward for deputy leader but after careful consideration I have decided against it. My primary reason is my family commitments,” they said.
“I also have an important job to do as the leader of Inverclyde Council for the next two years and I want to ensure that I remain focused on that.”
They added: “I would like to see at least one candidate from local government stand for the position as I believe we need a real debate over the future of the local government and the relationship between local government and the Scottish Government. I also think it sends out an important signal that the party values local government and that local councillors have a crucial part to play in the future of the party.”
A spokesperson for Matheson said: “Clearly there's been a very short timetable between the announcement about the change of the rules and the opening of nominations. Therefore the opportunity to speak to all people, who in an ideal world Gordon would have liked to speak to, was restricted.
“Gordon had to make sure the campaign was up and running in order to get the requisite number of nominations by midday on Friday. They have thought about things clearly.”
The spokesperson also said the new party rules suggested that the deputy leader should have a seat in Holyrood in order to be able to fully deputise for the leader in theirs or them absence.
Asked whether Matheson was confident of getting the support of six MSPs, the spokesperson added: “Clearly standing from their position as a councillor it makes more sense for them to seek nominations from 60 councillors and we are confident we will get at least 60 if not many more.
“If any MSPs wish to support them I'm sure that would be welcomed.”
Our country's oldest ethnicity receives a new form of power.
The oldest ethnic group in the United States is also the least connected.
In the Navajo Nation — the country's largest Indian Reservation that sprawls across parts of Arizona, New Mexico and Utah — about 38 percent of homes are off the electric grid. Eagle Energy, a nonprofit dedicated to empowering disenfranchised people in this community, is trying to change that by installing or distributing solar-powered light kits across the reservation.
Eagle Energy is an offshoot of Elephant Energy, which operates in Namibia, Africa, distributing solar energy systems. In 2010, the founder of Elephant Energy, Doug Vilsack, took a trip to the Navajo Nation and discovered that many of the same energy issues present in Africa exists at home here in America. By partnering with local activists and Navajo chapters, Eagle Energy was born. The nonprofit's staff, including its director of operations, Adrian Manygoats, is largely sourced from the local Navajo population.
To ensure that the Nation's elderly demographic is well-served, guides who are fluent in Navajo are often used. This also makes it possible to find many of the community's off-the-grid citizens, as only a long-time local would know where some of them live deep in the backcountry.
“One of the most shocking things about the Navajo Nation,” says Julia Alvarez, executive director of Eagle Energy, “is the extreme poverty despite the fact that it is right here in the south-central United States.”
Nearly half of the Navajo Nation lives below the federal poverty line. Years of mistreatment by the U.S. government, forced (and ineffective) integration and post-war uranium mining that lasted till the late 1980s marginalized and deteriorated the health of the population.
Today, those who live off the grid often rely on kerosene lanterns for indoor light. The cost of kerosene consumes a large portion of household budgets, while the smoke — released directly into the indoor environment — contributes to a high incidence of respiratory problems, which are exacerbated by the extreme temperature shifts between day and night in the desert climate (as evening descends, homes are shuttered against the cold, preventing ventilation).
Eagle Energy, partnering with other nonprofits, hopes to reach all of the estimated 18,000 un-electrified homes in the Navajo Nation, with its eventual goal of making these residences energy independent. It's an ambitious mission, but every installation brings this extremely motivated group one step closer.
“We're still a great people,” says Manygoats. “We're still here. And I think that matters.”
This is an re-creation of the last stage in the Mortal Kombat 2 game.
I always thought it would be really interesting to see a remake of the two first Mk games done in a higher quality, but still using digitized actors just like in the old games. I think that real life photos gave the characters and the game a unique look and feel that has not been matched today with the games in 3d.
Since I can only hope for that to happen, I did my own drawing to illustrate my idea. I used images from the creation ( behind the scenes ) of MK2 to make the basic set up of the two characters and after that I recreated all the elements of the scenery with newer textures and new resolution...basically re-doing everything from scratch with a more epic feel. Also there are new details in the characters clothing and body to make them look more modern and complex.
