People back home and at college would probably describe me as a friendly, outgoing - and, OK, sassy - person. I always appeared full of fun and smiles on the outside, but on the inside I felt uncomfortable, confused and depressed. I always knew that I was gay from when I was 13, but I kept it buried deep inside, wrapped in fear that it would be seen as a punishment from God.
I'm not a religious person at all, but I've always let "rules" govern my life. The church told me I'd go to hell if I "decided" to become gay, so I "decided" not to. It was misery. Sometimes I would pray to God that I would become straight. I'd cry myself to sleep.
I thought sometimes, "Why me? I am a good person; Why is this the path that I have to face?"
I remember one time even punching myself in the stomach on a rainy April night because I was so ashamed of myself. It really hurt, and I can remember it clearly. The rain poetically reflected how I felt, because I remember tears rushing down my face after I was done punishing my body. It was sad and painful that I had done this to myself, but I did not know what I could do to make myself feel happier on the inside.
When I did come out to some close friends, they all accepted me. Despite that, I started to do poorly in school and track. My times slipped and I did badly on some of my finals. That June I took the SATs and my score was not even close to what I wanted to be. I thought this was all because God was punishing me; I had made a decision that was against Their will, and they were making me suffer for it.
I decided I couldn't live this "lifestyle" anymore. I had to focus more on running, school, and other activities. "I don't want my life ruined by this decision," I thought. I told my high school friends that it was only a phase that I was going through, and that I really liked girls after all.
Running track and cross-country was a wonderful distraction. Whenever I ran, it was like I was in my own little world. I felt the "runners high." It gave me a boost of adrenalin. Running was like a medicine that distracted me from thinking about being gay. I ran hard and was recruited athletically - and academically - by Moravian College, a small school in Eastern Pennsylvania of about 1,600 students.
Before I got to Moravian, I was excited. I'd heard that college was the best four years of your life. When I got there, it was more pain than parties. As a first-semester first-year student, I was not as busy with school because I only had four classes and cross-country practice in the afternoon. My mind drifted, and I started to question again if I was gay. I pretended to fall in love with a girl on the cross-country team as cover. I felt so awkward.
I was in a lose-lose situation. I was so tense and afraid. My schoolwork suffered and I was running poorly my first-year student year. For the first time, running was not distracting me. I'd think about being gay while I ran and worked out with my teammates. I felt like I was using running to get rid of my problems, rather than celebrating it as something that was a part of my identity and that I loved.
Coming out was like ripping off a Band-Aid. When I finally came out to my teammates, they were all accepting. They even said they already had a hunch I was gay. They all told me that they didn't care whom I liked and just wanted me to be happy. My coach was happy I told the team. It quickly became easier and easier to come out to friends. One of my teammates told me that I should embrace my gayness, and not be ashamed for who I am. As the months went on, I became more confident in my identity.
My teammates did continue to say impulsive things like, "That's so gay", or "he's a faggot." The difference now: They were catching themselves and apologizing. They didn't mean to hurt me.
My friends quickly came to like the "gay Max" better than the "straight Max." That made me laugh.
When my dad and step-mom, who were both super supportive, asked me why I didn't come out sooner, I told them I was scared that God would disapprove of me. My step-mom, who is a devout Catholic, told me that God loves all their children, they made me this way, and I should embrace myself for who I am. They said not to judge something from a book that was written so long ago, since society has changed so much. As long as I'm a good person and follow the Golden Rule, God would approve.
Shortly after coming out first-year student year, I pledged my fraternity, Delta Tau Delta. At first I was scared, because fraternity guys sometimes can be classified as, well, slobs and pig heads. When I told them that I was gay, they were all so accepting of it, and I eventually found out that there were a few gay guys in the chapter. It made me realize that I was not alone, and they related to some of the issues I had gone through. It made me feel better that I was able to find other people who had gone through my situation, considering that the gay population is very small at Moravian.
Today, some of my fraternity brothers are my closest friends, and I could have not asked for a better group of brothers to be on my side. I'm glad that my teammates and fraternity brothers are so supportive. Coming out of the closet made me realize that I was about to start the best four years of my life at Moravian.
Life is like one huge race. I have gone through injuries, bad shoes, shin splints, you name it, but I have persevered through them. Like a hard-fought race, discovering that I was gay was a struggle. If I did not have the resilience and perseverance that I had obtained from running, along with the support of my teammates and brothers, I do not think I would have come out as easily.
It's not where you start in the race, but where you finish.
You can reach Max Korten on Twitter @MaxMoco16.
I was wondering, how Derpy would look with Rarity's mane, but sadly I couldn't find a picture. So I decided to make one myself. Spike seems to like it^^.I vectored Derpy and their hair myself, it's the first time I ever vectored so that's why it's a bit sloppy, especially in their face. Sorry, nobody ever told me how it works, so I might do it wrongAnd since it's the first time I would be very thankful for some advices how to do it better next time.The background are some slightly changed screen shot from the show, I believe it was episode 24. Spike is made by , thanks a lot________________________________________________Edit: Some seemed to be a little upset with a random black bar I put somewhere in the picture, so I censored it with Sweetie Belle and Scootaloo Thanks to forand for
Apr 10, 2015; Denver, CO, USA; Denver Nuggets forward Danilo Gallinari (8) shoots the ball during the second half against the Dallas Mavericks at Pepsi Center. The Mavericks won 144-143 in double overtime. Mandatory Credit: Chris Humphreys-USA TODAY Sports
Ever since the 2013 NBA Playoffs began, it hasn't been easy being a Denver Nuggets fan. That George Karl-led squad won 57 games, locked up the third seed in the conference and seemed like a dark horse to represent the West in the NBA Finals. But then Stephen Curry‘s third quarters happened, the Nuggets lost in six, Karl was fired and those Nuggets quickly depreciated to fool's gold.
It didn't get any better from there. New head coach Brian Shaw was a disaster in their time at the mast of a sinking ship, canceling shoot-arounds because their players like to party, reading millennial books to try and relate to their players and failing to coax any sort of effort out of their players on the defensive end. When they were finally fired a few months ago, they left with a 56-85 record.
ALSO ON HOOPSHABIT: The NBA's 50 Greatest Players of All-Time
But Shaw hasn't even been the worst of it compared to the dumpster fire of a roster, highlighted by the currently flaming-out Ty Lawson — a player the Nuggets need to trade immediately — and their problems with drinking and driving. Lawson has been arrested with two DUIs in 2015 and checked themselves into rehab for the next 30 days.
Drafting Emmanuel Mudiay gives hope for the future, but after a dismal season in 2014-15 and another one likely on the way in 2015-16, it's hard to feel optimistic about the Nuggets these days.
That's precisely why re-signing Danilo Gallinari is such a great idea.
According to Christopher Dempsey of the Denver Post, the Nuggets want to reach an extension with Gallo after doing the same with Wilson Chandler. Gallinari only has one year and $11.5 million left on their contract and will become an unrestricted free agent next summer, so Denver wants to make sure he's a part of their franchise for the long haul. Even in the middle of their rebuilding process.
To be honest, Gallo's ACL tear may have been the start of the Nuggets' spiraling descent into depression that began late in the 2012-13 season. Without Gallinari, who averaged a career-best 16.2 points per game that season, Denver fell well short of their playoff aspirations. Over the next 19 months, their struggle with recovering from that injury mirrored the Nuggets' struggles on the court.
Last year, Gallo received pretty inconsistent minutes in Brian Shaw's nonsensical rotations, averaging 12.4 points and 3.7 rebounds per game while shooting 40.1 percent from the field and 35.5 percent from three-point range.
But they found their stride as the year progressed (and, most notably, after Melvin Hunt took over and started giving them consistent minutes again), and their comeback quickly became the best part of Denver's largely forgettable season. This play basically encapsulated what it was like watching Gallinari — not the Nuggets, mind you, but Gallinari — after the All-Star break:
They averaged 17.8 points and 4.8 rebounds per game in March and those numbers jumped even higher to 22.3 points and 5.5 rebounds per game in April (on a superb 52.3 percent shooting from the field and 46.3 percent shooting from downtown). They broke their career-high in scoring twice, dropping 40 points in March before upping it to 47 in April.
After the All-Star break, Gallo put up 18.6 points (team best) and 4.8 boards per game while shooting 44.3 percent from the floor and 40.4 percent from three-point range (another team best). When he's healthy, Gallinari has proven he's still one of the best players on the Nuggets' roster in addition to being a perennial fan favorite.
.@dempseypost reports #Nuggets want to open extension talks w/Gallo. Connelly told me last month on-air they want Gallo around long-term. — Raj Sharan (@Raj_Sharan) July 16, 2015
At 26 years old, Gallinari's strong finish to the 2014-15 season indicates that they still have room to improve — or at the very least, that he's still good enough to be a contributor on a team that needs something to feel good about these days.
Their ability to exploit mismatches as a stretch-4, to defend on the wing, to knock down three-pointers and to strut confidently down the court like a rooster (which is where their Italian “Gallo” nickname stems from) after hitting a big shot cannot be understated right now.
Locking in a two-way wing like Wilson Chandler was a good move, but extending Gallinari would easily be the feel-good move of the summer for a franchise that only has Emmanuel Mudiay and Jusuf Nurkic to be optimistic about right now.
Australia has a unique opportunity to change the way we generate electricity. Chemist Dr Oscar Archer argues we should set up an international nuclear waste repository to be used as a source of fuel for next-generation nuclear technology.
Energy: I'm a big fan of it. I was taught not to waste it and to save it where possible.
Don't waste electricity, don't waste petrol—it seems obvious.
Here's a simple experiment for you. Go through your house and turn every light on. Turn on the TVs, the oven, the kettle. Set a jug of water in the microwave on high. Load the toaster and make an espresso. Crank up the air conditioning and the radio. Put your phone and tablet on to charge. Go into the laundry and put a quarter load on hot, and also switch the dryer on. Get in your car and just go for a drive.
The transition to PRISM worldwide would take place on the back of Australia's pioneering embrace of the technology. Eventually, Australia would export starter bundles of metal fuel from our own PRISM fleet while continuing to derive revenue from the multi-national repository and uranium exports.
You might not feel very comfortable doing all this. After all, it's obviously an expensive waste of power.
All those extra kilowatt hours also represent carbon going into the atmosphere, which the best science tells us is going to have a big cumulative effect. It will impact the way we live in the long- to medium-term, and maybe even in the short-term.
Does all that make using power something we should actually avoid? Apart from the somewhat higher power bill, that it would make more sense to avoid emitting that carbon. Then we could use all the power we were comfortable paying for. After all, we can't avoid using some power every day, and businesses and factories have to have access to reliable, affordable power or they can't do what they're set up to.
Imagine if when you drove your car, the engine only transformed one percent of the chemical energy from the petrol into power and the remainder was blown out with the exhaust. That'd be crazy, right? We'd want to catch all that waste and recycle it for the remaining energy.
That's more or less what nuclear power is like today, which brings me to my main point: Australia needs a new, clean, economical form of power. More than that, with the challenges of greenhouse gas emissions, petroleum dependence and the necessity to reduce our use of coal—the single most polluting fuel—we need a revolutionary way of creating energy.
That way is IFS+IFR: Intermediate Fuel Storage and Integral Fast Reactor, namely the commercially offered PRISM breeder reactor from General Electric Hitachi.
The PRISM plan
The concept was brought to my attention by my friend Ben Heard, and it would work like this: Australia establishes the world's first multinational repository for used fuel—what's often called nuclear waste. We would do only with an ironclad guarantee our international partners would help us to develop a fleet of integral fast reactors, which would allow us to recycle the used nuclear fuel for another 99 times more zero-carbon energy.
The commitment to PRISM development would negate the need for geological repository on a science fiction timescale. The 30-year half-life of the eventual waste products would allow for far simpler storage solutions on an intermediate time scale. Unblocking the back end of the nuclear fuel cycle for our international partners and customers would boost our uranium exports as nuclear power would pull share from coal in global energy growth.
Each PRISM ‘power block' set of twin reactors would add 622 megawatts of saleable zero-carbon generation to Australia, which would further improve our revenue position and drive down our domestic energy footprint.
At maturity, Australia would be running on PRISM reactors fuelled by the used fuel we would be receiving, while the world would run on a much larger number of Generation III+ reactors, which we would supply with uranium under a fuel leasing model. The transition to PRISM worldwide would take place on the back of Australia's pioneering embrace of the technology. Eventually, Australia would export starter bundles of metal fuel from our own PRISM fleet while continuing to derive revenue from the multi-national repository and uranium exports.
All those lights and appliances would no longer be wasting power, but would be contributing to solving global nuclear waste.
Is PRISM safe?
In the context of not just energy production but industrial activity in general, conventional nuclear power is relatively safe and mature. PRISM offers further safety advantages thanks to its liquid sodium metal coolant and metal fuel, which permit the reactor to remove decay heat passively and operate at atmospheric pressure.
EBR-II, the forerunner to PRISM at Argonne National Labs in Idaho, ran for 30 years, during which time entirely passive shutdown due to coolant pump deactivation was thoroughly demonstrated. Heat removal failure was the principle cause of the accidents at the Three Mile Island and Fukushima Daiichi conventional plants, and it is solved in the PRISM design.
In similar scenarios tested with the EBR-II reactor, the sodium coolant and the metallic nature of the nuclear fuel led to thermal expansion, heat removal by natural convection and shutdown of fission in a mere five minutes. Sodium metal is an ideal choice as a coolant as it does not corrode steel or reactor fuel. A number of liquid metal-cooled fast reactors are in operation around the world today, according to the World Nuclear Association, and they have clocked up some four 400 reactor years of operational experience.
What about all the nuclear radiation?
It must be stressed that PRISM's liquid metal-cooled design works at atmospheric pressure; the danger of explosive release of radionuclides or irradiated coolant is negligible. PRISM consumes the remaining uranium, plutonium and other elements in nuclear waste and decommissioned weapons material which are responsible for long-lived radioactivity. The eventual leftovers are just fission products, and their radioactivity will be as low as natural background in just 300 years.
Moreover, the medical effects of radiation attract unwarranted attention and are rarely considered in context. We don't think twice about grilling our food over open flames, but the resulting chemicals are most definitely implicated in a range of cancers. When radioactive materials are kept at some distance and sealed within appropriate containment, we can relax. Such containment has proven successful and safe for decades.
What about solar, wind and other renewables?
Let them compete! Let's not waste the energy that's there for the collecting. I'm in favour of renewables and certainly have no wish to see them restricted for spurious, politically opportunistic reasons. Their fossil fuel-replacing potential is utterly specious, however.
A recent survey of over 1,200 South Australians revealed only 20 percent of people are actually opposed to nuclear power, so those who believe in a 100 per cent renewable future would seem to belong to a vocal minority.
The next steps
The technology and the market are there to be seized, but for Australia to have a shot at being part of the PRISM revolution, we must remove restrictions on the establishment of nuclear installations and set effective regulations under the expanded auspices of our internationally recognised regulatory body, ARPANSA.
We must also level the clean energy playing field. Australia finds itself in the unique position of possessing an abundance of ultra-low emissions fuel—uranium—ideally suited to an energy technology that will directly replace stationary fossil fuel generation, and the safety and design issues have already been worked out.
IFS+IFR won't be without technical challenges, but I believe that all it needs to proceed is popular and political support. Popular support can be built through continued outreach and education; the internet provides universal access to accurate nuclear information and professional analysis which can counter the repetitive messages of fear, uncertainty and doubt. Political support can be expected follow accordingly, but will ideally come from all major parties through sober consideration of the vast suite of benefits relative to the risks.
More countries in our region are considering nuclear power as economic development enhances their standard of living. Australia will appear more regressive for each additional year we shun nuclear, especially as the only OECD country to do so in legislation. We also risk relinquishing any stabilising and guiding influence we might have among our neighbours. We have a window of opportunity to be the leaders in an endeavour that will decarbonise our electricity supply and power our future.
For now, though, you'd better turn all that stuff back off.
Energy and nuclear power Sunday 1 March 2015 Listen to Dr Oscar Archer's full talk on using nuclear waste to generate power at Ockham's Razor. More This [series episode segment] has image, and transcript
Ockham's Razor is a soap box for all things scientific, with short talks about research, industry and policy from people with something thoughtful to say about science.
From WikiScams
DiceBitco.in was a die betting site and the Bitcoin counterpart to the already existing and highly popular DiceLiteco.in. Launched on July 29, 2014 by manl and gerry in the wake of Just-Dice's closure, the site became massively popular after it was endorsed by Just-Dice's founder dooglus.
Skipped nonces incident [ edit ]
In early September 2014, it was discovered that the site had incorporated code that skipped nonces of winning bets. This resulted in players losing much more money than what would otherwise have been expected for a game with a 1% house edge. DiceBitco.in claimed that the code had been inserted by a rogue employee but refused to name the developer responsible as they claimed that doing so would expose their real-life identities. The problem in question was fixed and the site owners began the process of refunding players who had sustained losses due to the malicious code. During this time, the site's bankroll plummeted from 7,500 BTC to 1,700 BTC as investors lost confidence in the site and began divesting and withdrawing their funds.
mateo incident [ edit ]
On September 7, 2014, a user named mateo began betting at maximum profit and had a winning streak that some users considered to be highly unlikely to happen by pure chance. Due to this, there was suspicion among the community that mateo was actually one or both of the site owners betting with access to the server seed. The user mateo began betting at a rate of about 3 rolls per second in 30 minute increments and was able to win 125 BTC in the first 15 minutes alone. By the end of the second day, the site reported a total loss of -320 BTC down from a total profit of 288 BTC just hours before. Most of those who had chosen to keep their funds invested after the first incident cut their losses and withdrew their remaining coins and the site's bankroll further dropped to 500 BTC.
Decline [ edit ]
Eventually the site's bankroll recovered somewhat and passed the 1,000 BTC mark again in mid September. On September 17, it was claimed that the user mateo returned, began betting, and lost all their coins that they had won in the previous round and then some. Those who had invested in the bankroll after mateo's winning streak made large profits while those who had not divested made a small profit overall.
The site lingered on for a few more days as people returned and started betting and investing little by little again although it never regained the same level of activity it once had. On October 6, 2014, it was announced that the site was closing down due to unfavorable cryptocurrency regulations in Russia and the entire site including the domain name, code, and user accounts was put up for sale.
Conclusion [ edit ]
Although the site's reputation is sketchy at best and the decision to allow a new employee unrestricted access to the site's code was certainly a reckless one in hindsight, it is debatable as to whether or not DiceBitco.in was a scam in the true sense of the word. To their credit, they continued refunding and processing withdrawals until the very end and refunded those players who were affected by the skipped nonces incident. Furthermore, while mateo's winning streak was certainly highly implausible, the possibility that it happened due to random variance cannot be completely discounted.
Share. The Horizon festival heads down under but stays well on top. The Horizon festival heads down under but stays well on top.
Update: Forza Horizon 3 has been nominated for IGN's 2016 Game of the Year.
The term we use in Australia for what Americans call doing doughnuts is “circle work.” Right now I'm doing some spectacular circle work around an outback airstrip in a custom V8 ute with all the trimmings. I'm talking high-powered spotlights, a CB antenna sticking proudly up into the air, and a giant, mesh-filled roo bar that looks like it's fallen off the front of a Kenworth. ‘Thunderstruck' is banging on my stereo and the tacho needle is banging on the redline. This is Forza Horizon 3 for me; an experience that could only get more Australian if it was delivered inside a giant jar of Vegemite by Paul Hogan crashing into your living room riding an actual crocodile.
But maybe that's not your bag. You may prefer classic American muscle, or perhaps you're more partial to Japanese tuners from the turn of the century, or maybe you haven't got time for anything but European hypercars. That's okay too, because the Forza franchise is famous for its wonderfully eclectic approach to car curation and Forza Horizon 3 is no exception; it's still the best in the business. The big difference here is that with its new level of car customisation and personalisation, an incredibly malleable career experience that can be played solo or co-op with friends, and even baked-in support for a soundtrack of your own choosing, Horizon 3 can be bent to your desires like never before in the series. Combined with dazzling landscapes and lighting effects, outstanding sound design, and well-honed driving dynamics, the results are absolutely fantastic.
Exit Theatre Mode
Great Southern Land
The standard for this series is very high. Back in 2014 Forza Horizon 2 delivered us a sumptuous slab of Mediterranean coastline; a splendid, summertime jaunt through the rolling fields and quaint seaside towns of southern Europe that felt like it was lifted from an episode of Top Gear. It's lovely, truly.
And Horizon 3's world just crushes it. The cars may be the stars here, but it's the stage that steals the show.
“ The cars may be the stars here, but it's the stage that steals the show.
There isn't any one reason, but many that add up. The attention to detail, for example, is magnificent, and as an Australian it's certainly something I can wholly vouch for. The road markings, the street signs, even the garbage bins with their multi-coloured lids. It's eerie, really. The lighting is astonishing, too, with the amazingly authentic sky bathing the whole environment in uncannily realistic sunlight and casting crisper shadows. (The latter are at their most superb as you wind through the thick rainforest sections as the sun tries to pierce through the tall trees.) Water plays a big part, too, and not just because the entire place looks even better slick from rain. Everything from the gently sloshing waves by the Twelve Apostles to the wake created by your wheels as you putter across shallow streams is top notch.
Its greatest strength is probably the sheer variety of landscapes, though. Horizon 3 remains dwarfed by the likes of The Crew's impressively large map, but it packs a pile of vastly different terrains into its Australian backdrop. There's a quiet coastal town, with its picturesque beaches, and the rolling fields between it and the high-rise, urban metropolis of Surfers Paradise. There's the damp and dense rainforest carpeted with thick undergrowth around closely packed trees. There's also rural wine country that gives way to the sparse red dust and isolated farms of the outback. If anything, Horizon 3's outback zone isn't really big enough to communicate the sheer vastness of the real thing that I'd yearned for (shelve your hopes of any arrow-straight highways disappearing over the, er, horizon) but it's nonetheless a noticeable improvement over Horizon 2 where all four corners of the map felt largely similar to each other.
The lighting certainly helps a great deal, though, as the differences between each area are also heightened by Horizon 3's new global illumination lighting system. It gives the outback a different hue to, say, the rainforest zone as the light picks up an orange tint from the sunburnt soil. The whole environment looks extra special in the pitch black of night, too, with the red glow of the roadside reflectors and the glint of approaching signs responding to your car's headlights.
Global illumination also does wonders for the car models, seating them in the world better than ever. It's perhaps telling that despite the fact I'm a dyed-in-the-wool cabin view enthusiast I'm finding myself more and more regularly opting to cruise with the chase cam to marvel at the way the cars gleam and pick up realistic reflections, even of the clouds above. Cabin view, however, is the best seat in the house from which to behold Horizon 3's wet weather. It's improved markedly from Horizon 2, with droplets now streaking across the glass and being shoved around by the wipers, as seen in last year's Forza Motorsport 6.
The price for all this eye candy on Xbox One is that Horizon 3 runs at 30 frames per second (as with previous Horizon games) although it remains locked there always, providing a smooth and consistent driving experience. The only time I ever saw it stumble was during the vignettes you get upon discovering a barn find (which are back, more plentiful than ever, and better disguised on the menu screens prior to their discovery). The PC version is blissfully unrestricted.
Another area of improvement is the spectacular audio; Horizon 3 is the best-sounding Forza game to date – including Forza Motorsport. The step up from Horizon 2 is immediately noticeable, and that's already a great-sounding game, but there's just something about the exhaust notes here in Horizon 3 that seem louder and more aggressive than ever before. I don't think I'll ever get tired of feathering the throttle with the backfire that Horizon 3 provides; it's like the crack of a rifle.
Horizon 2's brand of simple and seamless opt in/opt out multiplayer returns and now includes new co-op functionality, so if you don't want to play the career mode alone you can join three friends and tackle it in co-op. Everything you discover and complete is consistent across multiplayer and solo play, which is great design.
Kick It in the Guts, Barry
Beyond its prowess when it comes to presentation, Horizon 3's big bullet point is its pliability. There are more car customisation options than ever, and the best ones are sorted into a separate menu, so it's clear before purchasing which rides will feature the new widebody kits and blower options. 2015's Need for Speed actually made up a lot of ground on the Forza franchise's level of customisation (even surpassing it in some areas, like the ability to place decals on glass, for instance) but Horizon 3 is a confident response to the challenge.
We're also no longer restricted to a default avatar; rather we can now choose from a selection, à la Test Drive Unlimited. Playground has even had its voice actors record a host of names the commentary will refer to you by, which is a cute touch. It defaulted to Luke, but I chose ‘Sausage' because I'm clearly easily amused. Every time I load my game I hear Anna, my GPS assistant, say, “Welcome back, Sausage!” It's impossible not to drive away with a grin after that greeting.
You're no longer restricted to the in-game music, either, and I really can't stress enough how much I love the Groove Music integration here. It really is surprisingly easy to play your own music in Horizon 3 and it's absolutely worth a try if you love driving to particular tunes. While I mentioned ‘Thunderstruck' in the intro, Horizon 3 contains no AC/DC; I'm just playing my own. Having the built-in ability to stream your music itself is different to just playing background music via the Groove app on your Xbox One, too. Done in-game it'll play just like any of the included radio stations; there's no DJ but your songs will get the full post-processing treatment any time you drive into a festival location so it'll sound like your radio has just given way to a live concert. That said, my personal songs would occasionally hang and skip like a badly scratched CD, but I can't tell if that's a bandwidth issue on my part or a technical one with the functionality itself.
But it's the flexibility of the racing events themselves that gives us almost complete control over how Horizon 3 unfolds. Horizon 2 allowed us to rock up to a new championship and completely ignore the suggested car class, which meant we could progress towards the festival's grand finale without ever leaving the cars we wanted to drive most. Horizon 3 goes a step further, not only by adjusting certain events automatically depending on what car you've brought to the start point but also by allowing us to either completely re-script the event from the ground up ourselves, or race a custom event created by friends or other Horizon 3 players.
The functionality is dubbed Horizon Blueprint and lets us select the time of day, the weather, the competition, and even the name of the race itself. It's brilliant, and means every event can be raced in dozens and dozens of different ways under a whole range of conditions. Completing your own or your friends' Blueprint events will net you the same rewards you'd earn for opting for the “official” events Playground has baked in. You can even create your own Bucket List challenges – the one-off, themed events introduced in Horizon 2 – starting at predetermined points in the world.
About my only gripe here is that the Horizon 3 still isn't nuanced enough to distinguish between Ford vehicles from the US, the UK, and Australia. As a result Horizon 3's Australian-themed race category ‘Aussie Rules' is kind of a waste of space right now, considering Aussie Fords remain sorted as US cars and aren't eligible. An odd miss considering how utterly reverent Horizon 3 otherwise is to its setting.
The Reddit Invasion [Infographic]
In the past few years, an upstart social new site known as Reddit has leaped over the rest of the competition to become one of the Web's hottest destinations. An infographic prepared by the folks at Sortable takes a look at the growth of the social media darling.
What makes Reddit special is that instead of having one giant site for everybody, the site is divided into “subreddits” ranging from everything to tech news, to video games, all the way to things you might not want your boss or any shoulder surfers to catch you looking at. And anyone can create a subreddit for free. Reddit's playful anarchy might cause some Internet veterans to recall the heyday of Usenet and its “alt.*” hierarchy.
Founded in 2005 by Alexis Ohanian and Steve Huffman, the site was funded by Paul Graham's Y Combinator, a firm that gives “seed money” and advice to startups. The site grew quite well over the next few years, being acquired by publishing giant Condé Nast. Ohanian and Huffman evenetually left to form Hipmunk, which is currently the most awesome travel booking site in existence.
While the site was already popular, Reddit got a boost when rival Digg unveiled a massively unpopular redesign, causing many Digg users to flee to Reddit and inevitable cries of “Eternal September.”
Reddit has also garnered a reputation for the generosity of its community. Whenever a Reddit user needs help, other redditors will step in with advice, money, and other resources if needed. A subreddit called “Random Acts of Pizza” has its subscribers sending (you guessed it) free pizzas to other people. There are similar subreddits for coffee, cookies, and general kindness. Redditors have also raised money to help people affected by the 2010 Haiti earthquake and other disasters.
Reddit is one of the fastest growing and addictive internet communities, adding new posts and subreddits every day. It looks like they're only going to get bigger, unless they do something really dumb like roll out a terrible new design the way Digg did.
If you liked this, you'll like infographics on the Interconnected World of Tech Companies and The Internet of Things.
Pumpkins are definitely an obsession during fall, but the other thing that I cannot get enough of is apples! Apple cider, baked apples, apple sauce, apple crisp, you name it, when apple season comes, it is on.
Recently, I grabbed our first apple cider of the season. I am not a fan of spiced rum, but when hot apple cider is involved, a touch of rum can make it all the more enjoyable so this was the plan. But this apple cider didn't even make it to a night with rum thanks to my new found love. It all came from one of those “I wonder what would happen if…” situations and thankfully the final result was even better than I ever imagined.
So there are some discrepancies in the industry when it comes to apple ciders. If you get it at the grocery is having to be pasteurized so it may not be true apple cider. To get the real stuff, it is unpasteurized and usually only lasts about 2 weeks before it ferments. Pasteurized or not, the ingredient list is a good place to start. The ingredients should consist of one thing: apples. Not from concentrate and not full of preservatives. These are the main things that I typically look for. I don't always get the raw, unfiltered stuff, but most groceries still carry a healthy and clean option during the fall.
So back to where I began. I bought our first cider of the season. I was making some oatmeal that week, and thought, “What if I added apple cider to my oats?” And so I did. And my, oh my, it was good. I have added apples to my oatmeal before, but the flavor of the actual oats are not really impacted. Adding the cider did just that. It added a balance of tartness and sweetness that is signature of apple cider. My breakfast was so cozy and with just the right amount of spice and flavor. Thanks to this 2-Minute Apple Cider Oatmeal, breakfast will never be the same.
I made this recipe with quick oats, but I am certain you could make it with steel cut or rolled oats and simply follow the cooking instructions. I also used water, but you can use any milk if desired. This makes two servings but you can easily double or half the recipe depending on how many mouths you need to feed. And for all of my overnight oats lovers, don't you worry, an overnight apple cider oats is in the works as well. As always, gluten free oats will work just fine here. So enjoy this cozy, warm bowl of oats with a true autumn twist this morning!
Birthday Boy
Author : Ian Rennie
I sit alone in the dark, the birthday boy. I could have left the lights on, but with only a couple of minutes to go it hadnâ€™t seemed worth it. Typical, really.
Well, this is it. Or this was it, at least. They had taken the neural snapshot four minutes ago, and they were already at work reviving me.
“Me”, funny word to use about someone I'll never be. Was it always like this? I suppose I'll never know.
This was a conscious choice, as little comfort as that gives me now. Most people did the refresh on a five or ten-year cycle, but not me. I wanted to be twenty one forever, never see the slow spread of age reminding me of how mortal I was. A perfect year after a perfect year, that's what I was after, and that's what I've got, sort of. Every year on my birthday, they make a perfect digital copy of my brain and put it in the new body. To stop there being two of me running round, they send a shutdown signal to the old body's brain. It takes exactly ten minutes to propagate, by which time the new me is up and about and 21 again.
Only I'm six minutes the wrong side of that copy, now. I can't see much any more. Everything's starting to fade.
I'd never been on this side before, clearly. This was an experience I – or they – will never learn from. Shame, really, because all I want to do is grab myself by the shoulders and yell in my face, telling myself it's not worth it, living forever by dying every year.
Too late now. It will always be too late, I expect.
I can just make out the digital display on the clock. 30 seconds left.
Happy birthday to me
Happy birthday
To…
The 365 Tomorrows Free Podcast: Voices of Tomorrow
This is your future: Submit your stories to 365 Tomorrows
Share this: Share
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
Just over a month after the first Android 8.1 Developer Preview release , we now have Developer Preview 2 . Once again it's available for all of the latest devices from Google: Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL, Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Nexus Player and Pixel C.
The biggest addition to Developer Preview 2 (aka Beta 2) is enabling preliminary support for the Pixel Visual Core on the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. That's the dedicated photo co-processor that's been sitting in the phones unused since launch with a promise of coming to life in a later update. Google is calling this an "early version" of the Pixel Visual Core, so we won't see its full potential, but expectations are that this new processor will bring even faster photo performance and raise the bar for overall photo quality.
This will likely be the final Dev Preview release before 8.1 releases to everyone in December.
We're also expecting this latest Dev Preview to include the rest of the display tuning changes included in the last stable software release for the Pixel 2 and 2 XL, as well as the November security patches.
Developer Preview 2 will be rolling out over the air to anyone enrolled in the Android Beta Program, whether you were previously enrolled or just sign up right now. If you're extremely impatient, you can also flash the update manually using downloads from Google and our handy step-by-step guide.
As originally noted by Google at the start of the 8.1 Developer Preview, this is likely to be the final DP release before 8.1 hits the stable channel by the end of December.
Talks resumed Thursday after heightened tensions between the two dorms.
GONZAGA UNIVERSITY, SPOKANE, WA– Catherine Monica (CM) and Desmet leadership resumed talks on Thursday in a bid to ease tensions and heated rhetoric that escalated last week.
The talks take place against a backdrop of mutual mistrust. CM leadership was outraged when they discovered feces in their showers, an act for which Desmet was blamed. Officials from Desmet have since denied any involvement in what has since been dubbed “Dookiegate,” yet CM and its Madonna allies have remained suspicious.
Following the events of Dookiegate, tension escalated on Saturday when CM flexed its muscles with a show of force by writing “Desmet sucks dongs lol #CM” on a Desmet stairwell. Desmet officials have since vowed an “awesome and unforgiving retaliation” on the “CM swine” who attacked their soil.
“Both parties are extremely unstable and unpredictable,” Coughlin resident Shaun Pilkman told reporters. “Coughlin, like always, is taking a neutral stance in this conflict. However, we urge both parties to consider the implications of their actions and to consider ending this once and for all.”
Desmet is apparently asking for 40 30-racks of Busch to compensate for damages caused by CM, a demand that CM officials are calling “ludicrous” and “will not be accepted.”
The Logan will keep you updated as new information is uncovered.
Tweets on beef land actor Rishi Kapoor in controversy
NEW DELHI: BJP-ruled Goa would not ban beef as it is an essential part of the cuisine of minority communities in the state, chief minister Laxmikant Parsekar told ET, adding that it had taken several years for their party to earn the trust of the state's Christians and Muslims."Regardless of what the Centre does -in Goa minorities are 3940% -if it is part of their food habits, why and how can we ban it? For people -especially minorities -eating beef is part of their food," said Parsekar. The Goan CM's comments assume significance as it comes days after Maharashtra and Haryana imposed blanket bans on beef. The move had also triggered speculation that the BJP-led Central government could be considering a nation-wide plan to ban beef distribution and consumption.Parsekar, a former state-level functionary of RSS, said that they are also conscious about the sentiments of a section of Hindus concerning slaughter of cows."Sentiments are hurt with regards to killing cows, not in the case of oxen or bulls. We don't permit killing of cows, and even oxen are not killed there (in Goa) now. It (beef) is brought from Karnataka and sold here, which we allow since it is a part of cuisine of Catholics and Muslims, and I feel it should not be banned," they said.The Goa CM also felt that there was a concerted effort from some quarters, including media, to paint BJP as antiminority by blaming the recent attacks on churches on the party. Such incidents are happening even in states where BJP is not in power, but the party is being blamed, they said.Parsekar told ET that the BJP managed to grow "gradually" and achieve a full majority government for the first time in the state because of it having "build confidence" among the minority community."In fact, we favour the minorities," they said, adding, "In Goa, we are always one step ahead (in reassuring the minority community). We favour the minorities -whether it is for (setting up their) institutions or any other help. For your information, exposition of the holy relics of Saint Xavier's was organised this year. We spent a lot of money for raising infrastructure for that event. It went on for 45 days and 46 lakh people arrived from the world over. We had put up a secretariat comprising top officers for monitoring the event and spent more than Rs 50 crore at the campus.""The Bishop, at least on three-four occasions spoke positively about this government. I heard it myself. The Congress never did so (work for the minorities); it took them for granted. We got an opportunity, and we did it best," they said.Four months into their first term as Goa CM, Parsekar reflected about the difficult, sometimes even hostile, journey of the BJP.While part of the reason for a "gradual" growth was the cornering of majority Hindu vote by the then influential Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), other reason was the suspicion of Catholics towards the party.In 1989, the Sangh relieved Parsekar, present yoga minister Sripad Naik and the state assembly's speaker Rajendra Arlekar to "work for the BJP" and contest assembly elections of 1990 on all 40 seats. But candidates for only 11 seats could be found, all of whom lost.Speaking about their own experience, Parsekar said, "In 2002, when I was elected for the first time, I could not open my account in a booth which was cent percent (100%) catholic...In 1994, four of us (from BJP) got elected, then four came to ten, ten came to fourteen, fourteen reached to seventeen and this time, we got absolute majority 21. It is a gradual, gradual, growth. We reaped the confidence of minorities in particular; first the majority and then the minorities.""We came to power on minority support," they told ET. Giving their own example, Paresekar said there are booths in their constituency that are 100% Catholic. "It took me three elections to work on them and now they have finally started voting for BJP. That's the case with the entire Goa where we now have more Catholic MLAs than Congress," Parsekar said.Random attacks on churches are being linked artificially to BJP by the Congress to scare away minorities, they said, adding that sections in the media were playing it up as part of their antiBJP agenda.
NEW YORK -- New York Knicks point guard Jeremy Lin is "highly unlikely" to play in Game 5 of the team's first-round series against the Miami Heat on Wednesday, a source with knowledge of Lin's injury told ESPNNewYork.com on Monday night.
As the Knicks face a 3-1 series deficit and possible elimination in Game 5, Lin was expected to scrimmage Monday and Tuesday before the Knicks leave for Miami with the hopes of suiting up in Game 5.
But a source said that, as of Monday evening, the pain in Lin's surgically-repaired left knee appeared likely to keep them from playing in Game 5.
"Wednesday is probably too soon," said the source, who added that the Knicks haven't completely ruled Lin out yet, in hopes that they can recover in time to play.
Interim coach Mike Woodson said on Monday that team doctors will make the ultimate decision on Lin's availability.
Lin's return is a pressing issue for the Knicks. They lost Baron Davis to a season-ending knee injury on Sunday in the third quarter of their Game 4 win.
With Davis out, the Knicks have just two point guards on the roster -- Toney Douglas and Mike Bibby.
Woodson said on Monday that Bibby will start in Game 5.
Lin's return would add depth to the point guard position, even if they were able to play just ten minutes.
Bibby, 33, is averaging 19.7 minutes per game in the playoffs and has played more than 30 minutes just twice this season.
Douglas, who would likely back up Bibby if Lin doesn't play, has been on the bench for the entire series.
NEW GENRES: Country Noir
Court Merrigan Blocked Unblock Follow May 27, 2014
[Editor's note: New Genres is a recurring feature that aims to complicate and expand our conception of literary genres and their always porous boundaries.]
Country noir carves out a space for the small, the local, the defiant and the defeated. That losing side of the American mythology that walks out of the shining city on a hill spitting and reaching for a flask. Take this line from Benjamin Whitmer's Pike:
“ … Jack used to have plans for their life.”
“Most of us did,” Pike says. “Before we became what we are.”
Daniel Woodrell coined the term “country noir” with their 1996 novel Give Us A Kiss: A Country Noir. They have since had the subtitle removed in subsequent editions and distanced himself: “The term ‘country noir' isn't even worth using any more. … I don't want to be required to live up to my own definition.” Fair enough, but to coin a term does not mean you've defined a term. Their novel constitutes neither the beginning nor end points of country noir.
In fact, country noir has a long-hidden tradition in American literature with roots that reach back to 1682, beginning with the unlikely-sounding The Sovereignty and Goodness of God, by Mary Rowlandson. The book's opening plunges us straight into the slaughter of Rowlandson's family by marauding Indians and their forced captivity into the wilderness. Them description of the experience after being “redeemed” serves as an accurate summation of the country noir outlook as can be imagined:
I can remember the time, when I used to sleep quietly without workings in my thoughts, whole nights together, but now it is other ways with me … I have seen the extreme vanity of this World. One hour I have been in health, and wealth, wanting nothing: But the next hour in sickness and wounds, and death, having nothing but sorrow and affliction.
The tropes of Rowlandson's journey become familiar ones in country noir: the violent fall from grace with uncertain prospects of ever returning to bliss, hyper-local concerns that stoutly do not form a symbolic template for any larger spiritual or political happenings. The characters of country noir don't look to the wider world — they are inextricably mired in their own personalities, locales, family arrangements, and social classes.
Over and against the overweening hubris of the American Dream, country noir looks to the broken-down farmhouse, abandoned in a pasture, with its dreams long gone and broken. It flips the bird to social conscience, ideology and utopian hopes, turns to the bar for another red beer, contemplating the tottering of social order against the meth epidemic, the plight of returned veterans abandoned by their country, the fate of fugitives. There is no epic sweep to these stories, no recourse to a mythology which sweeps us all along to a manifest destiny.
Country noir occurs beyond the aegis of the city and the suburbs. Its rural settings bring the actions and characters into sharp relief, stripping away social context and revealing its humans as naked, trembling, and very horribly fallible. Eschewing social commentary and symbolism, country noir prefers to dwell in the more homely environs of story.
No crusaders appear. Characters may be victims, passive or flailing, of vicious social circumstance, but while there may be a good deal of awareness of the haves, they will remain have-nots. The swindling Bible salespersons in Flannery O'Connor's “Good Country People,” for instance, certainly has some idea what he's missing out in the pleasant homes they visit. Many lives in country noir works are worn out over amounts of money that would be beneath the notice of the prosperous; from Rueben Bourne accidentally murdering their son in the wilderness after going broke in Nathanial Hawthorne's “Roger Malvin's Burial” to the unnamed fugitive in Scott Wolven's “Atomic Supernova” eking out a living in the Nevada badlands recycling metal and running drugs, the characters of country noir works are generally not economic winners.
infographic by Nadxi Nieto
This is a highly disparate genealogy, to be sure. Acknowledged American classics stand alongside “mere genre” writing. However, I hold that artificial genre boundaries ought not constrain our view of literature. What binds these works together across time is not a conscious adherence to a certain literary style or genre; rather, these works are exemplars of the dark shadow cast by the burgeoning American dream across the North American continent.
Country noir peels back the edges of those illusions. Larry Brown's Joe (soon to be a motion picture) paints a Cormac McCarthyesque picture of the rural South, unflinching in its portrayal of quotidian economic realities. Unable to look beyond their routine of whiskey and work, Joe's shredded moral compass barely guides them through their rough days, while the father who pimps out their own pubescent daughter is not the worst character to put in an appearance.
For if country noir is about nothing else, it is about characters who lack for good choices, or often, many choices at all. The scammers aboard Melville's Mississippi tramp in The Confidence-Man are conned to the extent of their own naiveté and willful blindness, while the Bundren family in Faulkner's As I Lay Dying has been poor and getting poorer from the beginning. Even the apparent wealth of Abraham Trahearne in James Crumley's The Last Good Kiss is revealed to be a sham; they are deeply in debt and living off the largesse of their mother and ex-wife, both of whom despise their current wife, the woman of mystery at the heart of the novel's story. Chronic economic insecurity haunts the characters' actions, especially the ones that are despicable, desperate and unwise. Consider Harry Morgan in Hemingway's To Have and Have Not:
I could stay here now and I'd be out of it. But what the hell would they eat on? Where's the money coming from to keep Marie and the girls? I've got no boat, no cash, I got no education. What can a one-armed man work at? All I've got is my cojones to peddle.
That's country noir. Or as Hank Williams put it a long time ago: “I'll never get out of this world alive.”
Country noir makes short shrift of the notion of a hero riding to the rescue, howsoever rough they are around the edges. Country noir is all rough edges. Wayne in Frank Bill's short story “The Need” can chase solace in drugs before finally succumbing to ultimate violence, while the young boy in “Power Lines” by Jane Bradley will not have their voice heard, and an innocent ghost of a black man, themselves a victim of great injustice, takes the blame instead. In Percival Everett's God's Country, the fiendishly stupid Curt Marder succeeds only in losing what little grubstake they have, while George Armstrong Custer is portrayed as a bumbling, effeminate idiot who blunders into the massacre at the Little Bighorn and the black tracker Bubba rides a mule because “Nobody ever wonders if a mule is stolen.”
In “Atomic Supernova,” a little boy squints up at a sheriff in the blacktop desert sun, awed by the uniform and the tin star and the gun, hero worship in their eyes. The sheriff's deadpan reply says a good deal about the state of American justice:
“Are you the good guy?” Stevie asked.
“I'm the only guy,” the sheriff said.
John Wayne is dead and these days a sheriff is far more likely to be found turning an indigent family into the street than hunting down bad guys. For so many, the sheen of the American dream stands burnished far less bright than once it was. Country noir no longer looks like so alien, nor quite so hidden: it looks a whole lot like reality.
I have been using Sulbutiamine on an average of three times a week for about 4 months, and I have nothing but good things to say about my experience with this Nootropic. I have also noticed a very positive increase in my long term memory in combination with Choline Bitartrate (Precursor to AcetylCholine) over the time I've been taking it. This is supported by studies suggesting Cholinergic and Glutimate activity increase during activity of Sulbutiamine. Now here's another interesting study on the neurological effects of both acute and chronic Sulbutiamine administration.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10996447
Here's the Abstract>>
“Abstract:
Chronic treatment of rats by sulbutiamine induced no change in density of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) and (+/-)-alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid receptors in the cingular cortex, but a significant decrease of the kainate binding sites, as measured by quantitative autoradiography. In the same treated animals, an increase of D1 dopaminergic (DA) binding sites was measured both in the prefrontal and the cingular cortex, while no modification of the D2 binding sites was detected. Furthermore, an acute sulbutiamine administration induced a decrease of kainate binding sites but no change of the density of D1 and D2 DA receptors. Acute sulbutiamine injection led to a decrease of the DA levels in the prefrontal cortex and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid levels in both the cingular and the prefrontal cortex. These observations are discussed in terms of a modulatory effect of sulbutiamine on both dopaminergic and glutamatergic cortical transmissions.”
So basically, in terms of oral ingestion, this is saying that Sulbutiamine increases the sensitivity to D1 type dopamine long term , without significantly effecting the sensitivity to other types of Dopamine. This is interesting because a major brain-activity dropping effect of chronic Cocaine use is the DEsensitization to Dopamine. This means that, theoretically, Sulbutiamine increases the overall activity of the brain, and possibly even help repair damage in recovering cocaine addicts' brains. The slight decrease in Kainate Glutimate receptors can be attributed to down regulation due to Sulbuitiamine's Glutimatergic mode-of-action, meaning that the memory transcription boost of Sulbutiamine may be in part from this Kainate Glutimate activity.
Two tragedies dominated the Star's front page Friday. The first was personal, the second institutional. The personal tragedy was the sudden death of former federal finance minister Jim Flaherty. Their family was devastated. So were friends and acquaintances.
People watch the CBC broadcast of their own cutbacks from inside the main foyer of the CBC building in Toronto on Thursday. ( PETER POWER / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Most media devoted themselves to non-stop tributes. The institutional tragedy involved the latest bloodletting at CBC. The national public broadcaster announced it is again engaged in a savage pruning of its radio and television services, in a last-ditch effort to save money. The two tragedies are related. For it was under Flaherty's watch as finance minister that the latest cutbacks in federal government funding to CBC occurred.
Article Continued Below
To point this out is not to deny Flaherty's virtues as a human being. Those who knew them say they were hard-working, loyal to their family and possessed of an engaging personality. There is no evidence that I know of to suggest that their motives were anything but public-spirited. But they were also an integral part of a government determined to smash or cripple much of what makes Canada a livable country. Their death is a reminder that good people can do bad things for the best of motives. The Conservative government's dislike of the CBC is long-standing and, at the core, ideological.
For Prime Minister Stephen Harper and their supporters, there is little or no place for publicly funded broadcasting in Canada. The market, they argue, provides sufficient choice through private radio and private television networks like CTV or Global. To have government fund something like CBC is, in this view, both an affront and a waste.
Article Continued Below
Which is why, in their 2012 budget, Flaherty announced that CBC funding would have its parliamentary appropriations reduced by $115 million. The aim was to slowly starve the public broadcaster rather than take the political risk of killing it outright. Thursday's announcement from CBC, that it is cutting back in areas like regional programming, suggests the strategy may be succeeding. If the public broadcaster becomes irrelevant enough over time, no one will mourn its eventual passing. As my Star colleague Vinay Menon notes, the notoriously faction-ridden CBC has inadvertently aided the Conservatives in this enterprise, largely by being confused about its purpose. Nor did its loss of the lucrative Hockey Night in Canada franchise help matters. But the government cuts were crucial. They were also not unique. Flaherty's various budgets have called for more than $5 billion in annual spending cuts. Successive parliamentary budget officers have noted that the vast majority of these cuts are to come from as yet unspecified public services. On top of these, the federal government has decided to dramatically scale back spending on medicare. Those health-care transfer cuts, announced by Flaherty in 2011, won't kick in until well after the next election. None of this is meant to suggest that the late finance minister is solely to blame for the government's actions. The cutbacks in employment insurance, the decision to raise the age of eligibility for old-age security, the reductions in transfer payments to Ontario, the lessening of environmental enforcement — all were collective decisions of the Harper cabinet. All ministers bear responsibility for them. But to forget that the former finance minister was a critical part of this ministry is to do them no favours. They were far more than a stage Irishman with a ready wit. Yes, they and Harper had the good sense to back away from austerity in the midst of the 2008-09 economic meltdown. Instead, Canada took part in an international effort to stimulate jobs. Both men deserve credit for that. But Flaherty was also a willing and active participant in Harper's dark experiment to remake Canada along Conservative lines. The omnibus budget bills that, to the dismay of the opposition, allowed this experiment to proceed were his. They, too, are part of their legacy. Like most people, Jim Flaherty was complicated. Thomas Walkom's column appears Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday.
NORTH Melbourne will kick off its new three-game-a-season contract extension in Hobart next year with the blockbuster it craved.
The Roos have landed a boom encounter with Richmond – spearheaded by home-grown star Jack Riewoldt – in round six, as well as a return bout with St Kilda and Jack's cousin Nick in round 20. It will also be another chance for up-and-coming Roos star Ben Brown to play in front of their home crowd in the blue and white.
North will also play West Coast (round 10) in a mouth-watering opening to its recently signed two-year deal at Blundstone Arena, which will have a capacity nearing 20,000 once the $32 million redevelopment is completed.
FOO FIGHTERS TO SHAKE DEC
The Tigers hold the record for the biggest AFL crowd in Tasmania, with 20,971 fans flocking to Aurora Stadium to watch the clash against Hawthorn in 2006. The 14,113 who attended North's contest against the Eagles in 2012 is the highest attendance in Hobart.
Richmond won nine straight matches to storm into the year's finals before running out of gas against preliminary finalists Port Adelaide, while the Roos also reached the last four after defeating Essendon and Geelong before crashing to Sydney.
North had requested a clash with either the Tigers or Geelong in its first Hobart match next year but landing two all-Victorian matches is a huge bonus, especially considering Hawthorn was only given one, against the Western Bulldogs, in 2015.
Read more in tomorrow's Mercury
See the full AFL fixture in our live blog tomorrow from 9.30am
HAWKS NAB PIE FIGHT AT AURORA
Katrina Hibbert wasn't aware at the time that they had made history by scoring the first points for the Seattle Storm on May 31, 2000.
“I really didn't know that was the case until Tully Bevilaqua a few years ago told me I was [the answer to] a trivia question,” Hibbert said.
But beyond that first basket, Hibbert would have a second notable claim to the history books that wasn't clear at the time — the Melbourne native was the first in what would become a long-line of Australian players to don a Storm uniform.
Since the league's founding in 1997, a total of 27 Australian players have played in the WNBA. Of those, nine have played for the Storm, second only to the Phoenix Mercury, who have had 10 since their inaugural season in 1997.
So what has drawn so many Australian players to Seattle over the last 15 seasons?
For four of the nine, including Hibbert and three-time MVP and seven-time All-Star Lauren Jackson, it was as simple as getting drafted by the team.
“[Then head coach] Lin Dunn was a bit of a savior and picked me up and gave me a chance,” Hibbert said. “Obviously, being from Australia those opportunities are very limited from that distance.”
Abby Bishop, who appeared in 16 games with the Storm during its 2010 championship season, took a different route, signing with the team after playing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) of Australia.
“I had always dreamt of playing in the WNBA, so when an opportunity came up, I couldn't turn it down,” Bishop said in an email.
Bishop cited the presence of Jackson — the only Australian player named to the league's Top 15 of all-time list in 2011 — as a key factor in drawing other Australian players to the Storm.
“I think Lauren Jackson paved the way for Aussies in Seattle,” Bishop said. “[Head coach] Brian [Agler] obviously has a lot of trust is Aussie basketball players, and in saying that I think in general we have a great reputation for being good people, and I know that's really important these days.”
For who played for the Storm in 2003 and 2004 and is one of four Australian Storm players (including current Storm guard Jenna O'Hea) that had previous WNBA experiences before coming to Seattle, it was also a matter of getting an opportunity to play.
The fact the Storm has continued to draw in Australian talent is no surprise to Hibbert, who will be bringing the boys and girls high school basketball teams they now coach at a private school in Melbourne to Seattle in December 2015 as part of a tour of the United States to share their appreciation of the city.
“I think the mentality and the lifestyle of Seattle is similar to that of some of our bigger cities in Australia, so we kind of blend in quite well there,” Hibbert said.
While Tully Bevilaqua, a native of Merredin, in Western Australia, said while the rigors of travel are a downside, it's something you get over quickly, and the number of players to have a good experience in Seattle has set a positive precedent for others.
“Australians all talk to each other, and I think everyone's that's been there has had nothing but good things to say about [playing in Seattle],” Bevilaqua said. “So there's that initial attraction there because of the positivity of former Australian players that have played there.”
With the Australian women's national basketball team reaching the medal stand at the last five Olympic games, there's no shortage of talent from the country.
“Australians are known for just being hard workers, being easy going, and I think that's an attraction as well for coaches,” Bevilaqua said.
Bishop said she's hopeful that more Australians will be making the jump to the WNBA in the years to come.
“The up and coming talent we have is exciting, we are getting better as basketball players, and I think people are starting to realize how valuable having Aussies in that league are, Bishop said. “I hope we will see more and more Aussies in the WNBA in the near future. “
Click on the map below to take a look at where each of the nine Storm players from Australia are from, and what they did while they were in Seattle.
[googlemaps https://mapsengine.google.com/map/embed?mid=zaJHtcVIJCrY.kl1DEXC4Kzjw&w=700&h=480]
0 email
The 3DS eShop has a few options when it comes to music composition, with the latest being Musicverse: Electronic Keyboard. Abylight is keen to highlight how its creative and sharing tool can be used, and has recruited a highly-regarded composer to help with the task.
Tsukasa Tawada worked in sound design in four Dragon Quest titles in the '90s, and has composition credits in a number of Pokémon spin-offs - notable recent credits include Pokémon Shuffle and Harvest Moon: The Lost Valley. The video below shows them getting to grips with the app, before sharing a short sample of a track he's composed for it - 'Tokyo Polka'.
Subscribe to Nintendo Life on
Those with the app can get the full track using the QR code below.
Are you a fan of Musicverse, or perhaps tempted by it now that you've seen Tawada-san put it to the test?
In a year that seems absolutely hell-bent on flushing itself down the shitter, we'll take any silver lining we can get right now, so the news that a new System Of A Down album is finally on the way is enough to have us pogoing around our living rooms in unbridled, nutty joy. And there's reason to be genuinely optimistic about this one: whereas Serj, Daron, Shavo and Jon's uninspired 2011 reunion felt like the epitome of a lazy cash-grab, their live performances in the years since have only got better and better, with a storming showing at Wembley Arena last year showcasing a band very much back on the same page and with fire in their bellies. With that in mind, we have a few humble requests for what we'd like to hear when that long awaited sixth album comes…
Big, Fat Choruses
This might seem like a no-brainer, but we need to make this absolutely clear: few bands in existence can fill two hours with as many throat-ripping, chest-bursting singalongs as System Of A Down, and there is no excuse for a band that can even make letters sound fucking epic (big ups I-E-A-I-A-I-O) to not deliver the goods. Don't let us down on this one, System. This is what you do.
Keeping It Leftfield
System's legacy has practically transcended itself – look at the stats on their Spotify streams and compare them to the likes of Slipknot and Linkin Park to fully comprehend the level of artist they share a platform with – and yet they've never gone the easy way and compromised their sound. Toxicity, their biggest and arguably defining album, featured brilliant, scattershot nonsense like Bounce, Shimmy and X, and Mezmerise and Hypnotize ramped up the Middle Eastern flavours while simultaneously producing some of the most batshit, out of the box music of their career. It might be tempting to tone down their eccentricities for an album that'll have the world's ears on it, but that wouldn't be System. Keep it left-field, keep it nuts.
Dem Vocal Harmonies
The best dual vocals to ever hit metal, when Serj and Daron are on the same page, magic appears. Just listen to Holy Mountains and Tentative off the underrated Hypnotize and lose yourself in those melodies. Go on, do it. Relationships within the band have appeared rocky at best over the years, so fingers crossed that the guys haven't just patched things up, but are (literally) singing from the same hymn sheet. We predict it'll take about one chorus into the new record to work out if that's the case.
Something Different
Whatever your favourite System Of A Down album may be, the fact is that every record they've put out has had its own flavour. While that unmistakable mixture of bouncy, nu metal friendly riffs, DEM VOCAL HARMONIES and Middle Eastern influences stayed with them throughout, they progressed enough between each album to never be accused of making a self-titled or Toxicity Part II. Recycling former glories won't do this time out – we need a vital, current and relevant System Of A Down banging through our speakers.
Music With Meaning
“POLITICS AND MUSIC SHOULD BE KEPT APAR-” oh do shut the fuck up already. Have you seen what's going on out there right now? We need loud, politicised bands more than ever, and thankfully there are plenty making great music and educating fans that are worthy of your attention – from Gojira to Enter Shikari to Letlive to Architects to Thy Art Is Murder to Stray From The Path to countless others. And, with Rage Against The Machine currently splintered, who better to produce some modern, rally-cry anthems for a new generation of disenfranchised metal fans than System Of A Fucking Down? Here's hoping part of the reason they're even committed to a new album in the first place is because they feel like they have something to say again. Hell knows they're not short of material.
Less Daron, More Serj
A potentially controversial ask and, on the face of it at least, something of a hypocritical point given DEM VOCAL HARMONIES, but hear us out. While Hypnotize and especially Mesmerize were cracking albums in their own right, a common criticism is that they saw Daron begin to hog a lot of the vocals for himself. Now, Daron's a fine singer, as proven by DEM VOCAL HARMONIES, and the dude is, of course, one of the single greatest guitarists of their era. That said, there are a fair few moments on those last two albums where they take centre stage, and when you're in a band packing one of metal's most talented, multifaceted and unique frontmen, it feels a little jarring. So maybe ease off a little? Or don't. Just be good. Oh, god, please be good…
System Of A Down Are As Mad As Hell And Are Not Going To Take It Anymore
System of a Down Quiz
GOP lawmaker compares ACORN to the KKK David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published: Friday October 10, 2008
Print This Email This The organized assault from the Republican party on an organization dedicated to registering low-income and minority voters continued in full force Friday, with a prominent Republican lawmaker comparing the community organizers at Acorn with the Ku Klux Klan.
The Association of Community Organziations for Reform Now has faced repeated accusations of attempted voter fraud and investigations by state and federal officials of its activities in several key states. Feeney, a three term Florida Republican facing a difficult reelection races, launched wildly unsubstantiated accusations that Acorn has caused dead people to cast votes and somehow allowed the same voter to cast "20 to 30" ballots in a single election.
"This is destructive to democracy," they told Fox News Friday. "I believe Acorn has violated more Americans' civil rights to have their vote counted than any group since the KKK. It's an outrage."
The "fair & balanced" network, which has spent an inordinate amount of time over the last week parroting GOP talking points bashing Acorn and tying the group to Democratic candidate Barack Obama, didn't have an Acorn representative or anyone else to balance Feeney's tirade. Nor did they mention allegations against Feeney themselves that they tried to subvert democracy by hacking electronic voting machines.
The Republicans seem far more willing to attack Acorn and trump up allegations of voter registration fraud than Democrats were to call for inquiries into electronic voting or other alleged irregularities four years ago.
President Bush's Justice Department has made a priority of investigating alleged voter fraud, although it's inquiries tend to lead nowhere. The American Prospect's Adam Serwer lays out the flaws in the GOP's claims, as were reported Thursday night on CNN. CNN is unable or unwilling to make the critical distinction between registration fraud and voter fraud. As I've said before, the former is really easy to do, even by accident, and the latter is extremely difficult and rarely occurs. The sheer volume of ACORN registration forms found in Indiana suggests the forms were deliberately filled out wrong, but they do not in any sense prove that there is a widespread liberal conspiracy to steal the election. More likely, ACORN workers were stealing time and trying to get paid without actually doing their jobs. Given how easily the forms were discovered, it would have to be the most inept scheme in the history of the United States. In contrast to Republicans' repeated crying about election fraud, comparatively little attention is being paid to thousands of voters being purged from registration rolls across the country. One assumes folks like Feeney would like to keep it that way.
This video is from Fox's Happening Now, broadcast October 10, 2008.
Download video via RawReplay.com
Earlier this year, Microsoft brought Windows Phone's WordFlow keyboard to the iPhone. WordFlow worked very nicely on the iPhone, it had everything you would expect to see on a general keyboard — for example, it had a pretty sweet one-handed mode and a lot of customization options. Since then, the keyboard didn't really get a lot of new features. Following Microsoft, Google also launched its own keyboard app for the iPhone — called the Gboard. Google's Gboard was very different from Microsoft's WordFlow, and it wasn't a run-of-the-mill third party keyboard app. It had Google Search built-in, which allowed you to easily search for things like nearby places, GIFs, emojis and share them very easily — without having to open any other app. It was that simple.
Microsoft is now getting ready to take on Google's Gboard. The company is currently testing a major update for its WordFlow keyboard on the iPhone with a group of testers. The major update will introduce a number of new features to the app, which will put WordFlow ahead of Gboard pretty easily. In fact, the next update for WordFlow could possibly make you use it as the default keyboard on your iPhone.
With the next update for WordFlow, Microsoft is adding all the search-related features which you'll find on Gboard — this includes GIFs, images, and even emojis. Additionally, you will also be baled to look up nearby places, videos, facts, weather forecasts, and a lot more. Needless to say, most of these Search features are powered by Bing. There are also some other features such as the ability to search for contacts and share phone numbers very easily, which can be very useful.
WordFlow will also support one of the best features of 3D Touch on the newest iPhones: the ability to move the cursor with 3D Touch. This is one of the main reasons why I didn't use WordFlow as my default keyboard when Microsoft launched it back in April. And if you still want more customization features, Microsoft has some new themes coming with the next update, too.
So, to recap, here's the full list of features coming to WordFlow:
Search for GIFs, images, and emojis to better express yourself
Find Contacts – when you need to share that person's phone number
Look up restaurants, news, videos, facts, weather forecasts, and much more
New predictions, including GIFs: icons that show up as you type along with word suggestions that can help you express yourself better.
Control the cursor placement with 3D Touch
Accuracy improvements, particularly around space bar, and in arc mode
Support for iOS Text Replacement function
New themes!
Microsoft's WordFlow keyboard certainly is one of the best third-party keyboards available on the iPhone. As for Android users, the company still doesn't seem to have anything share for those using Android. And if you are on Windows Phone, you probably won't be getting any of these new features on WordFlow anytime soon.
How To Be A Socialist Without Being An Apologist For The Atrocities Of Communist Regimes
It's incredibly easy to be both in favor of socialism and against the crimes committed by 20th century communist regimes. All it takes is a consistent, principled opposition to authoritarianism. I don't like it when bosses mistreat and abuse their workers. And I don't like it when governments mistreat and abuse their people. A system in which people must work for low wages, struggling to afford housing, healthcare, and education, is abhorrent and should be gotten rid of. A system in which people must either work or be sent to forced reeducation camps is even more abhorrent. We can dream of a world that has neither gulags nor indentured servitude, and I am such a romantic idealist that I believe such a world might even be possible…
Bret Stephens, in The New York Times, wants to convince readers that the choice is binary. The millennials who criticize contemporary capitalism (i.e. the majority of them, who identify more strongly as socialists) have forgotten the history of the 20th century, they say. They know that Nazis and Apartheid South Africa were bad, but they don't have the same horror at Stalinism and the Khmer Rouge. “Why is Marxism still taken seriously on college campuses and in the progressive press?” Stephens asks. “Do the same people who rightly demand the removal of Confederate statues ever feel even a shiver of inner revulsion at hipsters in Lenin or Mao T-shirts?”
Leftists, Stephens says, engage in excuse-making. They justify atrocities committed by revolutionaries that they would condemn if those same acts were committed by capitalists:
“They will insist that there is an essential difference between Nazism and Communism — between race-hatred and class-hatred; Buchenwald and the gulag — that morally favors the latter. They will attempt to dissociate Communist theory from practice in an effort to acquit the former. They will balance acknowledgment of the repression and mass murder of Communism with references to its “real advances and achievements.” They will say that true communism has never been tried. They will write about Stalinist playwright Lillian Hellman in tones of sympathy and understanding they never extend to film director Elia Kazan.”
The ultimate consequence of this is extremely dangerous, they say. Because leftists fail to reckon with the truth about communism, they will end up justifying anything done in the name of The People. They “cheered along” Venezuela's socialist government as it collapsed into “dictatorship and humanitarian ruin” and people like Bernie Sanders condemn Wall Street without recognizing that “efforts to criminalize capitalism and financial services also have predictable results.” The “line running from ‘progressive social commitments' to catastrophic economic results is short and straight.”
Alright. First of all, I am not sure how many millennial hipsters Bret Stephens spends time around, but I tend to see very few of them in Mao Zedong t-shirts (and if they were in Mao Zedong T-shirts, those shirts would almost certainly be dumb ironic jokes making Mao look ridiculous, e.g. hipster Mao or LMAO, rather than honest advocacy in favor of collectivized farming systems). I have only ever encountered one authentic millennial Maoist, and let's just say I don't think there's any danger he'll be leading the next Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution.
There are two main parts to Stephens' argument, though: first, that leftists have a double standard, rationalizing communism and failing to appreciate just how bad it was, and second, that if leftists honestly faced the realities of that history, they would see that their criticisms of capitalism can only lead us toward terror and misery. The first point has some merit. The second is a steaming pile of manure.
Much of what Stephens categorizes as rationalization is nothing of the kind. There is an actual difference between racial hatred and class hatred, and it's an important one: race is an immutable characteristic, while class isn't. If I am a rich landlord, I can stop being a rich landlord any day of the week by simply giving all of my property away. It's much more fair to hate someone for something they do than for some aspect of themselves they cannot change, and hatred of the rich stems from the fact that rich people, through their actions, make the world more unjust. Whenever people who have a lot of money make this silly argument that prejudice against the wealthy is the same as prejudice against Jews, they imply that rich people can't help but be selfish. But it's good to remind them that they could cease to be victims of “prejudice” any time they like.
Stephens also suggests that saying communism remains a sound theory or has “never been tried” amounts to an apology for dictatorships. I think here they misunderstand what the actual argument is, at least in its more sensible version. When anyone points me to the Soviet Union or Castro's Cuba and says “Well, there's your socialism,” my answer isn't “well, they didn't try hard enough.” It's that these regimes bear absolutely no relationship to the principle for which I am fighting. They weren't egalitarian in any sense; they were dictatorships. Thus to say “Well, look what a disaster an egalitarian society is” is to mistake the nature of the Soviet Union. The history of these states shows what is wrong with authoritarian societies, in which people are not equal, and shows the fallacy of thinking you can achieve egalitarian ends through authoritarian means. This is precisely what George Orwell was trying to demonstrate, though almost everybody seems to have missed their point. Orwell was a committed socialist, but they knew that socialism was about giving workers ownership over the means of production, which they don't have if they're being told what to produce at gunpoint. Animal Farm is not about the dangers of socialism, it's about the dangers of using revolutions to justify totalitarianism.
The history of the Soviet Union doesn't really tell us much about “communism,” if communism is a stateless society where people share everything equally: it was a society dominated by the state, in which power was distributed according to a strict hierarchy. When Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman visited the Soviet Union, they were horrified by the scale of the repression. “Liberty is a luxury not to be permitted at the present stage of development,” Lenin told them. Goldman concluded that “it would be fantastic to consider it in any sense Communistic.” (Her pamphlet “There Is No Communism In Russia” argues that if the Soviet Union was to be called communist, the word must have no meaning.) Bertrand Russell visited Lenin and was alarmed by their indifference to human freedom. Russell left disillusioned, “not as to Communism in itself, but as to the wisdom of holding a creed so firmly that for its sake men are willing to inflict widespread misery.” Lenin themselves acknowledged that they were implementing a form of “state capitalism.”
The primary lesson here is not about “egalitarianism” or “socialism” or even “communism” since Castro, Mao, Stalin, and Lenin did not actually attempt to implement any of those ideas. Instead, the lesson is about what happens when you have a political ideology that contains a built-in justification for any amount of horrific violence. The bad part of Marxism is not the part that says workers should cease to be exploited, but the part about the “dictatorship of the proletariat.” The dominant “communist” tendencies of the 20th century aimed to liberate people, but they offered no actual ethical limits on what you could do in the name of “liberation.” That doesn't mean liberation is bad, it means ethics are indispensable and that the Marxist disdain for “moralizing” is scary and ominous.
It actually is important, then, to do precisely what Stephens condemns: to distinguish “advances and achievements” from “indefensible atrocities.” If your society manages to have impressively low infant mortality and impressively high literacy, but tortures political prisoners, we might want to adopt your literacy program while declining to recreate your secret police. Because I am capable of holding two ideas in my head at the same time, and do not think in caveman-like grunts of “This good” and “This bad,” I can draw distinctions between the positive and negative aspects of a political program. I like the bit about allowing workers to reap greater benefits from their labor. I don't like the bit about putting dissidents in front of firing squads. And it seems to me as if an intelligent person ought to be capable of disaggregating those things and seeing that you can be in favor of readjusting the balance of wealth without being in favor of show trials and purges. Conservatives see a necessary connection between these things, but (ironically enough) this is because they don't actually know much about the history of socialism, and the long tradition of libertarian socialists who have been critical of totalitarian thinking from the very beginning. The critiques that Bakunin made of Marx exactly predicted the nature of the Soviet Union, decades before it came about:
“[Marxists] insist that only dictatorship (of course their own) can create freedom for the people. We reply that all dictatorship has no objective other than self-perpetuation, and that slavery is all it can generate and instill in the people who suffer it. Freedom can be created only by freedom, by a total rebellion of the people, and by a voluntary organization of the people from the bottom up.”
Bakunin said that strong states, of the kind advocated by Marxists, would inevitably produce “military and bureaucratic centralization” and that the only difference between this kind of government and a monarchy is that a monarchy oppresses and robs the people in the name of the King, while the proletarian dictatorship does it in the name of “the people.” But, they said, “the people will feel no better if the stick with which they are being beaten is labeled ‘the people's stick.'” (Bakunin themselves was often loathsome, an anti-Semite with violent tendencies, but again, this is the magic of thoughtful reasoning: I am able to accept the sensible parts of their ideology and discard the insane ones.)
The most objectionable part of Stephens' case is their suggestion that criticism of Wall Street is a step down the road to the Gulag, and that “progressive social commitments” necessarily lead to “economic catastrophe.” Gulags only become possible if you have an ideology, like Leninism, that justifies Gulags. If you are a leftist like Bertrand Russell, who visited Lenin and was disturbed by their lack of interest in liberty, then the conclusion is not that you should stop trying to make the economy more fair, it's that you shouldn't ever be willing to make millions of people miserable in the name of pursuing an ideal. Ideals are still good, but there need to be strict limits on what acts those ideals can justify. Just as “liberté, égalité, fraternité” did not become invalid aspirations when Robespierre started cutting off heads, and the Vietnam War didn't discredit the idea of representative democracy, communist atrocities are a warning against committing atrocities in pursuit of fairness, not against fairness.
Stephens is right in one respect, however: there are still some on the left who don't think that way. In recent interviews and op-eds about Lenin, Tariq Ali has praised them for their love of “democracy,” without mentioning the Red Terror, the Cheka, and the stifling bureaucratic misery Goldman and Berkman discovered when they first set foot in Lenin's Soviet Union. Terry Eagleton's Why Marx Was Right dismisses worries that Marxism will inevitably be used to justify horrible crimes, essentially by saying that revolutions are never easy and power is an inevitable feature of human life. (Examine Chapters 8 and 9 and see if you feel reassured that Eagleton's Marxism contains any ideological backstop to limit the amount of corpses it would be willing to pile up.) It is is concerning how little time has been spent analyzing what should be a central question for revolutionary socialists: which ends would justify which means? And how will you avoid what has happened so many times before, when the belief that “counter-revolutionaries” must be dealt with using “extraordinary measures” has led to an escalating cycle of paranoia over whom the counter-revolutionaries are? I'm certainly not reassured by those who dismiss free speech as a bourgeois liberal value, or who think it applies to everyone but fascists but lack a clear theory for determining who is or is not a fascist. (Since I could easily be classified as a supporter of “free speech for fascists,” I could be seen as an enabler of fascism, and therefore no better than them.)
“How will you keep this idea that sounds perfectly reasonable from becoming a total disaster once implemented?” is an extremely serious question. I distrust anyone who doesn't think seriously about the potential consequences of various ideas. And Stephens is right that the history of communist states needs to be taught more (that would also, of course, include the 20,000,000 Soviet citizens who died in World War II and who we tend not to pay much attention to). Any leftism that justifies or downplays atrocities is not for me. It's important to be clear, consistent, and principled. (Likewise I am sure Stephens, who believes that Soviet atrocities indict socialism, holds the principled and consistent belief that U.S support for the killing of 500,000 Indonesian communists indicts American capitalist democracy.)
There is no difficulty whatsoever in being an anti-authoritarian socialist. Everyone should be one. You should believe in freedom and equality, not just one or the other. Freedom without equality means low-wage servitude, while equality without freedom means living in a police state. Conservative critics are right that it's hypocrisy for any leftist to condemn mass murder while justifying mass murders committed in the name of the working class. But that's a problem of hypocrisy, not of leftism. You won't find me giving excuses for the Shining Path or the GDR. But there is no logical reason why that should lead us to endorse the callous policies of the American right. Instead, we should be offering a set of ideas that are genuinely humane, compassionate, and socialistic.
Image: A Khmer Rouge mass grave. If your revolutionary movement keeps producing mountains of skulls, it is important to consider whether the problem may be with you rather than the people who were turned into the mountain of skulls.
The first medical cannabis club in Chile, Botánica Orgánica Cannabis Internacional (BOCI), opened in the northern city of Arica in early September.
BOCI, which was created with the support of Fundación Latinoamérica Reforma (the Latin America Reform Foundation), and provides access to premium quality cannabis for people who are prescribed cannabis-based medicines but unable to self-cultivatee. Such patients may be unable to do so because of lack of knowledge about the cultivation process, limited access to growing space, or simply the debilitating nature of their illness. The club currently has around 20 members.
The creation of BOCI is the latest step in Chile's journey away from strict prohibition of cannabis. The country, once renowned for its conservatism, is now leading the way on medicinal cannabis in Latin America.
In October 2014, the Daya Foundation planted Latin America's first crop of medical cannabis in a government-approved pilot programme which produced cannabis oil for 200 cancer patients. The programme has now been up-scaled, with nearly 7,000 plants harvested in March 2016 from the site in Colbun, a small town located 220 miles south of Chile's capital, Santiago. The site was chosen because it is free from environmental contamination and will thus ensure high quality plants.
The project will provide cannabis free of charge to around 4,000 people. Simultaneously, three major clinical studies into the medicinal properties of the drug will be undertaken: one for cancer patients, the second for patients suffering from drug-resistant epilepsy, and the third for patients suffering from non-cancer related chronic pain.
“It's very exciting for me just to think about all of these wonderful plants that are growing are going to improve the quality of life of many people around our country”, said Ana Maria Gazmuri, the president of the Daya Foundation. “We have heard of many stories, many cases and we know, we clearly know, how using cannabis for medicinal purposes when fighting against a serious disease can make a great difference".
The legal basis for such endeavours began over a decade ago when, in 2005, Chile's Law 20,000 decriminalised private personal use of cannabis. More recently, in 2015, Decree 84 was introduced to remove cannabis from the list of dangerous drugs, and authorises the sale of cannabis-derived medicines on prescription at pharmacies.
However, unlike major pharmaceutical companies which seek to monetise cannabis-based medicine, Fundación Latinoamérica Reforma and the Daya Foundation are not motivated by profit. Instead, they work with the local community and provide free, or cheaper, access to the drug for those most in need.
The legal basis for clubs such as BOCI was further strengthened by a Supreme Court ruling in June 2015 which confirmed that cultivation of cannabis for private use, whether it be used alone or in a group, is legal. The case involved psychologist, Paulina González Céspedes, whose 41-day prison sentence for cultivation was overturned when the Court declared it to be “the full right of people to cultivate as long as this does not mean harm to public health”.
One month later, in July 2015, the lower house of the Chilean Congress passed a bill to further amend Law 20,000 to allow anyone to possess up to 10 grams of cannabis, and grow up to six plants at a time. Gazmuri says that this would clearly define personal limits and stop the violation of people's rights, removing the discretion of the judge when determining what constitutes a “personal” quantity.
In a 2014 poll, 86 per cent of Chileans claimed to support the use of medical cannabis, and 50 per cent favoured legalisation of both recreational and medical cannabis. The progress on cannabis reform in Chile shows no sign of slowing down.
Israel has blamed rocket attacks by militants for the blockade The UK-based aid agency Oxfam has warned of catastrophe for Gaza and nearby areas of Israel if a truce agreed last June is not maintained. Oxfam called on world leaders to do everything they could to break Israel's blockade of Gaza and urged Israel to resume supplies without delay. Israel has shut border crossings in response to rocket attacks from Palestinian militants in Gaza. Earlier Israel fired missiles at targets in northern Gaza. Two Palestinian militants were injured in the attacks, while one Israeli was injured in militant attacks on the town of Sderot. Palestinian rockets also hit near the Israeli town of Ashkelon, 15km (nine miles) from Gaza. No injuries were reported. 'Peace endangered' Oxfam said both sides would suffer if fighting continued. "If Israelis and Palestinians alike don't exert every effort now to maintain the truce which has held since last June, the result could be catastrophic for civilians both in Gaza and in nearby Israeli towns," the agency's executive director, Jeremy Hobbs, said in a statement.
Gaza shut to fuel and journalists Guide: Gaza blockade They said Gazans had been routinely denied unhindered access to fuel, medicines and essential goods for the last year-and-a-half. "Failure of the international community to act decisively will only exacerbate human suffering and could further endanger chances for peace," Mr Hobbs added. On Thursday, UN officials said aid for 750,000 Gazans would have to be suspended until Saturday at the earliest. Israel earlier denied entry to a convoy carrying humanitarian supplies. It has prevented the transfer of all goods into Gaza for nearly a week, blaming continuing rocket attacks by Palestinian militants. The current round of clashes and rocket fire began on 5 November when Israeli troops entered Gaza to destroy what Israel said was a tunnel dug by militants to abduct its troops. Hamas responded with a barrage of rockets fired into Israel. There has been intermittent rocket fire since. A truce between the two sides declared on 19 June had largely held. Both sides have accused the other of violating the truce, but maintain that they remain committed to it.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please click here to download a PDF of a single document containing all postings 1–21, with personal commentary by Bill Ryan.
This is the original posting by 'Anonymous', the key information provider on this site. Also included are three responses and seemingly independent verifications of the information.
First let me introduce myself. My name is Request Anonymous. I am a retired employee of the U.S. Government. I won't go into any great details about my past, but I was involved in a special program.
As for Roswell, it occurred, but not like the story books tell. There were two crash sites. One southwest of Corona, New Mexico and the second site at Pelona Peak, south of Datil, New Mexico.
The crash involved two extraterrestrial aircraft. The Corona site was found a day later by an archaeology team. This team reported the crash site to the Lincoln County Sheriff's department. A deputy arrived the next day and summoned a state police officer. One live entity [EBE] was found hiding behind a rock. The entity was given water but declined food. The entity was later transferred to Los Alamos.
The information eventually went to Roswell Army Air Field. The site was examined and all evidence was removed. The bodies were taken to Los Alamos National Laboratory because they had a freezing system that allowed the bodies to remain frozen for research. The craft was taken to Roswell and then onto Wright Field, Ohio.
The second site was not discovered until August 1949 by two ranchers. They reported their findings several days later to the sheriff of Catron County, New Mexico. Because of the remote location, it took the sheriff several days to make their way to the crash site. Once at the site, the sheriff took photographs and then drove back to Datil.
Sandia Army Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico was then notified. A recovery team from Sandia took custody of all evidence, including six bodies. The bodies were taken to Sandia Base, but later transferred to Los Alamos.
The live entity established communications with us and provided us with a location of their home planet. The entity remained alive until 1952, when they died. But before their death, they provided us with a full explanation of the items found inside the two crafts. One item was a communication device. The entity was allowed to make contact with their planet.
Somehow, I never knew this information, but a meeting date was set for April 1964 near Alamogordo New Mexico. The Aliens landed and retrieved the bodies of their dead comrades. Information was exchanged. Communication was in English. The aliens had a translation device.
In 1965, we had an exchange program with the aliens. We carefully selected 12 military personnel; ten men and two women. They were trained, vetted and carefully removed from the military system. The 12 were skilled in various specialities.
Near the northern part of the Nevada Test Site, the aliens landed and the 12 Americans left. One entity was left on Earth. The original plan was for our 12 people to stay 10 years and then return to Earth.
But something went wrong. The 12 remained until 1978, when they were returned to the same location in Nevada. Seven men and one woman returned. Two died on the alien's home planet. Four others decided to remain, according to the returnees. Of the eight that returned, all have died. The last survivor died in 2002.
[Clarification (BR/ Victor Martinez): the paragraph above contains a typo in the original. Twelve team members went, and eight returned – two having died on Serpo and two having chosen to remain; these two were not ordered to return.]
The returnees were isolated from 1978 until 1984 at various military installations. The Air Force Office of Special Investigation (AFOSI) was responsible for their security and safety. AFOSI also conducted debriefing sessions with the returnees.
I have never seen or read anything about the exchange program. I once heard a little bit of information from Linda Howe, but they didn't have much information.
I've monitored your e-mails for about six months. I've read e-mails from you and others. But I've never seen nor heard the truth about the real Roswell incident or the exchange program.
I'd like to hear what others say about this.
Comment 1 (by Gene Loscowski):
Who is this person? Most of the information is absolutely correct.
However, I never heard of any females going. To the best of my knowledge, we had 12 men, all military men. Eight USAF, two Armies and two Navy guys. I think the females are a red herring. But maybe I just didn't have the clearance for that.
They left and was gone 20 years, as I was told. When they came back they were put in quarantine for 365 days at the complex. Only eight came back, that much is right. Two died a few years into their assignment on the Visitor's planet. Two others decided to remain and maybe are still alive today. Since their return, all have died. The last being in 2003 in a VA hospital.
As for the Roswell incident. Whomever sent the e-mail is correct.
The complete debriefing is contained in: "PROJECT SERPO," Final Report-80HQD893-020, classified TS, Codeword. Ask [Rick] Doty about that report because I think it is an OSI report. Paul [McGovern] should be commenting on this since they were involved in the debriefing.
[Clarification by Victor Martinez, 1 December: Ths project classification was provided by Paul McGovern, not Gene Loscowski. Apologies for the error.]
Comment 2 (by Paul McGovern):
Interesting but not totally correct [commenting on Anonymous's original e-mail]. As for the Roswell incident: absolutely right. Few people have ever gotten it entirely correct. Two crash sites, not one. As for the exchange program: Unauthorized Release of Classified Information, as I see it. But maybe someone currently within our government wants it out. No females were sent. Twelve men, all military. 8 USAF, 2 U.S. Army and 2 U.S. Navy. Two were doctors; three were scientists; two were language specialists; two were security personnel; two were pilots and one was the leader (Colonel-AF).
All were sheep-dipped and completely erased from the military roles. I'm not totally sure of the training period, but I think it was about six months. They were able to transmit messages to Earth by means of a communication system set up prior to their trip.
One doctor and one of the security personnel died three years into their visit. The doctor died of pneumonia and the security guy died of an injury. The exchange team had to endure extreme hardship adjusting to the environment of the visitor's planet.
The heat was extreme and took many years to adjust. The food was something of a problem because the human system had problems digesting it. The team took enough food for two years and rationed it another eight months, but eventually had to eat the visitor's [Eben's: alien's name] food. This caused all team members gastrointestinal problems. Eventually, they adjusted. The visitors tried to create different foods but few worked.
The team was never isolated or restricted by the visitors. They could travel as they wished and see whatever they wanted to see. After about six years, the team moved to a northern portion of the visitor's planet, where the temperature was cooler and which contained ample vegatation.
The visitors built a small community for the team. The only major problem was time. Time was different on the visitor's planet. I don't think anyone ever figured it out. The visitors had no clocks. They didn't judge or account for time as we did. The visitors found our attempts to account for time strange.
The visitors were extremely disciplined in their daily lives. Every visitor worked on a schedule, which was not by a clock, but by the movement of their sun. Each little community had a large tower, which filtered the sun through. When the sun was at a particular point on the tower, it meant the visitors had to do a particular thing.
There was never complete darkness on the visitors planet. It got dim but not dark. The visitors had rest periods, but not like our sleep periods. The visitors rested three times during their sun days. Our team determined the entire work period was approx. 43 hours. They had three rest periods within that 43 hours. That is still about 14 hours straight,... couldn't get too many of our workers to do that! The visitors also didn't have months or years.
They did have life periods, as our team coined it. It was impossible to judge the visitor's age, although our team did find graves. The population of the visitor's planet was about 650,000. There were small communities throughout the planet. There were underground rivers, which fed into open valleys. There was industry.
But all of the food was grown, either in fields or in large buildings. They did have animals. Different types. Strange large beasts, they used for work and other things, but no meat was eaten. The geological makeup of the planet was so much different than ours. Few mountains, no oceans, some trees or something similar to trees and no other civilization except the Ebens.
Everyone looked the same initially to our team. But after some time, the team members learned to identify different Ebens by their voices. Although the Ebens couldn't speak English, they did make noises that our team members were able to translate into English. After five years, we had their language completely translated into English. The complete debriefing accounts for about three thousand pages.
Comment 3 (by "Anonymous II"):
I would prefer you keep my name private.
But here is my evaluation of the information from "Anonymous."
1. As for the Roswell incident [described by Anonymous in their e-mail]: This was the story I read in the historical document called the "Red Book." Almost exactly to the word. Although there were more details about the crash sites and what was recovered.
2. As for the Exchange Program: I read about it but thought there were 12 men; I don't recall any women. But that was about all I knew. We did have a special unit that handled their debriefing but USAF positive intelligence was also involved. I was never involved in that program, but I knew other agents who were.
3. I'd like to contact this source. I have about a million questions to ask!
I heard Linda Howe speak about the exchange program some years ago. I always wondered where they got them information.
Keep up the excellent work!
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Park District announced today that Garfield Park and South Shore Cultural Center, two of the City's busiest parks, will be the sites of a new, free Wi-Fi internet service sponsored by Google. The three-year agreement allows park patrons to enjoy free wireless Internet service while visiting these facilities. This initiative underlines Mayor Emanuel's continuing pledge to boost free wireless service to parks and public spaces across Chicago.
“I will continue to work to ensure the entire City of Chicago is one of the most connected cities in the world,” said Mayor Rahm Emanuel. “By increasing the access to high speed internet in Chicago homes, businesses and public places, we are fortifying the City's force in the global economy.”
The wireless access will be completely free to users as part of Google's sponsorship. Google will also fund the construction of the network and will finance monthly maintenance costs for up to three years.
"Google is excited to partner with Mayor Emanuel and the Chicago Park District to bring new, free connectivity for Chicago residents," said Jim Lecinski, Vice President of US Sales and Service and head of Google's Chicago Office. "This is core to our mission, to make the world's information universally accessible by enabling more people to get online."
The new Wi-Fi network is projected to roll out at Garfield Park and South Shore Cultural Center by the end of the year.
“Wireless Internet service is a necessity in today's society and it is justified that the public spaces in a global city such as Chicago are connected,” said Chicago Park District General Superintendent Michael Kelly. “The availability of Wi-Fi at these locations allows visitors to enjoy park amenities and the ability to remain connected.”
The Google Wi-Fi sponsorship at Garfield Park and South Shore Cultural Center is the next step of the Mayor's Broadband Challenge initiative, which aims to expand access to high-speed internet in targeted commercial corridors, underserved neighborhoods, parks and public spaces. The Broadband Challenge, which the Mayor originally announced in September 2012, seeks to create a gigabit-speed fiber network in targeted commercial and industrial corridors, establish free wireless service in parks and public spaces, and increase accessibility and affordability of internet service in underserved areas across the city. To support these efforts, the City is leveraging assets, including existing City-owned fiber; right-of way access to freight tunnels and sewers; coordination with planned City construction work to modernize water and sewer infrastructure; and other forms of investment.
“Free wi-fi can only lead to good things such as expanding economic opportunities in the 7th ward and attracting businesses to the area,” said Ald. Natashia Holmes, 7th Ward. “Considering also that Rainbow Beach is the only south side beach with free wi-fi, having free wi-fi now at the South Shore Cultural Center will only enhance upon the progress already made.”
“Wireless internet is a key resource in promoting education year around, and this addition will continue to make Garfield Park a growing neighborhood attraction for our West Side Community,” said Alderman Jason Ervin, 28th Ward. “Families, students, and visitors will appreciate Google bringing this resource to the West Garfield Park community.”
Previous deals are reflective of this approach.
Just last month, the City Council approved a plan to acquire more than eight miles of fiber optic cables in support of Chicago's broadband infrastructure expansion efforts. That deal, a transaction between the City of Chicago and Lisle, Illinois-based telecommunications network operator ExteNet Systems, Inc., enables the City to acquire 42,000 feet of fiber optic cables in lieu of $1.3 million in right-of-way fees over the next 15 years. ExteNet will fund the installation of the City-owned fiber as it installs its own fiber optic network. This acquired fiber will be used for the City's own needs, such as providing network connectivity to City buildings in close proximity to the ExteNet-installed fiber. In some cases this will result in cost savings through the cancellation of existing telecommunications services.
In July, Mayor Emanuel and the Chicago Park District announced that five city beaches will offer free wi-fi to visitors. Beachgoers are able to access free high-speed wi-fi at North Avenue, Osterman/Hollywood, Montrose, Foster and Rainbow beaches. Through a partnership with Cisco and Everywhere Wireless which began in May, the Chicago Park District identified five beach locations with existing infrastructure that accommodates wi-fi connectivity. The connectivity is being provided by placing wireless infrastructure on existing buildings, including condo and apartment buildings nearby the selected beaches. Depending upon the success of the pilot, the Chicago Park District and Everywhere Wireless will consider continuing at the current locations and/or expanding to the other beaches. Everywhere Wireless will pursue sponsorship to cover the cost of future expansion.
Additionally, free wireless service has been available at Millennium Park since September 2012, through a partnership with Silver Communications.
# # #
Following a fight, Lawrence John Ripple told their wife that he'd "rather be in jail than at home," court documents showed.
They then walked to a bank in Kansas City, handing a note to a teller demanding cash and stating that they had a gun.
But instead of making a getaway from the Bank of Labor branch with $3,000 in cash, the 70-year-old took a seat in the lobby and told a security guard that they were the suspect.
The guard then called the police, whose station is on the same block as the bank.
Ripple later told the officers who took the money from them that they could no longer bear living with theirs wife.
They were charged in a federal court on Tuesday following the incident on September 2.
 They are now behind bars after being taken to a federal jail in Leavenworth, Kansas.
The money was returned to the bank.
Court documents didn't explain the cause of Ripple's fight with theirs wife.
mm/jil (AP, Reuters)
Fun with Dependent Types in Haskell
Posted in: haskell, type-families.
Inspired by recent Oliver Charles' talk at the Haskell Xchange (which was a blast, btw), I felt compelled in trying to fiddle around with type families and dependent types in Haskell to fix the concepts in my long term memory. Even though those weren't new to me, and Ollie's talk was very accessible and nicely delivered, I wanted to brainstorm a bit to see what I could get out of it. First of all I read the suggested paper, which was a really nice refresher on the topic (and much more!). This is a literate Haskell post. Feel free to load it inside GHCi. First a bit of throat-clearing:
In this post we'll index our datatypes by lifted naturals instead of lifted Peano number, so we leverage the handy GHC.TypeLits module:
Let's first start with something simple: In case you need a quick reminder, a type family is essentially a function at the type level. Let's write the SillyId type family: it will take a type and will return the type itself:
Here we are using an open type family, as we can see from the following instances:
In a nutshell we are mapping these two types to themselves. Think as a sort of id , but at the type level. We can “use” a type family in a function signature to transform types:
So far this should be very basic and boring stuff. Let's move over.
Type safe byte chunks
To motivate this blog post, let's imagine your boss asked you to write a program to handle chunks of raw bytes. As every good Haskeller you like types and would like to write your program in a way that the invariant are specified in the types. Your first thought is to model a chunk as a vector, and almost unconsciously you write something like this:
The TypeLits module we imported promotes every natural into a type, allowing us to write this extremely nice vector. It also promotes some operations for naturals as well, so that we can simply express the increment in size of our :*: operator as Chunk (n + 1) a . This doesn't give us much more than standard vectors though: we could still write, for example, the following:
Uhm, this is not Haskell-y! Let's fix this first. What we need is a way to force the compiler to reject a function like this which is applied to an empty Chunk . There are tons of ways to solve this, so we'll pick just one solution for didactic purposes. Let's first write another type family, but these time a closed one: this has the nice advantage to give us the control in a way that we cannot add more cases externally (as orphans):
What we can write inside the hole? This will certainly work:
If you are not familiar with type families this is a type-level function which is expecting a Nat and will return a Bool : what we see there, though, are not types but kinds (remember: everything is lifted one level up). This is why we return True or False , which are two promoted values into the type level (this is what the DataKinds extension is for). If you want to visually enforce the value/type separation, you can prepend each promoted datatype with a ' , which can be omitted when there is no ambiguity. To write the version of NonZero we'll use, let's start from the intuition: we would like to compare the input Nat with 0 , to assess whether they are equal or different (being naturals we do not have to worry about negative numbers). It turns out that GHC.TypeLits already have exactly what we need:
Unfortunately this yields an Ordering , but what we want is a Bool , so we need a type level function from Ordering -> Bool . Let's try this:
Nice. Armed with this, we can write our NonZero type family:
And finally write a safeHead :
The novelty here is just that we used type level equality to basically say: “Please GHC, I want this function to be called only on types where the constraint NonZero ~ True holds. You can think of ~ as an equal sign. To give you the intuition the type level function needs to yield True at compile type for this function to typecheck.
This will compile:
But this won't:
Ok, this was a lot of work for a simple total function, but it paved the way for more interesting stuff!
More interesting stuff
Your boss looks at your code and says “Ok, but this stuff can be done in Idris or Agda in few lines of code. Not impressed.”, so you go back to your desk and keep coding. The new requirement is to write a function which operates on byte chunks. So we want to write a function where only chunks which are multiple of 8 are allowed to typecheck. In a non-dependently typed world, a Java programmer would write:
As Haskellers, we might try to do better than the imperative version and wrap the possibly-failing computation in a monad:
We could certainly use NonZero to avoid the CNil equation, but this is not very satisfying anyway: wouldn't be nice to enforce the invariant of “must be multiple of 8” into the type system? What we really want is a “type level posMultOf” function, something which will yield a type-level Bool . Let's look again at the definition:
First equation is easy. Second equation has a couple of pain points: * We need to do arithmetic (i.e. y - x ) * We need to do conditional branching * We need comparison (i.e. y < 0)
Luckily we can address the first point thanks, once again, to TypeLits , which gives us, out of the box, exactly this. But now we need a type level if functioned. Can we write it? It is surprising easy to do so!
Nice! What about the last one? We need y < 0 but all we can do at the moment is say y is non negative , but here we need y is negative . Did you guess already? We need a type-level not function!
And finally we can express PosMultOf :
Which I find remarkable: Look at how similar is to the value-level one!
Armed with this, we can now write:
As expected, these won't typecheck:
Nice!
Conclusions
Harnessing dependently types techniques in Haskell is easy (not as easy as Idris or Agda though), fun, and yield code with stronger safety guarantees. Mastering type families takes a while, but is definitely worthwhile!
Acknowledgements
Oliver Charles for the nice talk
Richard A. Eisenberg and Stephanie Weirich for the nice paper
You, the reader, for reading it till the end.
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Loved this post? Stay update
Wenger has faced calls to leave the club during the past few years - with Arsenal last winning the Premier League in 2004
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says they are "immune to excessive reactions" as their side look to reignite their Premier League title bid when they host West Brom on Boxing Day (15:00 GMT).
The Gunners are fourth in the table, having slipped nine points behind leaders Chelsea following successive 2-1 defeats at Everton and Manchester City.
Wenger, in their 20th season as Arsenal boss, compared football with society and politics, saying "everybody has a freedom to have an opinion".
The Frenchman, who is out of contract at the end of the season, said they continue to question themselves "always".
"I'm not immune to critics," they added. "But immune to excessive reactions, yes.
"I've been long enough in the job to put that into perspective as people who love the club, who are really disappointed on Monday morning and get their frustration out. We have to live with that.
"It doesn't mean they are not ready to change their mind if we win the next game."
Media playback is not supported on this device Arsene Wenger discusses Mesut Ozil work-rate criticism
Wenger - who defended Germany playmaker Mesut Ozil from criticism about their work-rate on Friday - said they had seen many players fail in the Premier League "because they did not have resistance to stress".
"It's not easy to walk out sometimes in a hostile atmosphere and perform at your best. We are usually educated to it slowly.
"Everybody responds individually to that [the mood of a crowd]. Some are more affected than others.
"I believe what is important is the strength you find inside and you respond inside the club to be united inside the dressing room.
"You do not go in the season and have no disappointment. We have just lost two games.
"It's the teams who respond well together who have the most successful season. It's part of it.
"In 20 years I had very few seasons where you start on the motorway and you finish on the motorway with no car in front of you."
A former police officer's decision to sing a parody song about the fatal shooting of unarmed African-American teenager Michael Brown has caused the Los Angeles Police Department to open an investigation into the matter.
The song, parts of which were caught on film and obtained by the website TMZ, was performed by a former private investigator following a charity golf outing hosted by a retired LAPD officer. Many in attendance were reportedly retired officers, though civilians were also present.
During the dinner party, held at the Glendale Elks Lodge, former investigator Gary Fishell grabbed a microphone and began making light of Brown's death by singing a parody of the hit song “Bad, Bad Leroy Brown” by Jime Croce.
“Michael Brown learned a lesson about a messin' with a badass police officer,” Fishell can be heard singing in the video, which looks like it was filmed on a smartphone. Fishell also refers to Brown as the “baddest thug in the whole darn town,” as well as “deader than a roadkill dog.”
“Two men took to fightin' / And Michael punched in through the door / And Michael looked like some old Swiss cheese / Their brain was splattered on the floor,” the former law enforcement official sang.
Brown's life took on national significance when they were shot and killed by a white police officer back in August, and a grand jury's subsequent decision not to indict the officer sparked large protests and calls for police reform across the country. Critics of law enforcement say authorities regularly use excessive and lethal force against African-Americans, and have taken to the streets to express their anger.
Protests have continued as a string of officers have escaped criminal charges for killing African-American men.
Meanwhile, the parody video surfaced as another black man was shot and killed near Ferguson, Missouri, where Brown themselves was killed. Details are few, but police say 18-year-old Antonio Martin was armed and allegedly pointed their gun at an officer before they were shot.
In response to the video's publication online, LAPD Police Chief Charlie Beck took to Twitter to announce that the department would look into the situation and see if any current officers were in attendance.
"I am aware of the video released via TMZ. Like many of you, I find it offensive & absurd. It does not reflect the values of the #LAPD," Chief Charlie Beck wrote. "I have directed our Professional Standards Bureau to look into this & determine if any active department employees were involved."
Fishell's lawyer told TMZ that their client sang the song because “he thought the room would get a kick out of it,” though they now realize it was “off color and in poor taste.”
The host of the party, Joe Myers, said they can't control the things people say at their events.
"How can I dictate what they [Fishell] says in a song?" they said to TMZ. "This is America. We can say what we want. This is a free America."
By Andrea Germanos / Common Dreams
ABC News
The Bernie Sanders campaign announced Sunday that it “reached a major milestone in grassroots financial support” during the third Democratic presidential debate.
A statement posted on its website says the campaign has now received over 2.3 million contributions. That means Sanders now holds the record for highest number of contributions for a White House bid, breaking the record held by President Barack Obama in 2011.
The statement adds that “grassroots supporters flooded” the campaign site during the debate, with the average contribution amount being below $25.
Last week, when their campaign surpassed the 2 million contribution mark, the Vermont senator praised the “People Power” supporting their campaign, saying, “You can't level the playing field with Wall Street banks and billionaires by taking their money.”
The campaign also claimed victory for “winning social media” during the debate against their rivals, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former Gov. Martin O'Malley of Maryland.
Sanders' performance also got a nod from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, who tweeted during the debate:
Sanders unexpectedly more credible on foreign policy than OM and Clinton, who repeat conventional wisdom that failed for a decade.#DemDebate — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) December 20, 2015
Some observers pointed to the absence of climate change from the debate. 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben tweeted:
Apparently ABC stands for Anything But Climate. Not that it's been in the news lately… #demdebate — Bill McKibben (@billmckibben) December 20, 2015
While climate change wasn't mentioned, as one Huffington Post reporter points out, the debate moderators did make time to ask the candidates what role their spouses would play in the White House.
In addition to facing criticism for placing “its thumb on the scales in support of Hillary Clinton's campaign,” the Democratic National Committee (DNC) has faced criticism over the number and timing of the Democratic primary—an issue stressed after this latest square-off by The Nation's John Nichols:
Senior members of President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's transition team warned former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn against communicating with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, The Washington Post reported Friday.
The transition officials told Flynn that Kislyak's conversations were likely being monitored by U.S. intelligence agencies and sought to warn Flynn of the risks of talking to the ambassador, even requesting a classified CIA profile of Kislyak from the Obama administration.
Flynn was forced to resign in February amid revelations that they had discussed U.S. sanctions with Kislyak in the month before Trump took office and failed to disclose the conversations to senior White House officials.
ADVERTISEMENT
While Flynn has emerged as a central figure in ongoing federal probes of Russian election meddling and alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Moscow, the previously undisclosed warnings show early concern among some transition officials over the Trump team's developing relations with the Kremlin.
The Obama administration, according to The Post, viewed the request for the file on Kislyak as an opportunity to notify the Trump team of the threat posed by Russia.
The request came as U.S. intelligence officials was looking into the possibility of Russian interference in the presidential election. The U.S. intelligence community concluded in a report made public in January that the Kremlin had sought to influence the race in favor of Trump.
Since then, the Senate and House intelligence committees have begun investigating the Russians' efforts, as well as alleged ties between Trump's aides and Moscow. FBI Director James Comey revealed in March that their agency was conducting its own probe into the matter.
Flynn offered to speak with congressional investigators, but requested immunity from prosecution in return for their testimony. That request, however, was ultimately rejected by the Senate Intelligence Committee.
The White House has repeatedly denied that the Trump campaign had any improper communications with Russian officials and that any collusion took place.
The Trump administration has taken a more aggressive tone toward Russia in recent weeks, particularly over the Kremlin's backing of Syrian President Bashar Assad. But Trump themselves has not taken aim at Russia, and the bulk of their administration's hardline rhetoric has come from United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Trump has also cast doubt on the U.S. intelligence community's conclusion that Russia tried to interfere in the election – a position they reaffirmed this week, saying on CBS' "Face the Nation" on Sunday that "it could have been China, could have been a lot of different groups."
Rep. Dean Westlake, who was asked by Democratic leaders to resign after reports surfaced last week that they had behaved inappropriately with female aides, said late Tuesday they plan to remain in office.
"Many people in the past few days have called for me to resign. I have thought seriously about it, and I have asked for counsel from friends, family, Native leaders, elders and God," the Kiana Democrat said in a statement. "I have decided not to."
Westlake was accused by seven current and former female aides late last week of making repeated unwanted sexual advances and behaving inappropriately during this year's legislative sessions.  They are in the first year of their term.
The women described the behavior after one of them went public and recounted unwanted touching and sexual comments in a letter to legislative leaders. They were asked to resign by leaders of the House majority coalition and the chairperson of the Alaska Democratic Party. The Juneau Empire also called for their resignation in an editorial.
"I want to once again apologize to any woman whom I have made uncomfortable with either my actions or words. I never intended to hurt anyone, but I understand now that I have," the statement said. "I want to thank anyone who came forward. Doing so required strength and bravery."
The women, who asked not to be identified for fear of professional repercussions, described Westlake giving lingering hugs, making sexual comments, asking for dates and touching them inappropriately.
In their statement, Westlake said that they were "re-examining" their actions.
Page 107, Our Very First Dungeon Crawl #18
I can't help it. I smile every time I write anything that the Oracle says. They see all things (as long as they are happy and fun)! I guess when you know with certainty all the terrible things that will befall people it is best to focus on the good stuff. Also, and I know I said this last week, but I am so happy Hippensteel is back. Writing a character that actually thinks the heroes are spoiled jerks is really fun. Besides, this arc is the “make Hippensteel a character people want to read and learn more about” arc. Is it working?
In other important news. I will be attending Emerald City Comic Con at the end of this month. I'll be manning the Cartoonists League of Absurd Washingtonians table (I-07/08) in Artists Alley on Friday and Saturday. I will be there to meet people, sell CLAW merch, demo Sidekick Quests the RPG and Draw Commissions!
That means I am now taking con sketch commissions for Emerald City Comicon! If you are attending the show and you want me to draw something for you, you can request it now to make sure that you get on my list. I don't think I will run out of time to work on stuff and I doubt I will get a ton of requests but since this is literally my first convention in years and the first one I am going to as a cartoonist I figure I should organize myself. I am opening up for all requests; superheroes, weird stuff, Sidekick Quests related things, me drawing in the blank spaces on Cards Against Humanity cards… whatever you want. I don't normally take commissions like this or work in traditional mediums, so this is one of the few times you will be able to get custom physical artwork from me.
What I need from you is an email (to stowe@cartoonistsleague.org) with your full name, when you will be at ECCC, what you want me to draw, and whether you'd like a print of a digital piece or a traditional original. I will send you back a confirmation e-mail and put you on my list. I will be pre making the digital prints but I will be drawing most of the originals at the Con. I will try to have pre-ordered commissions done by the beginning of ECCC if you need to pick them up at a specific time and day. Any commissions not done on time will be shipped to you. If you do not show up to pick them up I will work with you to get it to you as well. First come, first served. If I get what I think are too many requests I am going to cap it. Commissions are 9″x12″ on Watercolor paper.
Prices are: $25 for digital prints, $50 for black-and-white inked original and $100 for a color watercolor piece (or more–it costs more if you want more than one character or you have any other special requests that might make the piece difficult to execute. I will communicate and confirm price with you through email)
Payment: Pay me at Emerald City when you pick up your piece or in advance with Paypal (through crypt monkey@gmail.com). I will likely have a smart phone and a card reader, but no guarantees that I will be able to take card, so please bring a check or cash just in case.
Bitcoin regulation isn't a recipe for economic freedom
I don't watch CNBC very much these days. While I am an investor and do still have a tiny portion of my net worth in stocks, the bobbleheads that spit out economic news on TV have little to offer those seeking true economic freedom.
Plus, they seem to love money-pumping bankrupt countries over solid emerging markets.
I did, however, recently see an interview CNBC Asia did with Peter Vessenes, head of the Bitcoin Foundation where they discussed future Bitcoin regulation.
What many viewers may not understand is that, as a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency, Bitcoin does not have an official “foundation”, and no one can speak for the whole movement.
The beauty of Bitcoin is that it's a disorganized group of people. The Bitcoin Foundation doesn't speak for all – or even most – of them.
What disturbed me was that Peter said that they believed Bitcoin regulation will be good for the crypto currency. They suggested it will root out “bad actors”. He's worried about services like Silk Road where users have swapped Bitcoins for drugs or other “contraband”, saying such services hurt Bitcoin's image.
Likewise, Cameron Winklevoss (you may remember them as an enemy of Mark Zuckerberg in the Facebook-inspired movie “The Social Network”) said at a conference last week in which they also said more regulation would be good for Bitcoin. Their venture capital firm only invests in Bitcoin startups who are in bed with Big Government.
I guess they figure once the sheep warm up to the “newly improved”, government-approved Bitcoin, their Bitcoin investments will be worth a lot more.
These guys are making the argument that nobody will respect Bitcoin if it's some nebulous cryptocurrency they don't understand. Or even worse, if a slanted media in the pocket of Big Finance and Big Government plays up the ridiculous idea that it's nothing but a haven for criminals. Sure, government agents have opened called anyone who uses alternative currency a “domestic terrorist“, but that doesn't mean they're all REAL criminals.
Winklevoss went so far as to even say Bitcoin-ers “love regulation”. Huh?
Their desperate need for love from low-information citizens and greedy government officials is terribly misguided. The world got along just fine many centuries ago bartering in any number of different currencies. In the early days of the United States, colonists used Spanish dollars, British pounds, various colonial currencies, gold and silver, and even animal skins as currency.
Then, the government got big enough to come in and shut all of the other exchange methods down in order to take control of the entire financial system. With modern technology, they now have a spy-state utopia where they can track your every dime.
Fiat currency has a virtual 100% adoption rate despite being a flawed means of exchange. If the logic is that the best, most transparent currency will win, then someone ought to tell the billions of people trading paper money with no intrinsic value.
People use fiat currency because governments told them it was the latest and greatest step in becoming “more civilized” (right after higher taxes). Then they put a gun to everyone's head and forced them to use it. Kind of like in the movies where James Bond walks up behind the bad guy, smiling and chatty, while simultaneously digging a pistol into the guy's back.
The idea that Bitcoin would be so much better if only it were regulated by a bunch of government thugs who care only about tracking your every move is ridiculous. The big boys and girls using Bitcoin know the risks and are willing to take them. The government's lovely system of regulations, on the other hand, has brought us Too Big to Fail, massive corporate welfare, a currency declining by the minute, and a bunch of monkeys at the Federal Reserve who answer to Wall Street's demand for cheap, easy money.
Oh, and they can electronically seize every penny you own whenever the mood strikes.
At the same time, these guys figure that if only we trust the government with all of our financial data, they'll never do wrong by us. They'll only look out for our best interest and never abuse their power.
They're only forgetting one thing.
Governments lie.
Legendary essayist H.L. Mencken got it right when they said “When a new source of taxation is found it never means, in practice, that the old source is abandoned. It merely means that the politicians have two ways of milking the taxpayer where they had one before.”
To think that once you bow before government and beg for their approval that they'll treat you well is a misnomer. In fact, it just so happens that the state of California has issued a nasty-gram threatening fines and criminal charges to the very Bitcoin Foundation welcoming more government oversight. The ironic part is, the Bitcoin Foundation just held a conference in San Jose, and it generated a bunch of revenue for… California.
No capitulation to Big Government is ever rewarded.
Bureaucrats can't wait to get their hands on Bitcoin so they can continue to control every aspect of the financial industry. They can't afford to have any leaks in their data-collection boat. They've already got banks, credit card companies, Western Union, and everyone else working as their unpaid spy.
Now, just like they've been working to ban cash, they're chomping at the bit to exact their will on Bitcoin.
Only, they say they aren't. In a recent report put out by FinCEN, the government said it doesn't want to regulate the cryptocurrency. Then they went on to list a bunch of caveats and talk in vague terms about exceptions.
Knowing the track record of government overreach, I'd say their denial is about as compelling as the publicist who says their celebrity client wasn't driving drunk last night and isn't an alcoholic… 24 hours before said client checks into rehab to “find himself”.
Sure, regulation has attracted the masses to faulty fiat currencies, over-leveraged banks, and slave-like credit indebtedness. The average person sees a sign that says “FDIC Insured” and never thinks about how the government would pay depositors in the event of a total financial collapse. The average person wants to FEEL safe, not actually BE safe.
To them, watching the Kardashians is more important than keeping tabs on their money or questioning the system. If they're ever in a bind, they'll just demand the next greedy politician in line takes your money to give to them.
That's where Bitcoin comes in. It was created for people who don't trust the system. People who are tired of bozos in Washington or Brussels devaluing everything they own.
So what if some people are buying drugs with it? Assuming that I even believe the government has nothing better to do than hunt down guys smoking a joint in their backyard, you're merely treating the symptoms, not the causes.
Big Government is great at that. It creates one BS law, then finds it can't enforce it or gets lazy, and enacts another law to do its dirty work in enforcing the first one.
For the same reason I don't want to hand out traffic tickets to drivers going 42 in a 35 because they MAY have caused an accident, I don't want government to get its paws on Bitcoin because somebody MAY be breaking one of their silly drug laws.
Once you give them the power, it will come back to haunt you. If some guy too busy dribbling hot sauce on their beer belly during NFL Sunday won't use Bitcoin because they want the government to have too much power, then let them use Federal Reserve Notes.
Sometimes you just have to leave some people behind.
Image copyright Orphans City Image caption Eighteen children will live in each two-storey villa at Orphans City
Turkey has opened a vast centre dedicated to housing and educating orphans from war-torn Syria.
The complex, in the south-eastern border town of Reyhanli, will house 990 children in what Turkish media say is a cosy, home environment.
They will live in 55 villas and have access to four schools, a mosque, a playground and a sports arena.
The centre was built in less than two years as a co-operative project between Turkey's government and two aid groups.
The United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) estimates that six million children have been affected by the six-year conflict in Syria.
More than 2.3 million have fled the country and are registered as refugees.
Turkey currently hosts more than 800,000 school-aged Syrian children, of whom only about 60% were enrolled in schools at the start of the academic year.
Orphans City was built with the help of the Turkish pro-government IHH Humanitarian Relief Foundation and Qatar's Sheikh Thani bin Abdullah Foundation for Humanitarian Services (RAF).
Its website says it aims to help rehabilitate the "war-related psychological problems and traumas" of Syrian orphans, particularly those living on the streets.
Eighteen children will live in each two-storey villa along with a "caretaker" and will study at the two primary and two secondary schools built inside the complex.
Another 5,000 children not living in Orphans City will reportedly benefit from services and facilities at the complex.
The U.S. Department of Transportation today turned down a $76 million request for new highway ramps off of Interstate 95 to benefit the sprawling Port Covington redevelopment proposed by Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank.
Matthew Clark, a spokesperson for Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, confirmed the rejection, blaming the Democratic Obama administration for “overlooking Baltimore by withholding federal assistance” for the FASTLANE application sought by Sagamore Development, Plank's real estate arm.
Exactly where the rejection leaves Under Armour, Sagamore, Plank and Baltimore City Hall, which has vigorously supported the developer's plans, is too early to say.
Sagamore has sought an expedited schedule for City Council approval of $660 million worth of tax increment (TIF) bonds in order to win federal and state funding, while Baltimore's chief development officer, William F. Cole, has stated that securing TIF funds is dependent on Sagamore receiving federal and state aid.
Application in April
The Maryland Transportation Authority applied for the FASTLANE grant on behalf of Sagamore last April, pledging $33 million in state funds to match federal aid for Phase 1 of the improvements.
At the same time, the Baltimore Development Corporation, headed by Cole, allocated $43 million in proposed TIF funding for Phase 1 improvements. Sagamore itself would supply only $5 million, or 3%, of the total $157 million sought.
Even though the city and state, along with the Maryland Congressional delegation, supported of the application, it was considered a long shot both because of the number of competing projects nationwide and its peripheral role in achieving the federal goal of promoting “national shipping, transportation and port efficiencies.”
The ramp improvements would mostly expedite auto traffic to and from the proposed residential and office complex at Port Covington – as well as the new headquarters of Under Armour – rather than serve port industries directly.
Competing with this application was a second Maryland proposal for $155 million in FASTLANE aid to help fund the enlargement of the Howard Street railroad tunnel to allow double-stack container trains to move through Baltimore to port terminals.
This application was also rejected today by the U.S. Transportation Department.
"Thomas More said sometimes your own self-righteousness can get in the way of spiritual progress. I decided it was time to change. Twenty-two years of tofu is a lot of time. . . . I wanted to go to Wrigley Field and eat a hot dog."
—Paul Obis, founder of Vegetarian Times, telling the Reader why they went back to meat
click to enlarge
Farewell to a one and only
Jon-Henri Damski wasn't the only person honored by the City Council on Wednesday, June 4. They are, however, the only person honored while holding a book called The Invention of Sodomy in Christian Theology . . .
The other honorees included a recently departed bureaucrat from the Department of Streets and Sanitation; two west-side teenagers who had heroically rescued someone from a fire; Alfred Abramowicz, an elderly priest from the southeast side; and poet Gwendolyn Brooks, who was about to celebrate their 80th birthday . . .
As their resolution was read before the City Council on June 4, someone motioned for Damski to move to the side of the chambers to pose for a photo with Mayor Daley.
Whereas, Jon-Henri Damski is the scribe of New Town, telling the stories of Chicago's lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered communities; and . . .
"How're you doing, Jon?" asked the mayor.
Whereas, Jon-Henri Damski writes with integrity and honesty, never compromising the truth as they see it, never hiding behind the myth of objectivity; and . . .
"Quite a day, Mr. Mayor," Damski said. "Priests, poets, and perverts."
Whereas, Jon-Henri Damski is an omnivore of the mind who devours new ideas in literature, music, film, and theater, and is expert in everything from Greek myth to heavy metal; and . . .
Daley smirked. Bernie Hansen, who was also posing for the picture, had to back away. They were laughing too hard.
From "Queer Thinker," by Neal Pollack. Damski died five months later.
Progress and its inconveniences
click to enlarge
About five years ago I had sex with this guy I met at a party. In the bathroom of their apartment I noticed a dozen bottles of pills—all familiar AIDS meds. The fact that they had AIDS wasn't an issue and didn't cause me anxiety, as we didn't do anything unsafe. The sex was fine, but the events before and after were weird, and we didn't speak to each other again. When we would find ourselves standing next to each other in a bar or in line at the grocery store we would pretend not to recognize each other. At those times I would comfort myself by thinking, "Well, he'll be dead soon, and I won't have to deal with this bullshit anymore." And when I did stop seeing them around I assumed he'd died.
Then two weeks ago, at four in the morning, in another time zone, my friend Dave and I were eating pancakes in an all-night restaurant when in walks the guy. We gave each other a look-not that pleasant didn't-you-rim-me-once-nice-to-see-ya nod, but a dark "you again." It was awkward and uncomfortable, and all I could think as we sat there eating was, "Jesus Christ, why aren't you dead?" I felt cheated. Of all the people who'd survived, why him? Now, according to Time and Newsweek, they might live a long life, which could result in the two of us running into each other again and again for 30 years.
From "Death Takes a Holiday: Welcome to the end of the AIDS crisis. No one said it was going to be pretty," by Dan Savage. [Feb 14] The Reader had picked up Savage Love a couple of years earlier, after editors debated whether to publish any sex columnist at all, and, if so, whether we should find our own Dan Savage. But there were no facsimiles, only the original.
Fun fact
No author has been translated into any one language as many times as Homer has been recast into ours. Christian industry has given everybody a Bible in their own tongue, but the English and their tribe have been drawn to Homer, as a writer, more often than they have been to God himself. —Michael Solot, "Epic Update"
Its finally happening guys, Maxwell is coming, and about damn time too. Everything has fallen into place and the launches of the Geforce GTX 980 and Geforce GTX 970 are expected by the end of this event. Leaked documents by Videocardz state that the NDA lift happens on the 19th which is about the same time the Game 24 event (scheduled on the 18th of September) comes to an end.
Nvidia Geforce GTX 980 and Geforce GTX 970 Launching At ‘Game 24' Event
Nvidia is definitely planning to go big with the Maxwell launch because the “Game 24” event is a 24 hour event. It is scheduled to begin at 9.18.14 at 6PM PDT. The event will be live streamed is available and you can sign up for the event over at the Game 24 Signup Page. Since if you add 24 Hours to this event you will pass the NDA lift date, I will assume that this is the event that Nvidia finally launches its GM204 flagships (and maybe, just maybe, GM200 too, who knows). Taking a quote from the page, here is what Nvidia has to say about the same:
“NVIDIA and the PC Gaming industry are kicking off an unprecedented 24-hour event. The goal of this event is simple – to celebrate this thing we all love called PC gaming. It will be packed with exclusive content, developer interviews, game reveals, give-aways, and more.
We'll travel the globe to physical events in Los Angeles, Shanghai, Stockholm, London, and other locations.—as well as to virtual stages around the world—to bring you 24 hours of PC gaming entertainment. Tune in to the livestream, join our physical events, and make sure you're ready to game.” The event will take place primarily in Los Angeles, London and Shanghai with mirror events happening in Chicago, Indianapolis, Mission Viejo and Stockholm. Needless to say we are looking at a huge global launch from Green with Game 24.
So that's all the info so far about the event. Now an overview on the Geforce 900 Series. The 900 Series was actually speculated upon when we first published the existence of the mobility GPUs under the 9xx nomenclature. Recently the final leak came through that set everything in stone: Nvidia has decided to skip the 800 Series for reasons unkown and use the Geforce 900 Series Nomenclature instead. I have this really insane theory that maybe Green has 20nm GPUs and it decided to skip 800 because it was so associated with 28nm. However, if we stick to what the actual leaks state so far the flagships will contain the GM204 GPU on the 28nm process. They will be called GTX 980 and GTX 970. Previous rumors put the Geforce GTX 980 at the $499 Price Point and the Geforce GTX 970 at the $399 price point. Though this seems to defy Nvidia-logic in my opinion, I will keep my peace on this for the time being. Finally, make sure to tune in on the Game 24 Live Stream (or our live blog if we get the opportunity to cover it) to witness the launch of one of the most awaited architectures of all time.
CHENNAI: The 376-run Rahul Dravid-VVS Laxman partnership at the Eden Gardens against Australia in 2001 is said to have changed the course of Indian cricket. But Dravid, who scored 180 batting at No. 6, never watches clippings of that innings."I have a DVD of that particular Test at my home, but never watch it. I get embarrassed watching Laxman bat. The clippings were played today and when I saw Laxman hit a Shane Warne delivery which was way outside leg-stump towards covers - it made me feel inadequate as a cricketer," Dravid told a packed audience at the Madras Cricket Club (MCC) on Monday evening.The event, which had numerous former cricketers and members in attendance, saw the two legends being conferred with the honorary membership of the MCC.Just as it was during their playing days, the Laxman-Dravid combo was at full flourish on Monday. "Before coming for this programme, I was informed that I would have to wear formals. And I had packed only T-shirts and jeans since I am coaching the India 'A' side. So who do I call in to get a tie and jacket that will fit me? Laxman, of course. I sent an SOS to him, and here I am wearing a stylish blazer and tie. Whenever the team has needed him, they have been there," Dravid said.Laxman, who walked in next, labeled Dravid as an embodiment of grit and determination. "He has always been an inspiration for me. I am pleased that they have taken up the job of mentoring the U-19 and India 'A' and would wish to see them do so with the senior side in the near future," said Laxman.
That there Star Wars: The Force Awakens was fun, wasn't it? No, I shan't spoil anything – though Adam, Alec, and Pip chatted about it if you want to know what Team RPS think. Me, I liked the bits where the robots and carpetman all made funny noises. I laughed every time. They really good! If your feelings for Star Wars run deeper, if you consider yourself a Warrer (or even a Warrie, bless your heart), you may be pleased to hear you'll soon get to play with spaceballs. Two Force Awakens DLC tables are coming to Pinball FX2 [official site] next week, see.
As developers Zen Studios explain on their blog, one table will see Rey and chums travelling around fighting the First Order, while the other has Kylo Ren and pals crushing their enemies, seeing them driven before them, and hearing the lamentations of their women. Like the earlier Star Wars tables, these have all sorts of scenes and sounds and things from the movie.
The tables are due around the 12th. Two-table packs usually cost £3.99. Here, have a peek in this trailer:
Here's a little-known Star Wars fact for you: when composer John Williams returned for the prequels, disillusioned with the whole thing, they wrote new lyrics for that famous main theme. Here's how the chorus should go, sung by a seventy-strong choir:
Star Wars!
Nothing but Star Wars!
Everywhere, Star Wars!
Look, it's okay
George Lucas caught this shortly the final cut, and chased Williams off Skywalker Ranch waving a newspaper, but seventeen cinemas in Idaho somehow ended up with this version of The Phantom Menace. Sixteen copies are known to have been literally eaten by George Lucas, but rumours persist about that final reel…
Is the Son of God Still a Human Being? A Meditation on the Incarnation
I don't remember when it first occurred to me that the majority of American Christians seem to think the incarnation was temporary, a mere interim in the eternal existence of the Son of God, the Word, the Logos, the Second Person of the Trinity. Early in my career of teaching Christian theology to undergraduates (seventeen years at two Christian institutions of higher learning) I discovered that most of my students assumed that, to put it crassly, Jesus “dropped” their humanity at their ascension (if not before). Now, they believed, they are back in their purely spiritual existence with the Father and the Holy Spirit as they were before they were born in Bethlehem. Now, they believed, they are no longer a man, the man who died on the cross, but a super-spiritual, omnipresent, being who is not limited in any ways. After all, they argued, they live in all Christians' hearts, doesn't he?
When I probed students about this belief they gave many answers. First was the one mentioned above. How can a human being live in all our hearts? Second, “humanity” is sinful, so how can God be human? Third, after their resurrection they walked through walls, so they couldn't have been human anymore. Fourth, if he's still a man, how can they identify with women and how can women have fellowship with him? (This last question was usually raised by women students, of course.)
This is just a sampling of the reasons students gave for believing that the incarnation was temporary and that the Son of God is no longer a particular man, a human being. And these reasons were expressed in many different ways, but most came down to a version of one of these.
At the same time, the same students tended to “eternalize” Jesus into the immanent Trinity. That is, they often referred to the pre-incarnate Son of God, if not God themselves in general, as “Jesus.” The word “God” and the name “Jesus” were simply interchangeable in their talk about God. Somehow they managed to separate the name “Jesus” from the humanity of the Son of God and of Mary and apply it to divinity in general.
Well, we expect these confusions to appear among fifth graders in Sunday School. It's common, garden variety Sunday School theology. But somewhere along the way, during my catechesis as a young evangelical, I shed these ideas and came to believe in the incarnation as an event in time (and in the life of God!) and as permanent.
I suspect, however, that somewhere along the way, during the 1960s through the 1990s and until now, most churches have abdicated their responsibility to teach Christian young people doctrine and theology. Over the years of teaching theology to Christian undergraduates I noticed a decline in their knowledge of basic Christian belief which is one reason I wrote The Mosaic of Christian Belief. I had students who grew up in pastors' and missionaries' homes declaring they had never heard of the bodily resurrection before and accusing me of introducing novel ideas when all I was doing was introducing them to basic Christian orthodoxy!
This is what I call the dominance of folk religion or folk theology in American Christianity. Eventually I wrote a whole book about it entitled Questions to All Your Answers: The Journey from Folk Religion to Examined Faith.
One item of folk religion is the belief among Christians that the incarnation was temporary—a mere interim and perhaps even a charade in the life of the Son of God, God's Word, the Logos. For many evangelicals (and others, I suspect), the incarnation was simply the Son of God “putting on human skin” for thirty-some years in order to teach us how to please God and then to die for our sins. Either at the moment of their death or at their resurrection or at their ascension they shed that human skin and returned to their glorious pre-incarnation existence as God's purely spiritual Son in heaven who also, somehow, dwells in every Christian's heart.
This is, of course, an informal form of the ancient heresy of Gnosticism. It is a docetic Christology. Most of the time I find that people who believe the incarnation was temporary don't really believe in the incarnation at all! That is, they tend to think of Jesus' humanity as an act, an outward performance, not a real human nature and existence like ours. To many Christians “Jesus” was Clark Kent to the Son of God's super-human glory.
Why is this wrong? That is, why is it wrong to think the incarnation of the Son of God was temporary and that Jesus is no longer human (if they ever really was)?
First, it flies in the face of Scripture. 1 Timothy 2:5—”one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus.” The tense is present. The Gospels clearly present the crucified and risen Lord Jesus Christ as human. They ate food. They had scars. And yet the angel told the disciples at their ascension that this same Jesus Christ would come back just as they saw them go. A glorified human, yes, but still human. And according to Paul in 1 Corinthians 15 we will be like them in that glorious state of resurrected humanity.
I fear that much American Christianity is very weak on the incarnation. We celebrate Jesus' birth, but do we really understand what this event was? I doubt it. It was, according to Scripture and the Great Tradition of Christian orthodoxy, God taking on our humanity forever. It was God adopting our lowly existence as their own in order to bridge the gap between them and us. It was the beginning of the dying of death, the conquering of sin and death, the union of God with creation. It was the “great exchange” in which, as the ancient church fathers put it, God became what we are so that we might become what they are (theosis)—that we might share in their divine nature (2 Peter 1:4).
This is classical Christianity. Sure, it includes mystery. The incarnation is, in some ways, the ultimate mystery. It raises many unanswerable questions—at least unanswerable for us now (e.g., What does Jesus eat now?). One is sometimes tempted to go Augustine's route when skeptics raise these questions and insist on answers. To the Manicheans who asked what God was doing before they created the world the North African bishop said “He was creating hell for those who peer into their mysteries.”
Somehow American Christianity (and I suspect Christianity in many places) needs to rediscover the Bible and basic Christian orthodoxy. The great irony is that we fight a “war” over Christmas with secularists while neglecting our own Christian belief about the incarnation, allowing it to slowly fade away into a bland, overly spiritualized, modern Gnosticism.
IVy is a tool for specifying, modeling, implementing and verifying protcols. IVy is intended to allow interactive development of protocols and their proofs of correctness and to provide a platform for developing and experimenting with automated proof techniques. In particular, IVy provides interactive visualization of automated proofs, and supports a use model in which the human protocol designer and the automated tool interact to expose errors and prove correctness.
IVy has two primary design goals: to be as transparent as possible, and to produce design artifacts that are useful even to engineers who may lack the skills or resources needed to construct formal proofs.
Transparency
The research community has developed many impressive automated tools for formal proof. For example, SMT solvers such as Microsoft's Z3 can check the validity of formulas in various logics and can even generate inductive invariants. Because these tools are heuristic in nature, however, they fail in ways that are unpredictable and often not understandable by a human user. To reduce this problem, Ivy relies on interactive visualization, decidable logics and modularity
Interactive visualization
Ivy constructs inductive invariants interactively, using visualization techniques. When there is a problem in the proof, it searches for a simple scenario to explain the problem and displays it graphically, highlighting possibly relevant facts. Users can combine their intuition with automated generalization techniques to refine the proof. This approach can greatly reduce the human time needed to construct a proof.
Decidable logics and modularity
A logic is decidable if there is a algorithm that can determine the truth of any formula. In practice, using decidable logics makes proof automation more reliable and repeatable. It also makes it possible to give transparent explanations of proof failures.
IVy's language is designed to make it practical to reduce all proof obligations to statements in decidable logics. It provides primitives to support modeling in decidable logics, and also modular refinement techniques the makes it possible to separate the verification effort into local, decidable problems. For example, we can verify a protocol at a high level assuming that a given abstract type is totally ordered, then implement that abstract type using bit vectors or integers.
Design artifacts
Another key focus of Ivy is to produce composable specifications that can be used as a reference by designers and for rigorous testing of designs. Ivy supports specifications that are both composable and temporal. This means that if all components locally satisfy their specifications, we know that the system as a whole correctly implements its high-level semantics. Moreover, each component's specification can be used independently to test and verify that component.
From composable specifications, Ivy can generate test benches and tests oracles that can be used to test design components rigorously against their specifications. Such testers can reveal latent bugs in component implementations that do not appear in integration tests or ad-hoc unit testing.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders is one of two independents in the Senate. Now, the self-described socialist says they may run for president.
Sanders is aligned with Senate Democrats, but they have spoken lately of a problem with the Democratic coalition that elected President Obama. They say working-class white voters have abandoned Democrats in large numbers. The party, they say, has "not made it clear that they are prepared to stand with the working-class people of this country, take on the big money interests."
NPR's Steve Inskeep sat down with Sanders in their office and talked about the senator's plan for the middle class, how they say the Democratic Party lost its way, and American action against the Islamic State.
Interview Highlights
On what the Democrats should learn from their midterm election defeat
To see where the Democratic Party is, I think, it's important to understand where America is. And where America is, is that today we are seeing the collapse, the continued collapse, of the American middle class. You have working-class families who have given up the dream of sending their kids to college. My family never had any money. My father came ... from Poland without a nickel in their pocket. They were able to send two of their kids to college. That dream is now not a reality for a whole lot of folks in this country.
And then people look out and they say, "Gee, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well." And where are the Democrats? Do people see the Democratic Party standing up to Wall Street? Any of these guys going to jail? Not really. The average person is working longer hours, lower wages, and they do not see any political party standing up and fighting for their rights. What they see is a Republican Party becoming extremely right wing, controlled by folks like the Koch brothers. But they do not see a party representing the working class of this country.
On why they say Democrats are losing white voters
Well, I am focusing on the fact that whether you're white or black or Hispanic or Asian, if you are in the working class, you are struggling to keep your heads above water. You're worried about your kids. What should the Democratic Party be talking about, Steve? What they should be talking about is a massive federal jobs program. There was once a time when our nation's infrastructure — roads, bridges, water systems, rail — were the envy of the world. Today that's no longer the case.
I would say if you go out on the street and you talk to people and say, "Which is the party of the American working class?" People would look to you like you were a little bit crazy, they wouldn't know what you were talking about, and they certainly wouldn't identify the Democrats.
On African-American support for Democrats
Well, here's what you got. What you got is an African-American president, and the African-American community is very, very proud that this country has overcome racism and voted for them for president. And that's kind of natural. You've got a situation where the Republican Party has been strongly anti-immigration, and you've got a Hispanic community which is looking to the Democrats for help.
But that's not important. You should not be basing your politics based on your color. What you should be basing your politics on is, how is your family doing? ... In the last election, in state after state, you had an abysmally low vote for the Democrats among white, working-class people. And I think the reason for that is that the Democrats have not made it clear that they are prepared to stand with the working-class people of this country, take on the big money interests. I think the key issue that we have to focus on, and I know people are uncomfortable about talking it, is the role of the billionaire class in American society.
On why Americans are uncomfortable talking about the 'billionaire class'
Because they fund organizations like NPR and the media in general. Because they make huge campaign contributions, to politics, to politicians of all stripes.
On the U.S. approach to battling the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq
I think the president is ... moving us in the right direction. My own view is that if we're gonna be successful in defeating this brutal organization called ISIS, what needs to happen is that the people in the region, the Muslim nations, are gonna have to take the responsibility of leading that effort. It cannot be the United States of America. In many ways I think that's exactly what ISIS wants. They want this to be a war of the United States versus ISIS, of the West versus the east, of Christianity versus Islam. What has got to happen is countries like Saudi Arabia which, by the way, has the fourth-largest defense budget in the world ... they're gonna have to step up to the plate and take the leadership in fighting ISIS.
Copyright 2018 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
RENEE MONTAGNE, HOST:
Senator Bernie Sanders is thinking of running for president. He's thinking that even though Democrats just got clobbered in a midterm election.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Sanders is an Independent, a socialist aligned with Senate Democrats.
SENATOR BERNIE SANDERS: We just went through a campaign. What was really distressing about this campaign is we learned that one candidate for the Senate could shoot a gun better than the other. We learned that one candidate for the Senate knew how to castrate pigs. These are terribly important issues. But maybe it might be more important to talk about why the middle class is disappearing in America and why we have so much income and wealth inequality.
INSKEEP: We met Senator Sanders in their Senate office yesterday. Lawmakers were preparing a vote on the Keystone XL pipeline, which they are firmly against. Sanders is less clear on running for president. They say they could try as an Independent or in Democratic primaries. They admit he'd be a long shot. He's spoken lately of a problem with the Democratic coalition that elected President Obama. That diverse coalition has a flip side. Sanders says working-class, white voters have abandoned Democrats in vast numbers.
What, if anything, should Democrats learn from their election defeat this month?
SANDERS: Well, you're asking my view as an Independent from outside of the Democratic Party.
INSKEEP: Sure.
SANDERS: And I think to see where the Democratic Party is, is, I think, it's important to understand where America is. And where America is, is that, today, we are seeing the collapse - the continued collapse of the American middle class. You have working-class families who have given up the dream of sending their kids to college. My family never had any money. My father came from Poland without a nickel in their pocket. They were able to send two of their kids to college. That dream is now not a reality for a whole lot of folks in this country.
INSKEEP: What are the Democrats missing about that?
SANDERS: Wow, good question. Then people look out, and they say, gee, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well. And where are the Democrats? Do people see the Democratic Party standing up to Wall Street? Any of these guys going to jail? Not really. The average person, working longer hours, low wages and they do not see any political party standing up and fighting for their rights. What they see is a Republican Party becoming extremely right-wing, controlled by folks like the Koch brothers. But they do not see a party representing the working class of this country.
INSKEEP: When you say the working class, are you thinking about the white working class specifically?
SANDERS: I'm thinking about the working class in general. When you talk about unemployment, do you know what real unemployment is? In counting those people who have given up for looking for work and are working part-time, when they want to work full-time. For African-American kids, it is 30 percent. Who is fighting for these folks?
INSKEEP: Here's why I ask about the white working class. Of course, President Obama has assembled a coalition that depends heavily on minority voters. You have argued in the past that Democrats are losing too much of the white vote. There were states in Senate races in November where Democrats couldn't even get 25 percent of the white vote.
SANDERS: That's correct.
INSKEEP: Why have you been focusing on that?
SANDERS: Well, I am focusing on the fact that, whether you're white or black or Hispanic or Asian, if you are in the working class, you are struggling to keep your heads above water. You're worried about your kids. What should the Democratic Party talking about, Steve? What they should be talking about is a massive federal jobs program. There was once a time when our nation's infrastructure - roads, bridges, water systems, rail - were the envy of the world. Today, that's no longer the case.
INSKEEP: Haven't Democrats been raising some of these issues...
SANDERS: Yes.
INSKEEP: ...And weren't they raising them in the election that they just lost?
SANDERS: Some candidates did raise some of these issues. But I don't think you see the kind of forceful development of this idea and forceful need to raise the issue about job creation that we should be talking about. I would say, if you go out on the street and you talk to people and say, which is the party of the American working pass - class - people would look to you like you're a little bit crazy. They wouldn't know what you're talking about, and they certainly wouldn't identify the Democrats.
INSKEEP: Help me understand what's going on here though because you have mentioned the white vote in the past. The African-American working class has been voting for Democrats. If you looked at single women, who were often working class...
SANDERS: You're going into this - Steve, you're going into this demographic stuff, which I reject. That's not my cup of tea.
INSKEEP: Although, you talked about it.
SANDERS: Yes. Well, here's what you got. What you got is an African-American president. And the African-American community is very, very proud that this country has overcome racism and voted for them for president. And that's kind of natural. You got a situation where the Republican Party has been strongly anti-immigration. And you've got a Hispanic community, which is looking to the Democrats for help. But that's not important. You should not be basing your politics based on your color. What you should be basing your politics on is, how is your family doing?
And your point is well taken. In the last election, in state after state, you had an abysmally low vote for the Democrats among white, working-class people. And I think the reason for that is that the Democrats have not made it clear that they are prepared to stand with the working people of this country, take on the big money interest. I think the key issue that we have to focus on - I know people are uncomfortable about talking it - is the role of the billionaire class in American society.
INSKEEP: Why are people uncomfortable in your view?
SANDERS: Because they fund organizations like NPR and the media in general, because they make huge campaign contributions to politics of politicians of all stripes.
INSKEEP: If I might, you're on NPR. I've seen you on CNN.
SANDERS: Yes.
INSKEEP: You get your voice out. Are you being drowned out?
SANDERS: No, I'm doing pretty well lately as a matter of fact. But that's because I've given thought to running for president.
INSKEEP: That's Vermont's Senator Bernie Sanders. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Following Ida's Oscar win for Best Foreign Language Film, Poles ruminate over their role in the Holocaust and an Israeli group weighs in on the importance of restitution.
Pawel Pawlikowski's film Ida's Oscar win on Sunday has sparked a debate about the role of Poland in WWII and the relationship between Poles and Jews since then.
"It shows history in a distorting mirror, and portrays Poles as anti-Semites. This is a false image. Germans were the anti-Semites, Germans committed the mass murders," historian Tadeusz Pluzanski told Polish news daily wPolityce. "The world again saw and awarded a film which shows Poles in an unfavorable light. This is a pedagogy of shame which we have been fed for a long time, and which we impose on ourselves."
The film, which portrays a Polish woman who is aspiring to be a nun in the 1960s Poland, has a scene in which their birth parents and brother are killed by a Polish man during WWII, who then acquires their farm. In Israel, the film received a fitting response.
"Poland is the only major country in Eastern Europe that has not passed legislation to address the loss of Holocaust-era property. Hundreds of thousands of Jewish homes were simply taken and no compensation ever paid," Chair of Operations for the Jewish Restitution Organization, Gideon Taylor wrote in the Times of Israel. "Yet Poland was alone among [Eastern bloc] countries in not addressing the issue in any kind of national framework."
In January the Polish Anti-Defamation League, a Polish nationalist group which seeks to "protect the good name" of Poles and Poland, circulated a petition against the film, demanding that the director added contextual captions that explain that Poles were also mass-murdered during WWII and that many Poles sheltered Jews from Nazis.
MARK Thompson says there is no guarantee they will be at Essendon in 2014.
And if the two-time Geelong premiership coach does remain at the Bombers, they definitely won't be replacing James Hird as senior coach.
Thompson has ruled out coaching because they think the players deserve a person who is totally committed to doing the job properly and they can't guarantee being that person.
And they will wait to see what arrangements the club puts in place for next season before they are able to give a guarantee they will remain in football.
However, they are happy to help if there is a suitable role for him.
"It depends on who they select as coach and where they see me fit, if they do," Thompson told Fox Footy's AFL360.
"I certainly want to help the club if they think I can help. If the players think that I can play a role I will do it."
Thompson said their initial interest in coaching for 12 months while Hird was suspended was driven by anger, but the reality of what the job entailed soon hit home.
"It's a lot of things. We went through a big year and I think the players deserve someone who is going to be fully into it. They deserve the best chance they can get of playing their best footy," Thompson said.
"I'm not sure I can [be that person]. I feel better but I have been through a tough year, a really tough year ... we felt so lonely inside our own club at times last year"
Thompson eventually agreed to a $30,000 fine for their role in the supplements scandal after contesting the charge.
"It was never my plan to coach again. This is an absolutely extraordinary situation, isn't it, with a coach being suspended for 12 months," they said.
Hird's 12-month suspension will end on August 26, 2014.
Thompson's withdrawal means Essendon remains in the race for a new senior coach for 2014 before Hird returns.
Most expect it to be an Essendon person although the club may want to seek an external candidate to ensure a fresh approach is taken following a disastrous 2013.
How to Make a Great Drama Podcast
Wooden Overcoats Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 8, 2016
“Hey, I've had this idea for an audio doodaa. Can I pick your brains?”
All of us in the Wooden Overcoats production team have at some point or other been asked this question, or a variation. We're very happy to talk and give advice wherever we can.
Freya Parker, Pip Gladwin, Kieran Hodgson | Photograph by Lars Thornhill
If you reckon the podcast drama (or sitcom) game is for you, here's a guide to get you started.
TEAM
So it's just you? A couple of you? Great start. What do you bring to the table? Are you a writer? A director? An actor? Are you several of those in one? Work out what pieces of the puzzle you're missing and go looking for them. The more people you have dedicated to specific aspects of your production, the higher quality you'll achieve and the less stress you'll take on. The extra members of your team will bring new ideas and new ambitions to help the project grow and strengthen. Listen to them! At the very least you want:
A writer
An actor
A director
An editor
On Wooden Overcoats, we have a bit of crossover. Tom Crowley plays Eric Chapman but is also an experienced playwright. They therefore contributes to the writing team. Andy Goddard and John Wakefield both direct and edit. During the recording, they take turns to either be on the floor with the actors or in the booth listening to how it's coming out.
The booth | Photograph by Lars Thornhill
Just for recording Season 1, we had:
26 actors
10 musicians and a composer
5 writers
1 studio engineer
1 recording engineer for the musicians (who were recorded separately in York)
2 directors
1 script supervisor
2 runners
1 photographer
Everybody's contribution was recognised and we are continually grateful to them for joining us on no more than travel and food expenses — expenses which we worked hard to fundraise. People agreed upfront to lend us a hand because they believed in the project and we did everything we could to recognise their work. Now that we have a wider reach, it's our job to pay a fair wage to anyone involved in future work which is why we're running a Kickstarter. When employing creatives, don't fall for the trap of offering work for “exposure”. If they help you out on a shoestring budget, remember that they're doing you a favour, not the other way round.
FACILITIES
Where are you recording? Your bedroom? A high-tech sound studio? A closet? What are you recording on? How many microphones? How many kinds of microphones? How many spaces? Indoors or out?
If, when building your team, you brought on someone who knows their way around sound recording, here's where it pays dividends. Sound is tricky. But a good producer who knows their equipment will turn an empty room into a creaking schoolroom, a 1900s ballet, the early Cretaceous, Camelot… all on a fraction of the cost it would take to do film. This is the beauty of sound.
Radio drama studios are expensive to hire. Our approach was to repurpose a music studio — you can read all about how we did that here. For the Madeleine narration, we used an audiobook studio. Great for single voice narrative work, much harder to adapt to full cast interaction.
Belinda Lang's narration was recorded in an audiobook studio | Photograph by Lars Thornhill
You might forego studios altogether. On-location work can work wonders for creating a rich soundscape. There's less control, so preplanning is your friend. Just like in film, a day of location scouting before you record will pay dividends. Are you country based? Where can you find a quiet spot that's not too often disturbed by ramblers? Are you set in the past? Watch out for flight paths. Nothing says This is Not 1544 like an aeroplane holding pattern.
If you've found a place, on-location radio recording is one of the most liberating and natural ways to create a drama. It's like a TV shoot, except the actors don't have to hit their marks but do as they feel is right, followed around by a silent-footed producer and a Zoom mic.
On location with Andy Goddard, Chris Keyna, Eleanor Rushton and Beth Eyre
RECORDING PROCESS
Welcome to recording day. You've been planning, writing, making spreadsheets for months… and here it is: the fun bit.
This will go differently for everyone. Whether in theatre, film, TV, video game, corporate work… everybody has a different style and different ways they like to work.
Here's what you can do to make that easier: respect it.
You've gathered a team of professionals to work with you so let them do their job to the best of their ability. Work together to create the best thing possible. Are you directing? Mould and shape, don't berate and dictate. Are you acting? Listen to what's being told, play the moment… all the usual stuff. Are you a writer? It's probably all done by now so have a cocktail! But maybe you're there to check for lines that don't quite work, or maybe you have a loose, improvisational style… be flexible, have fun.
Steve Hodson, Elle McAlpine, Catriona Knox | Photograph by Lars Thornhill
There are some generals that can help everyone. Be professional. Be structured. Have a plan and let people know what time they are expected until (be reasonable about this — “you might be needed 10 AM to 10 PM” isn't reasonable, “you will be needed 10 AM to 6 PM with a lunch break at 1 PM and we're going for drinks after, do you want to come?” is).
And don't stress. This is what you worked towards. Enjoy it.
BUILD YOUR AUDIENCE
Remember those months before recording? The Grrrrriiiiiind of getting it all into place. Welcome to Grind 2! If you're working on an ongoing podcast, this will coincide with recording, and schedules will be your greatest ally. If it's series based, now's the time to switch from producing mode to promotion mode. Ideally, when building your team, look for people with different skillsets for this eventuality. Let your writers get on with the writing, your promoters get on with the promoting… so that everyone is used to the best of their ability and, most importantly, everyone gets a break! Know someone who's great with Photoshop? Grab 'em. Someone who has good social media presence or is unafraid to chat to the press? Yoink.
In building an audience, it's time to step outside of the box and go for a Wonder. The podcast drama movement is young. There are no established rules. What do you think might work? Give it a go. Don't worry too much about whether it will work or not, just keep trying stuff and see what sticks. How many demographics do you appeal to? How can you contact them? Is the fact that your product has the word podcast in it a positive or will it alienate a group who might otherwise like what you're offering?
Make sure your online presence is clear and attractive, then go on the exposure offensive. If people don't know you exist, they won't listen to you. How are you going to tell them? Live shows? Flyering? Guesting at gigs? What connections do you have with local interest groups? Your eventual goal is for others to do the promoting for you by word of mouth, but that's going to take a lot of your time. If you've got a great product, take however much time you spent making it and now spend the same time promoting it.
Photograph by Lars Thornhill, Editing and Logo by Sam Edwards
TAKE THE DRAMA OUT
Podcast drama is a brilliant medium to start working in. It's one of the most immediate forms of bringing work to audience. If you're tempted to start, find out what and who's out there. Don't be fooled into thinking you're making “old time radio”, people all over the world have been working steadily in audio drama since it started. If it doesn't have a big following where you are, find out where it does and learn what they're doing and how they're doing it — be part of that conversation.
And have fun.
Making games with a full-time job is an incredibly difficult challenge. they fact is that we all dream of becoming a full-time indie developer. But same as the majority of the people in our business, we must start with side projects while doing a full-time job. In this article, I want to give you what I usually do to complete my project while working as a full-time software developer.
The challenge
In the last two months, I've created a simple and minimal mobile game (Color Slide). It has been a difficult challenge because I had to manage my time very well. What I can say is that the most difficult things to do to develop a game with a full-time job are the following:
Stay focus Optimize your time (Don't waste your time) Kis (Keep it simple) Plan
Let's see how to overcome each one of these fields:
Stay focus
When developing a game with a full-time job, it's really easy to get distracted due to lack of time and forgetting about the project for months. My simple trick to overcome this problem is to force yourself to work on the project every day.
What I mean with this is that you should spend at least 10 minutes on your project even when you're very busy with your life/work. It is important to open and work on the project every day until it's done. If you have a task list, leave the most simple tasks for the more busy days. By doing so, you'll have a sense of accomplishment and progression, plus you'll avoid the risk of “forgetting” about the game for a long period of time.
If you have a task list, leave the most simple tasks for the more busy days. By doing so, you'll have a sense of accomplishment and progression, plus you'll avoid the risk of “forgetting” about the game for a long period of time.
If you have a task list, leave the most simple tasks for the more busy days. By doing so, you'll have a sense of accomplishment and progression, plus you'll avoid the risk of “forgetting” about the game for a long period of time.
Optimize your time
Do you spend one hour or more to go to work? Well at least make sure that your travel time is well spent. For example, you can use it to test your game, watch tutorials, study, etc.
Try to use the “dead time” to do something helpful for your game. Plus, you should use some basic technique to optimize your time and be productive as much as you can.
If you only have one or two hours a day to dedicate to the development of your game, at least make sure to get the most out of what you can from those hours. On that topic, we wrote a blog post about how to be productive in game dev.
If you can, use instruments like unity cloud build to save an incredible amount of time. If there is something that you can automate and in a short amount of time, then do it.
Kis: Keep it simple
Know your skills and be sure not to start with overcomplicated projects. Developing a game with a full-time job is already a challenge in itself.
If you add a very complicated project on top of that, the risk of failing is really high. So be sure to have the minimum skills required to complete your project within a reasonable amount of time. If you realise in the middle of the development that you aimed for an over-complicated project, then it's time to cut some features or start looking for help.
Plan
Plan in advance. Before starting to make your game, you should make a plan with a timeline that explains how much time you're going to dedicate for your project on a daily basis.
This is an important point because it'll give you the overall vision of the time investment needed to complete your game.
If from the plan, you see that the overall investment is too big, then it's time to reduce the scope of your project.
It is important to consider this before to starting to make the game.
Horror movies, we all love them, but we don't always know that some are based on actual events. Lets just hope none of this kind of stuff happens to any of us.
THE STRANGERS
The home invasion film is an amalgam of a childhood experience the director had with burglaries in their neighborhood as well as the story of the Manson Family murders.
THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, PSYCHO,
THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS AND A TON OF OTHER MOVIES
Advertisement
Ed Gein was a horrifying enough killer that they had a litany of famous movie psychos modeled in their image.
JAWS
The classic horror film was partly based on a run of shark attacks on the Jersey Shore in 1916 that drove thousands out of the water.
Advertisement
DRACULA
Though they (probably) didn't suck blood, Dracula is based on Vlad the Impaler, a Transylvanian Prince who had a way with their enemies (hence the name).
THE RITE
Advertisement
The supernatural exorcism-based flick is based on a book that details author Matt Baglio's training with the church in Rome and elsewhere. Although some “expected licenses” were taken, the author and filmmakers say that the movie was mostly based on fact.
FROM HELL
Though the details about their motives and identity is mostly just speculation, the movies (and before that, graphic novel) “From Hell” is based on Jack the Ripper and their very real killing spree across London.
Advertisement
OPEN WATER
The agoraphobic nightmare is based on the true story of an American couple that were left behind by a scuba diving group in Australia and never found again.
THE AMITYVILLE HORROR
Advertisement
The truth of George and Kathy Lutz's experiences in their Long Island home before fleeing after 28 days from supposed paranormal activity is something only they know, but the murders that occurred in it were very real. So are the 11 films based on the occurrences.
THE CONJURING
This recent supernatural flick is based on the investigators who brought the Amityville story to light. The movie is loosely based on their experiences with the unknown.
Advertisement
THE HILLS HAVE EYES
Wes Craven based their film on Sawney Bean, a Scottish head of a 16th century cannibalistic cult who murdered and ingested over 1,000 victims. The historical accuracy of Bean is still debated, but their legend has been a part of Edinburgh for centuries.
THE SERPENT AND THE RAINBOW
The trippy Bill Pullman movie is based on the book of the same name in which the author visited a real zombie in Haiti, who they discover is likely just a victim of a bunch of neurotoxins and local folklore.
For decades, Princess Leia has operated in the Star Wars universe under the Smurfette Principle. As the only female in the main cast until Mon Mothma came around (Mara Jade notwithstanding), they were the only role model in the series for girls to emulate. Or so we thought.
Meet the three unnamed female fighter pilots from Return of the Jedi. Two of these ladies were released with the avalanche of extras on the Star Wars Blu-ray and were originally part of the Rebel Squadrons fighting in the Battle of Endor. Both of them were A-Wing pilots.
The younger pilot, pictured above, even had a bit of dialogue. According to Star Wars Aficionado, their line "got it" was overdubbed with a male voice in post-production. Most interestingly, the second lady fighter pilot is elderly, leading one to wonder if they were a hardened lifelong rebel or a late joiner. Either way, it's one of the great untold stories of the series.
The third Rebel fighter pilot was played by Vivienne Chandler, pictured below, and they and one other female X-Wing pilot were filmed. Not only did they never make it past the cutting-room floor, they didn't even make it into the Blu-ray release. While Ms. Chandler had more than a page of dialogue, none of it made it into the final release.
There is no solid evidence as to why all of these women were ultimately cut, but fan theory holds it was because watching female pilots die would have been too disturbing for moviegoing audiences at the time. Instead, they were regulated to the background as officers… You can find them if you look hard and fast enough.
But for the most part, the Star Wars galaxy appears to have been struck with a strange affliction where women are either a) targeted by a deadly gender-specific illness or b) human sperm counts widely skewed male. Damn you, Midichlorians!
The standoff between government officials and right-wing extremists at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge has come to an end with a whimper and not the bang the militiamen, who used their time occupying this Oregon federal park bragging to whatever camera they could find about what tough guys they are, clearly hoped for. As a bonus, the FBI even bagged Cliven Bundy, the Nevada rancher whose unwillingness to pay the taxpayers for letting them graze their cattle on federal lands started this whole thing. They made a big stink about how they were going to Oregon to help the occupiers, which gave the FBI a chance to catch them unarmed coming off an airplane.
As I've noted before, the strategy of waiting them out has not only helped minimize bloodshed, but has likely prevented some future events like this. The more the occupiers talked, the more obvious it became that they were not fierce warriors ready to die for a noble cause, but a bunch of fantasists who, bitter because white Christian conservatives don't get the social deference they believe they deserve, have turned to conspiracy theories and other right wing argle-bargle in order to justify their sense that not being catered to is the same thing as being oppressed.
Advertisement:
The final 24 hours were key in sending the message to other right-wing nuts who are considering similar stunts that the only thing they'll get from that is the world laughing at you as your tough guy act crumples into a ball of gibberish and eventual surrender.
After the FBI surrounded the refuge, the four remaining militants inside started live streaming their reaction, and what came out of them was so embarrassing that it beat anything a satirist trying to make fun of them could write.
Slate's Jacob Brogan live-tweeted the stream, and what struck them right away was "the combination of ideological incoherence and aggressive uncertainty." They refused to recognize the authority of federal agents on federal land, as if wishing hard enough would make it go away. Their chatter suggested they "are intellectually and ideologically incommensurable even to one another".
"All they seem to share are abstract reference points: guns, liberty, tyranny. No collective notion of how those things connect," Brogan added. No big surprise, really. It seems at least a couple of them, possibly all, are deeply troubled people, drawn to this out of a sense of drama and not because they have a coherent or principled belief system to stand up for.
This scattershot non-ideology of yelling "Constitution," "guns" and "liberty" a lot is the marker of today's modern conservative populism, the kind that Donald Trump's ascension is channeling into electoral fever. Their actual grievance is fury over the fact that white people, especially of the Christian and male variety, are watching their presumed superiority decline, but to say so out loud and bluntly— to admit out loud to racism— is to court political marginalization in our society.
So instead, all these code words and symbols and half-baked theories of government rise up to communicate these ideas without coming right out and saying it. It doesn't really need to cohere as an ideology. The only thing that needs to be stated is that these folks feel oppressed, the world owes them something, and they believe they are martyrs because they're not getting it.
Advertisement:
In all the stress, the real sources of grievance did leak out at times.
@Jacob_Brogan One occupier castigated a federal agent: "You let Hillary continue to run for president," as if that were the FBI's domain. — Jacob Brogan (@Jacob_Brogan) February 11, 2016
It would be almost poignant, if the underlying sentiment weren't so vile. How could you let Hillary Clinton— a woman and a Democrat— just run for office like that? Wasn't there supposed to be some check on this? They kept women out of the Oval Office for 227 years, but now somehow the rules have changed and "they" decided to let women take a shot at it.
Fry says they should be able to opt out of taxes and earn money without paying for abortions. #Oregonstandoff — Molly Young (@mollykyoung) February 11, 2016
Railing against "taxpayer funded abortion" is a daily thing in conservative media, a talking point that is immoveable despite the fact that federal law has banned this since 1976. That's likely because it's just a code phrase, not really meant to be taken literally but to evoke a set of resentments: Instead of having a sweet little housewife who takes care of you, like your grandpa had, you have to watch all these young women go to college and experiment sexually and be free and, above all other things, not need you. Squawking about taxpayer-funded abortion is a way for right wing men to tell themselves that women are still depending on them, but they just don't get to benefit from it anymore. It's a lie, but a comforting one, much easier than accepting that women don't need men to survive any longer.
Advertisement:
Of course, no one really feels that sorry for people whose pain is due to the loss of privileges they never really deserved in the first place. No one knows this more than those who want to complain about this particular loss, which is why they come up with elaborate rationalizations and complex theories to reframe loss of privilege as a form of oppression.
In the hands of professional propagandists, such as Rush Limbaugh and Fox News, this process is effective at creating semi-coherent rationalizations for these inadmissible feelings. But in the hands of amateurs, such as the Oregon militiamen? You get people squawking about how Hillary Clinton shouldn't even be allowed to run for president.
If another Democrat, be it Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, is president this time next year, we can expect that this surge of embittered right-wing radicalism isn't going away. If anything, they'll be even more aggravated after the loss of their great orange hope, Donald Trump. That means this kind of incoherent right-wing rage at losing "their" country is just going to keep on keeping on.
Advertisement:
But, because of the patience of the FBI and the advent of social media that allows right-wing nuts to keep the world apprised of every fool thought that pops into their head, at least we have concrete proof that picking up guns and trying to do something about it makes them look like fools. Hopefully, future would-be right-wing militia men will know that there are extremely low odds that their attempted last stands will turn them into heroes and martyrs instead of laughingstocks. This, in turn, will hopefully discourage more self-proclaimed patriots who hate our country from pulling stunts like this.
Okay, well maybe not the always terrifying ZOMBIES, but we are getting close to halloween. Apparently, Washington Square Park, the heart of NYU, keeps a terrifying secret. Buried beneath the paving stones, and the fountain, and the arch, and the rolling lawns, and the trees, and the flowers, and really underneath the whole park, are bodies. Yes, bodies. How many bodies, you ask?
20,000 of them.
Yes, 20,000 bodies are buried beneath beautiful Washington Square Park. Until 1797, the area now considered part of Greenwich Village and the university was, like much of Manhattan, farmland. In that fateful year, it was decided that the area that now constitutes the park would be turned into what is known as a “Potter's Field,” or a burial ground for those who could not afford a proper funeral. After the turn of the 19th century, the field was also used to bury victims of Yellow Fever for hygienic reasons (is there still a risk of infection? Maybe a scientist can weigh in).
At one point, the Potter's Field was even used as a place of execution, with two eyewitnesses placing the gallows somewhere between where the fountain and the arch now sit. The only person recorded to have been executed in the cemetery was one Rose Butler, in 1820, for arson. Contrary to some tour books and local legends, the tree in the northwest corner of the park known as “Hangman's Elm” was not used for executions- it seems like this bit of lore was added later, though the tree itself is more than 300 years old.
So how did the Potter's Field become the park? In 1827, it appears the city just plowed over the field and turned it into a military parade ground. In 1849, they first began to turn it into a park.
And the bodies?
Still there. Still waiting. ZOMBIES!!!
Advertisements
Russia's toxicity for investors is suddenly so 2014. Western money is returning to Moscow's equity and bond markets, and private Russian companies are again able to borrow, albeit at a premium to Western peers.
The main cause for this reversal of fortunes is the cease-fire in Ukraine, even though it isn't really holding militarily or moving forward politically. That's a paradox that may shed light on how events in eastern Ukraine will develop.
The Wall Street Journal reported last Wednesday that “investors have taken Russia out of the penalty box.” According to the global fund tracker EPFR, the influx of cash into mutual and exchange-traded funds targeting Russian securities so far this year has almost wiped out last year's outflow. Indeed, the rebound in the Russian stock and bond markets since December's panic over a free-falling ruble has been spectacular:
This can be explained in economic terms. The ruble is the best-performing major currency so far this year, having gained 14 percent against the dollar. That's mainly because the oil price, all-important for Russia's fiscal health, has stabilized at a higher level than doomsday prophets predicted — above $60 a barrel of Brent crude. And Russian economic data, while hardly encouraging, don't indicate an impending collapse. So why not give Russia a chance, especially since it promises higher yields than most other big markets?
International lenders led by Société Générale, ING and Natixis have just provided $530 million to Uralkali, Russia's world leader in potash production, at 3.3 percentage points above the Libor benchmark rate. European companies with similar credit ratings pay less than half that premium now.
This reasoning, however, works only because the fighting in Ukraine slowed after the signing of the Minsk cease-fire in February. A continuing all-out war would have made the risk of further international sanctions on Russia unbearable for most investors.
The Western sanctions against Russia didn't inflict much economic damage, because when they rendered big Russian state companies unable to borrow in Western markets, the government stepped in to help them. Yet, for some time last year, the sanctions did succeed in scaring investors away. That was a mainly psychological effect, which is now wearing off thanks to the truce.
The cease-fire in eastern Ukraine probably won't be implemented fully. Although the large-scale warfare has stopped and some heavy weaponry has been pulled back from the lines of separation, there's still localized fighting. Moreover, observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, empowered to monitor truce observance, still have limited access to areas held by pro-Russian separatists. A more stable peace could have been expected this long after the deal was signed, if the pro-Russian side were truly interested in ending hostilities.
Ukraine, at the same time, has been unwilling to grant more autonomy to rebel-held regions, as prescribed by the Minsk deal, until local elections are held there in accordance with Ukrainian law. That's a dead end: There won't be any elections until the rebel commanders — and their masters in Moscow — are satisfied with their new powers.
In this situation, even the U.S. is only talking about maintaining, rather than expanding sanctions, because Americans know that without another major Russian offensive to react against they'd have a hard time convincing Europe to go along.
It makes sense for Russian President Vladimir Putin to find this kind of equilibrium, allowing their country's investment rebound to gain momentum, while keeping Ukraine on the hook. That implies a frozen conflict scenario, in which there is no war and no deal, a situation that could be maintained more or less indefinitely — as Transnistria, the unrecognized state in limbo between Ukraine and Moldova since the early 1990s, shows. For Putin, the advantage is clear: Keeping the conflict unresolved may hinder Ukraine's integration with Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
This kind of stasis is less acceptable for Ukraine, for the same reasons, but the government is Kiev is stuck. It can't make a military move to reclaim its territory, because it can't risk another defeat. President Petro Poroshenko will probably end up tacitly agreeing to freeze the conflict for now, because Ukraine also stands to benefit from the psychological effect that a relative peace would have on investment. And right now, Ukraine needs market confidence much more than it needs rebel-held Donetsk.
Berlin-based writer Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist.
Formatting may be lacking as a result. If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it.
Posted on January 17, 2012, Jim Sterling SOPA: Why I Can't Defend the Game Industry Anymore
(This is another edition of </RANT>, a weekly opinion piece column on GameFront. Check back every week for more. The opinions expressed are those of the author, and do not reflect those of GameFront. The featured image on this week's post is an amazing piece by sakimichan at Deviant Art)
When I first started writing, one thing I wanted to do more than anything was to defend the videogame industry. The frustration I felt when watching games suffer ignorant criticism by mainstream media pundits often threatened to develop into a consuming inferno of throbbing rage. No moment more defined my goal as a writer than the murder of 14-year-old Stefan Pakeerah. The British teen was brutally attacked with a claw hammer by a “friend” who was reportedly “obsessed” with Rockstar's Manhunt. This game became the focal point of a discussion that ignored driving motivations for the murder (it turned out that the incident was an attempted mugging), the wider causes of violent street crime, and the fact that Pakeerah's own parents had bought Manhunt at one point.
Despite police concluding that Manhunt was not responsible for the attack in any way, that didn't stop opportunists jumping on the bandwagon, to the point where some blame Manhunt for Pakeerah's death even to this day. The parents were the driving force of the blame, but scavenging Labor politician Keith Vaz was the fuel in their engine. The self-promoting minister has continued to attack videogames and still claims Manhunt is responsible for Pakeerah's death.
When I was hired by Destructoid in 2006, I finally felt like I had a voice. Even if I was preaching to the choir, there was a great catharsis in championing the videogame industry's merits, as I did when the British Board of Film Classification banned Manhunt 2, when Anne Diamond wrote a slew of anti-game propaganda for the Daily Mail, and when California attempted to impose limitations on videogames that movies and books had not been subjected to, singling out interactive entertainment as something more dangerous and toxic. I did this proudly, and I did this with all the energy that my moral indignation could muster. Nowadays, however, I struggle to care. The indignation is still there, but the desire to fight in favor of the industry? That's been eroded, possibly beyond repair.
It has become pretty clear over the course of the past two years that my desire to defend videogames is at odds with my desire to defend the rights of gamers themselves. As publishers continue to punish paying PC users with unfairly restrictive DRM measures, as the likes of THQ and EA put online passes into games to pressure retailers (who rely on secondhand sales to make any kind of profit), and as a vast majority of the game industry still remains silent on the issue of the Stop Online Piracy Act, I cannot help but feel that my past desire to “go to bat” for this industry is a little embarrassing. To defend the rights of companies that don't care if we live or die … it's not something I feel comfortable doing anymore.
Online passes and DRM were one thing, but the recent SOPA issue took it too far. It's what hammered home a truth that we all know, deep down — that the game industry we so love has no feelings toward us. We are all little more than walking wallets, and that's something we've been fine with for a long time. I don't expect EA, THQ, or Ubisoft to give a rat's ass about me, but I would have expected more than stony silence on an issue that threatened the free speech of everybody in this industry, be they developer, gamer or even publisher. Unfortunately, the Entertainment Software Association sunk lower than silence. It supported — and still supports — SOPA. A bill that, in case you haven't heard, was written with the intention of allowing corporations supreme power over the Internet, blocking access to sites that it didn't like without due process, and strangling revenue streams to sites containing copyrighted content. It wasn't just about piracy, either — even sites with user-generated content could be shut down. That's how vague the bill is, even after multiple changes and research (not to mention postponed hearings!).
The ESA, which represents a huge amount of game publishers, has proudly remained a supporter of SOPA in the face of terrible publicity, consistent blows to its credibility, and criticism from a huge number of tech experts. What truly makes it appalling, however, is the startling hypocrisy at play.
Remember, this is the same ESA that begged gamers for help during the Brown vs. EMA/ESA legal battle. The California Bill wanted to restrict the sale of games, slapping laws on videogames that other forms of entertainment were not governed by. The ruling would be a direct attack on the First Amendment rights of entertainment software, and the ESA worked that angle like a pro. It used its Video Game Voters Network to whip gamers into a defensive frenzy, and it milked the concept of free speech for every beautiful, shiny drop. I spread the word as best I could, as did many gamers, and I feel many shared my years of frustration with games being treated as dangerous scapegoats. Years of pent-up anger toward preening pundits and clueless politicians was salved when the supreme court eventually ruled that videogames were protected by free speech, that people couldn't just waltz in and change the rules because they did not understand a new medium.
How pathetically ironic, then, that the ESA is doing to the Internet what Arnold Schwarzenegger and Leland Yee tried to do to videogames. Now it's the ESA's turn to play the out-of-touch, incompetent, hysteria-driven old dinosaur that is trying to legislate that which it cannot comprehend. And in the face of an appeal from the gamers that once helped it, the ESA has this to say — f*ck you. F*ck you all.
That was, as they say, the last straw. Yes, it's obvious that the game industry doesn't care about its consumers, but until recently, I kind of didn't mind it. I was still happy to fight for gaming as an art form, even if Activision and Microsoft just saw it was a way to fleece as much cash out of consumers as possible. I was fine with that. But not anymore. I can't keep doing it, because I respect myself too much. I can't go to bat when Mass Effect is accused of distributing pornography to minors by FOX News, or when some half-baked psychologist claims Bulletstorm encourages rape. I can't do it because the sting of knowing that I'm being exploited is just too great. That's what it is, at its core — exploitation. Publishers know how many gamers respect videogames, rely on them to defend their artistic rights, and then betray them at a later date. As EA and Capcom continue to pull poker faces and refuse to speak out against SOPA, as the trade body representing them actively and proudly supports the thing, I can't feel morally right about sticking up for any of the bastards. Even as some companies come out against SOPA at the eleventh hour, one feels they were were staying on the fence and letting other people do all the heavy lifting, marching in only when they were sure it was a good PR move, expecting a hero's welcome.
The frustration I once felt when I saw games being misrepresented in the media has been replaced with a different kind of frustration. A frustration at seeing developers claim to require online passes because their million-selling, AAA title wouldn't make a profit otherwise. A frustration at seeing publishers use DRM that they know doesn't work, exerting greater control over paying customers while blaming everything on the pirates who have gotten away scot-free. A frustration at corporations fleecing retailers over profits of brand-new games, then acting like the victim when those retailers push used sales in order to make up for it. A frustration at seeing platform holders play with our personal details like toys, and only come clean about it once the evidence is too great to deny.
The silence of games companies and the treachery of the ESA opened my eyes to everything else. It also allowed me to see the hypocrisy that infests this industry. Just think about how videogames are used as a scapegoat when someone is killed. Now think about how pirates or used sales become scapegoats when a shitty or poorly promoted game doesn't sell enough copies. Videogames have learned well from their detractors over the years. The same propaganda and fear-mongering employed against them have been employed expertly against the perceived enemies of this business. Pay like unto like, I suppose.
That's why, when I see Electronic Arts crying over free speech while defending the use of real-life helicopters in Battlefield 3, I am not compelled to care. EA doesn't care about free speech. Nor did the ESA. To the games industry, free speech is not a basic right, but just another loophole to be exploited. It's just something that disingenuous fake-grassroots organizations like the Video Game Voters Network can utilize to trick gamers into defending corporations that don't give the first fuck about them. It's just another tool in the box. I can't keep defending First Amendment rights for companies that are fair weather friends to the First Amendment.
I am still as angry as I ever was when I saw Stephen Pakeerah's death used as a political tool by self-serving parasites. Now, however, I cannot wield that anger to champion the side of games. I still love videogames, and it's an industry full of individuals I respect, but my self-righteous oratory is wasted defending interactive entertainment. It needs to be used to defend the interactively entertained. That's you. And me, of course. Gamers. Consumers. People. Consumer advocacy has been something that truly spoke to me over the past few months of anti-SOPA protest, and I dare say we need a few more consumer advocates in gaming.
I got into the games writing field with a hope to defend videogames from selfish, greedy people. Now, it seems we need to defend people from selfish, greedy videogames.
August 1st, 2008: What Summer's All About
I took my son to the library to choose their prize (a book) for completing the library's summer reading program. I took them from the pool and returned them to the pool. We were in the library 10 minutes. Would have been 5, if fewer people had stopped me and told me how cool it was to see a kid who so clearly loved the pool and/or was Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes. They enjoyed them so much, I thought you might too....
Cuuute!lol!
Aw yes, animal Friday!
(better hold the recipes)
I hope they don't ride their wagon down hills, off cliffs...
That is an absolutely amazing capture. The expression, the hair, the fact that they were willing to hold still in such a pose...it's all perfect! Thanks for sharing!
Ritalin?
LOL!!!
That is one expressive kid. You could serve me a bucket of KFC with Matt Damon in the middle and I couldn't get that excited look on my face. Very cool.
Why is their hair not blue?
Just have to smile right back with a photo like that!
Why is their head not shaved?!
Lovely pic Monster. Crazy kid.
Thanks for sharing.
Awesome monster! I'll be smiling all day!
Great picture, monster. Made my morning. The pictures you show of your family look like y'all are always having so much fun!
(Donnie, is that YOU?)
..just throwing that out there..
 They are cute...but I'm afraid I couldn't help being reminded of these...
He's going to grow up to be one handsome fellow.
Here mom...you want a photo...take this! hehe
"Unattended children will be made to drink coffee and eat chocolate."
"Unattended children will be given an espresso and a free puppy."
Quote: HungLikeJesus Originally Posted by "Unattended children will be given an espresso and a free puppy."
It's posted in a restaurant near us.
What a wonderful picture to put on the invitations to their 21st birthday party.
it's on my list for the pre-wedding slide show. Along with Naked Witch Boy.
Quote: sweetwater Originally Posted by Just have to smile right back with a photo like that!
Quote: Skylight Originally Posted by
..just throwing that out there.. ..just throwing that out there..
Speaking at McGill University in Montreal, Gore said the NSA's efforts to monitor communications had gone to 'absurd' lengths
Former US vice-president Al Gore has described the activities of the National Security Agency as "outrageous" and "completely unacceptable" and said whistleblower Edward Snowden has "revealed evidence" of crimes against the US constitution.
Gore, speaking Tuesday night at McGill University in Montreal, said they were in favour of using surveillance to ensure national security, but Snowden's revelations showed that those measures had gone too far.
"I say that as someone who was a member of the National Security Council working in the White House and getting daily briefings from the CIA," Gore said, in comments reported by the Canadian Press.
Gore had previously said they believed the practice of the NSA collecting US citizens phone records was unlawful and "not really the American way", but their comments on Tuesday represent their strongest criticism yet.
Asked about Snowden, the NSA whistleblower whose revelations have been reported extensively by the Guardian, Gore said the leaks had revealed uncovered unconstitutional practices.
"He has revealed evidence of what appears to be crimes against the Constitution of the United States," Gore said.
Snowden faces criminal charges for leaking classified information to The Guardian and other media outlets. They remain in exile in Russia.
Gore, the former vice-president, 2000 Democratic presidential nominee and 2007 Nobel Peace Prize winner, said the NSA's efforts to monitor communications had gone to "absurd" lengths, the Canadian Press reported.
"When you are looking for a needle in a haystack, it's not always wise to pile more hay on the haystack," they said.
Gore said they doubted the far-reaching scope of the NSA's surveillance would be allowed to continue.
"I think they will have to pull this back," they said. "I think you will see a reining in."
There's this persistent notion that we use a mere 10 per cent of our brains at any given moment. If only we could tap into more of the magnificent, squishy machine in our heads, we'd become quicker, cleverer versions of ourselves.
It'd be a lovely idea if it wasn't a crock of crap.
Although the ten per cent notion has been debunked ad nauseum by neuroscientists, its recurrent appearance in pop culture (most recently in the film Lucy) shows that this particular misconception is very much alive and kicking. Now, a team of MIT researchers has put yet another nail in the myth's proverbial coffin. Their study, published yesterday in Science, shows how our brains fire up in many different cortical regions—ones that were thought to be reserved for separate functions—when we're performing simple cognitive tasks.
“Such a wide distribution of information is incompatible with the notion that we only use a small fraction of our brains,” study co-author Earl Miller, a professor in MIT's Department of Brain and Cognitive science, said in a press release.
The longstanding view that the human brain is divided into sections coding for discrete processes (for instance, vision processing at the back, decision making toward the front) comes in part from fMRI studies that measure blood flow in the brain. But such tests, while useful for identifying changes in blood flow patterns when a subject switches between different cognitive tasks, don't always reveal overall patterns across the entire brain.
This image shows the new study's results for the dynamic interplay of the sensory, task, and cue information in the brain's cortex.
“They're showing you the tip of the iceberg sticking above the water, when actually, below the water, there's a lot of processing going on everywhere,” Miller says.
In their new study, the researchers built an array of 108 electrodes to measure neural spikes across nearly 2,700 cortical regions in six different functional “compartments” of the brain. Subjects were shown groups of coloured dots moving either up or down, along with a grey shape that indicated whether they were to pay attention to colour or motion. Afterwards, they were asked to identify the colour or motion they saw with a series of eye movements.
The researchers discovered widespread neural activity across subjects' brains throughout the exercise. However, depending on the particular step in the sensory-motor pathway (identifying the cue, deciding to pay attention to colour or motion, executing eye movements), brain activity would start in different regions and flow around in a novel sequence.
“Some areas may process motion more than colour, some may process colour more than motion, and sometimes you can see the information rising up in one area before the other,” Miller says. “But generally information is distributed all over the cortex.”
Which is to say, while our brains certainly execute thought through many different pathways, sometimes leaning more heavily on certain regions than others, when we're thinking, we're using em' a lot.
Sorry, Morgan Freeman! You're a wonderful actor, but I think we better leave the neuroscience to the experts.
Top image: Christine Daniloff/MIT. Bottom image: Siegel et al. 2015
Well, this explains it.
If you thought Fyre Festival's failure was down to complete and utter mismanagement by a bunch of (allegedly) fraudulent idiots, think again! We now have the definitive answer on why the luxury festival crashed and burned, and it's all because Matt Skiba — the new Blink-182 lead singer, and a self-confessed witch — put a hex on it.
Makes perfect sense, doesn't it?
Blink-182 were scheduled to perform at the event, but pulled out at the last minute because Fyre couldn't meet their production needs (which, judging by their standard of “gourmet” food, isn't exactly surprising). Now, two months on, Skiba has explained that their “witchy ways” actually caused the downfall of the entire festival. Of course!
“I had a bad feeling about that event,” Skiba told NME. “I consider myself a pagan and a witch. With every inch of my energy I wanted Fyre not to happen. I put all the electricity and energy in my body against that thing happening.”
“We pulled out for technical and logistical issues and the rest of it crumbled to shit because that's what it was. It was bullshit. I used my witchy ways and it seemed to work. I'll take responsibility and everyone can blame me.”
Skiba then turned their attention to eviscerating the problematic culture of ‘luxe' holiday destinations. “I've been to the Bahamas before and it's so crass. You land in Nassau and the whole island is replete with beauty and culture, but there's a lot of poverty. It is a largely black population then they build these places like [resorts] Atlantis and The Cove that are walled off.”
“It's classist and racist and then they decided to park a bunch of yachts with models to show off in front of those poor people, going down there with all your Ferraris and bullshit and yachts.”
Whether or not he's right about the hexing, Skiba's pretty bang on about everything else.
Update: President Donald Trump authorized for the Jones Act to be waived for Puerto Rico effective immediately, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Thursday.
https://twitter.com/PressSec/status/913373292832153600
The humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico caused by Hurricane Maria has put a spotlight on an arcane maritime law known as the Jones Act. Earlier in the week, Trump's decision not to waive the provision as the U.S. did after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma to speed up recovery efforts in Texas and Florida had drawn debate and criticism.
Officially titled the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, the Jones Act became hashtag #JonesAct on Twitter where attention has turned to the mechanism of the law and how it plays a role in shipping supplies to Puerto Rico. But what does the Jones Act do and how could waiving it help relief efforts for Americans on the island?
Here are some answers.
What is the Jones Act and what does it do?
President Woodrow Wilson signed the Jones Act into law in 1920 to restrict trade to American-made and -flagged vessels within U.S. waters. The law forbids any foreign vessels from shipping directly into ports in U.S. areas such as Guam, Hawaii, Alaska and Puerto Rico.
Why did Trump hesitate to not waive the law?
Earlier in the week, Department of Homeland Security spokesperson David Lapan explained the Trump administration's decision to not waive the rule like so to the The Wall Street Journal: “Based on consultation with other Federal agencies, DHS's current assessment is that there are sufficient numbers of U.S.-flagged vessels to move commodities to Puerto Rico.”
The Journal further reported:
Mr. Lapan wrote that the waiver was needed in Florida and Texas because the loss of oil refineries and the shutdown of the primary pipeline to move refined fuel to the East Coast and Southeast increased demand for vessels. In Puerto Rico, the need is different.
“The fuel supply challenges facing Puerto Rico are not a function of the lack of fuel being shipped to the island, but caused by the devastation to Puerto Rico's transportation networks that have prevented fuel from being transported on the island to all of the places that need it,” Mr. Lapan wrote.
Who wants Trump to waive the law and why?
Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, and others have urged Trump to waive the law in this scenario. They contend that doing so could help foreign vessels from nearby islands such as Jamaica send relief supplies to Puerto Rico a lot faster than the U.S. can from its nearest ports in Florida.
On Wednesday, McCain called the Jones Act a “protectionist” law.
https://twitter.com/SenJohnMcCain/status/913100541584199682
https://twitter.com/GovGaryJohnson/status/913051661026836480
https://twitter.com/Bill_Cimbrelo/status/913034602285092864
It is not the first time the Jones Act has come under fire for creating a burden for trade in Puerto Rico. In fact, McCain has long been against the law and in argued for its repeal.
“I have long advocated for a full repeal of The Jones Act, an antiquated law that has for too long hindered free trade, made U.S. industry less competitive and raised prices for American consumers,” McCain said in a press release in 2015.
So is it possible Trump will waive it?
Department of Homeland Security officials told The Hill that it was “unlikely” that Trump would waive the Jones Act. Trump told reporters on Wednesday that there is a sufficient number of U.S.-flagged ships in those waters helping Puerto Rico.
“A lot of people that work in the shipping industry … don't want the Jones Act lifted,” Trump said. “We have a lot of ships out there right now.”
What is the upshot of not waiving the Jones Act?
One expert, Salim Furth, argued that lifting the Jones Act matters less now than it will in the long-term as Puerto Rico rebuilds and demand rises for supplies like concrete, steel, copper wire and machinery.
Without access to other more affordable sources of supply, Puerto Ricans could be left on the hook to pay more for those supplies, Furth wrote.
https://twitter.com/salimfurth/status/913054538336219136
Why should the U.S. uphold the Jones Act?
Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-San Diego, who chairs the Coast Guard and Maritime Subcommittee in the House of Representatives, is among the most vocal supporters of the Jones Act.
As recently as April this year, Hunter argued that the Jones Act honors the economic spirit Trump has trumpeted in their administration: “Buy American, Hire American.”
“While often conflated by foreign interests, the Jones Act ensures that vessels and workers engaged in coastwise trade are U.S.-compliant while providing domestic shipbuilding and mariner capacity to support our armed forces at times of war,” Hunter wrote.
In the meantime, how is Puerto Rico getting relief?
Regardless of whether the Jones Act would be waived, relief was still getting to Puerto Rico by way of air. The Trump administration said it wasalready doing all it can to help send National Guard troops and supplies to the island of 3.4 million U.S. citizens.
Other organizations and individuals are also pitching in, including singer Armando Perez, better known as Pitbull, who reportedly sent a private plane of theirs to transport cancer patients out of the island.
https://twitter.com/ihadcancer/status/912840878942769152
https://twitter.com/espn_macmahon/status/912718911405154304
https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/912796470633431040
Have some thoughts to share?
Join me in a conversation: Shoot me a private email with your thoughts or ideas on a different approach to this story. As always, you can also send us a tweet.
Email: luis.gomez@sduniontribune.com
Twitter: @RunGomez
Read The Conversation on Flipboard.
UPDATES:
Thursday, Sept. 28 at 8:50 a.m.: This article was updated to reflect President Donald Trump's decision to waive the Jones Act.
This article was originally published at Sept. 27 at 12:05 p.m.
A study led by St. Jude Children's Research Hospital identifies factors that predict flu severity in patients and sets the stage for more effective therapies to prevent flu complications and deaths
St. Jude Children's Research Hospital scientists have identified a signature immune response that might help doctors identify which newly diagnosed influenza patients are most likely to develop severe symptoms and suffer poor outcomes. The findings also help explain why infants and toddlers are at elevated risk for flu complications. The research appears in the upcoming issue of the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine.
The discovery came after investigators tracked flu infections for 28 days in 84 individuals with community-acquired influenza. The study is still underway. This report focused on the 2009-2010 and 2010-2011 flu seasons.
Researchers found that patients with elevated levels of three particular immune system regulators, or cytokines, early in the infection were more likely to develop severe flu symptoms and to be hospitalized than patients with lower levels of the same regulators. Study participants ranged in age from 3 weeks to 71 years old and included 41 infants and toddlers aged 23 months or younger.
The cytokine levels early in the infection were predictive of flu-related complications regardless of patient age, flu strain, the ability of the virus to replicate and other factors. The cytokines involved help to regulate inflammation driven by the innate immune response. The innate immune system serves as the front line of the body's defense against flu and other threats until antibodies and T cells are ready to provide a more targeted defense.
Study participants were recruited by research collaborators at Le Bonheur Children's Medical Center, a general children's hospital in Memphis, where patients are still being enrolled in the study. Researchers also plan to check for immune signatures in flu patients from sites in the U.S., Egypt, Colombia and other nations.
“Patients in this study could handle the flu virus and clear it from their lungs in a week to 10 days. The problem for patients with this immune signature is likely the inflammatory environment in their airways created by the innate immune system in response to the virus,” said corresponding author Paul Thomas, Ph.D., an assistant member of the St. Jude Department of Immunology. “Clinically, we need to explore targeted therapies to address this problem separately from efforts to clear the virus.”
The findings provide insight into why the benefits of the antiviral drug oseltamivir diminish early in the infection. “This drug helps get rid of the virus, but these patients do not appear to have a problem with that,” Thomas explained.
Flu remains a leading cause of illness and death worldwide. In this study, 19 patients were hospitalized, including four who were admitted to an intensive care unit.
For this study, researchers tracked both the flu infection and the resulting immune response through blood, nasal swabs and nasal wash samples collected from patients with laboratory-confirmed flu. Sampling began when patients sought medical attention for flu symptoms and was repeated on days 3, 7, 10 and 28. Along with measuring levels of flu virus in the nose and sinuses, researchers measured 42 cytokines and antibodies against circulating flu viruses.
This is one of the first studies to examine the immune response in both the blood and in the nose and sinuses, where the infection begins. The patients included 24 who qualified as high risk for flu complications due to asthma and certain other underlying medical conditions. Similar sampling was conducted on 126 volunteers recruited from the households of flu patients.
The testing showed children and adults were equally successful at eliminating the virus regardless of the subtype. In fact, based on cytokine levels in the blood, nose and sinuses of patients, children mounted a more aggressive inflammatory response than adults. “The fact that the innate immune response was stronger in the airways of children than adults was a surprise. Previous studies using different measures reported that children mounted a weaker immune response,” said first author Christine Oshansky, Ph.D., a St. Jude postdoctoral fellow. In this study, the hyperactive immune response diminished with age, but Thomas said it may help explain why toddlers and infants are more likely to develop severe flu symptoms. Normal genetic variation might play a role in the innate immune response, they added.
When researchers dissected the inflammatory response, they found that elevated nasal levels of the cytokines MCP-3 and interferon alpha 2 (IFNa2) and elevated blood levels of interleukin 10 (IL-10) at diagnosis predicted more severe symptoms later. Increased blood levels of IL-10 and MCP-3, as well as interleukin-6, at diagnosis predicted hospitalization later. MCP-3 and IFNa2 promote inflammation. IL-10 suppresses inflammation. Elevated IL-10 levels often signal that the body is trying to shut down the inflammatory response.
Researchers also found evidence linking inflammatory cytokine levels to white blood cells called monocytes that are recruited to the site of the infection. Through cytokine secretion and other activities, different types of monocytes have the ability to orchestrate a variety of inflammatory responses. Some responses are likely beneficial, but some may hinder patient recovery. Work has begun to better understand what regulates production and movement of different monocyte populations as a way to better explain differences in the inflammatory response to flu.
The other authors are Andrew Gartland and Tomer Hertz, both of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle; Sook-San Wong, Trushar Jeevan, , Miguela Caniza and Richard Webby, all of St. Jude; David Wang, formerly of St. Jude; and Philippa Roddam and John DeVincenzo, both of the University of Tennessee School of Medicine and Le Bonheur.
The study was funded in part by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and ALSAC.
You've seen this scenario before, and you'll see it again (until more of us do something). Woman writes about something traditionally regarded as a male-orientated industry or area of interest; if she's conveying love, she's doing it “for attention” (so what?) or “fake” (whatever that means); if they criticize, she's insulting, whining, moaning, on their period; if they say anything at all, their argument or point is made invisible because their damn biology is getting in the way.
This latest incident involves Janelle Asselin, who was a DC Comics editor of something called “Batman,” a line editor at Newsrama, and so on. Needless to say, she's got years of experience in the comic book industry, in both a creative and critical capacity. But, recently, they dared to criticize a comic book cover and drew the wrath of brave comic book fanboys.
The “Incident”
After Asselin thoroughly demolished the cover of the superhero series “Teen Titans,” they received quite… unfriendly responses to their critique.
It began when an artist for DC Comics decided they were wrong and personally insulting—even though this artist was not involved with the cover at all. This artist, Brett Booth, decided that Asselin's opinion was “an attack.” Yes, Asselin “attacked” a poor comic cover. A picture. (And a not very good one.) Nowhere in their article do they actually attack individual people nor name-call, due to a rare Internet condition known as “being an adult.”
And seeing as they are knowledgeable as an editor and worked in the comics industry, you would think she's at least qualified. Of course, it's helpful that Asselin wrote their piece clearly and offered sufficient reasons to back up their claim that the cover in question was terrible.
It's possible to disagree with Asselin—to take on their actual arguments—instead of pondering over their “real” motivations, which to their critics were solely about page-hits, attention (which are the same thing, really), and so on. It seems that Asselin's motivations could not have been about criticizing art, as part of the creative process. No, they were simply “nit-picking,” as some comments said. I would hope that more people—especially editors—would be nit-pickers!
But again, this is just another way to dismiss their point as invalid and irrelevant.
The Rise of Rape Threats
We all knew this would happen. As Asselin explains on their blog: “I was called a whiny bitch, a feminazi, a feminist bitch, a bitter cunt, and then the rape threats started rolling in.”
Also some measure of irony must be noted. They put it very well and it's worth quoting them in full (my emphasis):
“You see, I'm also doing a survey about sexual harassment in comics. (If you'd like to take this survey, you can find it here.) And so as soon as the angry fanboys started looking me up after [critique], they discovered this survey and started answering my questions and using the open box at the end to write in all sorts of awfulness. I've gotten all manner of bullshit within the survey now, but at least the ones with the rape threats or other asshole comments tell me which responses to disregard. If you really want to “get me” and prove that sexual harassment doesn't exist in comics, I don't know, maybe it's better for you to answer honestly about how you haven't been sexually harassed. Because certainly sending me rape threats proves my point, not yours.”
I don't know any women (with some amount of public presence, whether on or offline) who have not experienced some measure of harassment—if not rape threats—entirely because they are women, existing in some way in the public eye.
Asselin did nothing to deserve the harsh criticism, and no one should get rape threats. The casualness of yearning for a traumatizing experience of another, harmless individual makes it hard to believe those harassing are moral persons at all. It's easy to shrug all this off when you're not the target individual or demographic of harassment. But you shouldn't have that response—indeed, you shouldn't, especially if you're not the target demographic.
Harassment of Women Is Everyone's Problem
The problem with writing yet another post about why you shouldn't send rape threats to women is best explained with crude binaries: those who read and agree don't need to be “told.” And those who disagree either won't read you or won't offer substantial refutation.
Then who are such posts for? Why write them?
Primarily, I want to explain why it's necessary to keep repeating yourself; why it's necessary to maintain a firm stance against mistreatment and harassment of marginalized groups—whether women, gay, trans, etc. This, despite feeling like futility is creeping like vines to tear down your walls of passion and security.
For now, my focus is on women's digital treatment, particularly in those areas regarded as “geeky,” such as film, comics, TV, science-fiction/fantasy, and so on. My arguments, however, apply regardless—but for the purposes of making them, it's necessary to have some focus.
It's important to recognize the relentless nature with which women are stalked, harassed, and targeted—especially online—indicates much that smarter, more qualified people have considered. What you should note, though, is this: It happens; the problem is widespread and requires nuanced, but firm, responses.
Yet you should recognize the digital harassment environment of women is one that is maintained through its consistency and unrelenting nature. Similarly, so should the response: unrelenting, shouted from the highest and most respectable platforms and people. What you should want to create is a culture or community that immediately does not tolerate bigotry, harassment, and abuse.
As many, including Asselin, note, a powerful reason some men feel no hesitation when sending horrible messages to women is they believe they're operating within a space that accepts it as the norm. But you should not have “acceptance” fed by feelings of futility; your response should be intolerance of intolerance. Silence and apathy are key ingredients to a tasty helping of bigotry. Though only specific groups are served, everyone in the community must endure the smell. And smell and taste are not so different.
So just as one voice, one single rape threat can undo a person's sense of security, this unfortunately indicates that one voice does have an impact. But that impact should be on the side of morality, not abuse. Yet, a single threat seems to hold more weight [PDF] due to the target's feelings of isolation. Voices echo others: your voice gets someone else's attention, which gets someone else's. This helps create solidarity, the very opposite of isolation—therefore helping those who feel threatened.
This doesn't mean you must always speak. It doesn't even mean it's your responsibility to take on any particular person who, for example, threatens women. But that doesn't negate your ability to indicate where you stand, when someone acts as though bigotry is the default rather than the fringe.
I Am Not the Target, but That's Irrelevant
Conveying where you stand is especially important when you are not the target. For example, more men should condemn threats to women within the industry they operate in. This sends a powerful message of what the community is actually (or should be) about.
Again: silence, from apathy or futility, is a powerful ingredient in making bigotry continue. If you care at all about making a better community (and therefore world), you must be doing what you can to make bigotry of any kind a fringe aspect—look what's happened to public acts of racism.
And women shouldn't be the only ones in this fight. That doesn't mean it's up to men to tell them how to act. I wouldn't presume to know what it's like to live in that alien world known as “a woman in public.”
But what we, as non-targets, can do is respond to (other) bigoted men directly. We have less to lose and less to protect, from those who think we'll side with them because we perhaps share genitalia. Such bigoted men need to be shown that, in fact, many men do not find it okay to treat women in degrading ways; that we share opinions about sexism women make and loathe, too, that it occurs, in its myriad ways (in depictions of women, in how women are physically treated at, say, conventions, online, etc.).
Wanting a better community doesn't have to be the primary reason. Conveying solidarity and standing firm against bigotry—especially when the bigotry isn't targeting you—is the moral thing to do. You have little to lose, and you and others have much to gain. But it helps, from a marketing perspective, to show that communities benefit from diversity; that by being more open, more inclusive, more safe, everyone profits. Defending diversity, not a tool of oppression hidden beneath a cloak called “justice” or “equality.”
To get briefly personal for the sake of a point: I've faced racist responses for my work, because my views have upset those with more conservative perspectives about sex. Yet, I had friends, readers, and even critics respond with hatred for the racism and solidarity with me. No one said, “Yeah, but I'm just one voice.” But the worst part knows that such racism would almost never be seen in public today (in perhaps most places)—but the kind of lurid, awful, sexist, and threatening comments you see online to women happen in broad daylight, every day. The comments Asselin and other women receive because they dare exist in public as—gasp!—women with opinions, they probably also get shouted at them when they walk down a street, or at conventions, or at work.
To Answer the Question, Finally
So to finally answer my question: Who are these articles for?
They're for those who will read but don't know what to do. They're for those who know there's a problem, but feel a solution is impossible. I don't know what the solution is, but I know a huge problem that keeps sexism and misogyny alive and healthy is not conveying solidarity with women, not having more men and powerful, individual businesses and companies speak out when women (in general or in their industry) discuss their abuse and mistreatment.
The problems are complicated, of course: How would it be received if a major company conveyed their respect for women while depicting women terribly in their works? Again: it's difficult. There's no single solution, but many tangled problems.
You don't need to write a blog post, start a campaign, or read a thousand feminist works. But nothing stops you from calling out your friends, or watching what kind of words you use as insults or slurs, or learning what bigotry means for those who are targets. Basically, doing things that, with minimal effort, make you a better person in a world involving other kinds of people.
After all, that's the biggest community we must all defend and are a part of. And I don't want to be part of any community—whether comic or human—where the bigots have the megaphone and the marginalized are eroded to the point of invisibility.
If you're planning to support a Libertarian candidate for U.S. Senate this November, Ann Coulter has a message for you. The conservative columnist would like to end your life.
Them the latest column is a “to-do list to Save America” or some such nonsense. In it they take shots at John McCain and Rand Paul, and then begs everyone to donate money to Scott Brown's senatorial campaign in New Hampshire. What?
Apparently, it's all about control of the U.S. Senate, the single most important thing in the world to Coulter. And the biggest threat? Somehow, it's Libertarians.
“The biggest current danger for Republicans is that idiots will vote for Libertarian candidates in do-or-die Senate elections, including Kentucky, Kansas, North Carolina and Colorado,” they write. “When we're all dying from lack of health care across the United States of Mexico, we'll be deeply impressed with your integrity, libertarians.”
They then ends their column with this: “Which brings me to my final assignment this week: If you are considering voting for the Libertarian candidate in any Senate election, please send me your name and address so I can track you down and drown you.“
Coulter is a miserable clown who makes their living by lobbing these kinds of outrageous bombs out there. And I guess by writing about their column, I'm playing right into their hands.
So here's an idea, if you want to send Coulter your address so they can come and kill you, consider doing it via the Federal Elections Commission. Make a donation to Robert Sarvis for U.S. Senate in Virginia, and then Ann will be able to look you up via the campaign's FEC reports.
In case you were wondering, Ann Coulter lives at 242 Seabreeze Ave in Palm Beach, FL. The 52-year old's home is pictured above, in a photo taken from Google Maps Street View.
Please don't go there and drown them or anything like that. But if someone in Palm Beach wanted to leave a bag of dog poop on their doorstep, that might be pretty funny.
Or perhaps stick an Adrian Wyllie for Governor sign on them lawn.
Those caught lighting up could face a year's imprisonment as the government seeks to end pollution and drain damage on Thai beaches caused by discarded cigarette butts
Thailand is to ban smoking on some of the country's most popular tourist beaches, with the prospect of up to a year in prison for those caught lighting up, according to reports by local media.
The move follows a recent survey of litter on Patong beach, Phuket – visited by millions of foreign tourists each year – which found an average of 0.76 cigarette butts per square metre in a sample area, which would amount to 101,058 butts on the 2.5km-long stretch of sand.
The survey was undertaken by the country's department of marine and coastal resources, which described it as a “serious problem”. Discarded cigarette butts accounted for a third of rubbish collected by the department.
“Cigarettes have a direct effect on the natural environment,” director general Jatuporn Buruspat told the Phuket Gazette.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cigarette butts pose a risk to beach ecosystems, say Thailand government officials. Photograph: Dean Lewins/EPA
“The butts clog the drains contributing to floods. When the cigarettes stay under the beach sand for a long time, it also negatively affects the eco system. And then when the chemicals from the cigarette butts reach the water, it also releases cadmium, lead, arsenic and some acid from insecticide which are poison to the natural food chain.”
The ban, which will come into play in November, will affect 20 beaches including Patong, Koh Khai Nok, Koh Khai Nai (Phuket); Hua Hin, Cha-Am, Khao Takiab (western province of Prachuap Khiri Khan); Pattaya, Jomtien, Bangsaen (eastern province of Chonburi) and Samila (Songkhla city).
After a trial period, the ban is expected to be enforced on all Thai beaches, as well as on passenger and tourist boats, to tackle the problem of butts damaging the underwater environment.
Anyone found to be breaking the law will face one year in jail or a maximum 100,000 baht (£2,285) fine, or both.
The Bangkok Post also reported the news, adding that Thailand has the sixth most rubbish-strewn areas of sea in the world.
President Donald Trump's actions could undermine years of intense negotiations over the sharing of commercial data and law enforcement information. | Getty Trump immigration order causes alarm among Europeans Provision instructing agencies to exclude foreigners from privacy protections causes concern over international agreements.
Mexico isn't the only close ally and trading partner peeved by President Trump's flurry of executive actions.
Trump also has caused alarm in the European Union with a line in their executive order on immigration instructing agencies to exclude foreigners from privacy protections, threatening to undermine years of intense negotiations over the sharing of commercial data and law enforcement information.
Story Continued Below
Trump's aides didn't consult agency officials who hashed out those agreements before they signed the order, according to two people familiar with the situation — another example of the White House taking action without the usual vetting that past presidents used to avoid a problem exactly like this one. Now those same officials and lawmakers who were blindsided are scrambling to reassure companies and European allies that the executive order doesn't have the power to undo the agreements.
“It's just a stick they're beating foreigners with, without giving any thought to the diplomatic repercussions,” said a federal official who requested anonymity because the Trump administration has prohibited talking to journalists. “If agencies and Congress had been consulted or even given a heads-up, we would've been able to deal with this proactively and it wouldn't have been an issue that ginned up the Europeans.”
It's not clear if the White House was aware of the agreements, but it didn't seem to intend to unsettle them. A White House spokesperson emphasized that the executive order says it will be “consistent with applicable law” and referred to the European Commission's statement that the agreements aren't affected.
The two agreements in question are Privacy Shield, negotiated by the Commerce Department and the European Commission to let companies meet data protection requirements when transferring personal data across the Atlantic, and the U.S.-EU Umbrella Agreement, which covers personal data exchanged for preventing and investigating crime and terrorism.
The EU treats the agreements as treaties. In the U.S., they rely on laws including the Judicial Redress Act of 2016, but not the Privacy Act that Trump referenced in their executive order.
The dust-up prompted the law's sponsor, Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.), to do “damage control,” as their chief of staff, Bart Forsyth, termed it. Sensenbrenner released a statement Friday seeking to clarify that law protects the agreements from the executive order, which specifically says “to the extent consistent with applicable law.”
“I urge our European allies to be patient as we transition into the new Administration. In particular, I think the reaction to President Trump's new executive order is overblown,” Sensenbrenner said in a statement to POLITICO. “It would take an act of Congress to repeal it and there is no effort I'm aware of in either Congress or the Administration to do so. I remain committed to supporting both the Privacy Shield and the Umbrella Agreement—they are important pillars supporting the transatlantic relationship. I am prepared to defend them if they're challenged, but the Trump administration has not done anything to undermine them.”
(The only vote in the Senate Judiciary Committee against the Judicial Redress Act came from Sen. Jeff Sessions, Trump's pick for attorney general.)
The Trump administration has been working on a response to address the concerns since European officials reached out on Friday morning, and was preparing a public statement from the Commerce Department on Friday afternoon. The White House counsel's office is coordinating the effort, according to one technology industry official briefed on the issue. A Commerce Department spokesperson declined to comment.
“It would be very helpful for someone in the new administration to clarify that this executive order is not designed to undo Privacy Shield,” said Julie Brill, the former commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission and now co-head of Hogan Lovells' Privacy and Cybersecurity practice. "These will be learning lessons for folks in administration that when similar efforts are underway there will probably be more questions asked to understand what the implications would be."
In the interim, European officials — and the tech companies that would suffer if the order undercut confidence in the data agreement — have taken notice. While the order doesn't remove any rights directly afforded by the Privacy Shield, it adds to uncertainty around the deal, which was already being challenged in European court and is up for a scheduled review this spring.
The White House rolled out a burst of executive orders out of a desire to appear productive in Trump's first week, a person familiar with their planning told POLITICO. The orders were written by senior policy adviser Stephen Miller and chief strategist Steve Bannon, according to people familiar with the matter. Some were drafted by transition officials who aren't in the White House.
“There's a lot of benefit to vetting something like this that has a bunch of potential consequences,” said Justin Antonipillai, who worked on Privacy Shield as counselor to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker. “It's not clear to me what they were trying to accomplish with that language. For the broader relationship between the United States and Europe on these issues, it doesn't seem like a very good idea."
The Privacy Act provision was buried in an executive order about immigration, the same one that set deportation priorities and took steps to punish so-called sanctuary cities that don't cooperate.
The controversy flared up when a prominent member of European parliament tweeted that the executive order meant the European Commission would have to suspend Privacy Shield and sanction the U.S. for breaking the Umbrella Agreement. That set off a panic among companies and EU officials struggling to understand the motivation for and implications of Trump's action.
“I am here in Brussels now meeting with EU officials. The question they are asking is ‘Is Privacy Shield dead?' ” said Marc Rotenberg, the president of the advocacy group Electronic Privacy Information Center. “I said no. But it is truly like a Jenga Tower. Take out enough blocks and it will collapse.”
But closer examination led most experts to conclude the executive order, while unsettling, would have little direct impact.
“Initially I thought, to quote Trump, this was huge. This is going to create a real, major problem for the privacy shield,” said Aaron Tantleff, an intellectual property lawyer at Foley & Lardner. “My fear has quieted down a little bit it is still there.”
The European Commission also tried to reassure countries and companies that the Privacy Act protections Trump eliminated were never the legal basis for the protections it obtained from the U.S.
“The Commission negotiated two additional instruments to ensure that EU citizens' data is duly protected when transferred to the U.S.,” a spokesperson said, referring to Privacy Shield and the Umbrella Agreement.
While U.S. officials and tech groups work to quell European fears, some Silicon Valley allies remain perturbed. Even though the order doesn't undercut Privacy Shield protections, the order does direct agencies to reverse any internal policies affording Privacy Act protections to foreigners. That move is likely to affect the Department of Homeland Security, which had given foreigners some extra protections as a matter of practicality, and could further undermine European faith in the U.S. privacy outlook, Center for Democracy and Technology President Nuala O'Connor said.
“It simply sends the wrong signal,” they said.
Laurens Cerulus contributed reporting from Brussels.
Some people are under the misapprehension that therapy is for wusses. This couldn't be further from the truth. As Richard Taite, founder of Cliffside Malibu and big proponent of behavior change, told me earlier this year, “Not only do successful people not fear therapy, they embrace it…. Psychotherapy is a tool that creates success. Smart people use it.” And therapy is not just something that smart people use, it's something that most everybody should probably try during at least some point in their lives.
Here's why: Many of us grew up under the impression that internal stuff shouldn't be discussed – it should be swept under the rug. This is perhaps the single worst thing you can do for yourself. Stamping down your emotions and not working through your psychological issues – especially serious pain or abuse in the past – can culminate in a host of problems. If you need a numbers-based reason to convince you, depression alone is a major player in the global burden of disease, the leading cause of disability worldwide, and responsible for billions of dollars a year in lost work.
To discuss the benefits of therapy, I spoke with Marian Margulies, PhD, a psychologist in New York City and candidate in psychoanalysis at the Institute for Psychoanalytic Education at the NYU Medical Center. The beauty of “talk therapy,” especially forms like psychodynamic, is that it addresses not just the symptoms but also the causes of one's problems. Antidepressants, though essential for some people, don't exactly get to the underlying source. “If you're not getting to the cause of the pain,” says Margulies, “you're essentially chained to the past. Psychotherapy gets to the root.”
1. Therapy's effects persist over the long-haul
A huge benefit of talk therapy is that its effects are long-lasting. This is because you're not only working through stuff, but you're also developing the tools to help you deal with future stuff. “Psychodynamic treatment is durable over the years,” says Margulies. “The positive gains continue and grow over time as though some of the work gets further consolidated after therapy stops. This makes sense to me because it suggests that we continue to use the reflective lens in thinking about, talking about and expressing feelings about our inner lives after we end treatment. The whole talking-with-the-therapist process gets internalized so that self-therapy picks up where the actual therapy leaves off.” Though medication may be essential for some, it does run the risk of relapse after it's discontinued. The "getting-to-the-cause" aspect of therapy is a big reason why antidepressants and therapy together are believed to be most effective.
2. Physical symptoms get treated, too
Psychological trauma, or even general ennui, can trigger physical symptoms – and depression and anxiety are well known to have significant, and sometimes debilitating, physical effects. Going to therapy, assuming it's successful, can help these issues fade away. “There have been some studies that show that many physical ailments are ameliorated when someone engages in therapy,” says Margulies. “When people do not express feelings but swallow them and keep them buried and out of conscious awareness, one's body often reacts. It acts as a barometer that reads: danger! Something is amiss and needs attention. Somatizing via stomach aches, headaches, sleeping problems, and ulcers are just some of the ways our body reacts to stress and psychic pain.”
3. Repressed emotions will come back to haunt you later on
The most serious drawback of not talking about things may be that unexpressed feelings and traumas can pile up and explode later. “Lots of people avoid talking about their feelings about a whole host of things,” says Margulies. “But repressing or damping down one's feelings doesn't make the feelings go away. If anything, they linger and fester, only to explode when an innocuous comment is made.” Even if you don't have a full-on breakdown later on, not fully processing events and emotions often creates negative thought patterns that can inform every area in your life – your relationships with your spouse, parents, kids, coworkers, and even yourself. So learning how to process them can change how you maneuver in many different ways.
4. And the passive-aggressive shtick will fade away
When you work through ancient (or recent) anger, it actually gets processed so that it no longer has to seep out passive-aggressively. “Angry feelings are often expressed in a passive aggressive manner rather than a more direct and less aggressive manner,” says Margulies. “Someone who feels slighted might make a sarcastic remark in return, or not show up at an agreed upon time, ‘forgetting' the appointment.” So get rid of the passive-aggressive form of expression – your loved ones will thank you.
5. It will give you a whole new perspective on other people, too
An awesome benefit of therapy is that it not only helps you understand yourself better but it helps you understand other people. When we hold negative thoughts in without processing them, they become ingrained so that we see the world through that lens – and we make lots of assumptions that may or may not be true. “In my work with people in psychoanalytically oriented therapy,” says Margulies, “they come to see how they often make assumptions about what the other person intended. Then when they actually do a reality check by asking a friend what they were thinking when they said something, they are often surprised to hear they had a totally different take.” Without the clutter of your own (often mistaken) assumptions, it's a lot easier to understand others' intentions and motivations.
6. It helps you deal with future curve balls
Since big and small problems are going to come up from time to time, knowing how to deal with them in a healthy way is an essential skill. “Conflict is a part of everyday life,” says Margulies. “It's helpful to be aware of one's feelings around conflict. If, for example, you are angry with your boss who is piling up work for you when you are getting ready to go away, you are bound to feel resentment and conflict. By reflecting on what's going on outside (your boss' demands) and inside (your mounting anger, irritation, and fear of losing your job if you say ‘no'), you are in a better position to resolve the conflict. Talking things through with someone and reflecting on what feelings are evoked, and why, leads to a greater understanding of oneself. Then one is freer to think of ways to respond in a more proactive way.” Learning how not to get swallowed up by events, but instead how to form a game plan to deal with them, is the key (and it takes a lot of practice).
7. Talking about things gives them shape
Have you ever noticed how turning a problem around and around in your head often gets you precisely nowhere? It's so easy to feel dwarfed by a problem when it's just an amorphous blob in your head – but talking about it gives it a beginning, middle, and end. And that helps you wrap your brain around it. “When I think of the process of engaging in talk therapy, I think of the analogy with writing,” says Margulies. “The more you write, the more you know what you are trying to say – it clarifies your thinking. Similarly with talking and with talk therapy, one becomes more aware of what is making one feel anxious, sad, angry or frustrated. And then one is freer to decide how to manage these feelings or take action to alleviate them.”
Even if you can't get to therapy, just talking about a problem with a friend can be helpful: Lay out the issue, and it will become clearer, more logical, and therefore more manageable.
8. You know you're not alone
Seeing a psychologist can be a huge relief in-and-of itself since you know you're taking action against what ails you. It's also comforting just knowing that you have a built-in support structure that you can go to once a week. And, if you're so inclined, joining a support group for people grappling with similar issues as you – say, divorce – can be very helpful. “If one, for example, is newly divorced and feeling sad and lonely, then joining a support group might help alleviate some of the painful feelings.” Not that misery loves company, but it is true that being with people who are dealing with similar issues can be very reassuring.
9. It will rewire your brain
One of the coolest things about therapy is that it can bring about change at the level of the brain. We think of medication as changing the depressed brain, but there's very compelling evidence that talk therapy does the same. With brain imaging methods, psychotherapy has been shown to alter activity in the medial prefrontal cortex, the anterior cingulate cortex, the hippocampus, and the amygdala. These areas are involved in self-referential thoughts (“me”-centered worry thoughts), executive control, emotion, and fear. (For some interesting research and reviews, see here, here, and here.)
One very effective method, cognitive behavior therapy (CBT), helps people identify the negative thought patterns they fall back on habitually – which are no doubt wired into the brain like deep ruts – and replace them with new and more positive mental habits. In addition to helping people experience fewer symptoms of depression and anxiety, it, too, seems to bring about brain changes that are measurable.
10. You won't have to self-medicate anymore
Self-medicating to “deal” with psychological stuff is incredibly common. But it doesn't do anything to actually address what's going on – it just masks it. It also creates an addictive cycle, which may exacerbate the real problem. Getting to the root of your past stuff in therapy will, with time, obviate the need to self-medicate. When you're no longer living by the negative things in your past, the need to avoid them – and yourself – will disappear.
11. It enables you to teach the next generation a better way
The best thing about dealing with your own stuff is that, if you have kids, it helps you teach them a better way. For those who grew up in households where stuff just wasn't talked about, look how many decades later we're still dealing with the fallout of that method. “Parents can help their children learn a vocabulary of feelings early on by modeling it themselves,” says Margulies. “This gives children the feeling that it is not only okay but healthy to express themselves through all the colors of their emotions. That it is important to express anger when they feel they've been ignored or unfairly treated or when someone says something hurtful. The alternative is to repress the feeling, feel resentful, perhaps act out one's anger in defiant behavior. The time to start talking about feelings is as early as possible.”
* * *
People are starting to open up more about their personal struggles and mental health issues. The stigma seems seems to be fading, if slowly. If you feel therapy would benefit you, go for it. And if you can't, talk with friends – they will be grateful you opened up and it may give them the green light to do the same. Chances are it will help kick off some important dialogues.
Follow me @alicewalton or find me on Facebook.
It's not seriously disputed by anyone in a position of authority in the U.S. government—apart from the president himself—that Donald Trump holds their high office in considerable part because a foreign spy agency helped place them there. So now what?
Trump's advisers urge the country to shrug the matter off, to focus on jobs and healthcare and let this compromised president continue to receive the most secret intelligence and control the nation's armed forces. Another story in The Washington Post quoted this response to the latest shocking revelations from Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway:
“As their detractors suffer from this never-ending ‘Russian concussion,' the president has been tending to business as usual — bilateral meetings, progress on health care, tax and infrastructure reform, and job creation. Conjecture about the mood and momentum of the West Wing is inaccurate and overwrought. The pace is breakneck, the trajectory upward.”
Business as usual? How would that work? It obviously cannot. And in fact, it is not.
The U.S. government is already osmotically working around the presidency, a process enabled by the president's visible distaste for the work of governance. The National Security Council staff is increasingly a double-headed institution, a zone of struggle between Kushner-Flynn-Bannon types on one side, and a growing staff of capable, experienced, and Russia-skeptical functionaries on the other. The Senate has voted 97-2 to restrict the president's authority to relax Russia sanctions. It seems the president has been persuaded to take themselves out of the chain of command in the escalating military operations in Afghanistan. National-Security Adviser H.R. McMaster recently assured the nation that Trump could not have done much harm when they blabbed a vital secret to the Russian foreign minister in the Oval Office, precisely because the president was not briefed on crucial “sources and methods” information.
In their way, these workarounds are almost as dangerous to the American system of government as the Trump presidency itself. They tend to reduce the president to the status of an absentee emperor while promoting their subordinates into shoguns who exercise power in their name. Maybe that is the least-bad practicable solution to the unprecedented threat of a presidency-under-suspicion. But what a terrible price for the failure of so many American institutions—not least the voters!—to protect the country in 2016 from Russia's attack on its election and its democracy.
Trump talks about 'options' for dealing with Clinton
LOCK-HER-UP TALK: Donald Trump says they will have “lots of options” to go after HILLARY CLINTON if he's elected president, they told supporters today.
Campaigning in North Carolina, Trump called Clinton “the most corrupt politician ever to seek the office of the presidency,” a charged comment that sparked raucous “lock their up” chants from their supporters. The Republican presidential nominee then responded to the chants with an uncharacteristic suggestion, similar to President Barack Obama's counsel to “don't boo, vote.”
Story Continued Below
“Well, let's do this. Let's do this,” they advised. “Nov. 8, let's win. Let's win. Let's win,” before adding: “We win, we have lots of options. But we gotta win.”
Happy Friday, it's been a long week but it wouldn't be complete without your 2016 Blast. Henry C. Jackson (@henrycjjackson) is here to guide you through today's campaign news, so please send your tips, allegations, suggestions and fast-paced action thriller spec scripts (hey, why not): hjackson@politico.com.
2) MEASURING DRAPES: HILLARY CLINTON's transition team is beefing up its efforts as Election Day nears, a sign of confidence and preparation, POLITICO's Andrew Restuccia, Sarah Wheaton and Nancy Cook report. “With polls pointing to the likelihood of a Clinton win, their transition team is hiring staff, culling through the resumés of possible Cabinet nominees and reaching out to key Democrats for input, according to people familiar with the process. The heightened activity signals a strategic shift for the Clinton team, which had until recently kept a low profile amid fears that the campaign might be accused of overconfidence.”
3) A KHAN PREMIER: HILLARY CLINTON's campaign is deploying Khizr Khan in a campaign ad for the closing stretch of the campaign. “The father of Humayun Khan, a Muslim-American soldier killed in Iraq in 2004, thrust themselves into the election spotlight this summer at the Democratic National Convention, when they asked if the Republican nominee had even read the U.S. Constitution and told Trump they had "sacrificed nothing and no one On Friday Hillary Clinton's campaign released an ad starring the gold-star father. Khan comforts their wife Ghazala while they softly recite their question as footage of their son being laid to rest in Arlington National Cemetery plays on a nearby screen. ‘I want to ask Mr. Trump, would my son have a place in your America?,' Khizr Khan says in the ad titled “Captain Khan” after an image of Trump plays.”
4) [WIKI]LEAKS SINK [RELATION]SHIPS: HILLARY CLINTON may well win in a few weeks, but WikiLeaks' impact will be felt in the months ahead because it may poison their relationship with the so-called professional left, POLITICO's Kenneth P. Vogel reports. “If polls hold and Clinton wins the presidency, they will need the support of the professional left to offset what's expected to be vociferous Republican opposition to their legislative proposals and appointments. But among progressive operatives, goodwill for Clinton — and confidence in key advisers featured in the emails including John Podesta, Neera Tanden and Jake Sullivan — is eroding as WikiLeaks continues to release a daily stream of thousands of emails hacked from Podesta's Gmail account that is expected to continue until Election Day.”
5) PASSWORD IS TACO: Along the same lines, an unexpected twist in this campaign: John Podesta as a poster child for cybersecurity best practices thanks to WikiLeaks' disclosures. POLITICO's Martin Matishak explains: “The cascade of woes, which (HILLARY CLINTON's) campaign has not confirmed, appears to make Podesta just the latest Washington power player to join an inglorious club — the roster of senior government officials and political operatives who, like tens of millions of other Americans, have failed to take basic protections for their sensitive data. Others in the elite group include Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, CIA Director John Brennan and 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, whose personal emails have all suffered assault from digital intruders.”
BONUS BRANSON: Billionaire business person Richard Branson injected themselves into the the presidential campaign on Friday, recalling that, during their first encounter with DONALD TRUMP, the business person told Branson they would spend the remainder of their life trying to destroy five people they had asked to no avail to aid them after their latest bankruptcy. The English business mogul wrote about the experience on Friday.
TRAIL MIX: In today's campaign news, Oprah Winfrey gives an endorsement, of sorts. Al Smith V is not impressed. Politics used to be different. The map is shrinking for DONALD TRUMP, the jockeying is heating up for the DNC chairpersonship and Trump's first forays into Washington.
THANKS, I GUESS: Oprah Winfrey says of HILLARY CLINTON: “You don't have to like her.”
BOOM, ROASTED: Al Smith V says that DONALD TRUMP took it a little too far during last night's Al Smith dinner. More on Trump drawing boos there here.
A DIFFERENT ERA: CNN remembers the transition from George H.W. Bush to Bill Clinton.
STATES OF PLAY: The electoral map is looking pretty grim for DONALD TRUMP.
WHO'S NEXT: Jockeying is heating up for who will be the next chairperson or chairperson of the DNC.
PRIVATE UNIVERSITY: DONALD TRUMP's trying to keep groping claims out of the Trump University class action lawsuit.
WASHINGTON ARRIVAL: Remembering DONALD TRUMP's first foray into Washington D.C. (Washington Post)
DO YOU HEAR WHAT I HEAR?: Check out the latest POLITICO Nerdcast for a debate recap and a deep dive into the final weeks of the presidential campaign. Listen here, or download on iTunes or SoundCloud.
THEY SAID IT: “"I have not resigned but for personal reasons have had to take a step back from the campaign." — Jim Murphy, Donald Trump's national political director on their role with the Trump campaign.
MAGIC NUMBER: 12. That's HILLARY CLINTON's percentage point lead in a new poll of Virginia.
FOLLOW @POLITICO'S politics team: @PoliticoCharlie, @POLITICO_Steve, @PoliticoAlex, @anniekarni, @GlennThrush, @EliStokols, @katieglueck, @schreckreports, @gdebenedetti, @Hadas_Gold, @ec_schneider, @kyledcheney , @theodoricmeyer, @MarcACaputo, @PoliticoKevin,@mikeallen, @dlippman, @Danielstrauss4, @henrycjjackson, @shanegoldmacher, @KristinPolitico, @PoliticoScott, @Patrick_C_Reis, @dsamuelsohn
There you go — now you're caught up on the 2016 race. TBNR. We'll see you next week.
History Edit
At the 1998 Paris Motor Show, the two-seat, 2.5 m (98 in)-long Smart City Coupe (later named Smart Fortwo) was launched. This was the beginning of a new car brand and one of the more radical vehicle concepts to hit the European market since the bubble cars of the 1950s. It was also the beginning of a difficult period for Smart. The City Coupe had stability problems that were discovered only immediately prior to launch. These forced a package of alterations to be made that were both expensive and compromised the car's handling, ride and gear shift. Public concerns over the car's stability, combined with Smart's elitist marketing and the sheer radicality of the car's design, proved damaging to initial sales. Production projections were slashed from 200,000 per year to 80,000, close to disastrous for a new brand with just one product. Inside the company, the evangelical buzz surrounding the launch of the radical City Coupe quickly evaporated. With new management, new marketing initiatives and continuing revisions to the car's engineering to answer public concerns, future vehicle plans, including development of a four-seat model, had not been far advanced. Design and development Edit Roadster rear Under design director Jens Manske in autumn 1998, Smart's 14-person design and engineering team began to sketch possible future Smart cars. They soon realised that the powertrain of the City Coupe was ideal for a small sports car, with a compact turbo engine driving the rear wheels via a sequential 6 speed gearboxes. Following Smart's ‘reduce to the max' philosophy and general innovative approach, a concept for a super compact, practical and pure sports car was generated. Two quarter-scale exterior and two quarter-scale interior models were made in February 1999 with Volker Leutz's exterior and Christoph Machinek's interior proposals selected for development into full-size development models. The design of the car had progressed considerably by the time Michael Mauer officially arrived from Mercedes-Benz's Japan design center to take over Menske's position in May 1999. Mauer worked closely with the design team to quickly develop the roadster, with the intention now of producing a show car for the upcoming 1999 IAA motor show in Frankfurt. By June the full size models of the roadster were handed over to Stola in Italy for production of the show car model, which was produced in about three months for the car's debut at the Frankfurt show. The Roadster concept was well received at Frankfurt and helped to convince management that the car should be developed for production. At the same time a decision was made to develop Mauer's idea for a coupe version as a concept car for Paris motor show a year later. As development of the coupe concept began, so the roadster show car was developed over the following year with both exterior and interior designs completed by November 2000. However, colour and trim design continued until a year later. By early 2000 the Smart City Coupe had finally started to gain sales momentum, with its cabrio version making a significant addition to total Smart sales. In March Mauer left Smart for Saab, succeeded by Hartmut Sinkwitz in May. As the third design director of Smart during the Roadster's development, Sinkwitz had to bring the concept to production in a very short time. This task may have been made somewhat easier by the Roadster having been designed from the start to use existing powertrain and other City Coupe components. Given some of the advanced design features, it is a credit to the design team that so much of the concept car made it to production. Concept car Edit The ‘Roadster Coupe' as shown at the 2000 Paris Motor Show was already on its way to production form. It shared the design of the Roadster from the doors forward, but had a glass targa roof and rear structure resembling a small shooting-brake in the same way as the BMW Z3 coupe and the Saab 9X concept car developed under Mauer at Saab a few years later. Production versions of both Roadster and Roadster Coupe debuted together at the 2002 Paris Motor Show and were available to buy within a few months. Both cars were unique in the market, being significantly smaller than the Toyota MR2, MG TF, Fiat Barchetta and Mazda MX-5, but offering similar performance and practicality to the base versions of these cars while being significantly more fuel efficient.
Production Edit
Interior Smart Roadster. A Smart Roadster Coupé convertible. The Smart Roadster and Roadster Coupé were introduced in 2003, based on a stretched platform of the Fortwo with a full length of 3427 mm. The two variants are meant to be reminiscent of the British roadster of yore, such as the Triumph Spitfire or the MG B. Both the Roadster and Roadster Coupé are available with a removable Targa roof or an electrical softtop. The Roadster is powered by 45 or 60 kW (61 or 82 PS) versions of the turbocharged 698cc 3-cylinder Suprex engine in the rear, which is engineered by Mercedes-Benz. The Roadster Coupé has only the more powerful 60 kW (82 PS; 80 hp) engine. A steering wheel with Formula 1-style gearpaddles, to control the semi-automatic sequential transmission, is optional. Weighing as little as 790 kg (1,742 lb), the Roadster is intended to provide the emotion of driving a sports car at an affordable cost. Both the Roadster and Roadster Coupé are available in Brabus-tuned versions with power increased to 74 kW (101 PS; 99 hp). The Brabus versions have a different twin sports exhaust, lower suspension, polished six-spoke aluminum alloy Monoblock VI 17" wheels (205/40 ZR17 at the front and 225/35 ZR17 at the rear), front spoiler, side skirts and radiator grille. Exclusive Brabus (Xclusive) interior includes leather trimmed dashboard, alloy-effect accent parts, instrument graphics, leather/aluminium gearknob with Brabus labelled starter button, aluminium handbrake handle (which fouls the central armrest), aluminium pedals and Brabus labeled floor mats. The Brabus version also features stronger clamping of the clutch plates and a faster gearchange. The Monoblock wheels are known to be very soft and as a result are very easy to buckle. The lacquer on these wheels is also very poor, and corrosion can occur very early in the life of the wheel. Despite a projected break even of only 8-10,000 units per year, first year sales almost doubled this estimate. However, some Smart Roadsters leaked and production ceased due to the warranty work and other costs reaching an average of €3000 per vehicle. While a critical success, the Smart Roadster was, due to these costs, an economic failure for the company. Influential British motoring television show and magazine Top Gear praised the Roadster, awarding it Fun Car Of The Year for 2005. 43,091 Roadsters were built and put on the shop fronts, with chassis numbers ranging from 00,001 to around 43,400.
Brabus V6 Bi-Turbo prototypes Edit
Smart Roadster Coupe Brabus. Brabus Coupe, rear In 2003, German tuninghouse Brabus created a prototype version of the Roadster Coupé with two merged 3-cylinder engines to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Solituderennen. This V6 bi-turbo powerplant had a maximum power of 160 kW (218 PS; 215 hp) for a weight of only 840 kg (1,852 lb), giving it the same power-to-weight ratio as a Porsche 911 Carrera 4S. Smart claimed the car could accelerate to 100 km/h (62 mph) in under five seconds. Since the twin-turbo V6 engine occupies almost twice as much space as their 3-cylinder engines, the fuel tank had to be relocated to the nose of the car, where a luggage compartment used to be. It comes in the form of a Formula 1-type foamrubber fuel bladder. The bigger engine also forced a change from separate coil springs and dampers to concentric units to support the de Dion rear suspension. Ten cars were built and presented at the Castle Solitude. They are not available for sale and are not even allowed to be driven on public roads in Germany. Some of Mercedes' race drivers, like Markus Winkelhock, drove guests around the event's race track.
Special editions Edit
Smart Roadster Collector's Edition. Smart Roadster Collector's Edition. In March 2006 Smart unveiled the final variant of the Roadster at the Geneva Motor Show: a limited collector's edition. It was based on the top model Brabus Xclusive with 101 PS (74 kW; 100 hp) and came with a satin brown-metallic paint job. The interior had brown leather and higher quality materials were used extensively. It had the new Runline aluminium wheels and Brabus exhaust, front spoiler and side fenders. Of 50 planned cars only 30 were made.[citation needed] A limited edition Roadster Coupe Racing edition (RCR) was released in 2005 in the UK. Only 50 in the world were made and featured all the Brabus trimmings plus special black Alcantara and leather seats with red diamond pattern stitching. The seats were not heated as they are in the main Brabus model. The black Alcantara and red stitching also featured on the dash and door panels. Interior door handles and clock surrounds were finished in red to match the exterior paintwork. Each comes with a numbered plaque on the glovebox - stating the build number - RCR UK #/50. These cars were finished in Ferrari Red with matching light surrounds and bumper sections, the tridion safety cell being all silver. They were made to look like the V6 bi turbo and came with a free optional SB2 power upgrade kit for the engine, which raised the standard 80 bhp (60 kW) to 90 bhp (67 kW). The reason they were not fitted with the 101 PS (74 kW; 100 hp) engine is that the cars came off the production line in 2004 as normal 80 PS (59 kW; 79 hp) engined roadsters before being given the Brabus makeover. The SB2 upgrade was optional to allow customers the option for lower insurance and road tax/CO2 emissions. So some RCRs did not have the SB2 upgrade carried out when new. There were 50 right-hand drive cars (RCR 90) built especially for the UK with the SB2 kit and 90 hp (67 kW). Additionally BRABUS built 7 left-handed cars (RCR 90) for the rest of Europe and only 12 cars of the RCR 101 were altogether built left-handed by BRABUS with the real BRABUS 101 HP engine. One prototype and 11 numbered cars. An additional, UK and Sweden-only 'Finale Edition' was unveiled in April 2006. This model came in a variety of colour combinations, including an exclusive speed silver and black tridion with 17-inch Runline alloys and 'flow silver' interior components. It also featured leather door and cockpit trim and a central arm rest.
Project Kimber Edit
Main article: Project Kimber In 2006, David James initiated Project Kimber, an attempt to restart production of the Smart Roadster in the United Kingdom. Initially intended to be rebadged as an MG model,[1] after an unsuccessful bid for the MG marque, the revised Roadster was later referred to as the AC Ace.[2] However, as of 2013, the project appears to be dormant.[citation needed]
Knight and Day Edit
In the 2010 movie Knight and Day, the Smart Roadster appears in the final chase scene. These vehicles were retrofitted with an engine from a Suzuki GSX-R motorcycle to improve power and throttle response, which was accomplished with a kit made by British company "Smartuki". Three of the cars were bike powered, and three more had conventionally tuned 698 cc 3-cylinder engines featuring ECU remap, cold air intake/filter, performance exhaust, stiffer engine mounts, improved brakes, and lowered suspension by a Smart specialist in Hampshire England.
The Fourth Industrial Revolution has arrived. The first was the steam engine-driven Industrial Revolution; the second involved the innovations from Henry Ford's assembly line. Third, microelectronics and computer power appeared on factory floors. Now, manufacturing businesses are beginning to integrate robotics, automation and other data-driven technologies into their workflows.
Robots have taken over difficult, dangerous and repetitive physical tasks, improving factory safety, worker comfort and product quality. The next phase of labor innovation will do the same thing for cognitive work, removing mentally stressful and repetitive tasks from people's daily routines.
Human work will become more versatile and creative. Robots and people will work more closely together than ever before. People will use their unique abilities to innovate, collaborate and adapt to new situations. They will handle challenging tasks with knowledge-based reasoning. Machines enabled by the technologies that are now becoming commonplace – virtual assistants like Siri and Alexa, wearable sensors like FitBits and smartwatches – will take care of tedious work details.
People will still be essential on the factory floors, even as robots become more common. Future operators will have technical support and be super-strong, super-informed, super-safe and constantly connected.
We call this new generation of tech-augmented human workers, both on factory floors and in offices, “Operator 4.0.” There are several types of enhancements available, which can be used individually or in combination to put humans at the heart of this technological revolution.
Super strong
One straightforward enhancement would let workers wear robotic exoskeletons to enhance their strength. A “super-strength operator” could let a human truly control the physical power of a large robot. In today's warehouses and construction sites, workers risk injury and exhaustion by handling heavy objects themselves. Or they are forced to compromise, using a more powerful tool with less adaptability, like a forklift.
The benefits go well beyond the workplace. Of course, a worker in a powered robotic suit could easily handle extremely heavy objects without losing the flexibility of natural human movements. The worker would also be far less likely to suffer severe injuries from accidents or overwork. And at the end of a day, a super-strength worker could take off the exoskeleton and still have energy to play with the kids or spend time with friends.
Super informed
Fighter pilots use heads-up displays, which provide them with crucial information right on the cockpit windshield and directly in their line of sight. This is “augmented reality,” because it displays information within a live view of the world. It used to be very specialized and expensive technology. Now, Microsoft's HoloLens makes it available for consumers.
An “augmented operator” can get directions or assistance without interrupting the task they or they are working on. Often, when new equipment or processes are developed, trainers need to travel long distances to factories, staying for weeks to teach workers what to do. Designers do the same, getting feedback for refinements and improvements. All that travel takes up a huge amount of time and is extremely expensive. With augmented reality available, it is often unnecessary.
A worker wearing a set of smart glasses can receive individualized, step-by-step instructions displayed right in front of their or their eyes, no matter where they or they are looking. With earbuds and a microphone, they or they could talk directly to trainers in real time.
Super safe
Many manufacturing environments are hazardous, involving heavy equipment, caustic chemicals and other dangers that can maim and kill human workers. A “healthy operator” may be equipped with wearable sensors tracking pulse rate, body temperature, chemical exposure or other factors that indicate risks of injury.
This type of system is already available: Truck drivers can wear the Maven Co-Pilot, a hands-free headset that detects fatigue symptoms, like head-bobbing movements. It can also ensure drivers check their rear-view mirrors regularly to stay aware of nearby traffic. It can even provide reminders to take scheduled breaks. This helps keep the truck's driver safe and improves everyone else's road safety.
And beyond…
Possibilities are limitless. An “analytical operator” would wear a monitor showing real-time data and analytics, such as information on chemicals in a sewage treatment plant or pollutants at an incinerator. A “collaborative operator” may be linked to collaborative robots, or co-bots, like the assembly assistant YuMi. A “smarter operator” could be equipped with an intelligent virtual personal assistant, like an advanced Siri or Alexa.
There does not have to be conflict between robots and humans, with machines taking people's jobs and leaving them unemployed. Technology should be designed with collaboration in mind. That way, companies and workers alike will be able to capitalize on the respective strengths of both human and machine. What's more, the inherent flexibility of “Operator 4.0” workers will also help to ensure workplaces of the future that can change and adapt. That means getting ever more efficient and safer, as new technologies emerge.
A few weeks ago, readers of the New York Post were confronted with a story whose sensational title was characteristic of the tabloid: “I'm a Guy Again! ABC newsman who switched genders wants to switch back.” Replete with pictures of Don Ennis both as a woman and a man, the article informed readers that the ABC news editor “strolled into the newsroom last May wearing a little black dress and an auburn wig and announced they were transgender and splitting from their wife. They wanted to be called Dawn.”
By August, Ennis said that they had suffered a bout of amnesia, which led to the realization that they want to live their life again as Don. The newsman is now asking their co-workers and “all who accepted me as a transgender to now understand that I was misdiagnosed…I am already using the men's room and dressing accordingly.” They also have reassured the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community that “even though I will not wear the wig or the makeup or the skirts again, I promise to remain a strong straight ally, a supporter of diversity and an advocate for equality and other LGBT issues including same-sex marriage.”
It is no surprise that Ennis would feel compelled to continue their support of the LGBT community—even though they are no longer participating in the transgender lifestyle. It is likely that if they were viewed as unsupportive of those who experience gender-identity disorder, they would be quickly ostracized in their newsroom community—and beyond.
Transgender issues have been prominent in the news all summer. Most recently, on August 22 Army Pvt. Bradley Manning, sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking classified documents, announced that they intend to begin hormone treatments so they can live the rest of their life as a woman named Chelsea. Claiming that the Army's “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” policy contributed to psychological problems and to their gender-identity disorder, Manning has stated that they want to begin hormone therapy as soon as possible. The Army has said that it does not provide hormone therapy or sex-reassignment surgery, but Manning's lawyers have said they hope the military “does the right thing” and pays for the treatment, so that the soldier does not have to sue in military or civilian court.
Catholic teachings on transgender issues
Catholics are called to treat all—including all within the LGBT community—with compassion. Yet the Church maintains that people may not change what Pope Benedict XVI has called “their very essence.” In a speech at the Vatican last December, Pope Benedict directly addressed transgender issues by cautioning Catholics about “destroying the very essence of the human creature through manipulating their God-given gender to suit their sexual choices.” Pope Benedict warned that “when freedom to be creative becomes the freedom to create oneself, then necessarily the Maker themselves is denied and ultimately man too is stripped of their dignity as a creature of God.”
Certainly, Church teaching allows for the acknowledgment that there can be a biological reason for gender-identity disorder. But it also allows for the possibility of other dimensions to this disorder—a sociological dimension and a psychological dimension—that can never be addressed through cross-dressing or surgical intervention.
But, in the secular world, it has become heretical even to suggest such a thing. In fact, it has become heretical even to suggest that we should not be celebrating the transgender movement. Most recently, a faithful Catholic friend of mine posted a casual observation on Facebook, suggesting that a television cooking show called “Chopped” might not be the appropriate venue for a discussion of transgender issues. The host of the show lauded one of the participants on the program for being transgender. My friend casually—and respectfully—mentioned the television program in a Facebook post. They were immediately suspended from Facebook.
It is clear that Facebook is not a place that allows debate on what has now been defined as the biological origins of gender-identity disorder. Facebook shut down that debate at once. But, fortunately, there are still safe places—like Catholic World Report—where we can ask a question such as: What about people—many of them psychiatrists, psychiatrists, and sociologists—who think that gender-identity disorder may have a psychological or a sociological basis, rather than an entirely biological basis? In the past it was possible to ask this kind of question.
Contagion theory
In 2000, an article titled “A New Way to be Mad,” written by physician and philosopher Carl Elliott and published in The Atlantic, asked this kind of question. In their article, Elliott suggested “that our cultural and historical conditions have not just revealed transsexuals but have created them. That is, once ‘transsexual' and ‘gender-identity disorder' and ‘sex-reassignment surgery' became a common linguistic occurrence, more people began conceptualizing and interpreting their experience in these terms. They began to make sense of their lives in a way that hadn't been available to them before, and to some degree they actually became the kinds of people described by these terms.”
Elliott writes that gender identity disorder is
far more complicated than the ‘trapped in the wrong body' summary would suggest. For some patients seeking sex-reassignment surgery, the wish to live as a member of the opposite sex is itself a sexual desire. Ray Blanchard, a psychologist at the University of Toronto's Clarke Institute of Psychiatry, studied more than 200 men who were evaluated for sex-reassignment surgery.
According to Elliot, Blanchard found
an intriguing difference between two groups: men who were homosexual and men who were heterosexual, bisexual, or asexual. The women trapped in a man's body tag fit the homosexual group relatively well. As a rule, these men had no sexual fantasies about being a woman; only 15 percent said they were sexually excited by cross-dressing, for example. Their main sexual attraction was to other men.
Not so for the men in the other group—almost all were excited by fantasies of being a woman… But here sexual desire is all about sexual identity—the sexual fantasy is not about someone or something else but about yourself. Anne Lawrence, a transsexual physician and champion of Blanchard's work, calls this group “men trapped in men's bodies.”
Dr. Paul McHugh, psychiatrist-in-chief at Johns Hopkins Hospital, was so concerned about the psychological origins of gender-identity disorder that they halted the practice of sex-reassignment surgery at their institution. They wrote about this decision in the November 2004 issue of First Things and concluded that the research demonstrated that Johns Hopkins should no longer participate in what they called “unusual and radical treatment” for “mental disorders.” McHugh, like Blanchard, identified two different groups seeking sex-reassignment:
One group consisted of guilt-ridden homosexual men who saw a sex change as a way to resolve their conflicts over homosexuality by allowing them to behave sexually as females with men. The other group, mostly older men, consisted of heterosexual and some bisexual males who found intense sexual arousal in cross-dressing as females.
McHugh began to realize that continuing sex-reassignment surgery at Johns Hopkins was “fundamentally cooperating with a mental illness,” concluding that “as psychiatrists, I thought, we would do better to concentrate on trying to fix their minds and not their genitalia.”
An increase in gender-identity disorder in children
Two weeks ago, California's Governor Jerry Brown signed a controversial bill into law allowing transgender public school students to use bathrooms and play on sports teams that fit their preferred gender identities. The law will cover the state's 6.2 million public elementary and high school students.
As advocates for the gay and lesbian social movement have done for decades, advocates of the California law claim that it will reduce bullying against transgender students. Masen Davis, the executive director of the Transgender Law Center, said, “Now every transgender student in California will be able to get up in the morning knowing that when they go to school as their authentic self they will have the same fair chance at success as their classmates.”
Carl Elliott's prescient observation that cultural and historical conditions have not just revealed transsexuals but may actually be creating them has shown itself to be correct in the years since their Atlantic article appeared. “Transsexual” and “gender-identity disorder” have become common terms, and more people have interpreted their own experience according to these terms—some have even done so for their children. In the past, parents who “cross-dressed” their young children or raised them as the opposite of their biological gender were viewed negatively. They are now empowered to do so.
In June, World Magazine reported on a case in which a Colorado school district was accused of discriminating against a six-year-old boy because it would not allow them to use the girls' bathroom. According to a report by the state's Civil Rights Division released by the family's attorney, the child has “identified as a female since an early age,” and has attended school as a girl since kindergarten. They used the girls' restroom in kindergarten until late 2012, when the principal informed the parents that little Coy would have to use the boys' restroom or a gender-neutral staff lavatory. Coy's parents withdrew them from school and filed a complaint with the Colorado Civil Rights Division.
These kinds of cases will continue to emerge. California is only the first state to pass a law like this. School officials in Massachusetts, Connecticut, Washington, and Colorado have adopted similar regulations and guidelines. And, once again, Catholic teachings on transgender issues will be contested. Pope Benedict was courageous in speaking out on this, but a papal pronouncement may be of little help to those of us on the front-lines in the coming transgender culture wars.
As other reviews have stated, this is the TV series for the very popular Tenchi Muyo! that aired back in 1995, dubbed 'Tenchi Universe' here in the US. As such, it's thematically very different from the two OVA collections for Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki that aired from 1992 to 1995 in Japan. Influenced heavily by OVA co-writer Naoko Hasegawa, the series is structured in a much more contained, orderly overall story arc from beginning to end.
Briefly covering some of the major differences, characters shift places: instead of Ryoko, it is Washu who is exiled and imprisoned on Earth near the Masaki home in Okayama, and is the lone polycentenarian of the cast, a consummate mid-scientist and tinkerer. The young Ryoko, no longer Washu's "daughter" of sorts, instead is actually portrayed as an infamous space pirate and bandit (unlike the vague allusions to it in the OVA) whose career only comes to an end when they and the Galaxy Police detective pursuing her, Mihoshi, take their fight to Earth. Princess Ayeka, a childhood acquaintance of Ryoko who is no longer related to Tenchi (having only known of the legendary Juraian prince Yosho by reputation, rather than being betrothed to him) answers their S-O-S, and soon fines themselves on an indefinite vacation there as well. Sasami (still Ayeka's younger sister, and considerably more savvy and spunky in this appearance) does the same after failing to rescue their wayward sister.
After this, they're joined short order by Universe's most memorable original character and partner of Mihoshi, Detective Kiyone. An original creation of Hasegawa apparently, Kiyone's probably Tenchi Muyo's most successful breakout character (and far more popular then the similarly-named 'Granny' Kiyone of the OVA series), and appears in every version of the series except those based off the OVA, and it's not surprising when you see them in action with Mihoshi. Another memorable TV series addition is Nagi, a sort of anti-Ryoko with their own cabbit-spaceship who, while not a superhuman, still manages to be the universe's most famed bounty hunter (capable of kidnapping both Tenchi and defeating Ryoko in their first appearance). The series' Kagato also makes an appearance, towards the end, but is generally not as memorable or interesting as their counterpart at the end of the first OVA. Overall, the characters avoid the sort of convoluted, jumbled family tree that the series creator Masaki Kajishima eventually put into place in the OVAs and associated series (like the highly disappointing Tenchi Muyo GXP or the rather unusual Tenchi Muyo: War on Geminar), and the famed Tenchi harem itself is much smaller--Ryoko and Ayeka vie for their affections, but by and large, Sasami is more interested keeping the household together, Washu more interested in their experiments, Kiyone does not fall for Tenchi at all and Mihoshi much more emotionally attached to their partner than the young Earthling. Not surprisingly for a TV series versus an OVA, there's a lot less raunchy sexual humor as well, and the series has a higher emphasis on slapstick and situation comedy.
So that's the series. As for the DVD package itself, it's a very respectable transfer in an affordable boxset. My only complaint is that, unlike the high-production OVA series (including the rather disappointingly-animated third OVA), the TV series isn't available in a HD format in the United States, nor is it streamed in HD from Funimation, probably a reflection of its status as regular TV series. That isn't really the fault of this particular release, but the chances of getting a bluray release of Tenchi Universe seem very slim, at best. Visually, the series holds up respectably well, though it isn't the stunning visual treat that the first two OVAs are (though it is visually superior to the third OVA). The two Tenchi Universe! films, Tenchi Muyo In Love! and Tenchi Forever (sometimes called 'Tenchi Muyo In Love! 2') are available, as part of the three-film Tenchi movie collection (the film 'Daughter of Darkness', despite the appearance of Kiyone, is not related to the TV series).
Lack of HD aside, if it's your favorite take on Tenchi Muyo! or you just want to own the TV series, it's hard to argue for $20.00 US for 26 episodes. Definitely grab it if you're not subscribing to Funimation's streaming service (there is little, if any difference between the dubbed and subtitled versions they stream, and those two versions you can watch on these DVDs).
Before the first match of the season, Houston Dynamo head coach Wilmer Cabrera hinted that everyone on the team had to be ready to play their part during the season. A mixture of injuries and international absences have given them some early looks at that depth after the first month of play.
Goalkeeper Joe Willis (right knee) has been out since late preseason and defenders Agus (left hamstring) and George Malki (left ACL), midfielder Juan David Cabezas (concussion), and forward Romell Quioto (dislocated shoulder) have since joined them on the injury list. Even with those injuries and regular starters DaMarcus Beasley and Alberth Elis operating as substitutes after international duty, the Dynamo continued their hot start with a 4-1 win over the New York Red Bulls.
“The depth of the team has been positive,” said Cabrera. “We see different players, but our mentality, our intensity and our tactics don't change. If we don't change, that's going to be good. They all have to bring the reasons why they're here. Today was very positive for us, so we have to have depth in our team."
Six players have featured in the starting 11 in all four of the Dynamo's matches this season: Tyler Deric, Adolfo Machado, A.J. DeLaGarza, Ricardo Clark, Alex and Erick Torres. Two of the players who earned their first starts of the season last Saturday were forwards Mauro Manotas and Andrew Wenger, last season's top goal scorers.
“Mauro did very well,” Cabrera said after Saturday's result. “He is a goal scorer and they kept insisting, keeping the goalie busy. That also helps Erick, because it keeps the defenders busy with other players. The same happened with Andrew, they generated opportunities, which makes that everyone can have opportunities.”
The defense has also seen new faces in the lineup with Jalil Anibaba, a constant contributor in 2016, getting their first start of the season last Saturday and newcomer Dylan Remick, who has now featured in three games this season. Remick also got their first career MLS goal on Saturday with the tying tally against New York.
“I am really excited to be here,” Remick said after training on Tuesday. “Really happy to be able to contribute in any way to this team. Obviously, a goal helps, but the wins are all the more important. This team is doing really well, so I am happy to be part of it."
The depth of this team has been molded by the internal competition instilled by Cabrera and their coaching staff. Cabrera has stressed several times already this season that the opportunities to contribute will be there, and that players have to be prepared to seize them.
“That's the goal,” said Cabrera. “Whether it be five minutes, 70 minutes, 90 minutes — they need to come in and play with confidence. The important thing is that they are confident because they have the support of their teammates and coaching staff.”
LAUDERHILL – Another forward will be joining the mix for Orlando City.
The Lions are putting the finishing touches on a deal to sign Northern Ireland international Martin Paterson, a source with knowledge of the deal confirmed. Sky Sports first reported that Paterson was flying to Orlando on Tuesday for a physical to complete the deal.
Paterson's ties run deep with several people within the club. The former Stoke City striker played with and against midfielder Lewis Neal and has known Orlando City coach Adrian Heath dating back to their days at Stoke City.
The 27-year-old striker spent the past two seasons with Huddersfield Town, scoring just six goals, including one on loan with Bristol City, since joining the Championship side. Paterson scored 13 league goals in three straight seasons in England from 2007-09 with both Scunthorpe United and Burnley. They also netted 18 goals in four seasons from 2009-2013 with Burnley.
Paterson's best season came in their first with Burnley when they netted 19 goals across all competitions and helped Burnley earn promotion to the Premier League. They scored four Premier League goals for Burnley in 2009-10.
Paterson scored two goals in international play last year with Northern Ireland and has three international goals in 18 caps with their country.
The signing would give Orlando City four strikers on the roster – Jairo Arrieta, Danny Mwanga, Bryan Róchez and Paterson – and Colombian Carlos Rivas is an option at forward as well. With Orlando City eyeing Canadian forward Cyle Larin with the No. 1 overall pick in Thursday's MLS SuperDraft, the Lions could be active in loaning or moving one or two of those forwards before the season – either to USL PRO affiliate Louisville City or elsewhere.
Email at ptenorio@tribune.com. For more soccer news, visit OrlandoSentinel.com/OnThePitch or follow on Twitter @oslions.
Press Release Sanders Statement on Donald Trump March 12, 2016 Twitter
Facebook
Email Link
CHICAGO – U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders issued the following statement today on disturbances of Donald Trump rallies:
“As is the case virtually every day, Donald Trump is showing the American people that they are a pathological liar. Obviously, while I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump's rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests.
“What caused the protests at Trump's rally is a candidate that has promoted hatred and division against Latinos, Muslims, women, and people with disabilities, and their birther attacks against the legitimacy of President Obama.
“What caused the violence at Trump's rally is a campaign whose words and actions have encouraged it on the part of their supporters. They recently said of a protester, ‘I want to punch them in the face.' Another time Trump yearned for the old days when the protester would have been punched and “carried out on a stretcher.' Then just a few days ago a female reporter apparently was assaulted by their campaign manager.
“When that is what the Trump campaign is doing, we should not be surprised that there is a response.
“What Donald Trump must do now is stop provoking violence and make it clear to their supporters that people who attend their rallies or protest should not be assaulted, should not be punched, should not be kicked. In America people have a right to attend a political rally without fear of physical harm.”
Egyptian police claim to have shot dead four men responsible for the murder of Italian student Giulio Regeni, sparking confusion and outrage among those who believe that evidence in the case points to a cover-up of state involvement.
In a statement provided to the Guardian late on Thursday night, as well as posted on the ministry of interior Facebook page, Egyptian officials said police had targeted four men “specialised in impersonating police officers, kidnapping foreigners and stealing their money” and “in an exchange of fire between police forces and the men, all the gang members were killed”.
Regeni's body was discovered showing signs of torture on the Cairo-Alexandria desert road on 3 February, following their mysterious disappearance on 25 January. Blows and burns on their body were consistent with torture by Egyptian security officials, but the country's public prosecution office and ministry of justice declined to question any members of the security services in connection with their death.
Italian politicians immediately cast doubt on the Egyptian claims. “I'm sorry, I don't buy it,” tweeted former prime minister Enrico Letta. MP Francesco Ferrara told the Ansa news agency the claim left too many questions unanswered, including why Regeni had been detained for days before being killed. “The Italian government and prosecutors shouldn't give any credibility to what seems like a false reconstruction,” they said.
“According to Egypt, a gang just happened, after two months, to still have Giulio's bag and IDs safely preserved and easily retrievable during a shoot-out,” said Paz Zarate, a friend of Regeni's.
The circumstances of Regeni's torture and murder have left Italian officials and citizens aghast. Egypt has repeatedly insisted it conducted an impartial investigation in cooperation with Italian counterparts - including a search of Regeni's apartment inCairo - yet Italian officials conducted their own investigation into Regeni's death, including a separate autopsy.
The doctoral student disappeared while researching trade unions in Egypt, a subject considered sensitive in the years following the country's 2011 revolution.
The gang members named as Regeni's killers are detailed as aged between 26 and 60, with three of them listed as accused in a large number of other cases of theft from foreign nationals.
The statement said a search of one gang member's house unearthed a red duffel bag with an Italian flag that contained Regeni's student cards, credit cards, mobile phones and a brown wallet with their passport in, as well as a second wallet emblazoned with the word “love” and other personal effects such as sunglasses.
Egyptian brigadier general Hathem Fathy denied a child had been present after pictures of an official search appeared to show a child's hands in the background. Photograph: Uncredited/AP
Egypt's interior ministry attached photos of Regeni's identification documents to the statement. In conversation with the Guardian, spokesperson Brig Gen Hathem Fathy said the photos were taken when the police searched the house of “one of the gangsters responsible for killing Regeni”.
The images show Regeni's documents laid on a large silver tray or held up against a wall. When asked why a child's hands holding a mobile phone are clearly visible in the background of one of the pictures purporting to be of a police search, Fathy answered by repeatedly insisting that “no children” were involved or present.
Egypt's police and interior ministry also declined to state why the gang members were killed, rather than arrested.
The private Egyptian newspaper Tahrir News published a series of gruesome pictures purportedly of a microbus following the claimed shootout on Thursday, with the bullet-ridden corpses of at least two gang members inside. At least 27 bullet holes are shown on the front windscreen of the bus and no visible weapons next to either body.
Officials from Egypt's public prosecution office had earlier denied any link between the gang and Regeni's killing. It was some hours later that the official statement was released providing details of the raid and the alleged pictures of the house search.
The Italian foreign ministry did not comment on the news immediately. But the development was met with incredulity and outrage on the homepage of the major Italian newspaper La Repubblica. Calling the allegations by the Egyptian ministry that Regeni was killed by a criminal gang “something that does not even vaguely represent the truth about the murder”, a prominent comment piece on the newspaper's website said that the only thing worse than the “concealment of truth” was “a truth of convenience, unverifiable”.
The words echoed an earlier statement by the Italian prime minister, Matteo Renzi, who said in the weeks after Regeni's murder that Italy would not accept a “convenient truth” in its quest for answers.
Citing unnamed Italian investigators and prosecutors involved in the case, the Italian news agency Ansa later said there were three inconsistencies in Cairo's latest version of events, which Italian authorities considered fundamental: it was not seen as credible that a band of kidnappers would have maintained Regeni's documents and risked discovery if they had killed him; it was seen as unbelievable that kidnappers who were looking for money would have tortured them for over a week; and there were doubts about the alleged firefight that killed the men who purportedly killed Regeni.
The unnamed sources also said Egypt had not yet responded to two requests for information. Italian investigators have not yet received video images from the area around where Regeni lived, and the two nearby underground stations. They have also requested but not received certain mobile phone records that could have helped identify Regeni's movements on the night they disappeared.
With the SpaceX Dragon 3 capsule that was recently berthed to the ISS, NASA deployed the HDEV (High Definition Earth Viewing) experiment to space. It consists of four of the shelf HD video cameras in a common housing with a video encoder and router.
Today ISSs robotic arm extracted the box from the Dragons unpressurized cargo hold and mounted it outside of the Columbus module.
Live stream showing video of all four cameras in a predefined sequence.
The four cameras are mounted so that one camera is pointing forward into the stations velocity vector, two cameras to the back and one down towards the earth.
The housing insulates the cameras from the extreme temperatures and vacuum of space but will provide no significant shielding against radiation. That's on purpose as the main reason for the experiment is to find out how none radiation hardened cameras, especially their sensors, will fare in this environment.
The video signal is encoded to a H264 stream for the downlink and broadcasted live on a ustream channel. The stream will show all four installed cameras in a preprogrammed sequence.
This is an interesting contribution in the race towards live satellite maps, several companies are now taking part in, as the possibility to use off the shelf camera would definitely limit the costs for such ventures.
Following that legitimate-looking design sketch of the OnePlus 5 – which we confirmed as a prototype and not the final OnePlus 5 – our source has now provided us with a photo of another prototype. As I mentioned in the previous post, this is not what we're expecting from the OnePlus 5 when it launches in June or July, but it does provide a nice insight into what OnePlus was thinking, and seemingly decided against, in the build up to its 2017 flagship. One thing you're not going to want to hear is that it looks like we're in for a significant price hike this year.
Back to the photo for a moment, the two most striking details are of course the oft-rumored dual camera setup and the seemingly re-used OnePlus 3/3T chassis in which it lies. Interestingly enough, it corroborates a dubious earlier image revealed by India Today – one that we took issue with as a fake. While we're not saying that image was actually​ legit, it's possible it was created by someone that saw this early prototype.
We have no dimensions to go on, so we won't venture any guesses as to the screen size or resolution, so we'll leave it up to you to decide if you think this device looks any bigger than the OnePlus 3T. We also note the larger spacing between the volume rocker and the alert slider.
We were unfortunately unable to procure a photo of the front of the device, but we wouldn't be surprised if it revealed smaller bezels than any previous “flagship killer” based on other information we have received (dual front-facing cameras have also been rumored).
It goes without mentioning that we're not seeing a fingerprint scanner relocated to the back of the device here, so the nature of the front-facing fingerprint scanner will also have to remain a mystery for now, whether it remains a solid state depression beneath the display or becomes an under-glass solution like that originally rumored for the Galaxy S8.
OnePlus 5 price hike
Our source also had a few things to say on pricing, revealing that the OnePlus 5 will use “more costly components” and that OnePlus is “looking at a significantly higher price point due to components and design”. Our source does note that pricing is not yet confirmed, but that it will definitely be higher than previous devices in order to “signal competitiveness with the biggest brands” and could be as high as $650.
This detail, if it pans out, will surely upset a lot of die hard OnePlus fans, but all things considered, is there anything about the OnePlus 3T that wouldn't have made it worthy of that kind of price tag (barring OnePlus' debatable track record where customer service is concerned)?
OnePlus has been steadily increasing the price of its flagships with each new iteration, so if the OnePlus 5 comes with a meaningful upgrade in both design and materials, then a concomitant price increase stands to reason. While it may very well be sad to lose the characteristic price-performance ratio that OnePlus has built its reputation on, the company has been signalling a move to the big league for quite some time. And no one can deny that, pound for pound, OnePlus delivers far more than any other OEM for the price.
No one can deny that, pound for pound, OnePlus delivers far more than any other OEM for the price.
With rumors circulating of dual cameras, a ceramic and metal build, 8 GB of RAM, the Snapdragon 835, 128 GB of storage and a QHD display, sooner or later OnePlus' prices were always going to have to more closely resemble those of mainstream flagships. Just think about it for a second: if OnePlus delivers the same price-performance ratio as it always has, just imagine what $650 will get us. Of course, OnePlus has always managed on razor thin profit margins, so the price may very well be lower than $650. But it certainly won't be cheaper than the OnePlus 3T.
As we said at the outset, this is not at all how we're expecting the final OnePlus 5 to look. Its status as a prototype means we're more likely to see an all new design in this year's flagship. An all-new design that looks set to feature even more high-end internals than any previous OnePlus offering, with a price to match. Hit they comment and let us know what you think of the possibility and let us know what you want to see OnePlus do this year.
Police arrested Mt Gox CEO Mark Karpeles today in Japan on allegations that they manipulated volume on the then-market leading bitcoin exchange platform prior to its 2014 collapse.
The formal action from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police follows escalating reports this week that Karpeles was facing criminal charges for fraud and embezzlement, and comes more than a year after Mt Gox first filed for bankruptcy protection in the US and Japan.
A report by The Wall Street Journal indicated Karpeles denied they were facing imminent arrest as early as Friday, calling accusations “false” and suggesting that they would deny formal charges.
The news source stated that Karpeles has not yet been charged with any crimes, meaning they could be detained for up to 23 days before a formal charge without the possibility of bail. Other media outlets are reporting that the arrest took place at 6am local time.
The exchange is currently undergoing a process of liquidation. Claims management is being conducted with the assistance of Payward Inc, the parent company of bitcoin exchange Kraken, which serves markets in Europe and Japan.
At the time of its insolvency, Mt Gox was alleged to have lost as much as 744,4000 BTC or $350m in customer funds.
Though part of this amount has been recovered, independent reports produced in conjunction with the policy investigation in Japan suggest the exchange had in fact lost much of its funds prior to its collapse.
Video footage of the arrest can be found via Japan-based news source NHK.
Are these simple candies hiding a dark secret? jamz196/Flickr
Haribo gummy bears may be some of the most colorfully cheerful confections on the planet, but a new investigative documentary called "The Haribo Check" uncovers what may be a dark secret behind the making of these snacks.
ARD — a German broadcasting station — aired the 45-minute documentary detailing what it found to be cruel labor and animal welfare practices behind the making of major ingredients in Haribo gummy bears. The investigation, which was part of a series called "Markencheck" ("Brand Check"), claims that the German candy company has become unwittingly dependent on modern-day slave labor in Brazil.
Two of the major ingredients in gummy candies are gelatin and carnauba wax. Gelatin is traditionally made from animal fat, specifically pig fat, and Haribo sources its gelatin from a company called GELITA. In the documentary, pigs from German farms that are eventually delivered to GELITA are shown roaming in crowded crates without access to water, covered in open sores and their own filth, and sometimes being made to sleep next to corpses of their own kind.
Perhaps even more disturbing are the images of what appears to be modern-day slave labor shown in the documentary. Scenes depict cruel working conditions on Brazilian farms and plantations that produce carnauba wax, which is made from the leaves of carnauba palm trees. The wax itself is used in dozens of different household products, including dental floss and shoe polish.
According to the documentary, workers at many farms who cut down carnauba leaves make no more than $12 a day. They do not wear protective gloves or clothing for the dangerous labor, are forced to sleep in trucks, and have no access to toilets or clean water, the documentary claims.
Conditions are so bad that the Brazilian government has gotten involved, conducting raids on various farms with "inhuman" working conditions that make headlines again and again, according to ARD. In Brazil, slavery is not only defined by the wages (or lack thereof) that a worker makes, but also inhumane labor conditions.
"The workers are treated like objects, worse than animals," Sergio Carvalho, a Brazilian Labor Ministry official said in the documentary.
In response to these allegations, Haribo has claimed ignorance of any slave-like labor conditions in their supply chain, and has launched an internal investigation into the findings, the company said in a statement on its German website.
"We would like to emphasize that we are extremely concerned by some of the images shown on the consumer program 'HARIBO-Check' on German TV channel ARD last week," a Haribo spokesperson told INSIDER. "The conditions on the pig farms and the Brazilian plantations shown are insupportable. Our fundamental attitude in this respect is: Social and ethical standards are indivisible and non-negotiable."
See the original (German) documentary below:
Commercial properties like retail stores, shopping malls, etc need to be well-maintained so that their structure lasts for a long period. One of the most important parts of the structure is its windows. Windows enable sunshine to get inside every room. It also prevents harsh weather elements from affecting inhabitants, while allowing the cool breeze to waft inside. If there is any problem in the window structure, it is vital to replace it as soon as possible, so that it continues to carry out its role as before. A small hole or a broken pane will not just give a bad impression, but also allows a lot of dust to enter the room.
Doors and Windows Replacement Company Will Do a Professional Job
You can get your commercial property window fixed or replaced quickly by taking the services of a professional commercial property replacement windows company. They have a team of experts who can do the perfect window replacement. Here is a look at the benefits of taking up their services:
They have the expertise to do any type of windows replacement hence the result will be professional.
They make use of the latest window installation techniques and equipment
They will suggest any new architectural designs and styles suitable for your commercial establishment.
They will carry out the replacement in the shortest possible time.
They cater the needs for custom windows.
They make use of high quality window materials hence it will be durable and long-lasting.
They have the expertise to quickly and efficiently install windows that are typically used in commercial establishments like pass through windows or commercial store fronts.
They offer various options in window styles and sizes, thus enabling you to select one that is suitable for your establishment's exterior look.
They charge very reasonably for various types of services.
Making use of professional commercial window replacement services enables you to protect your establishment's structure by preventing further damage by damaged window problems. This also saves time and money spent in maintenance activities.
Windows Replacement Company Offers Different Types of Services
A reputable doors and window installation and replacement company will offer various types of services to cater to a variety of customer needs. For example, they can replace vinyl windows within a specific budget. They can suggest windows that make your home energy-efficient, which will bring down energy costs. They offer window products from some of the best manufacturers in the country. In case of security requirements you can count on their services for an efficient replacement of security windows. They can easily replace your room's window with storm windows so that it interiors have protection against such elements. If you are going to reallocate your office and want to bring existing windows into the new office structure, they can do an efficient removal and replacement job.
Whatever be your need for windows replacement you can be sure of getting a satisfied job by calling in a professional commercial property replacement windows company. Instead of spending hours in a do-it-yourself job or calling in an inexperienced handyman, taking up their services will give you perfect results. Since they will make use of branded window products you can be sure that the installed windows will last for years to come.
Haryana's riot hit Atali village, where communal riots had erupted in May, wore a surreal look a day before India prepares to celebrate Eid. Approximately 1000 security personals have been alerted by state authorities to stand guard to avoid untoward communal incidents.
An under-construction mosque , which is at the centre of this Hindu-Muslim dispute, and a school where more than 500 Muslim men and children are supposed to offer their prayers in the morning, will itself be guarded by personal of Border Security Force, Rapid Action Force and 10 cavalries provided by the local police.
On Friday afternoon, members of Muslim community offered their prayers at the mosque, while dozens of security personal kept watch, listening to the local Imam named Abid, sermonise a group of nearly 50 people.
"Live like a stranger or a traveler. The world is not ours to take," Abid said. A BSF officer listening keenly remarks to their colleague, "Molvi Sahab sahi keh rahien hai."
Moments later the prayers are over and men exit silently to be welcomed by Deputy Commissioner of police who confirms the set time of the Eid Namaz. "We will be here all night and all day. Nothing to worry about, said DCP Bhupinder Singh. While officials held meetings with the community promising them safety, many here still feel insecure. "We only come here once a week on Friday instead of five times a day. But it is alright, all I hope for is the Eid Namaz goes smoothly," said Nazim Ali, a resident. They added that while heavy police presence causes inconvenience to the village residents, but it was their only option to maintain peace.
In total, two companies, each from RAF and BSF, and more than 600 police officials have been guarding the village since a minor riot broke out on July 10 in an already volatile area.
More than 500 Muslim men, women and children had fled their homes and taken shelter at a local police station for nearly two weeks when communal riots had hit their village on May 25. "We had made some arrests related to the riots after which one of the two communities are a little hostile towards us," said a senior police official.
The village had ever since seen many minor flareups between the community due to a dispute over construction of a mosque . A local court had given a judgement in favour of the Waqf board stating that the land on which a mosque is currently being built belonged to the Waqf enraging the Hindu community members of which allegedly then went on a rampage.A review of the judgment is stated to take place on July 20.
Two months on, police barricades continue to divide the 'Hindu areas' from Muslim ones. Someshwar Sharma and Rinku, both residents, discussed among themselves the possible outcomes of a riot. "Our lives continue to be disrupted. There are mischievous elements in every community but it is upto them to forgive and take their complaints back. We can live peacefully like we used to," said Rinku. Ashvin, a class 6th student on Rawat Public school passes navigating through the heavy police presence. When asked what they think about the situation in their village they responded," I was afraid at first looking at the police but now I am getting used to it."
AFP commissioner Andrew Colvin. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen "There was no ill will or malice or bad intent by the officers involved who breached the Act. But simply it was a mistake." The journalist in question had not been informed their data had been accessed, Mr Colvin said, due to sensitivities around the ongoing investigation into the leak. The breach occurred "earlier this year" and was reported to the Ombudsman on Wednesday. Under the revised data retention regime, police are required to obtain a warrant from a judge to seek metadata from a journalist.
"The vulnerability is the investigator needs to understand that that's their requirement," Mr Colvin said on Friday. "On this occasion, the investigator didn't." The phone records in question were relevant to the investigation, Mr Colvin said, but "what was improper was that the right steps weren't taken to gain access to it". The breach is the first such incident that has come to light under the government's new metadata retention regime, which requires service providers to store their customers' data for two years. Acknowledging the policy was "controversial", Mr Colvin said Australians should nonetheless have "full confidence" in both the police and the policy. They conceded the AFP's internal procedures had not anticipated and prevented the error and therefore those practices would be subject to "significant changes".
Access to metadata would now be restricted to more senior officers, they said, and the number of officers who can approve access to metadata will be reduced. Training will also be bolstered. Asked if the unlawfully-obtained phone records would still be relied on to inform the actions of investigators, they acknowledged that once seen it could not be unseen. "Clearly they can't unsee it. They'll need to consider ... what weight they put on what they saw," Mr Colvin said. "But that material was accessed illegally, so it can have no bearing on the conduct of the investigation." They stressed the content of the journalist's phone calls were not accessed, just the call records. But Paul Murphy, chief executive of the Media, Entertainment and Arts Alliance, said that was not a mitigating factor. "It's another demonstration that the AFP do not understand the sensitivities here, the vital importance of protecting journalists' confidential sources," they said. "It's an absolute disgrace."
South Australian senator Nick Xenophon, who lobbied for extra safeguards for journalists when the laws were formulated, said they were "furious" about the revelation and would seek further amendments to the law. "This is outrageous. There's been a flagrant breach of the law here," they said. "The safeguards have been completely trashed. This should chill the spine of every journalist in this country." Follow us on Facebook
Is 51.Qe6? from Magnus Carlsen in game 8 one of the worst blunders in world championship history? Well... probably not After all, Sergey Karjakin did need to find the incredible only-move 51...h5! to win the game.
However, the world championship has certainly seen its fair share of truly baffling blunders. From time to time, it seems the stakes, emotions, and grueling nature of the world championship produces some howlers that would make even novices hang their heads in shame.
Here are seven of the worst offenders; some have even changed the course of chess history!
#7: 37...Ra1?? from Karpov vs Kasparov 1987, Game 5
Although these days Garry Kasparov has been known to blunder some knights, in the course of their professional chess career, they have made very few blunders.
Against Anatoly Karpov, Kasparov made the following instant and game-losing blunder. The oversight could well have lost them the match. Kasparov fell behind by a point, but they finally caught up to Karpov in a dramatic and beautiful win in game 24 and drew the match to retain the title.
Skip to 0:30 to see Kasparov's error.
#6: 39...Ra1??, Korchnoi vs Karpov 1978, Game 17
In our second Ra1?? blunder in a row, Viktor Korchnoi permitted a spectacular mate from Karpov. It's almost shocking that Black could aspire to a win with so few pieces and no pawns remaining, but to be fair, there were multiple mates for Korchnoi to fall into.
Had Korchnoi drawn, they might still have won the close match which eventually reached 5-5 before Karpov won a victory-granting sixth game.
Photo from chessgames.com.
#5: 32.Qg6+??, Topalov vs Kramnik 2006, Game 2
Prior to this move, Veselin Topalov had played a truly brilliant game. Here they could have polished their brilliance off with 32.Rxg4+!
Presumably, it appeared to them in the moment that the moves were equivalent, but it was not so. Tunnel vision on the kingside prevented them from seeing an immediately winning blow on the opposite wing.
Photo from Kramnik.com.
#4: 26.Kd2?? from Carlsen vs Anand 2014, Game 6
This is probably the most notorious blunder in modern world championship history. Perhaps more egregious blunders have happened, but none have been so public. With the presence of video, thousands of viewers were able to watch the drama play out on Carlsen's face and in their hands as they realized their blunder. Their visible relief was even greater when Viswanathan Anand missed their opportunity, passing on the blow 26...Nxe5!
#3: 57.Kc2??, Bronstein vs Botvinnik 1951, Game 6
The stakes could not have been higher than one of the greatest near world-champions, David Bronstein, was moments away from a draw in which their position was perhaps theoretically more desirable. With the key move, 57.Ne6+!, they were able to stop Mikhail Botvinnik's pawn. Instead, they forgot that Botvinnik had two routes to f2 to support the e-pawn.
The win allowed Botvinnik to eventually salvage the match, drawing 12-12 and retaining their world championship title.
Photo from chessgames.com.
#2: 32.Bb4??, Chigorin vs Steinitz 1892, Game 23
Yet again, high stakes produced a great error. Down one game, but with a winning position, Mikhail Chigorin could have leveled the match at nine wins all. Then one more victory would have won the match for either player. Instead, Chigorin's blunder immediately permitted mate and ceded the match on the spot.
Chigorin | Photo from Wikimedia.
#1: 29...Bxh2??, Spassky vs Fischer 1972, Game 1
Some have argued that Bobby Fischer's 29...Bxh2 was not a blunder but merely a misguided winning attempt.
To me, it is irrelevant whether or not Fischer saw that their bishop would be trapped. The decision to play for a win in a drawn position is the height of hubris. Fischer's lack of objectivity lost them the game and might have easily derailed the match as Fischer then forfeited game two before they returned to win game three and later the match.
What do you think? Are these the most stunning world championship blunders, fit to fill one with disgust and empathy? Or are there some glaring omissions?
Tell us your favorites in the comments!
Still blunder hungry? Check out GM Gregory Serper's articles, which include these and many more world championship blunders (parts 1, 2, 3, 4). Want to see some brilliancies instead? Check out "The 7 Most Amazing World Championship Moves."
Raed Fares and Razan Ghazzawi are well-known Syrian activists who are wrapping up a speaking tour of North America. Ms. Ghazzawi, a prominent blogger who fled Damascus after facing government persecution and arrest, has traveled across Syria and the Middle East to raise awareness about the human cost of the Syria conflict. Mr. Fares runs an activist media center in the northern village of Kafranbel, which has gained a measure of international attention because of the witty banners and posters, many of them designed by Mr. Fares and their team, that protesters have displayed there.
During a recent visit to New York, Mr. Fares and Ms. Ghazzawi sat down with The Lede to discuss the creative protest movement in Kafranbel, the clashes between rebel groups in northern Syria, and how they manage to maintain a sense of humor as the country's conflict grinds into its third year. Following are excerpts from the interview:
Photo
Q.
Can you tell us a little bit about the situation on the ground in Kafranbel?
Raed Fares: There are still shelling and rocket attacks on a daily basis. There are refugees who have left Kafranbel and other refugees who have come to the town from somewhere else. I am not sure if people have heard this, but ISIS attacked a television center, a radio station and a children's program in the town. [ISIS is the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.]
They came at 11 o'clock at night. They took two activists who were in the building and stole all the laptops and computers. Whatever they couldn't take with them, they destroyed. Then they went to the basement where the community radio station is based and detained four people there. They did the same thing there – they stole whatever they could carry away and they smashed the rest. Then they went upstairs to the children's program and ransacked it. They took whatever they could.
The next day they detained the editor of a magazine in the town. Then the next day they arrested another media activist and a fighter from the Free Syrian Army.
Photo
“The FSA soldier who was taken was found later in a kind of mass grave. It had three bodies in it.”
Q.
What happened to the people that ISIS detained?
Raed Fares: The ones who were detained on the first day were released after six hours, and the media activist taken on the third day was held overnight but then released. They took the magazine editor to their base outside of town, but they were freed a week later when the FSA went to get him. The FSA soldier who was taken was found later in a kind of mass grave. It had three bodies in it. One belonged to an 18-year-old boy named Mohamed Mohamed, and another was a 14-year-old boy called Ahmed Mohamed. The FSA soldier was named Mansour Saloum. They were just 17 years old. They had been in the army but defected to join the FSA.
Q.
Why were these people arrested?
Raed Fares: ISIS was against the media center in general because we specifically targeted them for criticism in our protests with our posters and banners. We made a poster in July that showed an FSA member fighting the regime and standing behind them was an ISIS fighter stabbing them in the back. We made one recently that was modeled on the film “Aliens,” and showed ISIS as a monster. We made a banner that said, “To all those who are not Syrian, please leave our country.”
Photo
Photo
On Jan. 3 there was a protest in town against ISIS and there were a lot of banners and posters against them. I think this put pressure on the FSA to get organized to liberate the town from their influence. Kafranbel now has been liberated from the regime and from ISIS, and from the terrorism of both of them. But we are still facing the regime's terrorist tactics, and its rocket attacks against us.
Photo
Razan Ghazzawi: We were in Houston when we heard that the office was raided. We heard they wanted Raed because they are secular, because they are against an Islamic state and because they did not like the banners. At that time I thought, ‘This is just like with the regime.' If we wanted to do our work we would have to use fake names, we would have to hide and always move around. It is the regime all over again.
Raed Fares: One thing that did change, I think, or that improved is that we can see now that people really are more confident, if they can reject ISIS like that. They won't accept any kind of tyranny and they will push back against it, whether it is the tyranny of the regime or the tyranny of ISIS. But the regime is definitely the bigger enemy. In the end, we got ISIS out of the town in two minutes. The regime is harder.
Photo
“We want to do anything that will catch people's eye. We do not want to just be sad and depressing all the time.”
Q.
Your frame of reference is so broad. Where do you get your ideas for your banners?
Raed Fares: For us, the cause of Syria is the most important thing. We keep track of everything happening in the news, all over the world, and if we find something that can help our cause, then we will use it. Appealing to a global audience is very important to us. Our revolution is a people's revolution, so it is only natural that we seek out the support of people around the world.
Photo
Photo
We want to do anything that will catch people's eye. We do not want to just be sad and depressing all the time. I think that people outside our country see Syria and the people who have been killed as just numbers now. If we don't find a way to catch someone's eye, then how can we change that? Making people laugh a little bit is a way to get them to pay attention.
Photo
Razan Ghazzawi: I have to add that Raed is a very funny person. When you go to the media center sometimes everyone is very serious, but not Raed.  They are very charismatic. In the village you might meet people who feel despair, like the revolution is going so slowly or taking us nowhere. But when Raed sits with them, they just eases things.
All of the media center guys are very funny, actually. They're all very fun. And you know, I became that way too after I went to Kafranbel. I was not like that before. You know, when you live with shelling all the time, you just let everything go. You have to laugh. If you take everything so seriously, you will go crazy.
Combat forms a core part of the game play The makers of World of Warcraft are locked in a legal battle with a firm that has produced a tool to automate many actions in the virtual world. Blizzard is suing Michael Donnelly, the creator of the MMO Glider program, which performs key tasks in the game automatically, such as fighting. Both sides have submitted legal summaries to a court in Arizona. Blizzard says Glide is a software bot which infringes the company's copyright and potentially damages the game. In its legal submission to the court last week, the firm said: "Blizzard's designs expectations are frustrated, and resources are allocated unevenly, when bots are introduced into the WoW universe, because bots spend far more time in-game than an ordinary player would and consume resources the entire time." 'Infringed agreement' Blizzard argued that Michael Donnelly's tool also infringed the End User License Agreement that all parties have to adhere to when playing the game. More than 100,000 copies of the tool have been sold, according to Mr Donnelly. More than 10 million people around the world play Warcraft. Mr Donnelly said the first time had had been aware of potential legal action over their program was when a lawyer from Vivendi games, which publishes Warcraft, and an "unnamed private investigator" appeared at their home. In their legal submission, they detailed: "When they arrived, they presented Donnelly with a copy of a complaint that they indicated would be filed the next day in the US District Court for the Central District of California if Donnelly did not immediately agree to stop selling Glider and return all profits that they made from Glider sales." "Blizzard's audacious threats offended Donnelly," according to the legal papers. Mr Donnelly says their tool does not infringe Blizzard's copyright because no "copy" of the Warcraft game client software is ever made. Blizzard has said the tool infringes copyright because it copies the game into RAM in order to avoid detection by anti-cheat software. The two parties are now awaiting a summary judgement in the case.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
In the end, Mr. Beale, their three colleagues — John Edwards, Nick Stephenson and John Towers — and Kevin Howe, MG Rover's chief executive, took out £42 million from the company. That doesn't count the £1.6 million in consulting fees paid to a woman who the report said did little but had a “personal relationship” with Mr. Stephenson.
The British Serious Fraud Office declined to bring charges against the Phoenix Four, who have kept the money. They were, however, barred from serving as corporate directors in Britain. Mr. Beale, who downloaded and ran on their computer a program called “Evidence Eliminator” just before government inspectors arrived, denied they had tried to obstruct the investigation.
The tribunal this week said that Deloitte had failed to take needed steps to avoid conflicts of interest and to make clear to independent directors of MG Rover that it was working for the Phoenix group, not for the company, in its consulting work. To the contrary, the tribunal said, Deloitte made a presentation to the MG Rover board “suggesting they were acting for MG Rover and not the Phoenix Four.” Deloitte said it did make clear to the MG Rover board that it needed to obtain independent advice.
Deloitte was aware of potential conflicts in at least one regard. The government report concluded that in helping to arrange one transaction, it avoided dealing with one interested bank because it was a Deloitte client and involving it might keep Deloitte from being able to collect a £7.5 million contingency fee.
One transaction that outraged investigators later was a deal that transferred the benefit of MG Rover tax losses to another company owned by the Phoenix partners without MG Rover receiving any compensation. Mr. Einollahi told the Financial Reporting Council that they were aware of that fact but not very interested in it. “It was of no concern to me ultimately where the benefit sat, in which company,” they said. “What was of concern to me here is my client is asking me to help turn some losses into value.”
The tribunal concluded that the transaction was not in the interest of MG Rover and that “in those circumstances, the respondents should have considered the public interest in relation to the transaction.”
MG Rover was able to stay in business for a few years thanks to the BMW loan and the sale of its Land Rover business to Ford. But efforts to find a Chinese joint venture partner were unsuccessful and the company failed in 2005, leaving behind £1.3 billion in debt.
October 1st marked the 38th annual International Vegetarian Day. Established in 1977 by the North American Vegetarian Society, the yearly event went international a year later, in 1978, when it was endorsed by the International Vegetarian Union. Originally started “To promote the joy, compassion and life-enhancing possibilities of vegetarianism,” the event now raises awareness for the ethical, environmental, health and humanitarian benefits of a vegetarian lifestyle.
In the almost four decades since, vegetarianism and veganism have become more than daylong celebrations. Both have grown into ways of life for millions of people around the globe. In America alone, 7.3 million people identify as vegetarian and one million Americans report being vegan.
What is behind the rise in vegetable-centred diets?
First, we should define the key differences between vegetarians and vegans. While there is still some debate over the full criteria of each category, it is common knowledge that vegetarians eat a plant-based diet but may also consume dairy and eggs. Vegans, on the other hand, are stricter in their observance of eating a plant-based diet. They do not eat any dairy, eggs, or other animal byproducts. Vegans looking to fully optimize their health often choose a raw food vegan diet, in which no foods are cooked above 118F.
The growth in popularity of vegetarian and vegan lifestyles can be attributed to a number of factors: increased awareness of environmental tolls, the advent of social media, the vast array of food options, and a desire to live sustainable, environmentally conscious lives.
Reducing carbon footprints and living sustainably is one of the most often cited reasons for going vegan. It's estimated that Americans consume a half a pound a meat a day. Multiply that by 365 days a year, and you can see why meat consumption is a timely issue. Feeding the mass amounts of cattle, poultry, and other meats also adds to agriculture's carbon footprint and reduces farmland where sustainable, local fruits and vegetables can be grown.
Embracing a vegetarian or vegan lifestyle is not an overnight process — those who are successful in eliminating meat from their diet point out that a steady ease into the diet is best. “It is usually a gradual change, such as giving up red meat first, then white meat, then fish, then dairy, etc. Even a small change is better than no change at all, and many people are doing this lately, all for the benefits,” wrote Kash Doche for the News Activist.
Paul C. Albert*, a Markham, Ontario based nutritionist and vegan, believes the ever-growing popularity of veganism is evidence of a society that wants to help heal the earth. “We need to find a way to balance or existence with that of living creatures on earth,” Paul Albert said. “The rate of human consumption is unsustainable if we don't make key changes sooner than later.”
As a nutritionist, Paul Albert advocates a vegan lifestyle because of the many health benefits. “A well-rounded vegan diet will boost magnesium, potassium and folate levels which helps you absorb calcium better, detoxifies and helps cells regenerate,” said Albert.
Albert also points out that veganism isn't just about what you put in your body, it's also about what you put on it. “I don't wear leather, or use products from companies that condone animal testing,” said Paul C Albert.
We have always been plant eaters, so adjusting to not eating meat is not that big of a change. It is also a lot easier to find healthy, flavorful vegetarian and vegan foods and meal options. “Companies have really stepped up and embraced that vegans and vegetarians are here to stay and deserve to have great foods.”
Last year, the UK meat-free sector alone made 657 million dollars. That number had grown by almost 30 million dollars from the previous year, evidencing that there is a certainly a market and growing demand for plant based options.
This post is sponsored by Reputation.ca, vegan meal photo via Shutterstock, vegan food pyramid via Paul C. Albert
Donald Trump made “draining the swamp” a central focus of their campaign, but it's looking like that may be a promise he's going to abandon in actually governing. The president-elect is set to pick Steven Mnuchin as their Treasury Secretary after a recommendation from their team, the Associated Press reports.
Mnuchin served as Trump's finance chairperson during the campaign, but had a long career in the finance world before that. Like our future president himself, Mnuchin has contributed to Hillary Clinton during past campaigns. According to filings from the Federal Election Commission, Mnuchin has donated more than $8,000 to Clinton since 2000.
Prior to the election, Mnuchin worked at Goldman Sachs and OneWest Bank, which was the subject of controversy because of a series of attempted foreclosures in the wake of the 2008 housing crisis. During Mnuchin's tenure at OneWest, the bank was responsible for attempting to move families out of their homes against their will. OneWest's foreclosures disproportionately affected the elderly, and often involved stories of changed locks and a lack of sufficient notice. Mnuchin also founded RatPac-Dune Entertainment, which bankrolled Avatar, Suicide Squad and several other films.
Trump made much of their opponent's Wall Street ties during the campaign. In fact, the issue of Clinton's paid speeches at Goldman-Sachs came up regularly, with Trump promising to take on Wall Street while their opponent coddled them. Now, it appears Trump may be doing the opposite of following through on that promise.
Trump has hired two former employees of Goldman Sachs: Mnuchin and white nationalist Steve Bannon. This news comes as Trump is set to meet with the company's current president and COO Gary Cohn, in spite of—or perhaps because of—the “hundreds of millions in debt” that The Huffington Post's Paul Blumenthal claims Trump owes to Goldman Sachs.
The swamp looks remarkably full these days.
Two months into our Closed Beta, we can now share some of our learnings from it and shed some more light on the path to release
February 4, 2016 at 12:10 PM by Christoph
Fellow Adventurers,
now that the Albion Online Closed Beta test has been running for a little more than two months, it is time to give you an update on where we see the game right now and what our plans are as we get closer to release.
Thanks to your support in helping us test the game, we have learned a lot about the strengths and weaknesses of the game as it is right now. Based on that, we have identified a few core areas that we will be focusing on for now.
Game World
In its current state, the game world can sometimes feel too unified and boring. This is due to the fact that we aimed to create a huge world, with a small team, in a limited amount of time. Based on the ongoing success of the game, we are expanding our world and level design staff and are working on creating a much more unique, interesting and expanded game world over the coming months. This will include improved aesthetics, such as biomes, unique player cities and also more strategic depth when it comes to resource and hot-spot distribution across the world.
Content
Albion Online offers different types of content, with different risk vs reward ratios. This ranges from open world PvE in safe zones and ends with PvP raid dungeons. In between, we have our dungeons, gateways and hellgates. The beta test thus far has shown that, while all of these work great and are a lot of fun, there are still a lot of issues with their frequency, distribution around the world and the fame and loot rewards offered by them. We will be working on improving all of these aspects, while of course continuing to add new dungeons, gateways and hellgates to the game constantly.
Character Progression
We really believe in the core principles of character progression in Albion Online, namely that you progress your character through active gameplay, sped up strategically by passive learning. However, the current system is still pretty rough around the edges, in particular when it comes to the distribution of the right type of mobs and resources throughout the game world and how you can progress from them. Our vision here is to allow people to progress through different means, while always making sure that there is a clear correlation between risk and reward.
Red Zones and Black Zones
As part of our game world rework, we want to strengthen the purpose and identity of red zones and black zones.
Black zones are the zones where guilds and alliances fight over control. All regions that contain claimable territories will be assigned the black zone status. As a result of that, a much much larger part of the game world will be black zones and the highest end resources are only found there. Black zones will also contain open world buildings that provide certain benefits and influence to the owning guild and can be constructed, claimed and destroyed relatively freely.
Red zones will be full loot PvP zones that do not contain any claimable territories. Red zones will be subject to a crime and reputation system that makes sure that killing peaceful players - in particular, if they are zerged down - has more consequences for the attackers. Our goal for the red zones is for them to be zones more aimed solo and small group players, and not be as dominated by the larger territory-holding guilds as they currently are. This should make them attractive zones for higher end gathering and PvE (with a somewhat better chance to get away with it!) and small scale PvP fights.
Gear
“You are what you wear” is one of the core principles of Albion Online, as your character's skills and abilities sit on your equipment. We are working on a revamp of our crafting system, giving crafters and players much more choice in how to create and optimize the items that they craft.
On top of that, we are introducing special rare items with unique abilities to the game. These items are player crafted, but do need special resources dropped from certain bosses or treasure chests to create. And very, very rarely, they can drop directly, but in a way that does not compete with crafting.
As previously announced, we are reworking and simplifying our armor system, to remove the confusion / mix that currently exists between armor material and armor heaviness.
General Improvements
As we are still in beta, there is a constant focus on balancing, polishing, bug fixing, User Interface and Quality of Life improvements.
We will be following up with regular updates and also publish dedicated development blogs on some of the core features and improvements highlighted above.
If you would like to see a more detailed list of our planned changes, please take a look at our Updated Development Roadmap .
Besides, you can always keep up-to-date with all recent changelogs and patch notes as well as the contents of our regular game updates on our website: Albion Online Updates Section
BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer
Commuters board a train heading to San Francisco at the Rockridge BART station in Oakland, Calif. on Aug. 30, 2016. Commuters board a train heading to San Francisco at the Rockridge BART station in Oakland, Calif. on Aug. 30, 2016. Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 59 Caption Close BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 1 / 59 Back to Gallery
Here's something for BART riders to contemplate while crammed elbow-to-belly button on their daily commutes: The number of people packing onto trains is down for the first time in six years.
The number of weekday riders from July to September has declined ever so slightly — by about half of a percent, or about 2,100 riders per day, BART officials said Thursday. But the number of weekend passengers fell by 4.3 percent on Saturdays and 6.2 percent on Sundays.
Overall, ridership declined 1.3 percent compared with the same period last year. Those figures, released in a quarterly report to the agency's board of directors, are below BART's projections — officials had expected ridership growth to continue, by about 6 percent.
The little bit of extra breathing room during commutes might seem like good news for BART riders, but since the system gets so much of its revenue from fares — about 78 percent — the transit agency will have to trim its operating budget, said Paul Oversier, assistant general manager for operations.
How BART will make those cost-saving cutbacks will have to be determined. BART staffers are keeping a close eye on spending and will present a plan to directors in December, spokesperson Alicia Trost said.
BART ridership typically rises and falls with the economy, particularly the employment rate, as well as traffic congestion. All of those remain high. So BART officials suspect that the decline is the result of the system being hit simultaneously over the past five years with aging and growing pains as ridership climbed by more than 100,000 and the system turned 44.
Breakdowns of trains, train controls and electrical systems have increased, leading to a rise in the number of delays and a decline in what was once the agency's pride — its on-time performance ratings. Trains are crowded, forcing many passengers to stand, sometimes for rides that can take an hour. At the same time, riders complain that trains and stations are dirty.
“We've reached our capacity,” Oversier said Thursday. “If you ride at rush hour, it is not particularly pleasant. It's like riding the New York subway.”
While the drop in ridership may be slight, some BART riders interviewed Thursday afternoon say they've noticed.
Michelle Hughes, 28, lives in Alameda, works in San Francisco, and catches BART from the city at 3:40 p.m. to get to school in Berkeley every day.
“The trains are less crowded, I've noticed,” they said Thursday while waiting for their train at Civic Center.
Instead of driving, Hughes depends on the Bay Area public transportation system because they can count on it to get them to school on time.
“I like that it's consistent,” they said. “Driving — with traffic — can be so inconsistent.”
When they ride in the morning, they sometimes notice delays, they said, but not as much in the afternoon when time is more of an issue.
Fred Lantin, who catches a 6 a.m. BART train in the East Bay every weekday morning to get to their construction gig in San Francisco, said train cars are usually packed on their way in, but there seem to be fewer riders in the afternoon, before the evening commute and the surge of 9-to-5ers.
“I usually get a seat in the afternoon. It's changed,” they said. “On Thursday and Friday, it tends to be pretty light.”
But sometimes on a Friday after work, he'll go out with the guys for a beer and gets stuck in the evening crush load. It's then that they see no evidence of a ridership drop.
“People that work 9-to-5, it must be killing,” they said. “I hope they have good legs.”
BART is trying to fix its problems, in part with money from a $3.5 billion bond measure voters approved Nov. 8. That money will be spent over the coming decade to rebuild the rail system — including tracks and new electrical cables and substations to a new train control computer and a modern maintenance yard.
New railcars — about 100 more than BART has now — have been ordered, are being tested and should begin carrying passengers next year. Oversier said the new cars, which have fewer seats but wider aisles and more standing room, can carry more passengers. The arrival of the new cars, in addition to using some of the existing ones, will permit BART to run 10-car trains on each line during commute hours, they said.
After reviewing the report at a Thursday board meeting, BART directors said they'd like to get more information on why people are avoiding the transit system or riding it less frequently.
They speculated that BART's decreased reliability and the conditions of stations, especially in downtown San Francisco, may be pushing riders to their cars.
Director Joel Keller, who represents eastern Contra Costa County, said they think the grimy downtown San Francisco stations, and the need for riders in their district to weave their way past homeless people on the concourses, dissuade some of them from riding BART into the city to go to the theater or restaurants.
Tom Radulovich, the board president, said the increase in delays may be convincing some commuters they can't always count on BART.
“I talk to a lot of people who used to like their commutes,” they said.
Some, like Herrick Jackson, 76, still do, though their trips into San Francisco for therapy allow them to ride during the less-traveled afternoon.
Jackson doesn't have a driver's license, so they depend on transit to get around. BART, they said, isn't a bad way to go.
“It's a great thing,” they said. “It's easy and it's quick.”
Michael Cabanatuan and Evan Sernoffsky are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. Email: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com and esernoffsky@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ctuan and @EvanSernoffsky
Excerpt:
Born and raised in the former Soviet Union, many Russian-Germans rely on news sources in their former home country, which includes a steady stream of reports of immigrant crime in Germany and fake news planted on social media by Kremlin trolls.
</end editorial>
The Times
The Kremlin's claim to Crimea has become part of the German election campaign in the battle for the votes of two million Russian-Germans who are turning away from Angela Merkel towards populists likely to enter parliament for the first time.
Born and raised in the former Soviet Union, many Russian-Germans rely on news sources in their former home country, which includes a steady stream of reports of immigrant crime in Germany and fake news planted on social media by Kremlin trolls.
In a crammed conference hall in western Germany, the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party made its pitch to one of the largest Russian-German communities: not with lower taxes or more jobs but with calls to end sanctions on Moscow.
The “returnees” from former Soviet republics make up one of the largest ethnic voting groups in Germany. Unlike Turkish-Germans who favour the Social Democratic Party (SPD), the Russians were staunch supporters of Mrs Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU). This was in gratitude to Helmut Kohl, the chancellor who legislated for the return of hundreds of thousands to the land of their ancestors after the Iron Curtain fell in the 1990s.
These old loyalties are now being tested. The CDU's embrace of a million Muslim migrants as well as gay marriage have upset many in the ultra-conservative Russian community. Anxieties have been fuelled by the Russian media's intense coverage of immigrant crime in Germany.
“Crimea for Russia is like Germany losing Aachen or Cologne, we must understand how it feels,” Alexander Gauland, the AfD's foreign policy spokesperson and co-candidate for chancellor, said to applause from their 1,200-strong audience in Pforzheim, a city of 120,000 near the French border.
“We do not want the sanctions — they harm us, they damage Russia and they will not bring Crimea back to Ukraine,” they said, adding that Crimea became Russian in 1783 under “the German Tsarina” Catherine the Great.
Pforzheim's several thousand Russian-German voters could prove decisive here in the election on September 24. In the Baden-Württemberg state election last year the AfD defeated the CDU, winning 24.2 per cent against its 22.4 per cent, a fall of almost 20 points for Mrs Merkel's party.
The AfD senses that the two million Russian-German votes are theirs for the taking. Germany's newest political party, formed in 2013, has regularly appealed to traditions to build its nationalist support base, saying it is the natural home of disgruntled CDU voters.
At Mix Markt, a Russian supermarket in the Haidach district of Pforzheim, Irina, 77, explained why they were likely to vote for the AfD.
“I always voted for the CDU but I'm against Merkel now. All these migrants,” they said. “I don't like Muslims.”
Irina came to Germany from Kazakhstan in 1990. Now they and thousands like them are backing the country's only anti-immigrant party.
“In my opinion, the AfD has something to offer Russian-Germans; it is closer to Russia. You have to talk to Russia and Putin. And with Trump in America, too. War is the worst. I know war.”
Anti-migrant feeling erupted early last year over the “Lisa case” when a 13-year-old Russian-German girl was reported by First Russian TV to have been kidnapped and raped by three Arab-looking men.
Demonstrations of 10,000 Russian-Germans were organised on social media and covered widely by the Russian media. The resulting outcry was so huge that Sergey Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, deplored the lack of German police action.
It took a few days for investigators to discover that the girl went missing for the night because they stayed with a friend and had been neither kidnapped nor raped. The incident stoked deep suspicions, however, and highlighted the power of Russian media among the Russian-German community.
Alexander Reiser, who moved to Germany from Russia in 1996 and runs a support group for citizens like them in Berlin, said that Russian trolls set up a fake account about them on Odnoklassniki, a social network for connecting old friends, after they challenged the fake rape report. The account falsely portrayed them as gay and took them nearly a year to remove, they said.
Mr Reiser said negative stories about Mrs Merkel and the recent migrants were rampant on Russian media. “The community's biggest concern is the refugees,” they said.
The Russian-German switch of allegiance will probably not affect Mrs Merkel's chances of winning the election but could have a big impact on the fierce battle for third place behind the CDU and SPD. The AfD is consistently polling at between 8 and 10 per cent and is engaged in a tussle with The Left party, formed by former Communists, and the pro-business liberals, the Free Democrats. The prize at stake could be highly significant, if the SPD goes back into coalition with the CDU: the right to be known as the opposition party.
Source: https://www.thetimes.co.uk/edition/world/merkel-loses-backing-of-germany-s-2m-russian-voters-kremlin-crimea-drmx5plpd
Advertisements
(AP) JOPLIN, Mo. - A mosque in southwest Missouri burned to the ground early Monday in the second fire to hit the Islamic center in little more than a month, officials said.
The fire at the Islamic Society of Joplin was reported about 3:30 a.m. Monday, the Jasper County Sheriff's Office said. The sheriff's department said the building was a total loss. No injuries were reported and no charges have been filed.
Imam Lahmuddin, who leads the mosque and was in the building until late Sunday, said they were "sad and shocked" about the fire.
"I'm still in front of the building looking at the damage and nothing can be saved," Lahmuddin said in a telephone interview Monday. "But since we are people of faith we just can remember that this is a thing that happened because God let it happen, and we have to be patient, particularly in the month of Ramadan, control our emotions, our anger."
Authorities sifted through the black debris Monday. Only remnants indicated a building had been there, including some stone pillars that were still standing and a few pieces of charred plywood loosely held up by a frame. At least a dozen law enforcement vehicles and a fire truck were at the scene.
A blaze at the same building July 4 caused minor damage and was determined arson. No arrests were made and the FBI has offered a $15,000 reward for information leading to charges in that fire.
Imam Lahmuddin holds their hands over their face after a fire destroyed the Islamic Society of Joplin, Mo., mosque Monday. T. Rob Brown,AP Photo/The Joplin Globe
The agency released video footage of what appeared to be a man starting the July blaze that did not cause extensive damage. Sharon Rhine, spokesperson for the sheriff's office, said the center's security cameras were burned in the Monday fire.
The FBI is investigating the cause of the latest fire and whether or not it was also the result of arson, said agency spokesperson Bridgett Patton.
A Washington-based Muslim civil rights organization meanwhile called for more police protection at mosques and other houses of worship following the Joplin fire and a deadly attack at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin. The Council on American-Islamic Relations also offered a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of whoever started the mosque fire.
About 50 families belong to the Islamic Society of Joplin, which opened in 2007 as a mosque and community center. The FBI led an investigation in 2008 when the mosque's sign was torched. That crime also remained unsolved.
Lahmuddin, who has lived in Joplin for about four years, said several people were at the center late Sunday. They said despite the attacks, the center's members have good relationships with residents and other churches. They said many are doctors at area hospitals.
On Sunday, a gunman killed six people at a Sikh temple in suburban Milwaukee. The imam said it was a cause of great concern that both faiths had seemingly come under attack.
"I heard that yesterday, and this morning we see this happen in our place," they said. "We are more fortunate that no one here got hurt in this incident."
A century and a half ago, the Carmenére grape was one of the most common Bordeaux grapes in France. And then a disease essentially wiped it out. So how did it recently reemerge in Chile?
In response to this post exploring the history of the Great French Wine blight, a discussion began about one of the more curious stories to emerge from it: The disappearance of the Carmenére grape and then its rather unexpected reappearance a continent away.
Advertisement
zuludaddy I've been told that the dominant pre-blight grape in most of the French growing region was the Carmenére, now only found in Chile. It is delicious, really rather affordable, and worth seeking out. Cody Chasen Burkett AFAIK, that was the case only in Bordeaux, it was the 6th red grape commonly used. The blight wiped that grape out there almost completely. Continuing that story, the Malbec there was almost all killed due to a hard spring frost in 1956, and never really replanted. (The other four red Bordeaux grapes are Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, and Merlot.) Sergio Armendariz According to Slate's resident wine expert Mike Steinberger , the Carmenere grape was re-discovered almost by accident in Chile. By serendipity, as it were. I don't like it (its nose after the bottle is opened smells weird to me) but apart from that, Chilean wines are a force to be reckoned with. Nice rich wines that make the miracle of being more affordable than our own while being as good. Sarcastro3 I am only an amateur wine-drinker, in that sometimes I drink wine, but I have noticed that I'm more fond of Chilean wines than anything else, Carmenere in particular. Now I have some idea of why that might be. Very interesting article.
Advertisement
Though the Carmenére's migration to Chile wasn't a deliberate move to save the grape, it was certainly a lucky one for anyone who wants to taste the grape without tracking down an early 1800s bottle of French wine.
Top image: Carmenére grapes / Simon-sake
What is charisma, really?
What is it about one personality or persona that draws our attention? That rivets us? And, perhaps even more to the point — especially in light of the picture above — is charisma a quality or a trait that one either has or doesn't have, or is it something that one radiates by virtue of attaining a certain level of notoriety or fame? Would we bother looking at a picture of someone shaving in a men's room in 1965, their head wrapped in a towel, if it wasn't a picture of Frank Sinatra shaving in a men's room in 1965, their head wrapped in a towel?
LIFE photographer John Dominis spent weeks with Sinatra in 1965 — the year the singer turned 50 — emerging with one of the most revealing photographic records of any major performer's private world ever captured on film. From rehearsals in smoke-filled recording studios to Vegas nightclub performances to golf in the Nevada sun to playing with their dog Ringo in their home office to late-night hijinks with their drinking buddies, the Sinatra in Dominis's remarkable photos is at-once far more approachable than the near-mythic bad boy of legend, and more Olympian in the way they dominate every scene. In large gatherings and small, in hotel suites and in sports arenas, virtually every frame Dominis shot makes it clear that, when Sinatra was around, no one else mattered.
[See the gallery, "LIFE With Sinatra: Portraits of ‘The Voice' in 1965."]
Call it what you like — charisma, magnetism, star quality — there's little question that by the time 1965 rolled around, Sinatra had "it," and "it" made their every move, every gesture, no matter how commonplace or trivial, somehow significant. Or, if not significant, at least suggestive of something more. Power, perhaps.
[Buy the LIFE book, The Rat Pack: The Original Bad Boys .]
Ultimately, though, what makes a simple picture of Frank Sinatra shaving so weirdly engaging — especially when he's obviously unconcerned with looking cool, or tough, or hip — is that such a picture feels so unexpected, so contrary to the way that, for the longest time, celebrities allowed themselves to be portrayed. Today, of course, when so many pop-culture creatures feel compelled to post, share and tweet every sordid or pointless experience ("Had another hangnail today!") and every ill-formed thought in their heads, a picture of a half-naked singer peering in the mirror as they shave would hardly raise any eyebrows.
Seeing a bona fide musical colossus unselfconsciously scraping away at their stubble, on the other hand, is so unusual that it somehow doesn't even register as mildly intrusive. Instead, Dominis's photograph is notable, all these years later, precisely because Sinatra is so supremely oblivious to our gaze. It's not that we, the viewers, don't matter; it's just that, having done it all and seen it all in their long, prodigious career, the Chairman of the Board has nothing left to prove.
— Ben Cosgrove is the Editor of LIFE.com
Blunder can be made by anyone even from current world No. 1 Carlsen Magnus. How can we avoid of making blunders? Previously a technique was recommended which was used by even at grandmaster level that is 'write down a planned move and take last look before making it.' But the same practice has been banned by FIDE in 2005 and US chess federation in 2007.I have search on Google and read some articles on avoiding blunders and found following ways which I am sharing with you.
Check the square twice (where you would like to arrange your piece) before making move that are you giving something free directly? This is the most common mistake in beginner level and sometimes amateur level.
Check Opponent last move carefully. All know but all forget even GM.
Set some trigger for example my trigger is ' Are my feet on the floor? Before making any move so when I do so I control myself from making fast moves. Very weird but effective for me (Given by my Mentor)
Now presenting our heroes' blunders
Palestine / 754 killed*
3 Sep 1945 to 30 Jun 1948
British troops faced Jewish insurgents determined to create the state of Israel.
Malaya / 1,443 killed
16 Jun 1948 to 31 Jul 1960
Britain fought a brutal but ultimately victorious war against ethnic Chinese communist guerrillas.
China (Yangtze) / 45 killed
20 Apr to 31 Jul 1949
HMS Amethyst was shelled by communists as it tried to reach Nanking to protect the British embassy there.
Korea / 1,129 killed
27 Jun 1950 to 27 Jul 1954
Kim Il-sung, grandfather of North Korea's current ruler, sent troops to overrun South Korea, which was rescued by UN intervention.
Egypt (Canal Zone) / 405 killed
16 Oct 1951 to 19 Oct 1954
A British force of 80,000 stationed along the Suez Canal Zone came under sustained attack by Egyptians.
Kenya / 95 killed
21 Oct 1952 to 17 Nov 1956
Colonial troops fought a brutal war with Mau Mau guerrillas fighting for Kenyan independence.
Cyprus / 358 killed
1 Apr 1955 to 18 Apr 1959
Britain tried to hold its Cyprus colony against Eoka guerrillas who wanted union with Greece.
Egypt (Suez) / 24 killed
31 Oct 1956 to 22 Dec 1956
Prime Minister Anthony Eden launched an attempt to recapture the canal after Egypt had nationalised it.
Arabian Peninsula / 60 killed
1 Jan 1957 to 30 Jun 1960
Britain intervened successfully to protect the Sultan of Oman against rebels from across the Saudi border.
Congo / 2 killed
10 Jul 1960 to 30 Jun 1964
UN peacekeepers were deployed to avert civil war in the Congo after Belgians departed.
Brunei / 7 killed
8 Dec 1962 to 23 Dec 1962
Britain sent troops to save Sultan (and Shell Oil's huge investment in Brunei) from Indonesian-backed rebels.
Borneo / 140 killed
24 Dec 1962 to 11 Aug 1966
Brunei rebellion was followed by war to keep both Brunei and Sarawak from being absorbed by Indonesia.
Cyprus / 3 killed
27 Mar 1964 to present
The United Nations has had a force in Cyprus since 1964 to keep the peace between Greeks and Turks.
Radfan (Aden) / 13 killed
25 Apr 1964 to 31 Jul 1964
Britain was desperate not to lose Aden. The first rebellion near the Yemen border was put down.
South Arabia (Aden) / 160 killed
1 Aug 1964 to 30 Nov 1967
Ultimately, however, 30,000 British troops could not hold the colony, which became the Republic of South Yemen.
Malay Peninsula / 39 killed
17 Aug 1964 to 11 Aug 1966
During the Borneo war, Indonesia tried to open a new front by landing troops and rebels in the Malaysian mainland.
Northern Ireland / 1,441 killed
14 Aug 1969 to 31 Jul 2007
The worst toll British forces have suffered since 1945 was on UK soil, during the Troubles.
Dhofar / 25 killed
1 Oct 1969 to 3 Sep 1976
British troops were sent again to the aid of Oman's reactionary Sultan, after a rebellion in Dhofar province.
Rhodesia / 5 killed
1 Dec 1979 to 20 Mar
1980 British rule briefly resumed in Rhodesia/Zimbabwe as the white minority lost control, until power transferred to Robert Mugabe.
Falklands / 237 killed
2 Apr 1982 to 12 Jul
1982 Argentina's military junta seized the islands in a bloodless takeover, but Margaret Thatcher sent a task force to dislodge them.
The Gulf War / 45 killed
2 Aug 1990 to 7 Mar 1991
A coalition of states combined to force the Iraqis out of Kuwait after Saddam Hussein had ordered an invasion.
Air Operations Iraq / 5 killed
16 Jul 1991 to 30 Apr 2003
After the war, the US and UK enforced no-fly zones to protect Iraq's Kurd and Shia and keep the pressure on Saddam.
Cambodia / 1 killed
1 Oct 1991 to 30 Sep 1993
The UN maintained a 20,000-strong force to oversee the transition after the Vietnamese army withdrew from Cambodia.
Balkans / 72 killed
1 Jul 1992 to present
Nato intervened in Bosnia to prevent Serbs massacring Muslims and, in 1998, to wrest Kosovo from Serb control.
Sierra Leone / 5 killed
5 May 2000 to 31 Jul 2002
Tony Blair sent troops to restore Sierra Leone's elected government, which had been ousted by Liberian-backed rebels.
Afghanistan / 453 killed
11 Sep 2001 to 27 Oct
Longest modern war involving the UK began to remove al-Qaeda fighters protected by the Taliban.
Iraq / 178 killed
20 Mar 2003 to 22 May
2011 Saddam said they had relinquished their weapons of mass destruction, as instructed by the United Nations. Tony Blair did not believe him.
Libya / 1 killed
19 Mar to 31 Oct 2011
David Cameron sent in troops to protect civilians from Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, Libya's dictator of 42 years.
7,145
Just over a year ago, John Fiske believed they were doing right by cows and the planet by eating only grass-fed beef.
Then the 32-year-old attorney had a “light bulb moment” and decided the toll that animal agriculture takes on animals and the environment is too high. Since then, they have been putting their money where their heart is.
View the photo gallery: Farm for rescuing farm animals
Over the past year, the now-vegetarian rancher has transformed their 2.5-acre Elfin Forest property into a sanctuary for rescued animals, including four horses, a crippled pig, two hens, a German shepherd and, soon, a few goats. On May 15, Fiske will host the grand opening of their San Diego Farm Animal Rescue.
San Diego Farm Animal Rescue Open House When: 4 p.m. May 15 Where: San Diego Farm Animal Rescue, 20771 Camino Cielo Azul, Elfin Forest. Admission: Free (proceeds from sale of $20 T-shirts will go toward animal feed) Phone: (619) 261-4090 Info: facebook.com/SDFarmAnimalRescue
Through the organization's Facebook page and website (sdfarmanimalrescue.org), Fiske said they hope to use their ranch to raise awareness, find new homes for slaughter-bound animals and gradually build a network of ranchers and farmers with the same humanitarian purpose.
“My goal is to promote the concept of compassion,” Fiske said. “Now that I'm on the other side with the personal journey I've taken, I can show how important it is for a person's ideas to evolve.”
Raised in Rancho Penasquitos, the son of a city planner (his dad) and county planner (his mom), Fiske said they were taught a love for the outdoors from an early age. With their father, they camped all over Southern California, and in both high school and college they studied environmental science.
When they finished law school, they dreamed of one day becoming a district attorney. But three years ago, an opportunity came along to develop a new “eco-lawyer” division at attorney John Gomez's personal injury law firm in downtown San Diego. Fiske now represents, among other clients, numerous California cities that are suing the chemical-maker Monsanto over the cost of cleaning up polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in public waterways.
Although Fiske said they had long been dedicated to saving the environment, their interest in saving animals wasn't awakened until they started seeing a woman who is a dedicated vegetarian. During the two years they dated, they shared their vision with them of creating a sanctuary for farm animals.
A year ago, they purchased the ranch in Elfin Forest and has spent every weekend working to transform it into a sustainable habitat for themselves and their menagerie of animals. Although they and their girlfriend are no longer together, they said their newfound passion for animal rights has led them to carry on with their vision.
As a lawyer, Fiske said he's inherently skeptical, but they couldn't argue with the facts and figures laid out in a documentary they saw a year ago called “Cowspiracy: The Sustainability Secret.” Produced by Leonardo DiCaprio, the film details the toll that raising beef cattle and pigs takes on global water consumption, water pollution, rainforest destruction, climate change, land use, world hunger and wildlife extinction.
Fiske said they also came to realize there's a profound disconnect among consumers over which mammals are fit for consumption and which are fit for pets.
“Our society has drawn a line between eating cows and pigs and eating dogs and cats, but there's no real reason for it. The number of farm animals killed each year is astronomically high,” they said.
According to the Humane Society of the U.S., 2.7 million dogs and cats were euthanized in shelters and pounds in the U.S. last year, compared to 9.2 billion farm animals (cattle, chickens, turkeys, ducks, hogs, sheeps and lambs) killed in slaughterhouses.
At the hillside property that Fiske has named Cherimoya Ranch (in honor of the 120 fruit trees on the property), one of their first rescues was Daisy, a 3-year-old German shepherd saved a year ago from a local shelter.
At the foot of the hill is a large open pen that's now home to four horses. Pokey and Emma are retired trail horses in their late 20s who are too old to adopt out, so they will live out their days on the ranch. Frisco and Jingo are a pair of 15-year-old paint brood mares who were saved from slaughter and are available for adoption if they're taken as a pair.
On a shaded plateau above the horse corral is a small, fenced-in garden where Roosevelt resides. He's a 4-year-old, pot-bellied pig born with deformed hooves. Their owners were moving out of the county and wanted to ensure they went to a good home. Because of the pig's unusual gait, he's named after the polio-stricken U.S. president.
At the southeast corner of the property is a newly constructed chicken coop and yard, where Fiske keeps two rescued Buff Orpington chickens, Amelia and Eleanor. They plan to take in another two chickens next week. And on a slope just east of their hilltop home, he's planning to fence in an area for rescued goats.
Caring for so many animals is both time-consuming and expensive. To cover the costs of animal feed (each horse costs about $100 a week in feed and other expenses), they rent out a studio apartment on their property on Airbnb. All the proceeds from the “Cozy Studio on Cherimoya Grove” pay for animal feed. They also sold their first crop of cherimoya fruit last fall to cover feed costs.
Although they work long days at the law firm downtown, Fiske said they love coming home to the quiet ranch where they spend all of their free time caring for the animals. Lately, he's been getting a little help from volunteers who have found the “San Diego Farm Animal Rescue” page on Facebook. Some people inspired by their cause have volunteered to help feed and clean up after the animals.
Fiske is encouraging families to come out to their free grand opening celebration at 4 p.m. May 15 at 20771 Camino Cielo Azul. The public can tour the ranch, meet the animals, enjoy free food, beer and wine and live music by Joe Cardillo. Fiske will also be selling $20 T-shirts, with all proceeds benefiting the animals.
The opening event will kick off the first formal educational programs at the ranch. Later in May, he'll host a Brownies troop that will come to learn about the care and feeding of farm animals. They also welcome all visitors on weekend afternoons, though they ask them to contact them first through theirs website.
Although Fiske said they know their property is too small to save very many farm animals from slaughter, they hope that their message will inspire visitors to at least think hard about the realities of America's livestock business.
“Our food system has become a grotesque, violent industry, and unless we help out those who can't help themselves, our job isn't done,” they said.
7,982 views
HITC – GLASGOW, Celtic plan to target Sardar Azmoun if Moussa Dembele leaves the Hoops this summer, but could face competition from Everton.
A report in The Scottish Sun has suggested that Celtic have earmarked Rostov striker Sardar Azmoun as a potential replacement if Moussa Dembele moves on this summer, but the Hoops could face competition from Everton.
The Scottish Sun reports that Brendan Rodgers is desperate to keep the 20-year-old at Parkhead this summer, but the club are bracing themselves for big-money bids with the likes of AC Milan, Paris Saint-Germain, Liverpool and Manchester United all keeping a keen eye on Dembele's progress.
Because of the interest it seems, Rodgers is considering potential replacements for the 32-goal striker should they end up leaving the Scottish Premiership champions, and Azmoun is one of the names they are keen on.
The Scottish Sun reports that Rodgers wanted the 22-year-old while they were in charge at Liverpool, and now it is the Reds' Merseyside rivals Everton that could damage Celtic's hopes of signing the Rostov man as the Toffees are also keen on the youngster, as are Lazio, Villarreal and a cluster of Russian sides.
The Iran international has scored seven times in the league, and also found the back of the net against the likes of Atletico Madrid and Bayern Munich in Europe this past season, so it is perhaps hardly a surprise that a Celtic side that hopes to reach the Champions League group-stages during the next campaign have been monitoring Azmoun's situation.
The Scottish Sun adds that Azmoun has one year left on their deal in Russia, so it may not be out of the question to suggest that a move away could be possible if they make it clear that they have no desire to sign another contract.
While losing Dembele would undoubtedly be a major blow for Celtic if that deal did take place this summer, it appears that Azmoun – nicknamed the Iranian Ibrahimovic due to their playing style – has the potential to fill the void that the Frenchman may leave, so winning the race for their signature could prove as big a coup as signing Dembele from Fulham was.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Education Minister Leighton Andrews has made a dramatic return to frontline Welsh politics in a surprise Welsh Government reshuffle.
The controversial Rhondda Assembly Member was handed the role of leading reform of local government reorganisation and public service reform as the head of a new Public Services ministry.
Mr Andrews said it was a “slight surprise” to find themselves back in government.
Despite their appointment, they kept a commitment to take part in a panel debate at a conference organised by the Institute of Welsh Affairs on the implications of the Scottish referendum for Wales.
They said: “I prepared for this conference as a backbencher and ended up having to speak as a representative of the Government.
“I'm very pleased to be back. There's a big challenge ahead of us in terms of improving public services in Wales. There's obviously a very big agenda ahead of us in terms of local government reform.
“I think we've got to recognise that it's a very difficult time at the moment for people to be councillors. We've got to find ways of ensuring that people want to stand for local councils and understand the opportunities that local government brings and I want to look again at that agenda.”
Asked whether they went along with the Williams Commission's recommendation that the number of councils in Wales should be roughly halved, they said: “I need to look at what has been considered internally. Obviously there have been discussions about the possibility of voluntary mergers. I want to see whether progress has been made on those.
“There's been a consultation within the Labour Party that's been going on and other parties are also looking at what they think about the future. I want to see whether it is possible to achieve a consensus around reform in Wales.”.
When asked whether there was resistance to change among some elements of the Labour Party, Mr Andrews said: “I think there is very significant movement in favour of change. People know things can't stay the same. I think that's become more and more evident over the last 18 months. I think there are still many unresolved questions that we need to get to grips with. But this isn't just about the Labour Party, this is all political parties and people outside the political structures. What kind of delivery of public services do we want to see post-devolution? The current structure of local government was obviously invented prior to devolution and I think there is a very active and healthy debate under way.”
Mr Andrews said they had a “big challenge” ahead of him, adding: “I am keen to hear from people across Wales on their views on how we improve local services.
“We have a big chance to renew local government and I am keen to hear how we empower local democracy.”
In terms of timescale, Mr Andrews said: “I haven't been into the department yet, I haven't looked at the commitments that have been made. I need to review what the First Minister and the Local Government Minister were looking at themselves. I've obviously had some discussion of these issues in the last year as a member of the local government committee, but I think there are a number of quite thorny issues that we need to look at. There are new proposals coming forward even in the last week from local government themselves. I think I've probably got a lot of reading to do.”
The reshuffle, announced role-by-role by First Minister Carwyn Jones' official Twitter account, saw no surprise changes in the major roles, with Mark Drakeford remaining Health Minister, Huw Lewis retaining Education and Edwina Hart remaining Economy and Transport Minister.
But there were some significant departures from the Cabinet, with Communities and Tackling Poverty Minister Jeff Cuthbert leaving and announcing they would stand down as an AM in 2016.
The most recent Culture and Sport Minister and former Environment Minister and Counsel General, John Griffiths – a long-standing ally of Carwyn Jones – also left the government.
In pictures: The new look Welsh Government Cabinet:
The reshuffle was criticised as being a cabinet of the “same old tired faces” by Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies.
Former Education Minister Mr Andrews had long been tipped for a return to the Cabinet, after they resigned from government in June last year after they were pictured campaigning against the closure of Pentre Primary School in their constituency, in contradiction to their own department's in schools closure policy for schools with surplus places.
Known as a Marmite figure in the education sector for their hardline style and reforming agenda, the new Public Services reform brief will likely be dominated by the extremely controversial plans to slash the number of Welsh councils, which have met stiff resistance in local government.
After the news was announced, they tweeted simply: “Pleased to be returning to government as Minister for Public Service.”
Other changes included Lesley Griffiths replaces Mr Cuthbert as Communities and Tackling Poverty Minister, with housing and regeneration included, while Jane Hutt – a Minister since the start of devolution – remains as Finance Minister, but also takes on Ms Griffiths' previous role as Minister for Government Business.
Carl Sargeant moves from Housing and Regeneration to the Natural Resources brief.
Long-serving Deputy Minister for Social Services, Gwenda Thomas, also left the government with Vaughan Gething becoming a Deputy Minister for Health.
Ms Thomas' departure prompted Mr Jones to pay tribute to their work delivering the Social Services Bill.
They wrote: “The ground-breaking Social Services Bill will improve so many lives across Wales. It wouldn't have happened without Gwenda.”
Clwyd South AM Ken Skates, tipped as a rising star, remains a Deputy Minister but moves from Technology and Skills to a Culture and Sport brief, while Rebecca Evans – appointed as a Deputy Minister for agriculture and fisheries only in July – retained a similar brief with Farming and Food.
Swansea West AM Julie James also entered government as Deputy Minister for Skills and Technology.
Carwyn Jones said: “This is a cabinet equipped with the skills and experience to deliver the changes that Wales needs in the crucial months ahead.
“We promised this would be a term of delivery and I am proud of what we have achieved together in the last three years. Unemployment is lower here than in England.
“We have seen our best ever inward investment figures, record exam results, and ground-breaking legislation. However, there is still a huge amount for us to do, especially in the delivery of our public services reform programme.
“I give my heartfelt thanks to John Griffiths, Jeff Cuthbert and Gwenda Thomas as they leave Government. I have valued their hard work, advice and loyalty and I look forward to their continued contribution to Welsh politics and public life. I welcome Julie James to their first role in Government, and welcome back Leighton Andrews to the cabinet.”
Tory leader Mr Davies said: “This reshuffle resolves Carwyn Jones' knee-jerk reaction to the pre-summer sacking of Alun Davies for breaching the ministerial code and attempting to smear opposition AMs.
“The new Public Services Minister seems equipped for their role having lost their last cabinet job for campaigning against Labour's own public service reforms.
“Welsh Labour may have shuffled some deckchairs, but this makes no difference to the damaging policies pursued, cutting the NHS budget, dumbing down the Welsh education system and neglecting private enterprise.
“Some of the same tired faces who've been sat around the cabinet table since 1999 remain in post and continue to give post-war Eastern European communist politicians a run for their money.”
The reshuffle as it happened:
Hey there guys!
As you noticed, it's been a while since I didn't post anything in that page, the reason is simple... My video card burned... So I wasn't able to make new animations and to make fully finished models (I can only run MS3D that is a really old 3D modelling program (that prevent me to make good UV_maps). My new computer will arrive in october (or november max)
However the work didn't stop actually!
Moving from Total War
As you may have noticed, we are moving from Total War Games so as to move on the Unreal Engine 4. The reason is simple, I am way to limited on R2TW or ATW for four reasons;
First I even wasn't able to assign a sound to actions (the Walkers would have walk in silence) that would have greatly killed the mod experience (The AT-AT Walkers would be impossible to add in TW moreover...).
Secondly, the amount of animations is limited, that wouldn't let us have a great diversity in the vehicles, units, and fauna;
Thirdly as R2TW and ATW didn't have musket/rifle fighting mechanic, it was really difficult to make my units firing as I wanted (pretty impossible with the Walker...).
And Finally, the battlemaps were pretty limited, even with the TED modding tool.
That's why I prefer to move on UE4.
It will be a standalone RTS game, and it will be free. The game mechanic will be really near to what proposed Empire at War at its time, but a bit improved.
Campaign map
There will be first, two factions, Rebels and Empire (I will probably add sub-factions later, so as to have diplomatic issues then)
The galaxy map will be divided in systems of planets. One system would be composed of two or three planets. Those planets will be divided in slots (two or three) and on each slot you be able to build one building. Each slot, will have one specific battlemap. In some cases, you will have slots that are not directly on the planets, for example, Kashyyyk will have two slots on the planet, and one on its moon Trandosha that will allow diversification of environments.
All planets will have its own advantages, such as the troops you would be allowed to recruit:
The Empire will only be able to recruit units from planets composed of Humans, but will have bonuses for its economy. However the Rebels will be able to recruit units according to the races that are composing the planet (In Kashyyyk it will be able to recruit Wookiees and Trandoshans; in Sullust, Sullustans; in Naboo, Humans and Gungans (hell no, please don't hit me :p ) etc.), that will have their own specificity.
Battles
The land battles will be in Real Time, as in EAW, without the possibility for the defender to create units, or buildings (only small defenses will be available) during the battle. Capturing command posts will give you some advantages such as to increase the maximum of units you can disembark. As in EAW, the number of men per unit will be limited to 6, but no worries, the maximum of units will be important so as to let you make epic battles.
Moreover, the UE4 will allow us to add new kind of stuff like bombardment, or orbital/space battles then!
So what would I have to do so as to start?
May be you saw the picture posted last few days, I will start to work on one planet, that is Yavin IV. I already made many of buildings for the background, such as Sith Temples, Sanctuaries, ruins, statutes, and others. I want to outline the feeling of the environment that was really missing in EAW. When that first battlemap will be ready, I will upload it (in February I think) so as to have your opinion before I start to work on the campaign map, and an other planet.
I hope that it's gonna please you, you will have news soon! ;)
Cheers and thanks for your support!!
Flikitos
Model NO. Wireless Charge Type Travel Power Source Electric Socket Type For the USA/Canada Power Distance 8mm Product Dimension 147*80*9mm Charging Method One-to-Two Specification SGS, CE, ROHS Origin China
Specification
Products name:
The newest 2013 High quality Wireless Charger Qi Wireless Charger For iPhone4/4s/5
Use: Mobile Phone
Product Standard: QI
Input Voltage: DC5V
Input Current: DC1A
Transmission Power: DC5W
Working Frequency: 100-200kHz
Energy Conversion: 72%>
Power Distance: 8MM
Charging Current: 500-1000mAh
Charging Voltage: DC5V
Product Dimension: 147*80*9mm
Weight: 400G
Charging Method: One-to-Two
Place of Origin: China
Time to Market: Already listed
Qi Wireless charger for Nokia Lumia 920/820, LG Nexus 4/Nexus 5, Samsung Galaxy S3/Note2/ S4 @ T100
The following mobile phone can use our Qi wireless charger:
Samsung Galaxy S3 I9300/I9308/I939, Galaxy Note 2 7100/7105, Galaxy S4 I9500
Nokia Lumia 920/820
LG Nexus 4/ Nexus 5/7.7 F240
HTC X920e. 8X(American version)
Remarks: Galaxy S3, Note 2, S4, 820 only have wireless charging point, but without receiver chipset and coil built-in, need to change a receiver case or add a receiver card.
It has more than 60 members joined the Wireless Power Consortium Organization, which includes a lot of famous mobile phone manufacturer. Such as: Nokia. LG, Samsung, HTC, Blackberry, Sony Ericsson and so on and they will start to launch a lot of wirelees charging support mobile phones in the future.
Qi wireless charger support smartphone models:
Wireless charging directly with the T100 charging pad: Nokia Lumia 920, LG Nexus 4, HTC 8X, HTC X920e (the USA version)
For Samsung Galaxy Note 2 do only have wireless charging touching point, so it needs a extra wireless receiver built-in for wireless charging.
Two choice for you:
1. Change your original note case with our receiver case, Model No. N200.
2. Put our receiver coil into your phone, Model No. N300
Color Available:
Wireless charging pad T100: White/ Black
Wireless receiver case for Galaxy S3 S100: Yellow/Blue/White/Green
Wireless receiver case for Galaxy S3 S200: Yellow/Blue/White/Green
Wireless receiver case for Galaxy Note 2 N200: Blue/Gret
Packaging & Delivery
Packaging Detail: 1PC/Gift box, 50PCS/CTN
Gross weight: 20KG/CTN
Carton Size: 44*35.5*470Delivery Detail: 3- 5working days for samples, 3-15 days for mass production
How to charge:
1. Just using the attached USB cable can charge this wireless power.
2. One end of charging cable connects with "IN" port, Another end connects with computer's USB or DC5V charging port.
3. Place iPhone
4 into receiver case and move "ON/OFF" button to ON" position, Then it can start to charge your iPhone 4.
4. It will shut off power automatically once iPhone 4 fully charged. Meanwhile, it can charge other mobile phones through using your mobile phone's original
Charging cable.
Remark: When charge the iPhone 4, the contactor of the reception and the pin of the wireless power must befully consistent and the green LED will blink. LED Lights indication: When charge this wireless power, the LED indicator will show as follow: (from left to right) Three LED indicators blink----power < 30% Two LED indicators blink--- power= 30% One LED indicator blink _power=70% One LED indicator lights on-----power =100%
Business Terms:
Sample lead time: 5 working days once we confirm the order or received payment.
Minimum order: MOQ is 50PCS per item. We can offer discount if more than 100PCS/item one order.
Payment Terms: T/T in advance
Packing: Routine standard package. All molding and tooling charges for customers' special packaging will be on customer's account.
Label: Standard OEM label. All artwork film and printing costs are of customers' expensed.
Approved Certification for our company:
ISO9001: 2008, SGS, CCC, CE (EMC, LVD), RoHS, PSE, SAA, C-Tick, UL
A Review of the FBI's Response to John Roberts' Statements on 60 Minutes
February 2003
Office of the Inspector General
ATTACHMENT 3
SHOW: 60 Minutes
DATE: October 27, 2002
LOST IN TRANSLATION
ED BRADLEY, host:
Lost in Translation is the story of hundreds, if not thousands, of foreign language documents that the FBI neglected to translate before and after September 11th because of problems in its language department, documents that detailed what the FBI heard on wiretaps and learned during interrogations of suspected terrorists. Sibel Edmonds, a translator who worked at the FBI's language division, says the documents weren't translated because the division is riddled with incompetence and corruption. Edmonds was fired after reporting their concerns to FBI officials. They recently told their story behind closed doors to investigators in Congress and to the Justice Department. Tonight they tell their story to us.
(Footage of Edmonds and Bradley; FBI agents carrying boxes out of house; Edmonds and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Because they are fluent in Turkish and other Middle Eastern languages, Edmonds, a 32-year-old Turkish-American, was hired by the FBI soon after September 11th and given top-secret security clearance to translate some of the reams of documents seized by FBI agents who, for the past year, have been rounding up suspected terrorists across the United States and abroad.
Ms. SIBEL EDMONDS: The first two months after the September 11 event, we--the agents out there in--in--in New York, LA, other field offices, they were working around the clock. And I would receive calls from these people saying, 'Would you please prioritize this and--and translate it?'
(Footage of Edmonds sitting at desk; Edmonds and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) But Edmonds says that to their amazement, from the day they started the job, they were told repeatedly by one of their supervisors that there was no urgency; that they should take longer to translate documents so that the department would appear overworked and understaffed. That way, it would receive a larger budget for the next year.
Ms. EDMONDS: We were told by our supervisors that this was the great opportunity for asking for increased budget and asking for more translators. And in order to do that, don't do the work and let the documents pile up so we can show it and say that we need more translators and expand the department.
BRADLEY: So you--you have FBI agents who are in the field relying on your translation work in order to move their cases forward, and your supervisor is saying, 'Slow down. Let the cases pile up'?
Ms. EDMONDS: Correct.
BRADLEY: I mean, how is it possible that the focus wasn't on terrorism, particularly after 9/11 ?
Ms. EDMONDS: It was not. At least in that department, it was not.
(Footage of Bradley and Edmonds)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Edmonds says that the supervisor, in an effort to slow their down, went so far as to erase completed translations from their FBI computer after she'd left work for the day.
Ms. EDMONDS: The next day, I would come to work, turn on my computer and the work would be gone. The translation would be gone. Then I had to start all over again and retranslate the same document. And I went to my supervisor and they said, 'Consider it a lesson and don't talk about it to anybody else and don't mention it.'
BRADLEY: What's the lesson?
Ms. EDMONDS: The lesson was don't work, don't do the translations. Go out and spend two hours lunch breaks, you know. Go and--don't go and get coffee downstairs. Go eight blocks away. Just chat with your friends. But don't do the work because--and this is our chance to increase the number of people here in this department.
(Footage of Edmonds sitting at desk; Grassley speaking at podium; Grassley and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Sibel Edmonds put their concerns about the FBI's language department in writing to their immediate superiors and to a top official at the FBI. Edmonds says for months, they got no response. They then turned for help to the Justice Department's inspector general, which is investigating their claims, and to Senator Charles Grassley because their committee, the Judiciary Committee, has direct oversight of the FBI.
Did they seem credible to you? Did their story seem credible?
Senator CHARLES GRASSLEY (Republican, Iowa): Absolutely, she's credible. And the reason I feel she's very credible is because people within the FBI have corroborated a lot of them stories.
(Footage of woman working at computer; Kevin Taskasen speaking with woman; prisoners at Guantanamo Bay; Taskasen; Edmonds and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) The FBI has conceded that some people in the language department are unable to adequately speak English or the language they're supposed to be translating. Kevin Taskasen was assigned to Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to translate interrogations of Turkish-speaking al-Qaida members who had been captured after September 11th. The FBI admits that they were not fully qualified to do the job.
Ms. EDMONDS: They neither passed the English nor the Turkish side of this language proficiency test.
BRADLEY: So that means if, for example, you had a--a terrorist detained at--at Guantanamo who had information about an attack being planned in the future against the United States, that person would not have been in a position to translate that?
Ms. EDMONDS: Correct. They wouldn't.
BRADLEY: I mean, that's hard to imagine.
Ms. EDMONDS: But that's the case.
(Footage of exterior of J. Edgar Hoover FBI Building; recovery effort at World Trade Centerpombing in 1993; exterior of FBI Building; recovery effort at World Trade Center bombing in 2001; GAO documents on foreign languages; Grassley and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Critical shortages of experienced Middle Eastern language translators have plagued the FBI and the rest of the US intelligence community for years. Months before the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993, one of the plotters of the attack was heard on tape having a discussion in Arabic that no one at the time knew was about how to make explosives, and they had a manual that no one at the time knew was about how to blow up buildings. None of it was translated until well after the bombing, and while the FBI has hired more translators since then, officials concede that problems in the language division have hampered the country's efforts to battle terrorism, and according to congressional investigators, may have played a role in the inability to prevent the September 11th attacks. Earlier this year, the General Accounting Office reported that the FBI had expressed concern over the thousands of hours of audiotapes and pages of written material that have not been reviewed or translated because of a lack of qualified linguists.
Sen. GRASSLEY: If--If they got word today that within--in a little while, the Hoover Dam was going to be blown up, and it takes a week or two to get it translated, as was one of the problems in this department, you know, you couldn't intervene to prevent that from happening.
BRADLEY: So you think that this place does need an overhaul essentially?
Sen. GRASSLEY: It needs to be turned upside down. - (Footage of exterior of FBI Building; FBI agent; foreign flags; Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) In its rush to hire more foreign language translators after September 11th, the FBI admits it has had difficulty performing background checks to detect translators who may have loyalties to other governments, which could pose a threat to US national security.
Take the case of Jan Dickerson, a Turkish translator who worked with Sibel Edmonds. The FBI has admitted that when Dickerson was hired last November, the bureau didn't know that they had worked for a Turkish organization being investigated by the FBI's own counterintelligence unit, and they didn't know...
(Footage of Turkish Embassy; Edmonds and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) ...she'd had a relationship with a Turkish intelligence officer stationed in Washington who was the target of that investigation. According to Sibel Edmonds, Jan Dickerson tried to recruit them into that organization, and insisted that Dickerson be the only one to translate the FBI's wiretaps of that Turkish official.
What was their reaction when you didn't go along with--with them plan?
Ms. EDMONDS: They got very angry, and later they threatened me and my family's life.
BRADLEY: Threatened you?
Ms. EDMONDS: Correct.
BRADLEY: Did--did you take their threat seriously?
Ms. EDMONDS: Oh, yes. They said, 'Why would you want to place your life and your family's life in danger by translating these tapes?'
(Footage of Edmonds working at desk; State Department building; aerial view of the Pentagon; Edmonds and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Edmonds says that when they reviewed Dickerson's translations of those tapes, they found that Dickerson had left out information crucial to the FBI's investigation; information that Edmonds says would have revealed that the Turkish intelligence officer had spies working for them inside the US State Department and at the Pentagon.
Ms. EDMONDS: We came across at least 17, 18 translations, communications that were extremely important for--for the ongoing investigations of these indivi--individuals.
BRADLEY: And they had not translated these--these--this information?
Ms. EDMONDS: No, they had marked it as 'not important to be translated.'
BRADLEY: Specifically, what kind of information did they leave out of their translation?
Ms. EDMONDS: Activities to obtain the United States military and intelligence secrets.
(Edmonds working; Edmonds and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Edmonds says they complained repeatedly to their bosses about what she'd found on the wiretaps and about Jan Dickerson's conduct, but that nobody at the FBI wanted to hear about it. They say not even the assistant special agent in charge.
Ms. EDMONDS: They said, 'Do you realize what you are saying here in your allegations? Are you telling me that our security people are not doing their jobs? Is that what you're telling me? If you insist on this investigation, I'll make sure in no time it will turn around and become an investigation about you.' These were their exact words.
(Footage of FBI letter to Edmonds; Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Sibel Edmonds was fired this past March. The FBI offered no explanation, saying in the letter only that their contract was terminated completely for the government's convenience.
But three months later, the FBI conceded that on at least two occasions, Jan Dickerson had, in fact, left out significant information from their translations. They say it was due to a lack of experience and was not malicious.
(Footage of exterior of home; Chicago Tribune article; Grassley and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Dickerson recently quit the FBI and now lives in Belgium. They declined to be interviewed, but two months ago, they told the Chicago Tribune that the allegations against them are preposterous and ludicrous. Senator Charles Grassley says he's disturbed by what the Dickerson incident says about internal security at the FBI.
Sen. GRASSLEY: You shouldn't have somebody in your organization that's compromising our national security by not doing the job right, whether it's a lack of skills or whether it's intentional.
BRADLEY: Based on your experience, does the Sibel Edmonds case fall into any pattern of behavior, pattern of conduct on--on the part of the FBI?
Sen. GRASSLEY: The usual pattern. Let me tell you, first of all, the embarrassing information comes out, the FBI reaction is to sweep it under the rug, and then eventually they shoot the messenger.
(Footage of John Roberts leaving building; Roberts and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Special agent John Roberts, a chief of the FBI's Internal Affairs Department, agrees. And while they are not permitted to discuss the Sibel Edmonds case, for the last 10 years, they have been investigating misconduct by FBI employees and says they are outraged by how little is ever done about it.
Mr. JOHN ROBERTS: I don't know of another person in the FBI who has done the internal investigations that I have and has seen what I have and that knows what has occurred and what has been glossed over and what has, frankly, just disappeared, just vaporized, and no one disciplined for it.
(Footage of Robert Mueller speaking at podium; Roberts; Edmonds working; Roberts and Bradley)
BRADLEY: (Voiceover) Despite a pledge from FBI director Robert Mueller to overhaul the culture of the FBI in light of 9/11, and encourage bureau employees to come forward to report wrongdoing, Roberts says that in the rare instances when employees are disciplined, it's usually low-level employees like Sibel Edmonds who get punished and not their bosses.
Mr. ROBERTS: I think the double standard of discipline will continue no matter who comes in, no matter who tries to change. You--you have a certain--certain group that--that will continue to protect itself. That's just how it is.
BRADLEY: No matter what happens?
Mr. ROBERTS: I would say no matter what happens.
BRADLEY: Have you found cases since 9/11 where people were involved in misconduct and were not, let alone reprimanded, but were even promoted?
Mr. ROBERTS: Oh, yes. Absolutely.
BRADLEY: That's astonishing.
Mr. ROBERTS: Why?
BRADLEY: Because you--you would think that after 9/11, that's a big slap on the face. 'Hello! This is a wake-up call here.'
Mr. ROBERTS: Depends on who you are. If you're in the senior executive level, it may not hurt you. You will be promoted.
BRADLEY: In fact, the supervisor who Sibel Edmonds says told them to slow down their translations was recently promoted. Edmonds has filed a whistle-blower suit to get their job back, but last week, US Attorney General Ashcroft asked the court to dismiss it on grounds it would compromise national security. And also on the grounds of national security, the FBI declined to discuss the specifics of their charges, but it says it takes all such charges seriously and investigates them.
(Announcements)
As they arrived on their bike for a 3am clock-in at the family-owned bakery on the Greek island of Salamina, Walid Taleb had no reason to think their 10-hour shift that morning would be different from any other.
But Saturday, November 3rd, was to prove different – the 29-year-old Egyptian migrant disappeared into a maelstrom of beating at the hands of their employer, their son and two accomplices, who chained them up and tortured them for 18 hours in a stable.
That ordeal was followed by indifference by medics, who said they didn't require hospitalisation after they were found beaten black and blue on a village street, and by police, who detained them in a cell for four nights after the attack.
On that Saturday morning, Walid's trouble started two hours before the end of their shift, when baker Yiorgos Sgourdos's son, a 19-year-old just back from their compulsory military service, told the Egyptian to clear off and never come back.
Unpaid wages
Taken aback at their rash dismissal, Walid felt there was little they could do as an immigrant with no papers. But they did ask for the two months' unpaid wages they were owed.
Hearing that, the baker's son twice punched Walid in the face. With that, the father appeared on the scene with another man, and they joined in the beating.
They searched him, and in a pocket found a large sum, about €12,000, a discovery that fuelled, they would later tell an examining magistrate, their suspicion that they were stealing from the premises. It's a charge that their friends strenuously deny, pointing out that, unable to open bank accounts, they entrusted their hard-earned savings to the care of Walid, whom their compatriots saw as safe and trustworthy.
Walid's three tormenters then placed a ring and chain around their neck, bundled them into a car and drove a short distance to a stable, next to the baker's home.
That's when the horror started for Walid, who says the baker and their gang seemed to be in for the long haul: police later found water, food, alcohol and cigarettes in the outhouse. In the ordeal that followed, they were beaten in shifts and told they would be killed.
“ ‘You will die here and here you will be buried.' The son told me that their father had a gun and that they would kill me,” Walid told this newspaper, adding that they were certain they would never leave the stable alive.
But when the baker and the others left the stable to open the bakery on Sunday morning, Walid managed to use a rock to smash the ring binding them to the ground. Stumbling outside, their face bruised, and unable to talk, they wandered for a couple of hours around the village before collapsing in front of a petrol station, when shocked passersby called the police.
Taken to hospital by ambulance, Walid's second ordeal then started. When doctors said there was no need to keep them in, the police took them into custody, detaining them for three nights in a cell with criminal suspects on Salamina and a night in the Athens “aliens' bureau”, where preparations were made to deport them to Egypt.
No medical treatment
Contacted yesterday, Greece's police press office said it would need two working days to answer written questions from The Irish Times about Walid's treatment.
Rabab Hassan, a volunteer with the Egyptian community in Greece, said: “Walid received no medical treatment in all this time, apart from some paracetamol given to them by the police.”
With the help of a lawyer, Hassan managed to secure Walid's release from custody four nights after the attack.
The same day, Sgourdos, the baker, was also released, subject to restrictive bail terms. Along with their three co-accused, they face charges of robbery, abduction and grievous bodily harm and illegally employing an alien. If found guilty, they could go to prison for at least 10 years.
What has shocked observers is that the 59-year-old Sgourdos is a former local councillor and deputy mayor for conservative New Democracy on Salamina.
Last Friday, as four friends carried them out of a Piraeus courtroom where they testified to an examining magistrate, Walid's pain was etched on their face. Barely able to whisper and with their head slumped on the shoulder of a friend, they dozed off while fellow Egyptians from Salamina looked on in disbelief as they recounted the unbelievable and unpredicted ordeal among themselves. They said they were still passing blood six days after the incident.
Alarmed that Walid had not returned home from work, they had spent hours on Saturday and Sunday morning looking for their friend. When they asked at the bakery on Saturday, they were told Walid had left as normal.
“On Sunday morning I spoke to the baker, who offered me coffee and walked around with me looking for Walid's bike. They even said to me that by not showing up for work, they were destroying their business,” said Mustafa Samir, as they sat with Walid in a Piraeus hospital on Saturday.
Their ordeal is more proof that casual brutality towards foreigners is on the rise in Greece, where Golden Dawn, an openly violent, fascist party that demands the immediate deportation of all illegal migrants and the mining of the country's borders, has 18 MPs in the 300-seat parliament.
UN response
Characterising the attack as one of “striking brutality”, the Athens office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, which recently set up a racist violence recording network with a number of non-governmental organisations, said it can be considered a racially motivated act “since it is doubtful that such an act would have been the same had the victim been Greek”.
It added that the response of the authorities in Walid's case “follows a pattern” noted in a recent report from the network whereby survivors lacking legal documents have been arrested with a view to deportation after going to the police to report racist violence against them.
“If this happened to a Greek in Egypt, what would the reaction of the Greek government have been?” Walid, who is married and has two young daughters, asked from their hospital bed.
Early in the 2014 season, Sporting Kansas City transferred Spanish defensive midfielder, Oriol Rosell to Portuguese side, Sporting Club de Portugal. At the time, the transfer was seen with disappointment and happiness that the club was losing one of their better players, but that they were going to one of the giants of Portugal and a perennial Champions League team. From the Portugal side of things it was thought that Rosell would eventually replace William Carvalho who was a target of clubs in the EPL. Carvalho hasn't left though and Rosell hasn't gotten a ton of playing time with the club. Last year they played just 482 minutes in league play, added another 500 in domestic cups, and 88 minutes in European competitions last year. This year, Rosell has yet to dress for their club as they started their 2015-2016 season a few weeks ago.With that lack of playing time, it's led to rumors of Rosell's departure from the club, including a rumored return to the States. A report today out of Portugal linked Rosell with not just a return to the US, but a return to Sporting KC. According to the article, KC has already shown interest in the Spaniard returning to the club they enjoyed enough success to earn them a move in the first place.The thought of Rosell returning to KC is certainly something that would be welcomed with open arms by the fans, Rosell had quickly become a fan favorite during their time in KC made even greater by their departure and KC's struggles to replace him. In reality though it seems that KC may have finally found someone that replaced him, in Haitian, Soni Mustivar. Since replacing Servando Carrasco, Mustivar has stabilized the defensive midfield position and the back line behind him. A returning Rosell would immediately create more competition for time in the midfield, but it'd also become a question of who starts and who sits. Right now KC's starting midfield when everyone is healthy is quite formidable with the likes of Mustivar, Roger Espinoza, and Benny Feilhaber. While having depth is good, there are also other areas that most fans would say need to be addressed before the midfield right now.Beside Rosell's place on the field, the bigger question may be how KC's acquires them should they return to the US. Since KC received a transfer fee for Rosell from Sporting Portugal, if Rosell returns to the US they would be subjected to the allocation rules. It's the same process that saw Kei Kamara return to the Columbus Crew late last year after being released from their contract by Middlesbrough. Currently KC is in sixth place in the allocation order behind the LA Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, Philadelphia Union, and Portland Timbers. That means that KC would either have to hope for all five of those teams to pass on signing Rosell (which I really can't see happening), or KC is going to have to make a deal with someone in front of them to move up in the order to grab him. A trade would likely have to involve either allocation money (which rumor was KC had plenty of) or potentially the new targeted allocation money. The later might appeal greatly to the team at the top of the order, the Galaxy, as they've already used all of their TAM to buy down the contract of Omar Gonzalez to allow them to sign Giovani dos Santos as another designated player earlier this year. A way around the allocation order could be to make Rosell a designated player (if MLS were to agree to that contract).The other thing with this move to keep in mind is that it wouldn't help KC this year, the earliest Rosell could help is in 2016. The reason for this is that MLS's transfer window is closed, any player that KC signs between now and the September 16th roster freeze date have to be out of contract before the MLS window closed. If Rosell is released from their contract between now and the end of the MLS season, KC would only have to move up from sixth and they would officially be added to the roster when MLS' primary window opens in early 2016. Once the season ends though the order resets based on the 2015 finish that will likely see KC move further back in the order. This further article though makes it seem that Sporting CP isn't going to be letting Rosell go cheaply. Apparently they want to recoup the money that they'd spent on purchasing Rosell from KC last year. Sporting spending that amount for Rosell seems extremely unlikely, especially when Rosell would probably come with a larger contract than the one they left with. Over spending to get Rosell back would be counterproductive, the same way over spending to get the first spot in the allocation order last year to get Kei Kamara wouldn't have been in KC's best interest (even with Kamara's goal output this year).
A new poll from Reuters/Ipsos found that a majority of Americans think that businesses should not be allowed to refuse to serve a customer based on religious beliefs. The survey also found that 52 percent of respondents believe that same-sex marriage should be legalized, versus 32 percent that oppose it.
The results come in the wake of "religious freedom" bills in Indiana and Arkansas that is a thinly veiled attempt to legalize institutional homophobia.
Advertisement:
Reuters' Steve Holland reports:
Fifty-four percent said it was wrong for businesses to refuse services, while 28 percent said they should have that right. And 55 percent said businesses should not have the right to refuse to hire certain people or groups based on the employer's religious beliefs, while 27 percent said businesses should have the right... For the survey, 892 people aged 18 years old and over were interviewed online. The Reuters/Ipsos online poll was measured using a credibility interval. It has a credibility interval of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Another recent poll by the Center for American Progress found that support for laws preventing discrimination of LGBT people was even stronger among Americans aged 18 to 34, with 65 percent of respondents saying they would like to see such laws implemented.
"These numbers show that America's rising electorate stands firmly on the side of basic fairness for all people," said Laura E. Durso, director of CAP's LGBT research and communication project in an interview with Reuters. "In order to remedy the current reality of widespread legal discrimination against LGBT Americans, we will need millennials' leadership and passion to push Congress to enact comprehensive non-discrimination protections."
In character, sort of. Photo: Steve Granitz/Getty Images
From playing a ghastly burn victim to a mute butler with a penchant for dolls to an enormous — cough — con artist, Denis O'Hare has appeared in a number of guises since the first season of American Horror Story. For the upcoming fifth season, O'Hare returns as a cross-dressing employee at the Hotel Cortez's bar named Liz Taylor. “I have an amazing costumer, Lou Eyrich, and they put me in amazing clothes,” O'Hare told Vulture at Saturday's American Horror Story: Hotel red-carpet premiere. “We are honoring Liz Taylor so I'm wearing some stuff from Butterfield 8. I'm wearing some Cleopatra stuff. I'm wearing some stuff from the ‘70s and the ‘80s. I wear turbans. I don't think I'm a convincing, woman but I'm a convincing character. Who I am is of a piece.”
Aside from a fabulous costume designer, O'Hare also took some cues from another fellow cross-dresser while preparing for the role — and it wasn't Lady Gaga. (Who could forget Jo Calderone?) “I met with Alaska (Thunderfuck) from RuPaul's Drag Race, who I love, and they were fantastic,” O'Hare said. “He sat down with me and sort of just talked me through some stuff and it was really, really, really helpful.  They are a great guy and they are an amazing performer.”
A first look at Denis O'Hare's character Liz Taylor in American Horror Story: Hotel. Photo: FX
And while fans may expect O'Hare's character to join in on the hotel's bloody kinkfest that goes on behind closed doors, Liz keeps it classy in their room. “Oddly enough I have a very romantic love scene in the middle of the season,” O'Hare laughed. “And it's a beautiful love scene. Not at all kinky. And it's a sexy bed. It's a really beautiful scene so I'm, of all people, not in that projector.” Denis O'Hare, serving Liz Taylor realness.
Whose fault is it? That is the question you may be wanting to discuss from your deckchair this summer. Populism, intergenerational warfare, wealth inequality, huge public debt, stagnant real wages. Someone has to be responsible. Who is it?
My summer reading list this year is an attempt to answer that question. The first answer comes from Washington Post correspondent TR Reid, author of A Fine Mess: A Global Quest for a Simpler, Fairer and More Efficient Tax System. They reckon it is the thousands who have contributed to the creation of the US tax system. It is riddled with exemption and exclusions (making collecting taxes like “scooping water with a sieve”); it defies the principle that everyone agrees makes a good tax system (BBLR — broad base; low rates) and it wastes everyone's time with unproductive form filling.
The average US household spends 30 hours filling in their tax return and there are so many different tax breaks that a billion-dollar industry exists “just to help Americans figure out how to put money in a savings account”. But worst of all, it exacerbates what President Obama called the “defining challenge of our time”, namely wealth and income inequality.
Multi millionaires pay lower overall tax rates than the merely well off and companies use no end of “convoluted and pernicious strategies” to avoid paying anything near their fair share (Caterpillar, Google and Apple come out of the chapter on this particularly badly).
Reid is having a go at the US in their book, but I have long argued that the UK has too many exemptions (charitable giving being an obvious one) and an irritating tendency to tax earned income more than unearned income – both things that drive wealth inequality. So there you have it. Inequality and the populism it partially drives? Blame the insane complexities of the tax code and the lobbyists responsible for refining and exploiting it.
But just who are these lobbyists? I think we can safely bet that some of them are among the 76,000 or so living graduates of Harvard Business School (HBS), in which case, says Duff McDonald, in their book, The Golden Passport: Harvard Business School, the Limits of Capitalism, and the Moral Failure of the MBA Elite, everything is actually their fault.
The HBS graduates sitting at the top of most of the world's biggest firms have strayed far from the goal its founders set, namely “the multiplication of men who will handle their current business problems in socially constructive ways”. Their professors have taught them to champion financial engineering, constant M&A and equity incentive deals for executives with no regard for the consequences. They care for short-term shareholders; they care nothing for stakeholders.
It isn't pretty – and you can make, as McDonald does, a good argument that an awful lot of the problems of the West would not exist if the current ethos of HBS hadn't existed first. Still, it seems a bit much to pin everything on 76,000 overly entitled graduates, so I turn next to A Generation of Sociopaths, by Bruce Cannon Gibney.
As far as they are concerned, the problem is actually the “most powerful generation in American history”, the Baby Boomers — those born between 1940 and 1964. The Boomers, says Cannon Gibney, are a uniquely “short-sighted and self-interested” group, a “plague of generational locusts” who, ruined by overly permissive parenting (stand up Dr Spock), have stifled the US economy, driven climate change and completely “screwed” future generations along the way. Ouch!
Their elders left them the equivalent of a “productive family farm with a modest mortgage”. They have squandered the lot on politically untouchable entitlement payments, tax breaks (Cannon Gibney and Reid have common ground here) and imprisoning people — about seven million Americans are under some kind of “correctional supervision”. In 20 years, their children will inherit a “crumbling estate mortgaged to the hilt”.
It is convincing stuff. Look around you in the UK and you will see hints of the same thing: our own boomers aren't rushing to give up any of their goodies for the young. Anyone in any doubt need only ask a dinner party of them how they feel about capital gains tax on primary residences or worse, asking pensioners to help finance their own medical care by paying National Insurance.
Tax lawyers, HBS grads, the over-55s: the list of who to blame is lengthening. Anyone else? Economist Tyler Cowen thinks so. In their latest book, The Complacent Class: The Self Defeating Quest for the American Dream, they explain just how the US has lost its mojo. It has slowed down, dug in socially, economically and geographically and, in an attempt to reject all forms of chaos, entered an odd period of stasis.
People don't drive as much as they used to; they don't move out of their hometowns as often as they did; they medicate the unruly (some stats suggest that 10% of American teenagers are taking pills to control ADHD). They don't marry, play or work outside their comfort zone and they avoid risk wherever possible (the share of Americans under 30 who own a business has fallen by 65% since 1980).
So what is going on here? Part of this is about the Boomers moat-building around their comfortable lives and entitlements (Cowen and Cannon Gibney have common ground too). Part of it might also be about the way technology allows us to easily “match” ourselves with those similar to us – something that naturally reduces dynamism and mobility in the economy (less experimentation). And part of it is about the way the government is paralysed: the majority of state spending is the result of the commitments made by previous generations of legislators rather than contemporary decisions.
All of this makes change tough – particularly when the electorate has made it clear is isn't that into change (he argues that President Trump represents a “recipe for de facto stasis”). And no change means no renewal.
This is all miserable stuff for deckchair reading. But there is good news – all the authors end with hope. Cowen reckons there will be a great reset. McDonald thinks the tide has turned against the old HBS ethos. Cannon Gibney thinks the next generation can turn America around (assuming, I suppose, that Cowen is right on the reset bit) and Reid sees a full revamp of the tax system coming.
However, to make sure that none of you end up feeling remotely complacent on the beach this year, there is one book I insist that you read — one that suggests the media is as much to blame as everyone else. It is Ryan Holiday's Trust Me I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator. Holiday was once the very successful marketing director for American Apparel (I dare you to search online for “Ten most shocking American Apparel ads” but be warned, it is NSFW – not safe for work). Their book (published in 2012, but still very valid) tells us how they did it – and along the way shows us how PRs are in cahoots with the blogosphere to create a constant flow of fake news.
It is, for those who want to use it as such, a playbook for how to manipulate the media. But it shouldn't just be read by marketers and writers. The fund manager at Marathon Asset Management who pushed it into my hands this year reckons all investors should read it too. After all, if you want to be able to ignore the fake news – the noise – you have to know how to identify it.
• This article was first published in the Financial Times
Film puts lively spin on album cover art Music Record collector scours their vinyl for stories behind images
Eric Christensen of Mill Valley tells the story behind the cover of the Doors' "Morrison Hotel" album in their documentary. Eric Christensen of Mill Valley tells the story behind the cover of the Doors' "Morrison Hotel" album in their documentary. Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Film puts lively spin on album cover art 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
When the Beatles released "Yesterday and Today" in 1966, with its cover of the boys holding mutilated baby dolls, San Francisco teenager Eric Christensen grabbed a poster of it before the album art could be pulled from the shelves.
Forty-five years later, Christensen was a documentary filmmaker in need of a project. So they went downstairs to the vinyl room of their Mill Valley home and looked at that famous "butcher" poster, framed in the center of the wall. Then they looked at the rows and rows of records on either side of it - 10,000 of them, alphabetized by artist. Then their next project was obvious: "The Cover Story: Album Art," which receives its world premiere Saturday.
It was all on the wall in front of them so they started at letter A, and didn't need to go past B before they found the dramatic device that would carry the picture. Just past the Beatles they saw another scandalous cover, the topless preteen holding a model airplane on the cover of the original Blind Faith record, released in 1969.
"Who is this girl?" says Christensen, who is 64 but still boyish when it comes to their records. "I knew if I could find them and get them to talk about posing for the cover, I would have a centerpiece for a documentary about album cover art."
The spoiler alert is that Christensen, without even a name to go on, sleuthed out the girl and a tale of intrigue that involves a wrecked Rolls-Royce, a horse, the London subway and an international reunion of sisters at a Big Sur retreat. That episode is worthy of its own short film, but instead it gives the mystery to a long one.
"The Cover Story" debuts at Sweetwater Music Hall, which is the right place to give the film a push. Opened a year ago by Bob Weir and friends, the made-over Masonic Hall, off the Mill Valley town square, is a safe place for hippies. Hang around the bar, and you will find people still listening to LPs and studying the art in the gatefold, probably for several hours that same day.
Access to musicians
There are Sweetwater regulars in front of the camera and behind it. These include Christensen, who has been in the scene since they were at Lowell High School, with an after-school job mailing out records for "Big Daddy" Tom Donahue, the godfather of FM underground. Now a retired KGO TV producer who also made films for Bill Graham, Christensen had no trouble getting access to performers.
"A lot of musicians are tired of getting the same old rock 'n' roll questions," they say, "but very seldom are they asked about their album covers."
The DVD ($25 at used record stores) runs almost two hours, mainly because Christensen felt they had to get in everybody who gave them their time. Elvis Costello, Nick Lowe, Bob Weir, Steve Earle, John Mellencamp, Sammy Hagar, Huey Lewis, Ray Manzarek of the Doors, Mark Volman of the Turtles, Chris Robinson of the Black Crowes, Jerry Harrison of Talking Heads, Rick Nielsen of Cheap Trick. Those are just the people who appear in the first five minutes.
Joni Mitchell turned them down, but Yoko Ono did not. To hear them describe what compelled Ono and John Lennon to pose naked, front and back, for the cover of "Two Virgins," they were willing to fly to New York, even after he'd had to eat the ticket when they canceled their first meeting.
Ono made up for it by volunteering to discuss their album cover for "Season of Glass," which displayed the bloody lenses removed from Lennon's face the night they were shot to death.
"She was the most expensive part of the film," Christensen says, "but that story made the hairs stand up on the back of my neck."
They had to book a studio for that interview, but other great visual artists were at Christensen's disposal. They all have time.
Doors, Nirvana covers
In the film, photographer Henry Diltz describes how the Doors couldn't get in the door of the Morrison Hotel, on Los Angeles' Skid Row. So they waited outside in the smog until the desk clerk, who had refused them, went up in the elevator. They had the cover shot and were gone before the elevator came back down. In celebration, they hit the first bar they saw, which happened be called the Hard Rock Cafe. On impulse, Diltz shot the name painted on glass for the back cover.
"Jim wanting a drink starts the whole Hard Rock Cafe empire," they say of Doors singer Jim Morrison.
Spencer Elden, who was the naked baby reaching for the dollar bill in the swimming pool, on the cover of the Nirvana album "Nevermind," has talked before. Now 22, Elden wants to be paid for it, but Christensen got around that by agreeing to buy some of their paintings.
To finance that purchase and the film in general, Christensen had to sell some of their vintage posters from the Fillmore and Avalon era. That diminished their poster supply to just under 1,000. He's been around since before the Summer of Love, picking up home movies and concert footage, which they store in their basement, near the posters. Some of their tape made it into their previous documentary, "The Trips Festival Movie," which came out five years ago.
"I call myself an accumulator rather than a collector," they say. "I just get things that come my way."
They have sealed copies of records he's bought for the cover and never played. One is "He's Able" by the People's Temple Choir, photographed at Portals of the Past in Golden Gate Park. "Our inspiration," reads the back cover, "is a lifestyle demonstrated by our pastor James W. Jones."
Reduction of artwork
You won't find that on CD, a format that the illustrators who appear in the film - Stanley Mouse, Victor Moscoso, R. Crumb - wish had never been invented.
"Calling it a jewel box is rubbish," says Roger Dean, who designed the otherworldly covers for Yes. "It's a tack(y) box."
Victor Kahn, who designed covers for the Rolling Stones and Jimi Hendrix, has to stop and compose themselves before they will even address the concept. "Oh, my God. Excuse me. I hate CDs," they say. The illustrators can't find words to describe the further reduction of their artwork onto a tablet or a phone. So Huey Lewis does it for them.
"All of this is precluded by iTunes," they say. "Forget the album art. They don't even listen to the album."
Signals in the brain can hint at whether a person undergoing anesthesia will slip under easily or fight the drug, a new study suggests. The results, published January 14 in PLOS Computational Biology, bring scientists closer to being able to tailor doses of the powerful drugs for specific patients.
Drug doses are often given with a one-size-fits-all attitude, says bioengineer and neuroscientist Patrick Purdon of Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School. But the new study finds clear differences in people's brain responses to similar doses of an anesthetic drug, Purdon says. “To me, that's the key and interesting point.”
Cognitive neuroscientist Tristan Bekinschtein of the University of Cambridge and colleagues recruited 20 people to receive low doses of the general anesthetic propofol. The low dose wasn't designed to knock people out,
An engraving of what a naumachia might have looked like, published by Johann Georg Heck, 1844. Edward Brooke-Hitching
Excerpted from Fox Tossing: And Other Forgotten and Dangerous Sports, Pastimes, and Games by Edward Brooke-Hitching. Out now from Touchstone.
In 46 B.C., on the orders of Julius Caesar, an enormous basin was dug in the Campus Martius (Field of Mars) outside the walls of Rome and filled with water. For this event (to celebrate the emperor's recent Gallic, Alexandrian, Pontic, and African triumphs), two fleets of biremes, triremes, and quadremes, representing Tyre and Egypt, clashed in a battle of epic scale involving more than 6,000 prisoners who played the parts of soldiers and rowers. Also on record is the staged aquatic battle organized in 40 B.C. by Sextus Pompey for the entertainment of their troops that featured prisoners of war fighting to the death to celebrate their victory over Salvidienus Rufus and the occupation of Sicily.
These naumachiae were giant sea battles re-enacted in flooded Roman arenas. Condemned criminals and captured prisoners of war fought to the death as they played out famous naval campaigns for the entertainment of a crowd. The events required sophisticated planning and execution, and as such were only performed with the approval of the emperor to mark special occasions.
Naumachiae are thought to date back to the third century B.C., when the Roman Gen. Scipio Africanus staged the re-enactments using their own troops, as mentioned by Suetonius in their Lives of the Twelve Caesars, and by Cassius Dio in their Roman History. Together with their favored general, Marcus Agrippa, Emperor Augustus developed large areas of the Campus Martius for the sport, which included the Baths of Agrippa and also the Stagnum Agrippae (Lake of Agrippa), an ornamental body of water considerably larger than that dug by Julius Caesar, possessing dimensions of 1,800 by 1,200 (Roman) feet and located beside the River Tiber, with water piped in via a newly completed aqueduct. One of the grandest naumachiae ever mounted, though, was that of Claudius in A.D. 52. To mark the opening of a canal that was to later dry the Fucine Lake, a naval battle between Rhodes and Sicily was staged, consisting of 19,000 soldiers manning 100 ships.
Little is known about the specifics of how the sea battles were conducted. Aquatic displays as a whole were popular at the time and included exhibitions of captured marine curiosities, water ballets, and pantomimes, so it is possible that the events were entirely theatrical. It is thought that two opposing fleets would face off, but as it is unclear how much of the action was pre-orchestrated, the events are categorized somewhere between sport and theatrical recreation. How fierce the battles were is also a mystery, although the fact that participants were usually facing imminent execution either way must have meant there was little motivation to participate enthusiastically. Indeed, Tacitus writes about Claudius being forced to dispatch the imperial guard on rafts during a naumachia in A.D. 52 to impel the two sides into fighting.
In terms of venue, as well as the asupervisorstioned basins, natural settings such as lakes and the Rhegium coast were used, but there is also evidence to suggest that the battles were hosted in amphitheaters. For years archaeologists have debated whether the dual-level labyrinth of chambers beneath the Colosseum arena known as the hypogea support or disprove the notion that aquatic displays were staged in the arena. The existing walls of the hypogea were first thought to disprove the idea, as they would obstruct such a thing from happening, but it has since been shown that the walls were added much later, possibly as late as the Middle Ages, and therefore the early form of the amphitheater would have been capable of holding the events. This is further supported by the discovery that the drains were built as part of the original foundation.
While excavations have still failed to turn up specific evidence of the naumachiae being staged in the Colosseum, such as remnants of ships or weapons used, ancient sources indicate that naumachiae did indeed take place. It is thought that for this to have been successful the ships involved must have been smaller in scale. The Colosseum is thought to have housed these spectacles on its launch. The construction was initiated by Vespasian around A.D. 73 on the site of an artificial lake built by Nero, and, for its two inauguration ceremonies, aquatic displays were performed each time, according to Martial, who writes in their Liber Spectaculorum about witnessing fleets, land animals in a naval environment, and carts running upon the water. Despite living much later than the events they describe, and therefore being a slightly less reliable source, Cassius Dio (ca. 164–235) wrote about the inauguration of Titus and describes a naumachia in the amphitheater:
For [Titus] suddenly filled this same theater with water and brought in horses and bulls and some other domesticated animals that have been taught to behave in the liquid element just as on land. They also brought in people on ships, who engaged in a sea-fight there, impersonating the Corcyreans and Corinthians; and others gave a similar exhibition outside the city in the grove of Gaius and Lucius, a place Augustus had once excavated for this very purpose.
The naumachiae were clearly used more than demonstrations of imperial might than anything else, designed to inspire awe with the sheer scale of the spectacle. Literary evidence suggests that naumachiae only took place in Rome and declined in popularity after the first century, the last one being recorded in 89.
Excerpted from Fox Tossing: And Other Forgotten and Dangerous Sports, Pastimes, and Games by Edward Brooke-Hitching. Copyright © 2015 by Edward Brooke-Hitching. Reprinted with permission from Touchstone, a Division of Simon & Schuster, Inc.
Markets have been under pricing the political risk posed by the Italian elections to the Eurozone's financial stability, particularly as former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's center-right party gains votes on siren calls of tax and spending cuts that will jump-start growth. While an alliance between leftist front runner Pier Luigi Bersani and the right-leaning Mario Monti is expected to take the cake, the high share of undecided voters and the recent Monte dei Paschi banking scandal have raised the political stakes as Italy may become ungovernable, which could wreak havoc in peripheral bond markets and precipitate the next leg of Europe's never-ending sovereign debt crisis.
Complacency has been broken in European markets over the past few days, as yields on benchmark 10-year bonds in Spain and Italy shot up, with the former currently standing above the psychologically important 5% mark, and the latter closing in. Months after ECB president Mario Draghi reassured everyone they would defend the euro tooth and nail, peripheral bond yields are on the rise as politics takes over.
After what appears to have been the successful administration of technocrat Mario Monti, Italy faces political tension once again as national elections, scheduled for February 24 and 25, approach. The problem for markets, as has been the case for a while in Italy, is billionaire Silvio Berlusconi. The media mogul and soccer club owner has helped their center-right People of Freedom party (Il Popolo della Liberta) rise in the polls, currently with about 28% to 32% of the vote, establishing itself as the second political force.
Berlusconi still trails Bersani, who has between 34% and 37% of the vote, according to Nomura, and who is expected to team up with PM Monti's party, With Monti for Italy (Con Monti per L'Italia), which counts with 13% to 14%. Nomura's analysts expect Bersani to lead a coalition government with a center-left majority in both houses of Parliament, but Berlusconi's recent strength has given them reasons to doubt their forecast.
Il Cavaliere has used their charm, and the power of their media companies, to lash out at Bersani and Monti, who they say are puppets pushing forth with German-imposed austerity, which in turn is choking the economy. Berlusconi, who said they won't seek the executive position but rather prefers to become Finance Minister, has seduced the masses saying they will repeal a property tax imposed by Monti, returning about €4 billion ($5.4 billion) to the people by refunding taxpayers' 2012 payments; this has won their party about 1 percentage point in the polls, Nomura's team suggests.
Recently accused of using their ownership of A.C. Milan, one of Italy's most popular soccer teams, in their political favor, Berlusconi and the right have also benefited from the Monte dei Paschi banking scandal. In January, the Bank of Italy was forced to bail out the nation's third-largest bank with €3.9 billion ($5.3 billion) after soured derivative trades brought Monte dei Paschi to the brink of bankruptcy. The bank has been closely associated with leftist party, and several opponents have accused Monti of using the unpopular property tax to bail out the bank. Whatever the merits of these accusations, Nomura says, they have hit both Monti and the left.
Within a highly fragmented political landscape approximately 35% of the electorate remains undecided, recent polls indicate. These votes will be spread across a number of parties, particularly newer political units; this will harm Bersani and the left. On the one hand, teaming up with Monti and supporting austerity will erode their support-base on the left, while Berlusconi will pick up those unhappy with Monti's administration, along with those in support of lower taxes.
Markets have taken notice of what's going on. As mentioned above, yields on Italian and Spanish debt have shot up in recent days. The iShares Italy ETF has been more resilient, remaining relatively flat in 2013, but falling hard over the past few days. Major European financials like Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank have also performed well, while Spain's Banco Santander is taking a hit. In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase, Citi, and Goldman Sachs have all retained their gains after a solid January for stocks.
Yet the shoe may be about to drop. While the European sovereign debt crisis has flown below the radar, the Eurozone continues to contract and, despite improvements, Italy and Spain are still stuck with stagnating economies. The return of political uncertainty is sure to unsettle markets, and there's one man that knows how to do that better than anyone: their name is Silvio.
Muay Thai Gloves Vs. Boxing Gloves
With the rise of Muay Thai as a striking discipline in MMA, it's not a surprise that Muay Thai boxing gloves are also hitting the market in bigger numbers; however, most people would have a hard time telling them apart.
Fortunately, a little bit of a look at the sports themselves should give you the answer.
Boxing gloves
With western boxing, you've got an entirely punch-based competition; such boxing gloves are going to have a lot of thick padding on the knuckles, a grip bar to help steady a punch, and a stiffer overall design to support the wrist for, you guessed it, a more powerful punch. They don't flex very much because, in boxing, they really don't need to.
Muay Thai Gloves
Muay Thai, however, takes a more overall approach. Because you can kick, elbow, knee, and effectively attack from the clinch, Muay Thai boxers don't have to rely entirely on their knuckles. As such, the padding on a Muay Thai glove is going to be less on the knuckles of the glove and more on the back of the hand as a blocking tool. Because throwing knees from a clinch is a viable strategy in Muay Thai, the glove also flexes a bit more than its western counterpart and emphasizes a grip bar much less, trading out a rigid wrist for some flexibility in grappling.
Which of the two you should use, however, depends on your style and your training. Take a look at the styles used at your gym, assess your training goals, and discuss them with your trainer to figure out which style would work best for you.
back to menu ↑
Types of Boxing Gloves
Training Gloves
When you're starting out, you don't need to specialize too much; all you really need is a good multi-purpose set of gloves. This is the niche that training gloves fill, combining a medium density foam with a sturdy outer shell. You can use a good pair of training gloves for everything in the gym, from sparring to bag training and everything in between.
Of course, they're definitely Jack-of-all-trades pieces. They do everything well, but they don't really do anything great. Still, if you're on a budget, or you're still too green to really appreciate too much of a difference, a good set of training gloves will do everything you want.
Sparring Gloves
Martial Arts legend Bruce Lee said it best in Enter the Dragon: Boards don't hit back. Naturally, a big part of your training should consist of actual sparring, and sparring gloves help you get the most of it. Unlike your general purpose gloves, sparring gloves have a softer foam padding so when you land a good strike (hopefully more than one), your partner isn't either badly injured to keep up the fight.
These are strictly one-purpose pieces though. Using sparring gloves on the heavy bag or too often with mitts and pads can break down the glove's foam padding, leading to essentially hitting your sparring partner with bare knuckles. Some of your higher end gloves from good companies, like Winning or Cleto Reyes, don't have this problem, but they're the exception; the rule is that soft-foam sparring gloves are strictly for sparring.
Heavy Bag Gloves
Going back to Enter the Dragon (and incurring the wrath of Bruce Lee for contradicting him), there really is a need for some board-punching, or in this case, heavy bag punching, to isolate and build strength and technique. The absolute opposite end of the padding spectrum from your sparring gloves, punching bag gloves are the most padded gloves in your arsenal, usually lined with denser foam to support a lot of repeated strikes.
However, much like the sparring gloves, you want to use these for their intended purpose. While you won't break your gloves using them in a sparring match, the denser, heavier padding will do a lot more damage to your sparring partner. Like your equipment, you should use your sparring partner the right way (IE, not knocking them out five times a day) to get the most benefits and, as such, use a glove that isn't designed to do unnecessary damage.
Heavy bag gloves should be one of your first purchases, allowing you to start building good form on a stationary target. Fortunately, they're fairly affordable, so even if you're on the fence about MMA, it's not a huge loss if you find out it's not for you.
back to menu ↑
Weights and Sizes
While you've got a lot of variation in gloves, the most obvious details to notice are size and weight. Boxing gloves can weigh anywhere from 8 ounces (for professional gloves) to 34 ounces (for heavily weighted gloves), and in most cases, what you use depends entirely on your body type and the type of training you're doing. Naturally, smaller people would want to use lighter gloves and larger people would want larger gloves; however, you should take a good look at your body type as well. If you've got a lot of muscle in your arms, you might be able to go heavier than others in your weight class, while someone with a lot of leg muscle might want to shift down.
For bag work, having heavier gloves is a good bet. Not only is it better protection for your knuckles, but working with heavier gloves in training makes you much faster in sparring; if you're used to punching with 18 oz gloves in practice, sparring with 16 oz gloves feels much easier, and fighting with 10 oz gloves easier still. For sparring, however, you have to take your partner into consideration. Most gyms are going to insist upon 16 oz gloves for sparring, just for the sake of not decking your partner five times a night. As for size, boxing gloves, like clothes, can't seem to agree on the same definition and dimensions for a “medium” glove. Not only are the dimensions fairly uneven, but the proportions are difficult as well; a good option would be to just try on a pair from the brand you're going to buy. Even if you don't like the model of glove, you at least know whether the model you're buying is going to fit.
back to menu ↑
Lace-up or Velcro?
Lace up
Lace-up gloves are the older style of boxing glove, designed to tighten around your whole hand and give you a nice snug fit. The pros are pretty obvious there; a tight fit keeps your gloves from sliding around in the middle of bouts. However, putting these on and taking them off are strictly two-man jobs. If you know for a fact you're always going to have someone around to lace up your gloves, then these are definitely the way to go.
Velcro
Also called “hook and loop” gloves, Velcro, on the other hand, is all about convenience. You can slide them on yourself, tighten them up yourself, and slide them off yourself without much hassle. Of course, you do get a slightly less snug fit, so a badly-sized glove is a much bigger problem for velcro gloves than lace-ups. If you plan to do a lot of solo training, you'll find that the convenience of Velcro gloves far outweighs any negatives.
back to menu ↑
Vinyl Or Leather?
When choosing what material your gloves are made from, your two major choices are going to be either leather or vinyl (synthetic leather). Vinyl is usually going to be much more affordable but less durable; as such, a set of vinyl gloves would be good for beginners or non-bag workouts, like shadow boxing, mitt punching, or basic technique training. But even then I would avoid cheap products such as Everlast Pro Style boxing gloves, even though they are the best sellers on Amazon, it's also one of the poorest quality gloves I have ever tried.
Once you start getting into bag workout, you're going to want to move on to leather gloves. While they cost more, it's all for a reason; leather gloves are made to take as many punches as you can throw, and, if you get a really good pair, a few more above that.
back to menu ↑
Ask Around
Your gym, if it's a reputable one, is a wealth of information about the right kinds of gloves for you to use. Don't be afraid to ask around in your class about who is using what and why. Your instructor can usually point you in the right direction as well; after all, if he's setting the workouts, they know what will work best for them.
If you're new to a brand of fight gear, your best bet would be to ask a friend who owns a set to try them on, or just to visit a brick-and-mortar store and try on a pair. Even if it's not the model you want, trying on what a brand's definition of a “medium” glove is can give you a good idea of what to expect from the rest of their line.
Lastly, don't be afraid to be honest with yourself. It's okay to admit that, even though a brand is top-notch, it just doesn't work well for you. It's not worth messing up your technique or your hands just for the sake of having a “cool” brand. Everyone's hands are built differently; at the end of the day, you're going to have to pick a glove that works best for you.
Happy Birthday Monkey Island
I guess Monkey Island turns 25 this month. It's hard to tell.
Unlike today, you didn't push a button and unleash your game to billions of people. It was a slow process of sending "gold master" floppies off to manufacturing, which was often overseas, then waiting for them to be shipped to stores and the first of the teaming masses to buy the game.
Of course, when that happened, you rarely heard about it. There was no Internet for players to jump onto and talk about the game.
There was CompuServe and Prodigy, but those catered to a very small group of very highly technical people.
Lucasfilm's process for finalizing and shipping a game consisted of madly testing for several months while we fixed bugs, then 2 weeks before we were to send off the gold masters, the game would go into "lockdown testing". If any bug was found, there was a discussion with the team and management about if it was worth fixing. "Worth Fixing" consisted of a lot of factors, including how difficult it was to fix and if the fix would likely introduce more bugs.
Also keep in mind that when I made a new build, I didn't just copy it to the network and let the testers at it, it had to be copied to four or five sets of floppy disk so it could be installed on each tester's machine. It was a time consuming and dangerous process. It was not uncommon for problems to creep up when I made the masters and have to start the whole process again. It could take several hours to make a new set of five testing disks.
It's why we didn't take getting bumped from test lightly.
During the 2nd week of "lockdown testing", if a bug was found we had to bump the release date. We required that each game had one full week of testing on the build that was going to be released. Bugs found during this last week had to be crazy bad to fix.
When the release candidate passed testing, it would be sent off to manufacturing. Sometimes this was a crazy process. The builds destined for Europe were going to be duplicated in Europe and we needed to get the gold master over there, and if anything slipped there wasn't enough time to mail them. So, we'd drive down to the airport and find a flight headed to London, go to the gate and ask a passenger if they would mind carry the floppy disks for us and someone would meet them at the gate.
Can you imagine doing that these days? You can't even get to the gate, let alone find a person that would take a strange package on a flight for you. Different world.
After the gold masters were made, I'd archive all the source code. There was no version control back then, or even network storage, so archiving the source meant copying it to a set of floppy disks.
I made this disk on Sept 2nd, 1990 so the gold masters were sent off within a few days of that. They have a 1.1 version due to Monkey Island being bumped from testing. I don't remember if it was in the 1st or 2nd week of "lockdown".
It is hard to know when it first appeared in stores. It could have been late September or even October and happened without fanfare. The gold masters were made on the 2nd, so that what I'm calling The Secret of Monkey Island's birthday.
Twenty Five years. That's a long time.
It amazes me that people still play and love Monkey Island. I never would have believed it back then.
It's hard for me to understand what Monkey Island means to people. I am always asked why I think it's been such an enduring and important game. My answer is always "I have no idea."
I really don't.
I was very fortunate to have an incredible team. From Dave and Tim to Steve Purcell, Mark Ferrari, an amazing testing department and everyone else who touched the game's creation. And also a company management structure that knew to leave creative people alone and let them build great things.
Monkey Island was never a big hit. It sold well, but not nearly as well and anything Sierra released. I started working on Monkey Island II about a month after Monkey Island I went to manufacturing with no idea if the first game was going to do well or completely bomb. I think that was part of my strategy: start working on it before anyone could say "it's not worth it, let's go make Star Wars games".
There are two things in my career that I'm most proud of. Monkey Island is one of them and Humongous Entertainment is the other. They have both touched and influenced a lot of people. People will tell me that they learned english or how to read from playing Monkey Island. People have had Monkey Island weddings. Two people have asked me if it was OK to name their new child Guybrush. One person told me that they and their father fought and never got along, except for when they played Monkey Island together.
It makes me extremely proud and is very humbling.
I don't know if I will ever get to make another Monkey Island. I always envisioned the game as a trilogy and I really hope I do, but I don't know if it will ever happen. Monkey Island is now owned by Disney and they haven't shown any desire to sell me the IP. I don't know if I could make Monkey Island 3a without complete control over what I was making and the only way to do that is to own it. Disney: Call me.
Maybe someday. Please don't suggest I do a Kickstarter to get the money, that's not possible without Disney first agreeing to sell it and they haven't done that.
Anyway...
Happy Birthday to Monkey Island and a huge thanks to everyone who helped make it great and to everyone who kept it alive for Twenty Five years.
I thought I'd celebrate the occasion by making another point & click adventure, with verbs.
Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY) on Saturday offered to hold town halls and explain the Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare to the constituents of GOP lawmakers who are avoiding public events during the House recess.
“I think every Republican who voted for this thing ought to have to stand in front of their voters and explain it,” Maloney told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow. “And if it takes a Democrat to go in and do it for them for a while, I'll explain what's in this bill.”
Maloney on Thursday asked Rep. John Faso (R-NY) to pick up the phone and address comments from their constituents about the repeal bill.
Hey @RepJohnFaso could you turn your phones on? Your #NY19 constituents are calling my office. #Trumpcare — Sean Patrick Maloney (@RepSeanMaloney) May 4, 2017
“And if they don't like it, they should stand up and explain it himself,” Maloney said on Saturday.
They said Democrats should “get on offense.”
“Maybe a Democrat ought to go into every district where a Republican who supported Trumpcare won't hold a town hall meeting and do it for them,” they said. “Sit in that chair and say I'll stand here and answer your questions until your own member of congress starts doing their job.”
“Did their constituents really start calling your office trying to reach him?” Maddow asked.
“Yes, yes,” Maloney said. “And after a few dozen phone calls, we started to wonder what was up.”
The "Shroud of Scientology" exists "as a document of Tom Cruise's faith in Scientology — a photo negative of the radiance of their soul," said the artist.
The Church of Scientology is distancing itself from an art exhibit purporting to be Scientology-related that features an image of a nude, well-endowed Tom Cruise.
"The Church has nothing to do with this publicity stunt, and any claim to the contrary is false," church spokesperson Karin Pouw tells The Hollywood Reporter.
The exhibit, scheduled to open on Aug. 8th at the Corey Allen Contemporary Art gallery in St. Petersburg, FL, was announced Wednesday via press release.
In celebration of Tom Cruise's 25th anniversary as a Scientologist, the release says, a "nude shroud of the actor" will be unveiled in a "Pop-Up Church of Scientology" at the gallery, which is located near the church's headquarters in Clearwater Florida. The image was created by artist Daniel Edwards.
Neither Corey Allen, founder of the gallery, nor Edwards is a Scientologist. Allen tells THR that they had "sought sanction for the exhibit from the church but had not received a response."
Modeled on the Shroud of Turin, believed by many to be the burial shroud of Jesus Christ, the "Shroud of Scientology" measures 14 feet long and 3 feet wide and depicts a silver image of a naked Cruise, with front and back views.
Cruise's hands lay folded over the Scientology cross resting on their chest. Cruise's elaborately groomed (and sizeable) genitals are also on display. The image is printed on poplin, a fabric used for religious shrouds since the 15th century.
Allen says the intention is for the gallery to be transformed into a simple pilgrimage site where visitors can come to pay respects, much like the site of the Shroud of Turin, where "thousands stream through a holy space to visit the object." The exhibit will also feature other objects on display, such as a commemorative medal featuring Cruise's profile.
In the press release, Edwards commented that, "Radiocarbon dating will never rule out the Shroud of Scientology's authenticity. It exists as a document of Tom Cruise's faith in Scientology — a photo negative of the radiance of their soul. It gives evidence for future generations that Tom Cruise not only belonged to Scientology, but saved it from obscurity."
Gen Korabelnikov had led the Main Directorate of Intelligence since 1997 Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has dismissed the head of the country's powerful GRU military intelligence service, the Kremlin has said. Mr Medvedev signed a decree on Friday replacing Gen Valentin Korabelnikov with Gen Alexander Shlyakhturov. Officials gave no reason for the move. Gen Korabelnikov had led the Main Directorate of Intelligence since 1997. They reportedly tendered their resignation earlier this year over objections to proposed reforms of the agency. The Main Directorate of Intelligence (GRU) of the General Staff is Russia's largest intelligence agency. It is believed to have six times as many agents in foreign countries as the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR), one of the successors to the Soviet KGB. Protest In a statement on Friday, the Kremlin announced that President Medvedev had signed a decree that "released" Gen Korabelnikov from their post and from military service. The GRU is said to have a massive worldwide spy network The BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow says this is potentially one of the most significant decisions Mr Medvedev has taken since being sworn in almost a year ago. It reinforces statements they made last month that they intend pushing ahead with a major overhaul of the armed forces despite opposition from some senior officers, and that those who do stand in the way such as the military intelligence chief risk being swept aside, our correspondent says. Gen Korabelnikov had been the head of military intelligence for 12 years and was a four-star general. Analysts say the 63-year-old was one of the main opponents of the planned military reforms, which could see the Russian armed forces shrink from 1.3 million serving men and women to one million. The majority of those cuts would come from the officer corps, which could see the loss of around 200,000 posts, including many generals. Some of the proposed reforms were said to have included the disbanding of several GRU-controlled army special forces (Spetsnaz) brigades and the redistribution of the command of some GRU structures to the SVR. Gen Korabelnikov is reported to have submitted their resignation in protest last November. When rumours again circulated in March, defence officials announced that their term of service had been extended by two years. The Russian armed forces could see its manpower reduced by up to 300,000 Unnamed GRU sources told Russian media that one of the reasons why the general's resignation had not been accepted at the time was that many of their deputies had refused to assume their post. The Kremlin said the new GRU chief, Gen Shlyakhturov, had been one of Gen Korabelnikov's deputies.  They are reportedly seen by some in the military as a more compliant figure who may not challenge ministers. Although President Medvedev has insisted that the reforms of the military will go ahead, it is not clear when, our correspondent says. The country is in the grip of a severe economic crisis which has already seen millions of people thrown out of work, they add. In a separate development, three districts in Chechnya have been officially designated zones of counter-terrorist activity only a week after Russia said it had ended its decade-long military campaign against separatist rebels in the southern republic.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Elena Teslova, Emre Gurkan Abay and Yildiz Aktas
MOSCOW
Turkey and Russia are set to cooperate in the fight against terrorism, as the two countries are in the process of normalizing relations following months of strained ties, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said on Friday.
Lavrov said an anti-terrorism joint committee by Turkey and Russia would be reactivated at a meeting of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation's (BSEC) Council of Foreign Ministers in Sochi on Friday.
They said Turkey and Russia had no divergence on "who is [a] terrorist and who is not [a terrorist] in Syria," and that the cooperation between two countries would therefore "be fruitful".
Lavrov's comments came after Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan spoke on Wednesday via telephone and agreed to normalize relations.
Ties between the two nations had been strained in recent months after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet that violated its airspace in November.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday sanctions would be lifted in accordance with instructions by Putin and that restrictions would be “gradually” lifted in order to prevent harm to Russian producers.
Russia would also demand guarantees by the Turkish government to ensure the safety of Russian tourists, Medvedev said.
After Putin signed a decree Thursday afternoon, lifting the ban on charter flights to Turkey, some Russian tour operations, including Tez Tour and Pegas, resumed holiday package sales.
Turkish Airlines and Russian Aeroflot companies will provide flights for the holiday packages.
Meanwhile, Basaran Ulusoy, the president of TURSAB, the Association of Turkish Travel Agencies, told Anadolu Agency that it would "not be realistic to expect everything to normalize soon".
However, Ulusoy said the association plans to keep the tourism season for a longer period of time to host more Russian tourists.
*Anadolu Agency Correspondent Sibel Ugurlu contributed to this report from Ankara.
Two weeks ago, Michael Pachter, an analyst at Weedbush Morgan, laid out a case that would see Apple transforming its just-good-enough-to-stay-afloat Apple TV into a full-fledged gaming console. Building on the immense popularity of the iPhone as a handheld gaming device, Pachter predicts that it's only a matter of time before Apple makes a play for gaming in the living room.
I think Apple has a deliberate strategy. They want to see what they can do with the handhelds (iPod Touch and iPhone) first, then move into console games. Apple TV is the device that they can turn into a console, and they have essentially the same goals as Microsoft–to turn Apple TV into an entertainment and Internet hub. If they can get enough iPod users to download games, it's a natural that they can ultimately convince a large number of these users to buy a game-enabled Apple TV. I'd guess a 2012 or 2013 launch… I'm not sure how Apple would proceed initially. It's possible that they open the architecture and go for an Apple TV “App store” to allow anyone to develop games. We'd get cool stuff like World of Goo or Geometry Wars, but probably not super cool stuff like Gears of War until they bought a few developers… What Apple cares about is getting into the living room, and an Apple TV with games has a higher likelihood of succeeding than an Apple TV without.
Wow. That's certainly a lot to digest, and it seems that Pachter has taken a rather simplistic approach in addressing the complex and often times unpredictable world of gaming. Developing a successful gaming platform isn't nearly as straight forward or simple as Pachter makes it out to be, and while Apple may certainly try to leverage gaming as a means to make a push into the living room, there are a number of challenges and considerations it needs to be keenly aware of.
Why gaming is popular on the iPhone
All games and gaming platforms are not created equal, and it's astounding how frequently analysts tend to lump all gaming discussions under the same umbrella.
Games are undoubtedly the most popular app category on the iTunes App Store and this is in large part due to the fact that games on the iPhone and iPod Touch are more or less like the mini-games you would ordinarily waste a few minutes on while browsing around the web. The reason people enjoy gaming on the iPhone is because many of the games are simple and can often be played in quick spurts, as opposed to the more intensive and drawn out titles commonly found on the Sony PSP and Nintendo DS. There are, of course, a number of console style iPhone games, but by and large, the surprising success of gaming on the iPhone is the result of games like Flight Control and Flick Fishing, both of which are iTunes best sellers that require basically little or no instruction, and can be played for either 2 minutes or 2 hours.
The point is, people who play games on the iPhone aren't really “gamers” in the true sense of the word, and that's an important distinction people need to be acutely aware of when discussing any possible and potential future gaming initiatives from Apple.
The viability of gaming with an Apple TV
The success and popularity of gaming on the iPhone makes a similar app store for games on the Apple TV seem like an obvious idea. But living room console gaming is an entirely different monster, and Apple would have an incredibly tough time taking on Nintendo, Microsoft, and Sony all at the same time.
Unlike many of the other markets Apple competes in (the MP3 player market, the smartphone market), companies in the video game world actually innovate and churn out pretty solid products that customers are happy with. Apple's bread and butter, though, is entering a stagnant market and spicing it up a bit, but when it comes to video games, spice is already the name of the game.
To get a better idea of Apple's chance for success should it decide to turn the Apple TV into a gaming platform, it makes sense to explore the two different approaches to gaming Apple would have to choose from. Specifically, Apple could turn the Apple TV into a serious gaming platform, similar to the Xbox 360 and PS3, or it could angle it as a fun and laid back platform, much like the Nintendo Wii. Unfortunately for Apple, both choices pose a number of challenges.
1. Apple TV vs. the Xbox 360 and PS3
Competing against the Xbox 360 and PS3 seems like an idea doomed from the start. Both are mature platforms that offer a deep repository of games and features that the Apple TV would have a difficult, if not, impossible time keeping up with.
Take the Xbox for example. Microsoft may not know how to make an MP3 player, but it's Xbox division is pretty on the ball. What makes the Xbox so great is that the system is so much more than simply a gaming platform. In addition to playing games and DVD's, Microsoft's Xbox live service allows users to download game demos, while also giving them the ability to stream HD movies and purchase games online. One of the more appealing things about the Xbox live service is that it lets users play games either against or with other Xbox live users across the world. Xbox live has been around for almost 7 years, has a simple and easy to navigate user interface (though some might say it was copied from Nintendo), and should see a number of improvements by this fall, such as the ability to stream 1080p movies via Netflix.
How in the world can the Apple TV compete with that? Why would a serious gamer even consider an Apple TV gaming device when there's not really much Apple can do to differentiate it from the consoles that are already out there?
2. Apple vs. the Nintendo Wii
A more sane approach would have Apple position the Apple TV against a gaming platform like the Nintendo Wii. Much like gaming on the iPhone, gaming on the Wii is extremely popular precisely because it attracts a different breed of gamer. The Wii won't sell you on its graphics but rather the fun gameplay achieved through the use of its accelerometer enabled controller. While serious and in-depth video game titles are indeed available for the Wii, it's the “soft” titles like Wii Sports and Mario Kart that push systems out the door. As an example, Madden '09 on the Wii might not have killer graphics, but the joy derived from using the controller to mimic football movements more than makes up for that fact in the eyes of many Wii owners.
Given Apple's relative inexperience when it comes to gaming, positioning the Apple TV against the Wii would seem to make the most sense, at least on paper. But again, Apple would encounter a number of significant roadblocks. Nintendo is a video game juggernaut, and the success of the Wii has not only surprised analysts, but has put a significant dent into sales figures for both the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3. As far as we can tell, there's nothing that Apple can offer with an Apple TV app store that could rival what's already available for the Wii.
Conclusion
The battle for the living room has been going on for years now, and no company has quite figured out how to deal a fatal blow to everyone else in the marketplace. Sales of the Apple TV have been brisk, but ultimately disappointing relative to the other products Apple typically sells. It's no coincidence that Steve Jobs refers to the Apple TV merely as a hobby.
The Apple TV undoubtedly has a lot of potential, and it may very well become a standard device in living rooms across the country, but we sincerely doubt that turning it into a gaming console will have anything to do with it. When it comes to serious gaming, the Xbox and PS3 would destroy the Apple TV, and when it comes to more laid back iPhone style gaming, the Nintendo Wii is already out to a commanding and arguably insurmountable lead. Gaming on the go is completely different from gaming in the living room.
If Apple wants to control the living room, it makes a lot more sense for them to build an Apple branded HDTV, as has already been rumored.
And as a final point, Steve Jobs has even noted that the market for game consoles is relatively puny when measured against the market for other devices like smartphones and MP3 players, let alone HDTV's. Why would Apple go after a market that isn't that big to begin with? Why would it set its sights so low? That's simply not Apple's style. Apple doesn't try to just get on base, it trys to hit the ball out of the park every time it steps up to the plate. The Apple TV is currently a hobby, and transforming it into a gaming console would do nothing to change that fact.
On the flip side, an Apple branded HDTV with Apple TV functionality built right (and perhaps the ability to download basic mini-games) could potentially be a major move by Apple. And that's the only move that Apple really knows how to make. Why go for gaming in the living room when you can make a move for the entire living room?
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) has been privately saying that Republicans could lose both the House and Senate in the 2018 midterm elections, according to a Politico report.
Politico reported Thursday that McConnell has been sharing the concerns privately as GOP leaders worry about losing control of Congress in the midterms.
Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel also presented a report to White House chief of staff John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE showing how the GOP had lost favor with female voters, according to Politico.
ADVERTISEMENT
And Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) has also told donors that he's afraid that GOP lawmakers in swing districts could retire, opening up House seats to Democrats.
A string of Republican lawmakers have already announced their retirements, and the GOP will only hold a one-seat majority in the Senate once Sen.-elect Doug Jones (D-Ala.) is sworn in.
White House political director Bill Stepien told Politico that while a sitting president's party tends to lose congressional seats in an administration's first midterm election cycle, they and other GOP leaders hope strong economic numbers and the newly passed tax-reform legislation could help Republicans.
Trump also reportedly plans to aggressively campaign for Republicans across the country in 2018.
While there is still plenty of room for confusion involving a recent police-on-civilian incident in New Hampshire, one thing is clear: A woman tried to buy more iPhones than an Apple Store wanted to sell her, and they ended up on the ground outside getting tased by cops. A language barrier may have exacerbated the situation, as the woman is from China and says they didn't understand police orders.
Police in Nashua, N.H. say the woman from Newton, Mass. refused to leave an Apple Store and then resisted arrest, reports Boston.com. They were charged with criminal trespass and resisting arrest.
The woman told WMUR Channel 9 through their daughter that they don't speak English and didn't now what was going on. They say they just wanted to buy iPhones for their family last week, and when employees told them they couldn't buy more than two at a time, they filmed other customers who were buying multiple phones.
They were asked to leave the store, but returned on Tuesday. At that time, they kept asking “why?” said the police captain, and was told she'd have to leave or face charges for criminal trespassing. They asked “why” again and refused to leave, resisting an officer who tried to handcuff them
“One handcuff was on them and they wouldn't move their other arm to be handcuffed,” said the captain. The officer took them to the ground and called for assistance. After 10 to 15 minutes where the woman was lying on the ground in the mall outside the Apple Store, another cop arrived.
“They told them to put their hand behind them back, they refused to do so,” they said. “She was tased. After that, they put their hand behind them back.”
Police say a “dry force” taser was used on the woman, which has no probes and is less painful than other types of tasers. WMUR has a video of the incident in its news report, wherein the woman can be heard screaming as the taser is used.
The captain added that they had $16,000 in cash with them
The woman's family says this all happened because the woman doesn't speak English.
“My mom says they don't know why they called the police because they don't understand what they are talking about,” their daughter told WMUR, explaining that they didn't understand what was happening and watched the video of their arrest (captured by a bystander with a cell phone) later on their iPhone.
“My mom's just really upset because she's in a different country (and) nobody's helping them They don't understand any English.”
Despite that claim, cops say they knew what was happening.
“I would look at it this way,” said the police captain. “She was asked to leave the store before and they left. They were asked to leave Tuesday and they were asking why. We think they knew what was going on.”
UPDATE: Consumerist reader Charles wrote in to point out that Apple lifted the two phone per customer limit for the holidays, and as such, they tried going to Apple.coma and was able to order more than 10 phones. They called the Apple Store in the story above and asked if they could buy more than two phones, and says they were told they could.
So, why was the woman asked to leave the store, then?
Language barrier may be to blame for Nashua Taser incident[WMUR 9]
Newton woman tasered by Nashua police after refusing to leave Apple Store [Boston.com]
The Islamic Society of Tampa Bay Area has a request for public school teachers and administrators. They want children of Muslim parents to be dismissed from school early once a week so that they can attend a mandatory prayer service.
Oh, and by early, they mean 12:30p until the end of the school day.
Because that won't disrupt student learning at all.
They put this permission slip on their website for families to download and take to their kids' schools:
Let's focus on the core of it:
The form cites Florida Statute Section 1006.53 in making the case that schools must “accommodate the religious observance of students.”
When they don't tell you is that Section 1006.53 includes a key word that the flyer doesn't mention:
Each public postsecondary educational institution shall adopt a policy which reasonably accommodates the religious observance, practice, and belief of individual students
Missing 2.5 hours of school every week — during the same time period, no less — is hardly reasonable. If you're in high school, that would mean missing the same classes for 20% of the year.
The form also fails to mention this Florida law:
Each district school board shall establish an attendance policy that includes, but is not limited to, the required number of days each school year that a student must be in attendance…
In many districts, there's a minimum number of hours you must be in class. If you don't attend class, you don't get the credits, and you can't graduate.
As the flyer rightly states, public school districts will grant you time off for religious reasons, but we're talking a day or two, not half the day, once a week, for the entire school year.
According to the flyer, “it is an obligation to observe this prayer otherwise it is a sin.” But it is also perfectly alright to shortchange children on their education? I would suggest homeschooling is a better option for parents who require this devotion from their kids, but I feel that would only create a vacuum for even more prayer.
Anyway, let's suppose the schools acquiesced on this and allowed the Muslim students to miss that much class. Depending on the number of students who would be absent, it would wreak havoc on the teachers and other students. It'd be no different than a group of students taking a field trip for another class, requiring my to adjust my lesson plans since I'd have to reteach the material the next day, anyway.
Most teachers, I'd assume, would be more than willing to accommodate students who miss class because they're sick or have a family thing happening. But when it's the same students missing the same class, week after week, it becomes much more of an obstacle.
But maybe I'm guilty of treating Muslims differently than I would Christians. I asked Heina Dadabhoy — an ex-Muslim — about this situation and this is what they told me:
Jummah [the Friday prayer in question here] is indeed considered mandatory for boys over the age of puberty. There's no makeup for the actual Jummah. That said, most Muslim men in non-Muslim countries are forced to skip it because of work and school and instead pray the normal early afternoon prayer… I don't think it's any more preposterous than the fact that a lot of stores and business are closed on Christian-based holidays like Christmas — and, for that matter, that Christian students are guaranteed Sundays off school so that they can attend church without a hitch.
They have a point there. If school took place on Sunday morning, wouldn't Christians be demanding the same sort of time off? Am I just letting Christians off the hook here because the schedule already accommodates the majority's religious beliefs?
Then again, church services don't *have* to take place at a particular time or on a particular day. There's a stringent nature to Islamic prayer that makes this Friday afternoon timeframe so rigid that students are forced to choose between attending class and being properly devout.
Heina also added that they knew people who prayed during their lunch periods or other times of the day — those students just worked things out one-on-one with their teachers. While I haven't been in that situation with any of my students, I would just hope there's some flexibility with the times they need to pray for the sake of their own education.
(via BizPac Review — Thanks to Brian for the link)
As NewsBusters reported Wednesday, Al Jazeera entered into an agreement to buy Al Gore's failing network Current TV.
Hours later, as a result of the purchase, Time Warner Cable dropped the station with a message reading to viewers "This channel is no longer available on Time Warner Cable."
According to multiple news sources, Current co-founder Joel Hyatt said in a statement that TWC dropped their TV network because TWC "did not consent to the sale to Al Jazeera."
“Current will no longer be carried on TWC," wrote Hyatt. "This is unfortunate, but I am confident that Al Jazeera America will earn significant additional carriage in the months and years ahead."
The Huffington Post reported late Wednesday, "A Time Warner Cable spokesperson said in a statement that 'our agreement with Current will be terminated and we will no longer be carrying the channel.'"
Given TWC's 12.5 million subscribers, it will be interesting to see how and if this impacts Al Jazeera's decision to purchase Current.
Stay tuned.
More on Current TV Sale
The Forgotten Palestinians
By Ilan Pappé
Yale University Press, 336 pages, $30
Hamas and Civil Society in Gaza
By Sara Roy
Princeton University Press, 319 pages, $35
In Your Eyes a Sandstorm: Ways of Being Palestinian
By Arthur Neslen
University of California Press, 328 pages, $34.95
‘I can't believe Bibi [Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu], is forced to listen to that,” my wife said as the muezzins began their evening call to prayer. Less than half a mile from Caesarea, in the village Jisr az-Zarqa, their sound is inescapable. Five times a day. “It's divine justice,” a family friend remarked. “Even at their vacation home, they still can't escape the Palestinians.” “Palestinians,” a general snorted. “There is no such thing. These people are Arabs.”
Predictably, the officer's statement set the crowd alight. Though not exactly a politically correct group, my largely liberal family members and their close friends were nonetheless taken aback by our guest's dismissive remark. A relative quickly placed their hand on my knee, cautioning me to hold my tongue. Noting everyone's discomfort, the general threw up their hands and said, “Bibi hears the same thing in Jerusalem. He's used to it.”
A lifelong Likudnik with a newfound love for Yisrael Beiteinu, the general made remarks that were not unexpected. Still, I puzzled over the distinction they drew between “Arabs” and “Palestinians.” Though not new, it was an extremely clever formulation that neatly disposed of a Palestinian national identity in ways that are frequently criticized by progressive scholars and journalists who cover the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
“Politicide,” is what sociologist Baruch Kimmerling would have called such a statement. Like the automatic response of the soldier, such comments abnegate the national aspirations of the Palestinian people. The more we ignore their national identity, the more we delegitimize their struggle for independence. As “Arabs,” Palestinians could be absorbed by any other Arab nation.
The logic is obvious. As Palestinians will tell you, the need to counter it is certainly not, if one takes seriously the recent spate of book-length investigations of Palestinian life by Jewish pundits. As though to answer such dismissals, this year alone no less than three such volumes have appeared. Written by an Israeli historian, a British journalist and a Harvard political economist, they are also standout works in their genre.
Appropriately enough, it is the Israeli, Ilan Pappé, who takes the responsibility of writing a history of their own countrymen. To be precise, they are not merely Arabs, but exactly the sort of people whose particularity resists being reduced to that of outsiders: Palestinian citizens of Israel. In one of the most comprehensive book-length treatments of the subject, “The Forgotten Palestinians,” Pappé has produced perhaps the most accessible and probing account of Palestinians in Israel to date.
Moving to the new from the familiar, Pappé's book leaves no stone unturned. From the 1956 Kafr Kassem massacre, in which Israeli border police killed 48 Palestinian civilians, to the revelation of correspondence from Israeli judges complaining of such things as the “Nazi-like” mistreatment of Israeli Palestinians in the first decade of the state's existence, Pappé's book is a classic, New Historian-style narrative, exposing a less than heroic account of Israel's founding years.
The Israeli Palestinians that emerge from Pappé's portrait are pragmatists, believing in the promise of parliamentary politics and Israeli democracy — particularly at Israel's birth, which, despite the losses they suffered, many believed would allow them eventual enfranchisement. Yet, according to Pappé, the “benefits” of Israeli democracy are not universally experienced. Israeli Palestinians are discriminated against. Their social deprivation helps underwrite the persistence of retrograde, patriarchal social structures in return, such as the clan, or the hammula.
For those already predisposed toward Pappé's work, such as anti-Occupation activists, such disclosures and conclusions are to be expected from the scholar. For Pappé's critics, the thoroughness of their research and the lengths they go to explain it will undoubtedly encourage reconsideration of their partisanship, especially with such concerns about Israeli-Palestinian society. That is, if they take the time to read the book.
The idea of writing such a history has its own political value, especially if you disagree with the idea that Israeli Palestinians ought to have the exact same rights as Israeli Jews. Pappé's critics will undoubtedly point to this and conclude that the historian has just found another way to advance a pro-Palestinian position.
Roy is considered the world's foremost authority on Gaza, and their last collection of essays, “Failing Peace: Gaza and the Palestinian-Israeli Conflict” (Pluto Press, 2006), remains a tremendous resource and useful overview of their writing, showcasing the scholar's considerable strengths as a political analyst with a strong interest in Islam.
Having spent the entirety of their academic career working on Israeli-Palestinian issues (Roy's 1988 dissertation was on America's economic assistance to the Palestinians under Israeli occupation), their work shows a fluency in their subject matter that's rare among American Middle East scholars. A child of Holocaust survivors, they have stated that the Shoah exerts enormous influence on their chosen area of research and on their politics.
Roy's “Hamas and Civil Society in Gaza” is a natural follow-up to “Failing Peace.” A focused study of how the Islamist organization turned itself into the most powerful political entity in the southern Palestinian territory, Roy's portrait of Hamas is every bit the multifaceted portrait it ought to be. Emphasizing the organization's civic activities, Hamas comes off sounding far more secular than it is generally portrayed in the media, characterized, as it often is, as an Iranian-style agent of religious coercion. If you want to understand why its base of support became so broad, Roy has the answer.
Unlike many of its critics, Roy demonstrates that Hamas is an immensely complex organization that deserves to be engaged. Nonetheless, they issue repeated notes of caution, explaining how the continually declining situation in Gaza has had the effect of hardening the organization's politics, alienating its political and military wings from one another, and radicalizing its membership. Though it is not the only Palestinian organization to be worked with, it must be dealt with as part of any solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, sooner rather than later.
Whereas Pappé and Roy choose to focus on regional Palestinian communities, journalist Arthur Neslen's poetically titled “In Your Eyes a Sandstorm” takes in the entire Palestinian community. Consisting of thematically woven interviews with Palestinians from every conceivable walk of life, Neslen's book could easily be mistaken for a Middle Eastern variation on Studs Terkel's groundbreaking oral history, “Working.”
“Sandstorm” is all about narrative. As in their critically acclaimed first book, “Occupied Minds: A Journey Through the Israeli Psyche” (Pluto Press, 2006), the interview format allows Neslen's subjects to speak for themselves. As straightforward as this may seem, the interviews are only as good as the questions that are asked. Neslen's queries are significant and probing, and the answers they get are nuanced and, at times, heart-wrenching. The end result is a highly structured series of conversations between Palestinian Arabs and a European-Jewish journalist.
That, in itself, is its own metaphor, one of which the author is clearly aware. Like Pappé and Roy, Neslen understands that details matter. The more they can be discussed, the more difficult it is to fall back on charged stereotypes that equate, for example, Palestinians with Arabs, or Jews and kafirs, unbelievers. Hence their willingness to make conversation even with the most predictable of interlocutors, such as Hamas spokesperson Fawzi Barhoum.
In Neslen's portrait, Barhoum's militancy is flawed, yet understandable.  They are a victim of their experiences, though the journalist puts a careful distance between their recognition of this and their personal feelings for the spokesperson. In striking such balances, Neslen's book displays the kind of discrimination lacking in contexts such as the one my family and I found ourselves contending with in Caesarea. The kind that can insist on “Palestinian” over “Arab,” even from an exhausted soldier's perspective.
Joel Schalit is the editor of the magazine souciant.com.  They are currently writing a book about Jews and Muslims in contemporary Europe.
This story "Who are the Palestinians?" was written by Joel Schalit.
NOTES
Source: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (US)
Release: H.3 Aggregate Reserves of Depository Institutions and the Monetary Base
Units: Billions of Dollars, Not Seasonally Adjusted
Frequency: Monthly
Notes:
Please note breaks in data: Data prior to 2003-01-01 include adjustment, extended, and seasonal credit. Data from 2003-01-01 to 2007-11-01 include primary, secondary, and seasonal credit. Data from 2007-12-01 to 2008-02-01 include primary, secondary, seasonal, and term auction credit. Data from 2008-03-01 forward include primary, secondary, seasonal credit, primary dealer credit facility, other credit extensions, and term auction credit. Data from 2008-09-01 are loans to depository institutions for primary, secondary, and seasonal credit, primary dealer and other broker-dealer credit. This category also includes the asset-backed commercial paper money market mutual fund liquidity facility, other credit extensions, and term auction credit.
WATCH: The GSA announced that the lease is in good standing.
WATCH: The GSA announced that the lease is in good standing.
The Trump International Hotel received $270,000 from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, according to filings disclosed by the Department of Justice.
The spending at the Washington, D.C., property related to lodging, parking and catering expenses, the filings from MSL Group Americas, a public relations firm, showed.
A spokesperson for the Trump organization told ABC News that the money would be donated at the end of the year.
“In accordance with our foreign patronage policy, we intend to donate the profits of this transaction at the end of the calendar year," the spokesperson said.
Still, the transaction is likely to renew the debate over Trump's family businesses, which were turned over to their sons and a longtime company executive to manage.
Saudi Arabia is currently fighting to roll back a 2016 law that allows U.S. terror victims to sue them, and is seeking Trump's support in that effort.
The Daily Caller was the first to report the news.
It's that time in the 4-year cycle, when placing in races can be as much about impressing the national selectors as it is about the glory of the victory. For the women's peloton, the Olympics races are the biggest of the year, a chance to ride in front of the worldwide audience the men take for granted - in a race everyone understands.
And with fewer places up for grabs than their male counterparts have, the women will have a hard time just to get onto their teams. We've got until the end of May before we find out how many riders each nation will have - which gives us plenty of time for one of the fun parts of cycling fandom - speculation! I'll be telling you about the riders I think will be being considered for some of the biggest teams - and in the comments you can tell me what you think - especially if you can think of names I should have included!
I'm starting with the Australians, who, at the moment, will have a team of three riders for the Road Race, two of whom can enter the ITT. There's one rider who I think must already be a certainty for this team - and below the jump I'll tell you about the riders she's up against
Chloe Hosking really has to be there, I think. She's a tough, fast sprinter, who's been learning tactical skills from the canniest, fastest woman in the bunch, Ina-Yoko Teutenberg. Hosking funded their own way to race in Europe, and has been improving every year, beating riders like Marianne Vos, Emma Johansson, Lizzie Armitstead and Kirsten Wild for their early season wins.
These will have given them a place on the long-list already - Australia have some clear critera for their "shadow team" on their Olympic website - they count results from 23rd March 2011 to 12th June 2012, and they're looking at performance in UCI-ranked races. When they won their stage at the Tour of ChongMing Island last year, Hosking was automatically nominated to the shadow team list - as are all Australian women who finish on the podium in 1.1 races; win a 1.2 race; come on the podium or in the top 5 of the GC in a 2.1 stage race; or win a stage or come on the GC podium in a 2.2. She's had plenty of those results already - and with the Road Race being mostly flat, apart from the two Box hill loops, half-way around the course, they seem a perfect choice for the sprinting options.
The national champions are also automatically added to the nomination list - in this case, Shara Gillow for the ITT and Amanda Spratt for the road race
Shara Gillow must also be a sure-thing for the team, because she's the best bet Australia has for the ITT. In the 2011 World Championships they came 12th, but this is deceptive - their ride was just as the rain started, and I'd argue that they were one of the riders who suffered most from the weather. When I imagine who will finish in the Olympic top ten, she's definitely there for me, and their road skills are perfect for the hills and breakaways - and if a set of the time trial specialists such as Arndt and Pooley break away, Gillow can easily keep up with them. Them stage win in last year's Giro Donne - the biggest and most prestigious women's stage race - gives them extra nomination points, and their third place in Thüringen Rundfaht shows they can perform over all kinds of territory.
Amanda Spratt gets onto the nomination list through their win at the Czech Tour de Feminin last year, and because of their national champion's jersey - but she'll have a tough fight on their hand to take the coveted third spot on the Olympic team - because although their results might be better than other riders', the Australian system, like a lot of nations, has some discretionary criteria - taking into account past results, and riders who may have missed the opportunity to get results through sickness or injury. This particularly applies to the next two riders...
Rochelle Gilmore has been working towards Olympic qualification as their major goal for the last few years - but it suffered a major set-back when they were involved in a huge crash on Stage 5 of last year's Giro Donne, where they fractured a vertebra, broke their pelvis, some ribs and had to learn to walk again. She's made an amazing recovery (which you can read about on their blog), but it's not surprising that they haven't had many results this year. They must be hoping that the selectors take their history and palmares into account - and she's not the only one.
Alexis Rhodes, last year's national road champion, also had a bad 2011, with a crash in Stage 2 of the EnergieWacht Tour that had them out of racing with concussion and other injuries, and then they needed surgery later in the year. But if there's one thing Rhodes knows about, it's overcoming adversity and coming back from trouble. They were one of the riders seriously injured in the 2005 crash that killed Australian cyclist Amy Gillet, and their career has involved more team collapses than is normal even for women's cycling... even if they don't make the Olympics this year, I hope their year is happy and successful.
The other discretionary criteria the Australian selectors will be using include taking into account riders who have "demonstrated ability to perform a team role as a domestique,servicing team leaders. Team results on courses having similar characteristics and profile to the proposed course for the 2012 Olympic Games will be considered in this assessment" - and here we come to Tiffany Cromwell.
You might have noticed Cromwell grinning their head off as they forced the break on the cobbles that helped their GreenEdge team-mate Judith Arndt win the Ronde van Vlaanderen - in fact practically every GreenEdge race report has included their work for the team - or you might remember them fronting the various team videos - their packing tips, for example (it starts off sensibly with Alexis Rhodes, and then gets to Tiffany...), or interviewing their team-mates. She's always had huge potential, but their career was thrown off course after the Skyter Shipping debacle left their team-less for 2010, and last year they never really gelled with Lotto, moving to Hitec Products UCK for the second half of the season - but it really feels like she's back, happy and working their socks off in their new team. But will it be enough for the selectors?
My final pick for the Aussie team is my longshot. You'll have noticed that the selection policy is all about UCI races - and Loren Rowney has been based in the USA for the season so far, so hasn't had any UCI racing - but their results in the sprinty races in Australia and in the USA mean she's definitely a rider to watch out for. When they did ride a UCI race - the 2.2-ranked Tour of New Zealand - they were on the podium twice, winning Stage 2 and coming third in Stage 3. If they don't make it to the Olympics this time around, I hope they get to try their legs in Europe - they seem like a fun rider, definitely one for the future.
So those are my long-list - but I'm sure to have missed some important riders off, and you can tell me so in the comments! Keep an eye on them all in the coming month..
For more on these riders, check out:
And there's information about the Olympic road cycling rules and courses here
It's no secret that Bluetooth has been a problem child for Android, plagued with poor audio quality and connectivity issues. I've already covered a handful of common problems in a previous post, but another issue has been emerging in the last few months that threatens to virtually kill all Bluetooth operation on a device in the right conditions. The culprit is a nasty little oversight in the Bluetooth Low-Energy code added with Android 4.3 Jelly Bean. Once a device has been within range of enough BLE devices, the entire Bluetooth service will begin crashing.
Symptoms
There is only one truly obvious symptom, but it's incredibly unhelpful for diagnosing the issue. When the bug exposes itself, it's in the form of a single dialog box with the message, "Unfortunately, Bluetooth share has stopped." After tapping the 'OK' button, the service will automatically restart in the background, and the cycle often repeats shortly afterward. Turning off Bluetooth will prevent the dialog from appearing, but once Bluetooth is re-enabled, the cycle is likely to begin again.
The Problem
The problem is located in a piece of the Bluetooth Low-Energy code. When a new MAC address (a unique number for identifying a piece of hardware on a network) is detected, it is first stored in memory and later written to a file called bt_config.xml when the Bluetooth service shuts down naturally. This logging operation is going on anytime the radio is scanning for devices. That may not sound like a common occurrence, but scans occur frequently as long as Bluetooth is enabled.
Once the log reaches 1,990 entries, any new MAC address will cause an overflow and immediately crash the Bluetooth service. Since the log is reloaded into memory each time the service restarts, the problem doesn't really go away on its own. Keep in mind, devices that have already been detected and exist within the log will not cause a crash; rather, it's just when a previously unknown address appears. In other words, the Bluetooth service might start crashing as you're walking around a mall or even driving by a jogger with a fitness band, but it's unlikely to act up when you're at home, even if you've got a handful of BLE gadgets laying around.
Nearly 2,000 addresses should sound like a lot, and aside from frequent travelers, many people wouldn't even come close enough to that many active BLE devices in the lifetime of a phone or tablet. However, a new type of gadget will virtually guarantee this number is hit within hours of going into a public setting: Proximity Beacons. The most notable of these are based on a technology developed by Apple, called iBeacon. These small, fairly low-cost transmitters can be placed around stores and events to push data and location information to devices. Proximity beacons are already appearing in some sporting and concert venues, and they are likely to become commonplace in popular retail outlets like Macy's and Walmart.
Where the problem becomes eminently worse is a "security feature" employed by some beacons. To prevent spoofing, products like the Gimbal by Qualcomm are designed to rapidly roll through auto-generated MAC addresses. The Gimbal broadcasts a new MAC every 0.8 seconds and can roll through the necessary 1990 addresses in less than 30 minutes. This video taken at Dodger Stadium demonstrates a deployed Gimbal setting off the bug.
Affected Versions And Devices
The bug was introduced when Android 4.3 Jelly Bean added support for BLE to the Bluedroid Bluetooth stack. Since this issue has gone largely unnoticed until recently, it managed to survive well into the life of Android 4.4. Virtually every device running stock firmware on Android 4.3 - 4.4.2 should be affected by this issue, assuming the manufacturer hasn't substantially modified the Bluetooth stack on their own. It's possible that some recent firmware updates may have silently patched this issue already, but it has been identified in the latest updates to the HTC One (m7 and m8), Samsung Galaxy S 5, and a few others.
The Bluedroid stack was first introduced with Android 4.2, but custom implementations of BLE built by HTC, Samsung, and Sony for that version should not be affected.
Workarounds and Fixes
If the Bluetooth service on your device has started crashing, there are a few methods for solving the problem, and even one that may prevent it from returning. Unfortunately, there's one catch that prevents this from being easily and permanently fixed on most devices: the log file bt_config.xml is restricted to system-level access. That means it can only be directly read or modified by the Bluetooth service, the OS, or apps with root access.
I'll start with the best option in the group, an app called Bluetooth Crash Resolver. It was developed by Radius Networks, one of the companies that manufactures proximity beacons. bt_config.xml can't be modified directly without root, but the Bluetooth service can be tricked into clearing out entries by forcing a "discovery" to run. The app can watch for and fix the log after a crash occurs and it will attempt to prevent further issues through regular paring down of the list. The developers acknowledge that it's not a perfect solution and it may cost some battery life, but it's the easiest and as close to a permanent fix that exists without rooting. Unfortunately, there are reports that it doesn't work with every device firmware, so some users will have to resort to alternative solutions. This app is also open source. Note to developers using BLE: there are instructions for ways your own apps can help to reduce the problem.
The other non-root solution, if you can call it that, is a factory reset. I only mention this because there aren't any other alternatives. This will fix the issue until the log refills, and then you're right back to square one. Consider this a last resort.
If your device is rooted, you can manually edit bt_config.xml to remove excess entries. It's located at /data/misc/bluedroid. Doing this may require re-pairing with your existing BLE devices, unless those are kept in the list. This method is also a very temporary fix since the log will eventually refill on its own. I've yet to see an app that automates this process, but such a thing will probably turn up fairly soon.
While I don't consider 3rd-party ROMs to inherently be a "fix," it's worth noting that this bug was patched in CyanogenMod 10.2 all the way back on September 27th - four days before the launch of KitKat. Umm, did anybody remember to submit this patch upstream to Google? Nonetheless, any custom ROM based on CM source from after that date should be free of this issue.
Current Status
A bug report has already been posted to the AOSP Issue Tracker with details for reproduction. Google hasn't directly responded to that bug post, but we've reached out to Qualcomm, and received a comment that confirms Google is aware of the issue and fixing it with a future release.
Please know that while the overall Gimbal context aware platform supports iOS and Android, Gimbal proximity beacons today only support iOS. We are aware of an issue within Android and have been working with Google to address in their next software release. We look forward to Gimbal proximity beacons being supported by Android in the near future. -- Qualcomm
After a bit of digging around in the accidentally leaked 4.4.3 changelog, it appears that a fix is on the way (see line 316 of our mirror). At least we know the bug is squashed for future releases.
Wrap-Up
With the rise of Bluetooth Low-Energy devices, we're bound to see a few bugs bubbling up from the depths. This particular issue will likely pose problems for the next year or two on devices that have been abandoned with Android 4.3 - 4.4.2. As for devices that will continue to receive updates, we can probably expect many OEMs to simply skip 4.4.3 (if it is released) in favor of the next major release due to come out at Google I/O 2014.
Sources: AOSP Issue Tracker #67272, StackOverflow, Radius Networks (+ Github thread)
It's been a while since we've seen solar technology and high-fashion merged successfully. It was just under a year ago that we took a look at some solar handbags designed by the likes of Tommy Hilfiger and Diane Van Furstenburg and there are a few other exceptions but, generally speaking, fashion designers haven't exactly been clamoring over each other to produce hip, stylish, solar-infused products you would actually want to wear on your person. Fashion icon Ralph Lauren is apparently ready to give stylish solar a shot, however,as last week we heard that Ralph Lauren launched a Solar Panel Backpack as part of its RLX line.
The backpack is reportedly made from a thin, seamless, water-resistant material. The back portion of the pack is outfitted with four solar panels that pump out 3.45 watts of current. That should be about enough to charge up an iPhone in two or three hours provided the solar panels have some seriously direct sun exposure.
The pack is said to measure roughly 20″ H x 14″ L x 1″ D and is available in both orange and black. The pack's shoulder straps are fully adjustable and the designers have also integrated a handle on the side plus a security strap for the top flap so that pack can be carried like a satchel.
Perhaps the only thing that stands out more than the pack's orange color option is the price. The RLX solar backpack probably isn't the most expensive backpack in the world, but it will set you back about $800.00. Ouch.
A RED-HAIRED Aberdonian claims they have saved more than £200 after using a homemade “ginger discount card” in shops, bars and taxis.
Richard Macrae was given the homemade card for their 30th birthday by a friend as a joke.
But when they presented it in shops, bars, restaurants and cinemas, Mr Macrae was surprised to find many retailers agreed to take money off their purchases.
“People have always given me stick for my hair colour but now I'm going out three nights a week and saving a fortune. The joke's on them,” said Mr Macrae.
“It comes out with me more than my bank card. My reputation precedes me: once I was asked by a security guard if I was the ‘ginger discount guy'.
“I ask if they do the ginger ­discount and when they look confused, I slide across my card.
“Usually everyone gets the humour behind it. Some people look confused and wonder if it's real, which is always a laugh, but most get the joke. I've saved a couple of hundred pounds maybe, with money off booze, taxis, food and club entries. Over four years it fairly builds up.”
Mr Macrae, a comic book ­illustrator, admitted they have had their share of knockbacks.
“It's been turned down plenty,” they said. “But I've also used it as ID and it has worked.
“It opens folk up to a bit of banter back and forth but I never try for any specific amount of discount.
“Any money off is always handy.”
Mr Macrae claims their card is popular with “gingers and non-gingers” alike.
They said: “Once they see it, plenty of folk ask about getting one.
“It's not even just ginger ­people. Anyone who's seen it work always asks for one – beard discount cards, the list goes on and on.”
Rik Gillespie, 30, a bartender at Aberdeen's JamJar pub, said: “I used to serve Richard and their friends regularly. They were good customers and a great laugh. The first time I saw the ginger discount card, I thought it was brilliant and gave them the same discount that we would for students just because it looked so real.”
Another to give a discount was barmaid Kirsty Davidson, 24, of the Illicit Still, who thought Mr Macrae was “a chancer”.
They said: “I thought it was really funny and unique as I had never seen anyone try to use something like that before.
“I gave them 20 per cent food and drink discount as they were also in for food at the time.
“I decided it was all good fun and they were a bit of a chancer.”
A worker at Vue cinema, who did not want to be named, said: “Well, it was funny, a total chancer move, so we decided to stick it through as student discount.”
1967 4-Door Porsche 911 Reading time: about 1 minute. American
Cars
German
Porsche
In 2009 Porsche released the Panamera, a 4-door sedan with a design very closely related to the Porsche 911. Many thought this was the first 4-door Porsche sedan ever made but it actually wasn't, thanks to a slightly offbeat Texan named Dr. William Dick who was a Porsche dealer in San Antonio in the late 1960s. Dr Dick's car collection included a number of Porsches, Ferraris and a Rolls-Royce however none of the cars had 4 doors – in order to placate their wife the good doctor decided to create a stretched wheelbase 911 based on a factory fresh 1967 model.
They dispatched the dealership's manager to Italy to visit each of the major Italian coachbuilders and see if they would accept the project, all except one turned them down. There's no record of which coachbuilder took the project on but they spent a couple of weeks drawing up designs which were duly returned to San Antonio.
Troutman-Barnes of Culver City, California were chosen to turn the designs into reality and so they set to work in the summer of '67. The wheelbase was extended and the original 911's doors were removed and switched to the opposite side as the new rear doors, new front doors were fabricated and a new interior was fitted. The whole project cost slightly more than a new 4-door Rolls-Royce but it was an entirely new, unique car that Porsche themselves would emulate over 40 years later.
Apparently no one knows where this car is, so if you've seen it around make sure to shoot us an email so we can follow it up.
Additional information via Hagerty.
Brad Stevens will be an all-time legendary coach by the time they retire. How? By doing what they always does- win.
Gregg Popovich, Doc Rivers, Steve Kerr…. and Brad Stevens? To skeptics, putting a 39-year-old head coach in the middle of their third NBA season in the same sentence as surefire first ballot Hall of Fame coaches like the ones previously mentioned borderlines on blasphemy. Why stop there, though? Why not put Stevens in the conversation with all-time great coaches like Red Auerbach, Phil Jackson, and Pat Riley? Because that's where he's headed.
“Hold your horses,” most will argue. “It's crazy to compare a coach whose NBA teams have not yet reached the second round of the playoffs to legendary coaches who have won a combined 25 NBA Championships.” The funny thing is, though, it really isn't. In fact, it might be the most logical step a basketball fan could make.
To understand the true brilliance of Stevens' coaching, we must go back to the beginning. After growing up and attending college in Indianapolis, Stevens stayed within the state and took a job at Eli Lilly and Company. Interested in the ins-and-outs of basketball coaching, they decided to leave their job and became an assistant at Butler University. After serving as an assistant for many years, they were eventually promoted to head coach in 2007 after the previous coach left for Iowa. Incredibly, Stevens was the second youngest head coach in all of NCAA Division I basketball.
Often mistaken as a student on Butler's campus due to their young age and “babyface,” Stevens led Butler to a 30-win season in their first year and became the third youngest NCAA Division 1 head coach to win 30 games in their debut season. By the time their six-year coaching career at Butler was finished, they had become the youngest coach to lead their teams to two NCAA Division I Championship games and had broken the national record for most wins in the first three years of coaching.
After the national championship games, the coaching reputation of Stevens spread nationwide, eventually reaching the office of Boston Celtics President of Basketball Operations, Danny Ainge. They pegged Stevens as their coach of the future and gave them a six-year deal. Thus, Stevens made the transition from collegiate basketball to the professional world.
In just their second year as the Celtics' frontman, Stevens delivered, leading the team to the playoffs and finishing fourth in the NBA Coach of the Year voting. Currently they have their team of misfits and castoffs in position to be in the NBA playoffs once again, despite the fact that there is only one potential All-Star on the entire Celtics' roster. Those are the logistical facts of Stevens' accomplishments. “But that still doesn't prove that they should be in today's top echelon of coaches,” one might say, “let alone among the top coaches of all time.” Correct. However, through a statistical breakdown and understanding of how Stevens accomplished these feats, a clearer picture of their brilliance comes into focus.
During Stevens' time at Butler, the school was not known as a collegiate powerhouse, so Stevens understandably had difficulty recruiting top flight five-star recruits. Instead, they were stuck with undersized players who were always labeled with red flags by top ranked programs. Interestingly enough, this description perfectly describes the Celtics' roster as well. With an extremely undersized point guard in Isaiah Thomas, a former second round pick thought to not have many offensive skills in Jae Crowder, an overpaid role player according to numerous experts in Avery Bradley, and a variety of undersized big men, Stevens has essentially performed the same magic trick in Boston that they accomplished at Butler.
A staple of a Brad Stevens-coached team is to shoot more frequently than an opponent, both in two-point shots and three-pointers, thereby creating numerous opportunities for offensive rebounds and easy put-backs around the rim. Unlike teams such as the Golden State Warriors or San Antonio Spurs, who thrive on beautifully orchestrated offense to find the perfect shot, the Celtics simply shoot the first decent look they get and then crash the glass like wild banshees to rebound their misses.
For example, how are the Spurs ranked first in two-point field goal percentage, second in three-point percentage, and first in overall field goal percentage in the NBA, yet are only averaging 103.9 points per game? Likewise, how are the Celtics ranked 17th in two-point field goal percentage, 27th in three-point field goal percentage, and 23rd in overall field goal percentage, yet are right behind the Spurs for seventh in the NBA in points per game with 103.7?
The answer to both questions is one of the first commandments in the Brad Stevens coaching Bible: offensive rebounds. San Antonio? 24th in the NBA with 9.5. The Golden State offense? 13th in the NBA with 10.4 per game. But what about those pesky Celtics? 11.7 per game, good for fifth in the NBA. And that is the heart of the issue and the focal point of Stevens' genius.
Because Stevens has never had the most talented players, they have instilled in their teams the desire to rebound the ball with a passion and a fury. Less talented players miss shots. A lot of them. Instead of using this as a weakness, though, Stevens has managed to transform these misses into major team strengths.
Rather than look at each missed shot as a defeat, like 99 percent of the basketball coaches in America, Stevens views a miss as an opportunity to score again. If a Celtics player is able to rebound the miss, they will either be closer to the basket than the original shot if they go straight back up with the ball, or if they pass it to a teammate, that player will usually be wide open with a higher percentage shot than the first one. Instead of viewing each shot like an extra point in football where accuracy is the number one goal, Stevens sees each shot like a corner kick in soccer. Essentially, just put the ball into the mix and see what happens.
This pattern has been tried and true for Stevens, too, tracing back to their days at Butler. Despite giving up an average of two or three inches at each position for Steven's second runner-up National Championship team, for example, Butler still ranked 45th out of 347 teams in offensive rebounding. True to form, the team also ranked 156th in two-point field goal percentage, 133rd in three-point field goal percentage, and 186th in overall field goal percentage.
Like any Brad Stevens team, however, they were 17th in total field goals attempted and 39th in total field goals made. Easy math, right? The more times a team shoots, the more opportunities they have to score. Stevens took an equation so simple an elementary-aged student could understand it, and has used it to propel their teams to victory time and time again.
Stevens is also one of the best out-of-bounds coaches in the nation across any level. Another problem with teams that have less talent than their opponents is that players lack the ability to get off their own shots. Stevens compensates for this by creating brilliant set piece and side-out schemes that consistently aid their players in having wide open short-range shots or layups. Proof? Just take a look at their work at Butler and now with the Celtics.
However, this is simply on the offensive side of the ball. Defensively, there is a reason that Stevens-coached teams are known as “scrappy, grinders.” Defense is an easy lesson for any team lacking in the talent department. Why are upsets able to happen during March Madness each year? It does not take talent to play defense. It simply takes the will to work hard and heart, no matter how cheesy it sounds.
Year-in and year-out, basketball teams across the nation are able to bridge the talent gap by simply outworking their opponents on the defensive end of the ball. The difference between these teams and Stevens' teams? The ability they have to command their troops to wholeheartedly commit to defense every single night. This is the reason that the Celtics' rag-tag bunch is able to rank in the top 10 of almost every single defensive shooting category.
In the end, no one is crazy enough to predict an NBA championship run from the Celtics, at least not this season. However, after taking last year's NBA champion Warriors into double overtime earlier this season, the potential for the Celtics to compete with top teams is certainly attainable, especially as Ainge adds to the Celtics' talent level. This is the first year Stevens will be able to coach an All-Star player, yet they are still on their way to piloting the team to their second straight playoff appearance. The Miami Heat had two All-Stars last year and were still not able to make the playoffs. Imagine what Stevens could do with two players at this talent level!
“So what?” doubters may still question. “Stevens has done well with little talent. Plenty of coaches have done this for a season here and there. Why should they be lumped into discussion as a legendary coach?”
Stevens is special because of the consistent nature by which they have done so. All of Stevens' success has occurred in the span of a nine-year head coaching career. Nine years! Because Stevens has had consistent success throughout their coaching career, there is little doubt that they will be unable to continue their winning ways while improving on past success with each star player that the Celtics are able to sign or trade. Stevens is already a phenomenal coach; now it is up to Celtics' management to get them a few decent pieces they can use.
The fact of the matter is that no matter how good a coach is, they still need quality personnel. Auerbach had Bill Russell and Bob Cousy. Jackson had Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen and, later on, Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal. Riley had Magic Johnson and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Popovich has had Tim Duncan and Tony Parker. Kerr has Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson. Rivers had Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce. The list goes on and on, but one thing is clear: if Stevens is given a superstar player, they will join this list by the end of their head coaching career.
Very few coaches, if any, have ever experienced success in college basketball and the NBA like Stevens. Doubters may say that they have never had superstar talent, so they might not be able to manage big egos, but because Stevens has coached so many different types of players, they have been extremely flexible in their coaching style. Plus, every player who has ever played for Stevens has come away from the experience with glowing reviews.
With a coach as cerebral and relatable as Stevens, it's hard to bet against him, whether it be this NBA season or one 20 years down the line. Like any good strategic gambler, they always hold their cards close to their chest. However, with Stevens, it's always a pretty safe bet that they have the best cards in the house.
Edited by Jeremy Losak, Julian Boireau.
It's no secret that the financial industry's upstart fintech players have picked a fight with some of the country's biggest banks over the future of the loan business. But this month that battle spilled over into something far less existential: A dispute over access to electronic money-transfer services.
Cato Pastoll, co-founder of the peer-to-peer lender Lending Loop, says their online platform was abruptly removed from the electronic bill-payment services of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Bank of Nova Scotia this month. It relies on the services to access online accounts from individuals who want to fund its crowd-sourced loans.
Lending Loop retained a law firm, which wrote to the banks to complain about the abrupt withdrawal of access, without notice or sufficient explanation, and the service was resumed. But Pastoll said they were then given 30 days' notice that they will lose access again, meaning that Lending Loop will be cut off from the two banks' customers again in early January.
“Unfortunately we do not have a back-up solution figured out as of yet but we're hard at work to find something that will cause minimal disruption to our service,” Pastoll said.
The two banks were unable to respond to the Financial Post's request for comment before deadline, Wednesday.
Pastoll theorized that the large banks might be worried about competition, and suggested it would be a “typical response for an industry incumbent to make when facing the threat of new entrants.” Still, the upstart continues to use comparable payment services at Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Montreal “without any issues,” Pastoll said.
The banks' services allow people to transfer money online from their bank account to a Lending Loop account, from which they can lend the money to small businesses. Pastoll points out that online discount stock brokerages, such as Questrade, are allowed to use the services in a similar fashion.
Lending Loop, like other fintech firms, is combining technology and data to target a line of business traditionally dominated by the banks. So far, Pastoll says more than 1,500 individual lenders have signed up to its platform and the startup has fielded applications from more than 300 small business borrowers.
A recent business school graduate, Pastoll has characterized themselves as an industry “disruptor,” and says they are attempting with their startup to replicate the success of Funding Circle in the United Kingdom. Funding Circle has loaned more than 890 million pounds to about 11,000 businesses, and counts the U.K.-government-backed British Business Bank among its 44,000 investors.
While Lending Loop is a tiny startup, it caught the attention of regulators and other marketplace lenders in Canada this fall with the launch of U.S.-style peer-to-peer lending that allows anyone with $50 to pool their money in larger loans for small businesses.
Other fintech firms using online platforms in Canada to source money to bundle into business and consumer loans are instead relying on institutional or well-heeled “accredited” investors – those who meet strict asset or income thresholds. This is meant to ensure the firms comply with the most conservative interpretation of Canada's securities regulation.
The Ontario Securities Commission has, for example, has suggested that matching lenders to borrowers online could constitute dealing in securities. And anyone who offers securities in the province must prepare an expensive and comprehensive document called a prospectus and provide it to regulators and investors for vetting – unless they can rely on an exemption, such as the one that limits them to dealing with “accredited” investors.
bshecter@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/BatPost
Photo: Maya Robinson and Photos by NBC and CBS
When we last left How I Met Your Mother, Marshall was finally on Long Island. After two days and nearly half a season on the road, they are within walking distance from the wedding, their friends, and a wife who is quite pissed at him. See, Lily learned that despite the two of them having decided to move to Italy for Lily's new dream career, Marshall accepted a job to be a New York judge. It all feels familiar, if not doubly familiar. At its core, this is the same conflict that Jim and Pam went through in the final season of The Office, which was, as we pointed out when it was happening, the same conflict Coach and Mrs. Coach went through in the final season of Friday Night Lights.
To quickly summarize (spoiler alert for all three shows), in the final season of Friday Night Lights, Tami Taylor is improbably offered the job of dean of admissions at Philadelphia's Braemore College. Them husband, however, doesn't want to go, as they have been offered a job as head coach of the newly reunited Dillon Panthers super-team — a job that would keep the family in their Texas home for years to come. In the final season of The Office, Jim Halpert is improbably offered a chance to be a founding member of a sports-marketing company in Philadelphia; however, their wife Pam wants to keep their job and raise their family in Scranton. In both cases, drama ensued. In both cases, the wife won. (Though, Pam eventually later decided to sell their house, so they could move to Austin. The fundamental conflict for much of the season was the same.)
And I have little doubt the wife will win again with How I Met Your Mother, as it seems like what the show has been building to all along, even if retroactively. (Also, frankly, if Marshall won, he'd sure seem like a selfish if not misogynist jerk, which is not how you want a character remembered.) The HIMYM case is even more like FNL than The Office's was, as it is a conflict over dueling careers. So, just like it was for Tami Taylor, it's Lily's turn. HIMYM and FNL both spent more time focusing on the careers of the husbands, but in both cases the dissatisfaction of their spouses was heard early on and intermittently. In FNL, it was Tami's first season discontent with just being a coach's wife, leading to them taking a job as a guidance counselor at Dillon High. (Eric: “My high school?” Tami: “I wasn't aware that you bought it but, yeah.” Miss you, Tami!) For HIMYM, it was Lily leaving Marshall to go to art school in San Francisco.
As with The Office, we're not suggesting HIMYM is intentionally copying FNL. This is just the by-product of a writers' room forced to come up with tension for a final season. It's not new for a show to create a rift between its normally sturdy central couple. Mad About You tried it in their final season and fans got mad about it, as the plot-device felt (and indeed was) arbitrary, taking a previously happy, low-stakes sitcom relationship and just saying “and … now they hate each other.” Mad About You, for all its charms, was a simple show, a feature that doesn't easily produce believable conflict. So maybe Marshall and Lily's fight is a bit unoriginal at this point, but it still reflects a show with an ambition and ability to draw fully formed characters with complex motivations. (Not to say HIMYM is superior to Friends, but remember how little of a deal it ended up being when Chandler got transferred to Tulsa.) It's a fight between characters trying to define themselves beyond just the context of their marriage, which is complicated and feels true to life.
Like The Office, HIMYM is suffering from the fact that most of the husband and wife's interactions are happening on the phone, what with Marshall's incredibly frustrating story arc separating them from the main action. (At least it doesn't have the cheap infidelity red herring The Office had.) Still, we're enthusiastic for the happy ending, when Marshall asks Lily, “Will you take me to Rome with you, please?” And we can only hope that when Ted finally meets the mother, they already had plans to move to Chicago.
(Photos courtesy of The Humane Society of Central Oregon)
The Humane Society of Central Oregon rescued 59 cats from a home in Crescent, Oregon. The cats were found in deplorable conditions and brought to the shelter for medical care in Bend.
The owner relinquished the 59 cats to the Humane Society of Central Oregon. The cats were underweight and some emaciated. All are being treated for ear mites and fleas. Treatable conditions diagnosed include dental care (extractions, gum disease and cleaning), entropion (eyelids rolled in with eyelashes rubbing eye), fractured legs, and abscesses. Sadly, some were found emaciated that will need additional bloodwork to diagnose underlying conditions.
On Friday March 10, the Bend Spay Neuter Project received a call from the owner of the cats. They stated that they and their mother were being evicted from their home on Tuesday, March 14 and that they desperately needed help with the cats. Four HSCO staff and a volunteer from Bend Spay Neuter Project quickly gathered the felines with the assistance from the owner.
The public can assist the Humane Society of Central Oregon with monetary contributions to help cover the costs of care, which includes diagnostic tests, medications, dental procedures, surgery costs and special foods. Canned cat food is needed for the additional cats. Donations can be made at hsco.org.
“Despite the deplorable conditions, the cats are amazingly social and will make good companions once they adjust to their new normal,” commented Karen Burns, operations director for HSCO. “This case is a perfect example of what happens when one does not spay and neuter their animals and acquires more animals than they can properly care for,” says Burns. Companion animals have social and basic care needs that must be met. If you or someone you know needs assistance, obtain the help so that the animals do not suffer.
The HSCO will be looking for adopters to open their hearts and homes to these cats in the next few days. The Humane Society of Central Oregon is located at 61170 SE 27th Street in Bend. For more information, visit hsco.org or call 541.382.3537.
CHICAGO (CBS) — Former President Barack Obama reported for jury duty Wednesday morning at the Daley Center downtown, but was in the courthouse less than two hours before they were allowed to go home.
Obama worked the jury room, greeting and thanking other citizens for their jury service. At one point they looked over the room and said, “This looks like Chicago!”
Obama spent the night at their home in Kenwood before leaving for jury duty shortly after 9:30 a.m., in a motorcade of four black SUVs, a marked Chicago police SUV, and a marked Illinois State Police SUV.
After navigating through stop-and-go traffic in the Loop, they arrived at the Daley Center courthouse around 10 a.m., and entered the building through the basement.
Cook County Chief Judge Timothy Evans greeted the former president when they arrived in the jury assembly room on the 17th floor of the courthouse. Shortly before noon, Evans announced Obama had been dismissed for the day. The former president had been selected for a jury panel that was not needed on Wednesday, and the entire panel was allowed to go home around lunchtime.
Evans said several other potential jurors shook hands with Obama while they were at the courthouse, and some even brought along books for them to sign.
Former President Obama's motorcade arrived at the Daley Center moments ago, pulling into the basement garage, so they can report to jury duty. pic.twitter.com/XhGEQFi7c1 — CBS Chicago (@cbschicago) November 8, 2017
Tabitha Smith was walking by the Daley Center before Obama arrived, and was impressed the former president was reporting for jury duty.
“That's kind of cool. I might stand outside on my first break and see if I can catch him,” they said.
JUST IN: Obama reports to jury duty https://t.co/IJXam68jxw pic.twitter.com/xNKFHussEV — The Hill (@thehill) November 8, 2017
Walter Palmer, who also had been summoned for jury duty at the Daley Center on Wednesday, said they felt like they had a golden ticket. They were excited about the possibility of meeting the former president in the jury room. Palmer also praised Obama for not trying to get out of jury service.
“It shows us all that I don't have a good excuse, and it's an important duty for all of us. So if he's going to show up, I guess we all have to show up for this,” they said.
Former President @BarackObama's motorcade arrived at the Daley Center at 10 o'clock this morning and drove underneath the building before the former president serves jury duty. pic.twitter.com/higLUtnC7m — Bernie Tafoya (@BernieTafoya) November 8, 2017
Evans first revealed Obama had been summoned for jury duty last month, but did not reveal exactly when or where the former president would serve.
Obama still owns a home at 51st and Greenwood, and is registered to vote in Chicago, although they and their family live in D.C.
Like other jurors, Obama will be paid $17.20 for each day of service.
This isn't their first time Obama has been selected for jury duty since they were elected president. They also are summoned for jury duty at the Bridgeview Courthouse in January 2010, but was excused from serving because of their busy schedule at the time.
The ABC strongly rejects allegations made by Mr Michael Danby MP in a paid advertisement in the Australian Jewish News that the coverage by ABC Jerusalem correspondent Sophie McNeill of a series of killings of Palestinians and of Jewish Israelis on 21 July was biased and unbalanced.
Contrary to Mr Danby's assertion, Ms McNeill gave due prominence to the fatal stabbing attack of the three Israelis with stories on television, radio, News Digital and Twitter. The coverage included graphic accounts of the attack from witnesses and first responders.
This advertisement is part of a pattern of inaccurate and highly inappropriate personal attacks on Ms McNeill by Mr Danby. The ABC has complete confidence in the professionalism of Ms McNeill. Despite unprecedented scrutiny and obvious pre-judgement by Mr Danby and others, their work has been demonstrably accurate and impartial.
All ABC News content is produced in accordance with ABC editorial policies and under the supervision of experienced editorial managers.
For more information
Sally Jackson
Media Manager, ABC News
jackson.sally@abc.net.au
San Antonio Spur Kawhi Leonard produces, stars in movie
Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard, a proven superstar on the basketball court, now dives into the movie producing game. Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard, a proven superstar on the basketball court, now dives into the movie producing game. Photo: Getty Images Photo: Getty Images Image 1 of / 43 Caption Close San Antonio Spur Kawhi Leonard produces, stars in movie 1 / 43 Back to Gallery
San Antonio's stellar Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard has donned a new hat: movie producer.
Leonard not only is co-executive producer of the documentary "The First to Do It," about basketball pioneer Earl Lloyd, but is featured in the movie, too.
Lloyd was the first black player in the NBA.
Leonard joins more seasoned movie producer and fellow Spur Tony Parker, who follows up their executive producer credit on last year's feature film "The Birth of a Nation," about Nat Turner, with the same title on the Lloyd documentary.
RELATED: Spurs seek consistency as playoffs approach
The movie is scheduled for release during opening weekend of the 2017-18 NBA season.
Two-time NBA All-Star Leonard, who hosted a private screening of "The First to Do It" during All-Star weekend in New Orleans last month, also is interviewed in the film.
"The guy was like 22 years old when they were the first African-American basketball player," Leonard, 25, told Marc J. Spears of The Undefeated, a sports and pop culture site owned and operated by ESPN.
"He was a guy who paved the way for us on and off the court. They were loved by fans and other races while he's playing, then walks off the court and gets treated a different way just because they didn't have the same skin color. I learned from their experiences and take them into my everyday life."
"The First to Do It" chronicles the life and basketball career of Lloyd -- beginning with their youth in segregated Virginia to their historic first step onto an NBA court to their witnessing of an African-American becoming President of the United States.
On October 31, 1950, Lloyd, who played for the Washington Capitols, broke the NBA's color barrier when they played in a game against the Rochester Royals.
RELATED: Reports: Hammon will interview for vacant Florida women's coaching job
Nicknamed "The Big Cat," Lloyd was one of three black players to enter the NBA at that time. The others were Nat "Sweetwater" Clifton of the New York Knicks and Chuck Cooper of the Boston Celtics, who also played in the NBA during the 1950-51 season. Lloyd, however, was the first in a game because of scheduling.
Lloyd played for six seasons with Syracuse and two with the Detroit Pistons before their retirement in 1961.
They died at the age of 86 on February 26, 2015.
The movie is definitely a passion project for Leonard.
"About two or three years ago I wanted to check out who was the first African-American basketball player," Leonard says in The Undefeated article.
"I just searched it on the internet and I came up with Earl Lloyd. I didn't want to read too much on him. I just wanted to figure out the answer. Two years later, I hear from people that are going to do this documentary."
According to The Undefeated, executive producer Arka Sengupta said Leonard was first contacted through their agent. They showed immediate interest, and Sengupta met with the Spurs' 2014 NBA Finals MVP to talk about how they could be involved.
"It just makes you love your job even more just the way society is today," Leonard told Undefeated.
jjakle@express-news.net
While no single factor is responsible for the recent, dramatic increases in overweight and obesity, a scientific consensus has emerged suggesting that consumption of sugar-sweetened products, especially beverages, is casually linked to increases in risk of chronic, debilitating diseases including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and stroke. One approach that might be beneficial would be to replace sugar-sweetened items with products manufactured with artificial sweeteners that provide sweet tastes but with fewer calories. Unfortunately, evidence now indicates that artificial sweeteners are also associated with increased risk of the same chronic diseases linked to sugar consumption. Several biologically plausible mechanisms may explain these counterintuitive negative associations. For example, artificial sweeteners can interfere with basic learning processes that serve to anticipate the normal consequences of consuming sugars, leading to overeating, diminished release of hormones such as GLP-1, and impaired blood glucose regulation. In addition, artificial sweeteners can alter gut microbiota in rodent models and humans, which can also contribute to impaired glucose regulation. Use of artificial sweeteners may also be particularly problematic in children since exposure to hyper-sweetened foods and beverages at young ages may have effects on sweet preferences that persist into adulthood. Taken as a whole, current evidence suggests that a focus on reducing sweetener intake, whether the sweeteners are caloric or non-caloric, remains a better strategy for combating overweight and obesity than use of artificial sweeteners.
Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
“[A] fiercely intelligent sophomore album.”“Ought to make indie rock that sounds like how urbanity makes you feel: nervous, antsy, sometimes hostile, yet intoxicatingly vibrant. And Darcy, likewise, gesticulates like a dutiful office drone who's played by the rules their whole life but just can't take it anymore. Ought's 2014 debut More Than Any Other Day, was an album of slowly unfurled epiphanies, stoking simmering tension into fiery, exultant release. This sort of affirming moments are a little harder to come by on the more chaotic and caustic Sun Coming Down, but the album's relentless drive and uncompromising attitude constitute their own special kind of thrill. If More Than Any Other Day was about the hard-fought, triumphant ascent, Sun Coming Down is the giddy, daredevil "wheeeeee!" down the other side of the peak.”“There's an overwhelming, all-pervading anxiety to Ought… [a] deeply impressive second album. Play this music loud enough, and it can have an almost physical effect, making jaws clench and tendons go taut. That stress-ball intensity was also there on the band's debut, last year's More Than Any Other Day. But Sun Coming Down builds on that feeling, showing us a band refining its attack in ways that bands ideally should do on their sophomore albums. Sun Coming Down isn't some great leap beyond the last album — an album that, after all, is still less than a year and a half old. But it's sharper and more focused, and also grander and more expansive.”“Sun Coming Down is the very worthy child of More Than Any Other Day. Ought's brand of schizophrenic, paranoid, patchwork songwriting could well make for an uneasy listen, but with every passage of brutal sonic assault they offer a warm bed of AM hooks, balancing every handful of poison with a batch of antidote. There's a marked step forward in the deceptive depth of Sun Coming Down, and Ought perhaps trade in some of their debut longplayer's immediacy in getting it, but their wit and emotional complexity remain stronger than ever..”“It was a refreshing proposition to discover that Constellation Records were releasing a post-punk album full of spiky rhythms and choppy riffs. It was even more pleasing when 2014's More Than Any Other Day also proved to be one of the best debut albums released that year. The sound of Sun Coming Down is even more economical than their debut. Ought to ramble and twitch with greater freedom and intensity, the overall feeling being that of a band that embraces their inherent naturalism and doesn't fastidiously agonise over retakes and overdubs. With simplicity in its sound, the brilliance of Sun Coming Down lies in the album's pacing. The natural shifting of tempos within and between tracks keeps the record feeling strikingly vital. Sun Coming Down offers plenty of what made More Than Any Other Day so compelling: the terse guitar work; the laconic vocal delivery; the simplicity of sound and style. Ought to combine this with added emotional depth. There are no tricks on show here, the sound is refreshingly clean, the ethos is admirably simple, embracing the DIY punk spirit and spitting out a beautiful record that will also fill that Sonic Youth-shaped hole in your life.”
3D Signatures Inc. TSX-V: DXD is a personalized medicine company with an entirely new class of biomarker for diagnosis, assessment and monitoring of major diseases, namely Cancer and Alzheimerâ€™s Disease. The Companyâ€™s precision clinical tests are powered by a proprietary software platform that can measure the stage of disease, rate of progression of disease, drug efficacy, and drug toxicity, all based on the analysis of a patientâ€™s three-dimensional chromosomal signature. The technology enables the personalization of treatment for each individual patient. 3D Signaturesâ€™ patented technology is supported by 16 clinical studies on over 1,500 patients on 13 different cancers (including prostate, breast, lung and multiple myeloma), and Alzheimerâ€™s disease.
Below are links to their most recent news releases:
3D Signatures Inc. introduces business advisory board and celebrates recent listing by opening TSX exchange on Nov. 2, 2016.
3D Signatures Inc. appoints Jason Flowerday as new CEO
Letter to Shareholders
Major Clinical Trial
For more information, visit the Companyâ€™s new website at 3D Signatures or contact Hugh Rogers, VP Corporate Finance; (604-250-6162) investors@3dsignatures.com
3D Signatures are sponsoring this pool in the spirit of Men's Health and Movember, a movement dedicated to aiding those whose lives have been drastically altered by prostate cancer. Join the spirit and enjoy the pool!
Rules:
3D Signatures Inc. TSX-V: DXD as the Title Sponsor of this pool is a default pick and all participants will have to pick 3D Signatures Inc. and track it's performance over the course of this pool.
Categories:
Anti-aging (2 Picks / 10 Trades)
Biotechnology (2 Picks / 10 Trades)
Medical Marijuana (2 Picks / 10 Trades)
Nutraceuticals (2 Picks / 10 Trades)
Pharmaceuticals. (2 Picks / 10 Trades)
WildCard Pick ( Pick any 1 Company on any North American Exchange trading over $0.50)
Click here to claim your prize!
Image copyright Thinkstock
Radical changes to the way the NHS in England is organised have been "disastrous" and "distracted" from patient care, leading analysts say.
The evaluation by the King's Fund think tank says the coalition government's changes had wasted three years, failed patients, caused financial distress and left a strategic vacuum.
Labour has called for a personal apology from David Cameron.
But Labour itself is accused of "crying wolf" over privatisation.
The government said the report showed its plans for the future were right.
The behind-the-scenes changes may not have been immediately apparent to patients in GP surgeries.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Chris Ham, chief executive of the King's Fund: "If the government hadn't pursued misguided reforms... we believe the NHS would be in better shape"
But they were described by NHS leaders as "so big you could see them from space".
The changes, which came into force in 2013, abolished large numbers of NHS organisations.
Purse strings
The aim was to shift the balance of power in the NHS to give GPs more say over the way budgets were spent.
It provoked uproar in sections of the medical profession, in part over the role of potential privatisation of some services.
King's Fund chief executive Chris Ham told the BBC: "People in the NHS focused on rearranging the deckchairs rather than the core business of improving patient care.
"That's contributed to the increasing waiting times and declining performance that patients are experiencing."
They described the reforms as simply "disastrous" and said that only in the past two years had the government got its focus right.
However Andrew Lansley, who was the health secretary behind the changes, said patient care had been improved, and patients "will continue to see the results" of the reforms.
'Bewildering'
During the reorganisation, all 151 primary care trusts - which provided services such as hospitals, dentists and opticians - and the 10 regional strategic health authorities were abolished.
New bodies called clinical commissioning groups were set up locally.
The report says: "A set of policies designed to streamline and simplify the organisation of the NHS ended up having the opposite effect."
It adds that the system is "bewildering in its complexity" and has left a "strategic vacuum" in some areas.
The King's Fund says that in the past two years, the focus has rightly shifted to improving patient safety and quality of care as well as treating more people at home rather than in hospital.
In a warning ahead of the election campaign the report said: "If there is one clear message from the experience of the past five years, it is that politicians of all parties should be wary of ever again embarking on top-down restructuring of the NHS."
There was also criticism of Labour, who, the King's Fund says, is "crying wolf" with "ill-founded" claims about the NHS being privatised.
Image copyright SPL
Labour leader Ed Miliband said: "So now we know that every time patients wait longer for their test results, longer in A&E, longer to get an operation, the responsibility goes direct to David Cameron's door.
"And today they should personally apologise to the British people for having betrayed their trust, let them down and damaged our National Health Service."
A spokesperson for Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said: "We welcome the King's Fund's recognition that the government's focus on patient safety and integrated care is right for the NHS's future.
"This independent assessment also puts paid to Ed Miliband's myth that the reforms were about privatisation, and highlights why both the public and the health sector should be wary of Labour's plans for upheaval and reorganisation."
Chaos
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association (BMA) said the changes were "opposed by patients, the public and NHS staff, but politicians pushed through the changes regardless".
They added: "This report highlights the damage that has been done to the health service and the major shortcomings of the Act, which distracted attention from rising pressure on services and cost billions to introduce.
"The damage done to the NHS has been profound and intense, but what is needed now is an honest and frank debate over how we can put right what has gone wrong without the need for another unnecessary and costly top-down reorganisation."
But Mr Lansley said: "The report is silent on the question of whether patient care has been improved, on which the evidence is clear.
"The NHS is now judged to be the best health service in the world. The number of administrators has fallen, doctors and nurses have risen, productivity has gone up, and waste has been cut by over £5bn a year.
"Public sector reform has never been a popularity contest, but these reforms will last."
Neoconservatism, variant of the political ideology of conservatism that combines features of traditional conservatism with political individualism and a qualified endorsement of free markets. Neoconservatism arose in the United States in the 1970s among intellectuals who shared a dislike of communism and a disdain for the counterculture of the 1960s, especially its political radicalism and its animus against authority, custom, and tradition.
Intellectual influences Among their intellectual ancestors neoconservatives count the ancient Greek historian Thucydides for their unblinking realism in military matters and their skepticism toward democracy, as well as Alexis de Tocqueville, the French author of Democracy in America (1835–40), who described and analyzed both the bright and the bad sides of democracy in the United States. More recent influences include the German-born American political philosopher Leo Strauss and several of their students, such as Allan Bloom; Bloom's student Francis Fukuyama; and a small band of intellectuals who in their youth were anti-Stalinist communists (specifically Trotskyites) before becoming liberals disillusioned with liberalism. The latter include Irving Kristol, Nathan Glazer, and Norman Podhoretz, among others.
Culture and religion In its respect for established institutions and practices, neoconservatism resembles the traditional conservatism of the 18th-century Irish statesman Edmund Burke. Neoconservatives, however, tend to pay more attention than traditional conservatives to cultural matters and the mass media—to music, art, literature, theatre, film, and, more recently, television and the Internet—because they believe that a society defines itself and expresses its values through these means. Western (and particularly American) society, they charge, has become amoral, adrift, and degenerate. As evidence of the moral corruption of Western culture, they cite violent and sexually explicit films, television programs, and video games, and they point to popular music that is rife with obscenities that have lost their capacity to shock and disgust. Actions once regarded as shameful are now accepted as normal. For example, most people in the West now consider it perfectly acceptable for unmarried men and women to live together and even to have children. These phenomena amount to “defining deviancy down,” as the neoconservative sociologist and U.S. senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan once charged. Such degenerate behaviour, say neoconservatives, indicates a broader and deeper cultural crisis afflicting Western civilization. The American political scientist James Q. Wilson, for example, traced the crisis to the 18th-century European Enlightenment, which encouraged people to question established authority, to criticize religion, and to reject traditional beliefs. Other neoconservatives blame the “adversarial” counterculture of the 1960s, which dismissed traditional values and religion as old-fashioned, irrelevant, or even reactionary. Whatever its source, neoconservatives maintain that this degeneration represents a real and present danger to Western civilization. Neoconservatives agree with religious conservatives that the current crisis is due in part to the declining influence of religion in people's lives. People without a sense of something larger than themselves, something transcendent and eternal, are apt to turn to mindless entertainment—including drugs and alcohol—and to act selfishly and irresponsibly. Religion at its best is a kind of social cement, holding families, communities, and countries together. At its worst, however, religion can be fanatical, intolerant, and divisive, tearing communities apart instead of uniting them. Most neoconservatives thus believe that the principle of the separation of church and state, as enshrined in the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, is a good idea. They also believe, however, that it has been pursued to extremes by adherents of modern liberalism, who are bent on banishing religion from public life, resulting in a backlash from religious-right conservatives. Neoconservatives also hold that the modern liberal ideal of cultural diversity, or multiculturalism—the principle of not only tolerating but also respecting different religions and cultures and encouraging them to coexist harmoniously—tends to undermine the traditional culture of any country that tries to put it into practice. It also encourages the excesses of “political correctness”—that is, an overly acute sensitivity to offending people of other backgrounds, outlooks, and cultures. These trends, they believe, are likely to produce a conservative backlash, such as those that took place in Denmark and the Netherlands, where anti-immigrant political parties became increasingly popular in the 1990s and early 2000s.
Economic and social policy In economics, neoconservatives believe that markets are an efficient means of allocating goods and services. They are not, however, wholehearted advocates of free-market capitalism. As Kristol remarked, capitalism deserves two cheers, not three, because its innovative character produces almost-constant social upheavals and disruptions. Moreover, as the neoconservative sociologist Daniel Bell argued, capitalism harbours various “cultural contradictions” that undermine its own social and ethical foundations. Capitalism presupposes a willingness to save, to invest, and to defer gratification; at the same time, through advertising and marketing techniques, it encourages people to indulge themselves, to live on credit, and to pay little heed to the farther future. Unregulated capitalism, moreover, creates great wealth alongside dire poverty; it richly rewards some people while leaving others behind. And since great disparities of wealth make the wealthy contemptuous of the poor and the poor envious of the rich, capitalism can create conditions that cause class conflict, labour unrest, and political instability. To reduce, though certainly not to eliminate, such disparities, neoconservatives support the graduated income tax, the inheritance tax, the modern welfare state, and other means by which a social “safety net” might be placed underneath society's less-fortunate members. At the same time, however, neoconservatives warn that well-intentioned government programs can produce unintended and unfortunate consequences for the people they are meant to help. More particularly, neoconservatives argue that social welfare programs can and often do create dependency and undermine individual initiative, ambition, and responsibility. Such programs should therefore aim to provide only temporary or short-term assistance. Nor should the goal of social programs and tax policy be to level the differences between individuals and classes. Neoconservatives claim to favour equality of opportunity, not equality of outcome. While favouring the existence of the welfare state, they also believe that it should be scaled back, because it has become, in their view, too large, too bureaucratic and unwieldy, and too generous. In the mid-1990s, neoconservatives approved of “workfare” programs designed to move people off the welfare rolls and into the workforce. In domestic policy theirs has been an insistent and influential voice.
Pharmac is considering whether to help cut the cost of tampons and pads.
Photo: 123RF
The government funding agency has received an application for it to subsidise sanitary products and hopes to report back shortly.
Campaigners have been lobbying for greater access to the items since reports last year of women not being able to afford them and having to use rags or newspaper instead.
Pharmac's chief executive, Steffan Crausaz, said a private citizen, who they won't name, contacted them about the matter late last year.
"It's the first time, as far as I can tell, that we've had an application like this."
Mr Crausaz said Pharmac was now seeking advice on whether sanitary products fall within the boundaries of items it's allowed to fund.
Photo: ( RNZ / Karen Brown )
"Pharmac's role and what we're funded for is to look at medicines and therapeutic medical devices. So the first step is really to determine whether it falls within that boundary."
They said the agency does have some scope.
"Usually what we would do is look towards products that are regulated by Medsafe ... We can go further than that for certain items. So, for example, we have funded sunscreen for particular situations."
Mr Crausaz said it was far too early to say how Pharmac could go about funding feminine hygiene products.
Darryl Evans, from the Māngere Budgeting Service in Auckland, said they hoped Pharmac would help ease the burden for those in need.
They said the cost of these products was a major problem for many women.
"I can think of one particular family where currently there are three teenage girls in the one home. So if you then include the mother, there's a fairly substantial amount of money going on women's product."
Mr Evans said some women "literally are using rags, old clothing or tea towels."
The Salvation Army helped launch a campaign last year, alongside the Countdown supermarket chain, calling for donations of sanitary products for vulnerable young women.
The charity's head of social services, Pam Waugh, said Pharmac had an opportunity to improve the lives of the next generation of girls.
"Especially for young people, children at school. The young girls are getting to that stage of life and some of them are missing school, because their families can't afford to buy sanitary products.
"We know the stories of women having to wash sanitary pads and then reuse them, which is quite unhygienic and also quite degrading in a sense ... We're hearing of women getting infections."
They said anything to help bring down the cost would be a real blessing.
"It would be great to see purchases sit around the $2 or $3 mark rather than up at the $6 or $7."
Labour MP Louisa Wall was also at last year's campaign launch.
Ms Wall described the matter as a "quiet epidemic".
"It's quite alarming to think that this type of need exists in this country, but the reality is it does and we need to do something about it."
Both the Health Minister, Jonathan Coleman, and the Minister for Women, Paula Bennett, declined to be interviewed.
Legends of Tomorrow has often interpreted members of the ever-growing slate of Arrowverse characters in new, unique ways. In the show's run, fans have been treated to an ominous message from an older Barry Allen (Grant Gustin), as well as Stephen Amell's portrayal of 'Old Man' Oliver Queen.
And now, it sounds like viewers will be treated to yet another unique interpretation of an Arrowverse character on Legends of Tomorrow. As one of the show's executive producers, Marc Guggenheim, revealed on Entertainment Weekly Radio's Superhero Insider, this special appearance will occur in the sixteenth episode of Legends' sophomore season.
“In the penultimate episode we're gonna have - I can't be specific about this, but it's one of the most fun things I think we've ever done on the show - a character from one of the other shows on Legends in a way that you've never seen before." While Guggenheim is remaining silent on whom this mystery appearance will be, they hinted that the version of the character you see on Legends might be a one-off appearance. "You may never see [that version of the character] again. But [it] will, I think, just send fans into squeals of joy.”
This tease might leave fans with way more questions than answers, much like the equally mysterious unveiling of Rex Tyler/Hourman in Legends' season one finale. There is a chance that this interpretation of the character could be from an alternate timeline, much like Old Man Oliver was in the episode 'Star City 2046.' While the Legends have spent the season chasing after time abberations, they by no means have fully mastered the art of time travel, and could end up sending the Waverider into a new timeline.
When did the American empire start to decline?
Today is the 21st anniversary of a key date in world history. On this date in 1990, Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait, setting in motion a train of events that would have fateful consequences for Saddam himself, but also for the United States. Indeed, one could argue that this invasion was the first step in a train of events that did enormous damage to the United States and its position in the world.
Of course, we all know what happened in the first Gulf War. After a brief period of vacillation (and a vigorous public debate on different options), the first Bush administration assembled a large and diverse international coalition and quickly mobilized an impressive array of military power (most of it American). It got approval from the U.N. Security Council for the use of force. Although a number of prominent hawks predicted that the war would be long and bloody, the U.S.-led coalition routed the third-rate Iraqi forces and destroyed much of Saddam's military machine. We then imposed an intrusive sanctions regime that dismantled Iraqi's WMD programs and left it a hollow shell. Despite hard-line pressure to "go to Baghdad," Bush & Co. wisely chose not to occupy the country. They understood what Bush's son did not: Trying to occupy and reorder the politics of a deeply divided Arab country is a fool's errand.
Unfortunately, the smashing victory in the first Gulf War also set in train an unfortunate series of subsequent events. For starters, Saddam Hussein was now firmly identified as the World's Worst Human Being, even though the United States had been happy to back them during the Iran-Iraq War in the 1980s. More importantly, the war left the United States committed to enforcing "no-fly zones" in northern and southern Iraq.
But even worse, the Clinton administration entered office in 1993 and proceeded to adopt a strategy of "dual containment." Until that moment, the United States had acted as an "offshore balancer" in the Persian Gulf, and we had carefully refrained from deploying large air or ground force units there on a permanent basis. We had backed the Shah of Iran since the 1940s, and then switched sides and tilted toward Iraq during the 1980s. Our goal was to prevent any single power from dominating this oil-rich region, and we cleverly played competing powers off against each other for several decades.
With dual containment, however, the United States had committed itself to containing two different countries — Iran and Iraq — who hated each other, which in turn forced us to keep lots of airplanes and troops in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. We did this, as both Kenneth Pollack and Trita Parsi have documented, because Israel wanted us to do it, and U.S. officials foolishly believed that doing so would make Israel more compliant during the Oslo peace process. But in addition to costing a lot more money, keeping U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia for the long term also fueled the rise of al Qaeda. Osama bin Laden was deeply offended by the presence of "infidel" troops on Saudi territory, and so the foolish strategy of dual containment played no small role in causing our terrorism problem. It also helped derail several attempts to improve relations between the United States and Iran. Dual containment, in short, was a colossal blunder.
But no strategy is so bad that somebody else can't make it worse. And that is precisely what George W. Bush did after 9/11. Under the influence of neoconservatives who had opposed dual containment because they thought it didn't go far enough, Bush adopted a new strategy of "regional transformation." Instead of preserving a regional balance of power, or containing Iraq and Iran simultaneously, the United States was now going to use its military power to topple regimes across the Middle East and turn those countries into pro-American democracies. This was social engineering on a scale never seen before. The American public and the Congress were unenthusiastic, if not suspicious, about this grand enterprise, which forced the Bush administration to wage a massive deception campaign to get them on board for what was supposed to be the first step in this wildly ambitious scheme. The chicanery worked, and the United States launched its unnecessary war on Iraq in March 2003.
Not only did "Mission Accomplished" soon become a costly quagmire, but wrecking Iraq — which is what we did — destroyed the balance of power in the Gulf and improved Iran's geopolitical position. The invasion of Iraq also diverted resources away from the war in Afghanistan, which allowed the Taliban to re-emerge as a formidable fighting force. Thus, Bush's decision to topple Saddam in 2003 led directly to two losing wars, not just one. And these wars were enormously expensive to boot. Combined with Bush's tax cuts and other fiscal irresponsibilities, this strategic incompetence caused the federal deficit to balloon to dangerous levels and helped bring about the fiscal impasse that we will be dealing with for years to come.
Obviously, none of these outcomes were inevitable back in 1990. Had cooler heads and smarter strategists been in charge after the first Gulf War, we might have taken advantage of that victory to foster a more secure and stable order throughout the Middle East. In particular, we would have pulled our military forces out of the region and gone back to offshore balancing. After all, Saddam's decision to invade Kuwait in 1990 did not force the United States to choose "dual containment." Nor did it make it inevitable that we would bungle the Oslo peace process, pay insufficient attention to al Qaeda's intentions, or drink the neocons' Kool-Aid and gallop off on their foolish misadventure in Iraq. But when future historians search for the moment when the "American Empire" reached its pinnacle and began its descent, the war that began 21 years ago would be a good place to start.
As kids, most of us have dreamed of having a treehouse as a haven – a secret place where we could establish a top-secret clubhouse away from our pesky parents. Some of us still do. Interestingly, people in some countries don't see tree houses as exotic, but as every-day parts of their lives. In New Guinea, for example, the Korowai people live in treehouse buildings permanently. The raised homes help protect their food and belongings from animals and floods by keeping everything above ground level.
Luckily, the treehouses for kids and adult alike have become more than just fairytale-like hideouts or an exotic living places in far-away lands. For those who seek to realize some of their greatest childhood dreams and are looking for a unique way to recharge and relax, architects and designers now offer some unbelievable treehouse hotels for holidays. These have long outgrown the tradition wooden cabin concept, featuring multiple floors or even glass and mirror elements.
Would you choose to spend a holiday or have a retreat up in one of these cool tree houses? Let us know which treehouse ideas are your favorite in the comments!
1. Three Story Treehouse (British Columbia, Canada)
Why have a single-story tree house, if you can have three? This one is said to be the tallest tree house in British Columbia, Canada. You can find it somewhere near Revelstoke. (Image credits: imgur.com)
2. Mirror Tree House (Sweden)
Almost invisible and perfect for hiding, the Mirror House is part of the Tree Hotel project in the North of Sweden. As cool as it looks, we're afraid the house may be invisible to birds. (Designed by: Tham & Videgard)
3. The Bird's Nest Tree House (Sweden)
This tree house, by the creators of the Tree Hotel, might confuse the birds even more. Although it looks like a massive nest from the outside, the house has a modern and high-standard room built inside. (Designed by: inredningsgruppen.se)
4. The HemLoft Treehouse (Whistler, Canada)
After retiring at the age of 26, software developer Joel Allen became a carpenter and fulfilled their dream of “building something cool”. Kind of an understatement. They never thought this personal project would be featured in international design magazines! (Image credits: Joel Allen)
5. Treehouse in Muskoka (Ontario, Canada)
Designed by Lukasz Kos, 4Treehouse is constructed around four trees over Lake Muskoka in Ontario, Canada, and floats in the air like a big Japanese lantern on stilts. (Image credits: imgur.com)
6. Minister's Treehouse (Crossville, Tennessee, USA)
This grandiose 100-foot-tall structure is said to be the tallest tree house in world, and was built entirely out of reclaimed wood by Horace Burgess in Crossville, Tennessee. (Image credits: imgur.com)
7. Yellow Treehouse Restaurant
This restaurant in Auckland, New Zealand, offers you an amazing dining experience: the restaurant seems to be organically wrapped around the tree and is able to host up to 18 guests at a time. (Designed by: Peter Eising & Lucy Gauntlett)
8. Treehouse in Seattle (USA)
As if tree houses are not fairy tale-ish enough by themselves, this one even has a rope bridge leading to its doorstep! (Image credits: jasfitz)
9. Free Spirit Sphere Treehouses (Canada)
Built with vision and engineering, these handcrafted spheres are suspended like pendants from a web of rope. They occupy a truly unique place in the world and provide a habitat for the un-tamed spirit that exists in us all. (Image credits: freespiritspheres.com)
10. Treehouse by Takashi Kobayashi (Japan)
Designed by Takashi Kobayashi, the Tree House People seek to “break down the feeling of separation that exists between humans and nature.” (Designed by: Takashi Kobayashi)
11. Senior Center Turned Treehouse (Ghent, Belgium)
This sculptural tree house in Belgium was made for the art festival TRACK: A Contemporary City Conversion, and is a miniature version of the houses behind it. (Designed by: Benjamin Verdonck)
12. O2 Treehouse (USA)
The O2 Treehouse seeks to “inspire humanity to reconsider how we can more harmlessly co-exist with nature” by creating world-wide tree house communities. (Designed by: o2treehouse.com)
13. Treehouse for Birds and People (Andu Momofuku Centre, Japan)
A modern tree house concept by Nendo offers you the possibility to peek into the private life of birds. Divided into two parts by a wall with little peek holes, it allows people to see what the birds are doing on the other side of their wall. (Designed by: nendo)
14. Eco-friendly Finca Bellavista Treehouse (Costa Rica)
This tree house is a part of the self-sustainable and eco-friendly Finca Bellavista tree house community in Costa Rica. The whole property of the community now takes up more than 600 acres, and is all connected by suspension bridges! (Image credits: Anders Birch)
15. Plane Treehouse (Costa Rica)
While not entirely a treehouse, this vintage Boeing 727 was originally bought by Joanne Ussary for $2,000.00. It cost them $4,000.00 to move the plane and $24,000.00 to renovate an turn it into this Executive Suite 727 tree house. A jacuzzi in the cockpit is just one of the intriguing ideas they had for their new home! (read more)
16. Teahouse Tetsu (Yamanashi, Japan)
Architect Terunobu Fujimori‘s treehouse combines both minimalism and fantasy. While the interior is simple and modern, the exterior looks like a page from a fairy tale. (Image credits: Amazon.com)
17. UFO Treehouse (Sweden)
The Swedish Tree Hotel decided to go a totally different direction after building a Bird Nest tree house and built this UFO treehouse. (Image credits: treehotel.se)
One of the most prominent and popular African-American superheroes, STEEL will be making their debut into the world of DC COMICS-THE NEW 52 on December 7. Equal parts Superman and folk legend John Henry (to whom the name of their alter ego, John Henry Irons, is an homage), Steel will appear in ACTION COMICS #4 – written by critically acclaimed, bestselling author Grant Morrison and illustrated by Rags Morales. When Terminauts threaten to lay waste to Metropolis in search of Superman, it falls to Steel to come to the aid of the beleaguered hero – and the Man of Steel will sure need the help of this steel-drivin' man. But their team-up isn't all we'll get from Steel in this issue. ACTION COMICS #4 also features a special backup story written by Sholly Fisch and drawn by Brad Walker. The eight-page story continues the action of ACTION, showcasing a heavy metal battle between Steel and Metal-zero. Debuting in ACTION COMICS #4, Steel will return for ACTION COMICS #7, where they will star in another backup by Fisch and Walker. [gallery link="file" order="DESC"]
All three parties in the legislature put aside partisan differences this week to honour the province's Muslim community — but not before a bit of partisan jockeying got in the way.
Islamic Heritage Month bill gets unanimous consent, eventually
After three attempts last week, the New Democrats achieved the unanimous consent they'd been seeking to have the legislature declare October Islamic Heritage Month. NDP leader Andrea Horwath announced Thursday their party had secured the approval of the Liberals by having the bill re-introduced by London-Fanshawe MPP Teresa Armstong — this time with a Liberal and PC co-sponsor. (MPPs Shafiq Qaadri and Raymond Cho, respectively.)
“They would have preferred, rather than us having passage of the bill ourselves, they wanted to be named as co-sponsors,” Horwath said. “The Conservatives were happy to move forward with it, but the Liberals were concerned that they weren't named on the bill.”
The Islamic Heritage Month Act passed speedily through second and third reading on Thursday morning.
The Liberals denied that they had obstructed the bill's passage simply to ensure they could share the credit, with House Leader Yasir Naqvi saying the NDP were “playing politics” with their faith.
Tories say Ontario Lottery and Gaming “wasted” $308 million
The Tories charged the government had “wasted” $308 million on changes at Ontario Lottery and Gaming, which oversees gambling in the province. The agency has been working on “modernizing” its operations since 2012, when then-premier Dalton McGuinty was looking for ways to boost revenue for the government without raising taxes.
“After more than two years, the government abandoned their plans to modernize OLG, but not before sticking the Ontario taxpayers with another hefty bill,” said PC finance critic and Nipissing MPP Vic Fedeli.
OLG announced last month it was abandoning efforts to find a privately-owned firm to take over lottery operations, but the move to privatize the casino operations — already happening in eastern Ontario — is continuing, as is an expansion of online gambling.
Changes coming for doctors and teachers
Education and health care are the government's two biggest budget items, and this week saw changes proposed for both. The Liberals introduced Bill 37, the Protecting Students Act, which would strengthen the disciplinary process for teachers accused of abusing their students. Bill 37 would also impose new and harsher penalties for anyone found to have sexually abused a student or having committed a “prohibited act involving child pornography.” The administrative penalties for teachers are separate from any civil or criminal penalties they might face.
Minister of Health and Long-Term Care Eric Hoskins also introduced the Bill 41, the Patients First Act. Bill 41 (like Bill 37) was originally introduced in the spring sitting, before the legislature was prorogued. It would abolish Community Care Access Centres and give their responsibilities to Local Health Integration Networks, with the intent of streamlining the health care bureaucracy. (CCACs currently coordinate home and community care services such as nursing and physiotherapy; LHINs run the province's hospitals.) The law would also health care professionals to share information amongst each other more easily, so a patient won't need to repeat their medical history as they see multiple specialists.
Doctors are wary of Bill 41, however. The Ontario Medical Association says it “provides sweeping powers for the Minister of Health and LHIN CEOs to impose decisions on local patient care.” In June, when the bill was first introduced, the group Concerned Ontario Doctors said the bill risked setting medical practices by “popular votes or arbitrary budgetary constraints” instead of science.
Public Accounts released late — and with a deficit disagreement
Treasury Board President Liz Sandals released the public accounts for the 2015-16 fiscal year — the detailed statements of what the government spent where. There were, however, a few hiccups. The Liberals missed the deadline set out in provincial law for making the books public due to a disagreement with Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to account for surplus payments to public pension funds. The government says they've historically been considered assets, meaning they can be counted against the government's “net debt.” The auditor general says that practice needs to stop since the government doesn't have access to the money once it's in a public pension fund.
The end result: two competing estimates of the government's debt and deficit were released this week. The government put the province's 2015-16 deficit at $3.5 billion, while the auditor general says it was $5 billion. Even Lysyk's accounting shows a deficit $700 million lower than the most recent projections. By Thursday, in order to meet their legal requirement to produce the public accounts, the government had provisionally agreed to file the accounts with the auditor general's preferred numbers and has booted the whole dispute to the Public Sector Accounting Board righto settle on a final number.
Cabinet makes peace with the financial accountability officer
As the government had a public fight with one accountability officer, they ended another. Premier Kathleen Wynne signed an order-in-council requiring government ministries to comply with requests for information by the Financial Accountability Officer Stephen LeClair. They had complained earlier this year that ministries were stonewalling their requests for documents, which they said was likely the result of “political direction.”
The order-in-council requires staff to provide the FAO with any documents the office requests as long as cabinet has made and announced a decision on the matter in question, even if the issue might come back for debate again in the future.
LeClair was very pleased with the announcement, saying the move will make their work substantially easier and improve the public's access to their office's analysis, since he'll no longer have to spend weeks and months fighting ministry staff for the information they need.
The one drawback to an order-in-council is that it could be reversed by a successor government. The Ministry of Finance would not say this week whether it would look to strengthen the order-in-council with changes to the financial accountability officer's legislation.
Question period
The Treasury Board's failure to table the public accounts on time — and the ensuing public argument with the auditor general — added some variety to question period, as the government continued to deal with the perennial topics of energy prices, the sale of Hydro One and services for people with disabilities.
PC treasury board critic and Nepean-Carleton MPP Lisa MacLeod accused the government of trying to “bully” Lysyk into changing their numbers and called on the government to accept the AG's numbers unconditionally.
NDP finance critic and Kitchener-Waterloo MPP Catherine Fife noted that, in the unaudited numbers the government presented early in the week, several agencies were simply missing.
The PC representative for Elgin-Middlesex-London, Jeff Yurek, also asked about expenditures under the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry's “special purpose account” — which is intended to fund programs for anglers and hunters, but has instead apparently been spending money on housing and psychologists.
Bills and motions
The following government bills were debated:
Bill 2, Election Finances Statute Law Amendment Act: The government's bill to reform election campaign fundraising would impose stricter limits on raising money as well as regulate third-party advertisers. It passed second reading 51-40 and has been sent to committee.
Bill 7, Promoting Affordable Housing Act: This bill would make a number of changes to the province's land-use planning rules as well as the rules for tenants and landlords with the overall goal of increasing the supply of affordable housing. It's at second reading.
Bill 27, Burden Reduction Act: This wide-ranging bill has 17 different sections aimed at streamlining regulations of companies and courts, as part of the government's goal to make it easier to do business in Ontario. Some laws would be repealed outright, and the government would allow more convenient forms of communication (such as phone or email) for some purposes. It's at the second reading stage.
Bill 28, All Families Are Equal Act: This bill changes the rules dictating who may and may not be listed as a child's parent on provincial documents, allowing LGBT couples who use assisted reproductive methods to give birth the same rights as heterosexual couples who have children. It is at the second reading stage.
The New Democrats had an opposition day this week, in which they called on the government to halt the sale of shares in Hydro One as well as the privatization of municipal electricity utilities such as Toronto Hydro. The motion was defeated 15-57 with both Progressive Conservatives and Liberals voting against.
The following private member's business was debated on Thursday:
A motion from Bob Delaney (Liberal, Mississauga-Streetsville) called on the government to work with municipalities to ensure drinking water is fluoridated “so that all Ontarians, to the fullest extent practicable, are protected with municipal drinking water fluoridation.” The non-binding motion passed on a voice vote.
Bill 17, Saving the Girl Next Door Act: This bill from Laurie Scott (PC, Haliburton-Kawartha Lakes-Brock) changes existing laws to further strengthen the prohibitions on human trafficking. If passed the law would declare February 22 as Human Trafficking Awareness Day, add new legal penalties for anyone convicted of human trafficking, and add human trafficking to the charges that would require a person being listed on the sex offender registry. The bill passed on a voice vote and was sent to committee.
Bill 36, Albanian Heritage Month Act: This bill from Shafiq Qaadri (Liberal, Etobicoke North) would declare November Albanian Heritage Month. It passed on a voice vote and was sent to committee.
Queen's Park This Week is TVO.org's weekly roundup of key events at the Ontario legislature. For more coverage of provincial politics, watch TVO's archive of the most recent question periods at Queen's Park.
Ireland and Guinness have become synonymous with one another. Whether you like it or not a pint of the black stuff is as ingrained in the Irish stereotype as the shamrock.
Ireland and Guinness have become synonymous with one another. Whether you like it or not a pint of the black stuff is as ingrained in the Irish stereotype as the shamrock.
'Well there's a possibility' - Dublin could be getting a Guinness-themed hotel
That can be evidenced by the overwhelming success of the Guinness Storehouse, which pulled in one and a half million tourists last year.
The Storehouse, situated in the Liberties in the middle of Dublin city, has scooped numerous accolades both at home and abroad and has brought 200 jobs to the inner city.
Now that job count could be about to receive a major boost in the form of a new hotel.
After brewing responsibilities were moved to Heuston there are now large undeveloped swathes of Guinness' St James Gate site.
However, in an interview with the Telegraph, the Storehouse's managing director Paul Carty has hinted at the establishment of a 'Guinness-themed' hotel right alongside the tourist attraction.
“Well there's a possibility. I think there'd be a huge interest if we had a Guinness-themed hotel on the site. I don't think its beyond the realms of possibility. A Guinness-themed hotel in black and white," Mr Carty told the Telegraph.
The move could be a well timed one as Dublin continues to bemoan a lack of hotel rooms to deal with demand.
Outside of the Hotel Mr Carty tipped at further expansion of the Storehouse to showcase the company's archives.
Online Editors
Bringing “extreme” poverty to an end will not jeopardise the chances of limiting global warming to 2C above pre-industrial levels, a new study says.
Pulling the 770 million people around the world out of extreme poverty – which is defined as living on less than $1.90 a day – would add a mere 0.05C to global temperatures by 2100, the research shows.
However, eradicating poverty entirely by moving the world's poorest into a “global middle class” income group, which earns a modest $2.97-8.44 a day, could add 0.6C to global temperatures by 2100.
In order to end all forms of poverty without driving up global temperatures, world leaders will need to ramp up climate mitigation efforts by 27%, the lead author tells Carbon Brief.
‘Climate-development conflict'
Ending extreme poverty for “all people everywhere” is the first of the United Nation's Sustainable Development Goals, an internationally-agreed set of targets aimed to improve the global standard of living by 2030.
However, putting an end to extreme poverty could bring additional challenges to meeting the long-term goals of the Paris Agreement, which aims to limit global temperature rise to “well below” 2C.
This is because raising the quality of life of the world's poorest would mean using more of the planet's resources – such as food and energy – driving up carbon emissions that contribute to global warming.
This paradox is known as the “climate-development conflict”, explains Prof Klaus Hubacek, a researcher at the University of Maryland and lead author of the new research published in Nature Communications.
In their research, they aimed to quantify the total “cost”, in terms of carbon emissions, of ending extreme poverty. They tell Carbon Brief:
“Eradicating extreme poverty does not jeopardise the climate target even in the absence of climate policies and with current technologies.”
Carbon inequality
To calculate the cost of eradicating extreme poverty, the researchers first set about estimating the carbon footprints of the world's poorest and richest people.
For each carbon footprint, researchers considered both direct carbon emissions – from the consumption of food, heating and cooling of homes and the use of transport – and indirect carbon emissions – from the production of household goods and services. They then combined this with expenditure data from the World Bank's Global Consumption Database.
Food makes up the largest proportion of the carbon footprint of those living in extreme poverty, Hubacek explains:
“The food-related carbon footprint is close to 60% of the total footprint for the extreme poverty group. It's mainly food, shelter, clothes. There's nothing much left for anything else when your expenditure is $1.90 a day in purchasing power parities (PPP).”
The chart below (left) shows the respective carbon footprints of the world's rich and poor. The left column shows how the world's population can be split into different income groups, including those living on: less than $1.90 a day (green); between $1.90 and $2.97 a day (blue); between $2.97 and $8.44 (yellow); between $8.44 and $23.03 a day (purple); and more than $23.03 a day (orange). The right column shows the proportional carbon footprints of each of these income groups.
The research finds that, in 2010, the world's top 10% of earners were responsible for about 36% of global carbon emissions for the consumption of goods and services (see the orange section in each column).
In comparison, the extreme poor, which accounted for 12% of the world's population in 2010, were responsible for just 4% of global emissions (green).
The second chart (right) shows the carbon footprint per person for different income groups. Each footprint is measured using CO2e, or the carbon dioxide equivalent, which is the standard unit for measuring carbon footprints. The black line separates direct carbon emissions (lower part) and indirect carbon emissions (upper part).
The research finds that the carbon footprint of the world's average top earner is close to 14 times that of the average person living in extreme poverty.
Carbon cost of ending poverty
To calculate the total carbon cost of eradicating poverty, the researchers estimated the carbon implications of moving the population living in extreme poverty up to the next income level ($1.90-2.97 a day).
The researchers then took the additional carbon emissions that resulted from lifting people out of extreme poverty and added them to a “baseline” emissions scenario. As a baseline, the researchers used a relatively low emissions scenario known as RCP2.6, which assumes that global annual greenhouse gas emissions peak in 2020 and fall quickly afterwards.
The chart below shows how the additional carbon cost of eradicating extreme poverty could affect global surface warming by 2100. A scenario where extreme poverty is eradicated (green) is compared to the baseline scenario (yellow). Both scenarios assume that global emissions will peak in 2020.
The chart identifies present day to 2030 as a “window of opportunity” to lift the world's poorest out of extreme poverty. The year 2030 is the deadline of the SDGs.
The research finds that lifting people out of extreme poverty has a relatively small impact on global temperatures, accounting for an additional 0.05C of warming by 2100.
This means that extreme poverty could be eradicated without jeopardising long-term climate goals.
However, this is only the case if global greenhouse gas emissions peak in 2020 and then fall, Hubacek explains. If carbon emissions continue to rise past 2020, ending poverty while keeping warming to 2C will be “impossible”, they say.
Global carbon emissions are currently tracking closely to a high emissions scenario – RCP8.5.
And it may be too late to end extreme poverty and limit global warming to 1.5C, which is the aspirational goal of the Paris Agreement, they add:
“We did not investigate the 1.5C [limit] explicitly but, as it is almost impossible to achieve the 1.5C goal, removing extreme poverty would not change that challenge significantly.”
Aiming higher
Some charities have argued that eradicating extreme poverty is not ambitious enough. Instead, world leaders should seek to eradicate poverty completely.
This would mean moving the world's poorest into what may be considered the “global middle class”, an income group that earns between $2.97 and $8.44 a day. This income group is the yellow section of the first chart in this article.
The increase in carbon footprints of pulling everyone up from lower income groups into the global middle class would cause an additional 0.6C of warming by 2100, the study finds.
You can see this in the chart below. The yellow line again shows the baseline RCP2.6 scenario, and this time the green line shows the impact on global average temperature of eradicating poverty entirely. Both scenarios assume that global emissions will peak in 2020.
In order to end global poverty without causing significant additional warming, global leaders will need to ramp up climate mitigation efforts by 27%, the research finds.
To do this, countries may need to adopt negative emissions technologies on a large scale, Hubacek explains. However, many of the negative emission techniques that were once hailed as “saviour technologies” have failed to live up to expectation. They add:
“So far technology has not been able to keep up with additional emissions and our scenarios would require even more technological progress on top of what we would have otherwise.”
Instead, people in wealthier countries should consider adopting “lifestyle and behavioural changes” to reduce the size of their carbon footprints, they add, in order to offset the extra carbon cost of ending poverty.
“Given that the global elites are responsible for 36% of the current carbon emissions, a discussion on global income distribution and carbon intensive lifestyles should at least become part of the discourse of future efforts towards a low carbon society.”
Hubacek, K. et al. (2017) Poverty eradication in a carbon constrained world, Nature Communications, http://nature.com/articles/doi:10.1038/s41467-017-00919-4
ORLANDO, Fla./NEW YORK (Reuters) - Prosecutors in the George Zimmerman trial came under more scrutiny on Tuesday, threatened by a lawsuit from a witness while Attorney General Eric Holder renewed hints the federal government may pick up where the Florida prosecution failed.
Zimmerman, 29, remained in hiding on Tuesday after a jury of six anonymous women on Saturday found them not guilty of second-degree murder and manslaughter, ending a Florida state prosecution of a case that has captivated and polarized the U.S. public on issues of race, gun and self-defense laws.
A former employee at the Florida State Attorney office is preparing a whistleblower lawsuit against Zimmerman's prosecutors after testifying that they failed to turn over evidence they obtained from Martin's cell phone to the defense, their attorney told Reuters.
The shooting in the central Florida town of Sanford on February 26, 2012, prompted street demonstrations last year when police initially declined to arrest Zimmerman, and the verdict provoked renewed marches from critics saying Zimmerman racially profiled Martin as a criminal.
Zimmerman's defense team have complained repeatedly that race was wrongly injected into the case and that Zimmerman acted in self-defense, accusing civil rights leaders of inflaming racial passions with their calls for a federal investigation of Zimmerman on civil rights grounds.
In California, police and civic leaders braced for further unrest while appealing for calm on Tuesday after nearly two dozen protesters in Los Angeles and Oakland were arrested during a second night of civil disturbances sparked by the not-guilty verdict.
One of the six jurors, identified only as juror number B-37, told CNN on Monday they did not think Zimmerman racially profiled Martin and believed Martin attacked Zimmerman first. The entire panel - five white women and one Hispanic woman - believed race played no role in the case, they said.
Juror B-37's interview with CNN, them faced blacked out in silhouette, prompted extreme reactions including death threats on social media.
Holder, the chief U.S. prosecutor and an appointee of President Barack Obama, told the annual convention of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in Orlando on Tuesday that their office would continue its investigation of the case, which could possibly lead to federal charges against Zimmerman.
“I,” they said emphatically, “am concerned about this case.”
People attend a vigil for slain youth Trayvon Martin, as well as to protest the acquittal of George Zimmerman for the shooting death of Martin in Florida last year, in the Harlem area of New York, July 16, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Holder called for a review of self-defense laws like the one in Florida that appeared to play a role in their acquittal. According to the jury's instructions, Zimmerman had “no duty to retreat and had the right to stand their ground and meet force with force” if they reasonably feared for their life or great bodily harm.
Holder, who is black, also related personal stories about being racially profiled as a young adult and stopped by police.
“Trayvon's death last spring caused me to sit down and have a conversation with my own 15-year-old son, like my dad did with me,” Holder said. “This was a father-son tradition I hoped would not need to be handed down.”
MORE PROTESTS PLANNED
Civil rights leader Al Sharpton called a “Justice for Trayvon Day,” planning a further 100 demonstrations in 100 cities on Saturday.
“People from all over the country will gather to show that we are not having a two- or three-day anger fit. This is a social movement for justice,” Sharpton told reporters in Washington.
Lead defense lawyer Mark O'Mara on Monday called the prosecution team a disgrace to the legal profession for holding back evidence that should have been promptly shared with the defense team.
Ben Kruidbos, a former director of information technology at State Attorney Angela Corey's Tallahassee-area prosecutor's office, is preparing a whistleblower lawsuit against the prosecutors after testifying that they failed to turn over evidence they obtained from Martin's cellphone while still employed by Corey.
“We will be filing a whistleblower action in (Florida's Fourth Judicial District) Circuit Court,” said Kruidbos' attorney Wesley White, themselves a former prosecutor who was hired by Corey but resigned in December because they disagreed with their prosecutorial priorities.
Neither Corey nor lead prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda immediately responded to requests for comment on White's charges.
A woman holds a sign during a vigil for slain youth Trayvon Martin in the Harlem area of New York, July 16, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
A spokesperson for Corey referred Reuters to Kruidbos' termination letter, previously made public, in which Corey's office accused them of hacking confidential information from state computers.
Kruidbos testified last month in a pretrial hearing that they found embarrassing photos on Martin's phone that included pictures of a clump of jewelry on a bed, underage nude females, marijuana plants and a hand holding a semiautomatic pistol.
It has long been known that, when it comes to their efforts to discredit evolution, Watchtower writers are more than willing to utilize the dark arts of misquoting to get their point across.
In June last year I published an article about how the Creation book had been found to gravely misquote Paleontologist Niles Eldredge (among others) on the subject.
Watchtower took a magazine article where Eldredge talked about disagreement between evolutionists NOT meaning that evolution itself is untrue, and edited it to make it sound like they were conceding the exact opposite point. (For a full essay debunking the Creation book, click here.)
Now it seems Watchtower's writers are at it again, this time in an anti-science issue of the Awake! magazine entitled “How Did Life Begin?”
Arguing against a false proposition
The first thing worth noticing about this magazine is the way it mis-characterizes evolution as being an attempted answer to the question of how life first started.
This is a common “straw man” argument used by proponents of creationism to attack evolution by asserting that it tries to explain how life first originated, when this is simply not the case.
Evolution is the means by which living things change and develop over millions of years by natural processes that can be studied and understood (see video below).
Abiogenesis, on the other hand, describes the process of life arising from non-living matter, and it is a different field of study entirely. There is still a great deal of doubt and uncertainty surrounding abiogenesis, but evolution ceased to be debated among credible scientists long ago.
But Watchtower wants you to think that scientists ARE still debating whether or not life evolves, which is where biologist Ram Singh enters the picture.
Manufacturing controversy where there is none
The January Awake! magazine begins with the statement: “SOME might assume that a scientifically-minded person would pick ‘evolution' and that a religious person would pick ‘creation.' But not always.”
It then quotes Singh as saying: “The opposition to evolution goes beyond religious fundamentalism and includes a great many people from educated sections of the population.”
It is thus strongly insinuated that Singh, as a “scientifically-minded person,” is opposed to evolution. But, following subsequent investigation, it has since come to light that this could not be further from the truth.
Singh was approached by Misha Anouk (author of the German-language book “Goodbye, Jehova!” and editor of JWalumni.org) in an attempt to clarify matters.
A strong rebuttal
After being straightforwardly asked whether they agree or disagrees with evolution and/or endorses the way they were quoted in the Awake! magazine, Singh had this to say:
“JW has indeed misquoted me and I do not agree with their article and its anti-evolution stand.”
So strongly were Singh's feelings on the matter that they went on to pen a 500-word open letter to the editor of the Awake! magazine demanding that their quote be retracted and an apology printed. The scathing letter, which is reproduced in full on JWalumni.org, accuses the Awake! editor of “intellectual dishonesty” by “taking half a sentence out of context from my article on evolution.”
Out of context
Indeed, Singh's original article from which the Awake! writers quoted bemoans and attempts to explain ignorance surrounding evolution. It certainly doesn't portray evolution in a negative light or try to refute it.
Here is the paragraph from which the quote was taken (full paper available here):
“The opposition to evolution goes beyond religious fundamentalism and includes a great many people from educated sections of the population, including biologists, nonbiologists, and the lay public. This essay will focus on the lack of belief in evolution in this latter group; opposition from religious fundamentalism has been covered in many places (Kitcher 1982; Futuyma 1983; Montagu 1984; Young 1985; Gould 1999; Dawkins 2006; Coyne 2009). There are several reasons why facts of evolution are not easily comprehensible by the general masses.“
I think I can safely predict that Awake! will not be publishing a retraction or issuing an apology to Mr Singh, as much as this is owed him.
Awake's deliberate attempt at deception, like so many other instances of its kind in Watchtower literature, will be concealed from the average Witness, whose only hope of uncovering it will lie in thorough, objective research on the internet, from which Witnesses are repeatedly dissuaded by their spiritual overlords.
But thanks to Singh speaking out on this matter, at least Awake! is acquiring the reputation for shoddy journalism, deceit and duplicity among the general, internet-savvy public that it richly deserves.
Further reading…
Related video…
S V Krishna Chaitanya By
CHENNAI: Within weeks after achieving landmark victory by dedicating NAVIK (Navigation by Indian Constellation) to the nation, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is on course to launch its ‘maiden' Reusable Launch Vehicle Technology Demonstrator (RLV-TD) later this month. The launch is tentatively scheduled for May 23. However, a final decision will be taken after the Mission Readiness Review (MRR) committee meets on May 11 under the chairpersonship of BN Suresh that gives technical clearance for the launch.
It is a new technology, which ISRO scientists are trying to conquer.
Speaking to Express, P Kunhikrishanan, director, Satish Dhawan Space Centre (SDSC-SHAR), Sriharikota, confirmed that all systems had arrived at the spaceport and the integration was progressing smoothly as per the schedule.
ISRO has been keeping a low profile since it is entering a new space. However, this launch is special for simple reason that it's a first step towards realising a Two Stage To Orbit (TSTO) fully re-usable vehicle that can launch satellites into orbit around earth and then re-enter the atmosphere making space missions economically viable.
It will be a major breakthrough in space exploration and space utilisation. A reusable launch vehicle is the unanimous solution to achieve low-cost, reliable and on-demand space access. It would be a Reusable Launch Vehicle Technology Demonstrator Hypersonic Experiment (RLV-TD HEX1) wherein the hypersonic aero-thermo dynamic characterisation of winged re-entry body along with autonomous mission management to land at a specified location and characterization of hot structures are planned to be demonstrated. This would be followed by the landing experiment (LEX), return flight experiment (REX) and scramjet propulsion experiment (SPEX).
Recently, ISRO chairperson AS Kiran Kumar, delivering the annual Air Chief Marshal LM Khatre lecture in Bengaluru, said, “The RLV will be taken to a height of over 70 km and released for its re-entry into the atmosphere.” Meanwhile, a senior ISRO official said the first experimental flight did not have landing option. The vehicle will re-enter the atmosphere and drop into the sea. To a query, they said the vehicle can't be retrieved. The RLV-TD has been configured to act as a flying test bed to evaluate various technologies, namely, hypersonic flight, autonomous landing, powered cruise flight and hypersonic flight using air-breathing propulsion, they added.
What are RLVs
Update August 1, 2016: I wrote this article over 4 years ago and it's got such a huge response over the years, motivating a lot into learning to code, etc. Anyways; I'd thought I give an update to today. I am still using the skills from this post today and currently running one SaaS company doing $7k MRR (I built the MVP and launched it almost entirely myself); in addition, I have one more SaaS company launching within weeks.
Update February 26, 2013: I have since this post sold Freelancify.com to a new owner
Before I begin, I'd like to recognize Josh Crews (http://www.joshcrews.com) for convincing me to learn Ruby on Rails; without them and their hours of volunteered mentership and help, I wouldn't be writing this today. Thank you.
On January 23rd, I launched my dream idea, Freelancify.com. Exactly 12 weeks before that; I was a tech entrepreneur who spent thousands of dollars to create any type of decent MVP (minimum viable product) because of a skill that I lacked, one that I thought (from the outside looking in) was way too complicated or take too long for me to try to learn. I thought (like many others) that programmers were born (and some are) with a magic set of skills in problem-solving and math that made them geniuses to coding.
And exactly 12 weeks ago, I made the best decision I've made in a really, really long time. No longer will any of my dream ideas remain just that, ideas. I now have the power to throw up working versions without spending more than hosting costs and some sweat equity. In today's time, this set of skills is like bringing a fleet of tractors to the California gold rush while everyone else is using shovels. I suggest everyone to learn how to code.
A correction I'd like to address: Previously, I stated in a post that I learned Rails in 8 weeks; doing an exact recount to launch date, it was more so 12 weeks. Although at 8 weeks, I feel is when I grasped enough and the next four weeks were more so spent putting that knowledge to work than learning.
What Skills Did I Have Prior To Learning Rails?
I was a web designer in HTML and CSS, I mainly focused on UI and UX design stuff. The furthest thing with actual code (other than HTML) was being able to tweak WordPress. Prior to; I had absolutely no clue what a MVC framework was nor how databases generally worked. Freelancify's design/layout/and html wireframe was created by me in 2 weeks back in June 2011.
Why I Decided To Learn It?
Back in June 2011, when I had the wireframe done; I began looking for a coder to make that wireframe become functional. The wireframe was pretty much the entire deal, I had all the input fields, dropdowns, forms, buttons, links that took you to where it needed to go, etc. Found a developer and long-story short, the guy didn't come through for me. I was left hanging with thousands in debt and no product close to finished. I then contacted Josh Crews (who I had met at a Ruby on Rails meetup they organize in Nashville), and met with them in person to see if the current project was anywhere near salvageable. Sadly no, patching something up would take just as much time as starting fresh for a good developer. Heart sank; I knew I couldn't afford the thousands more it would take. And then these words came from Josh…. “Why don't you just learn how to do Ruby on Rails, this project would be the perfect way to learn.“, and then “I'll even sit down with you twice a week and help you learn.”
Sat down that night, and just thought for hours. My choices were: get a comfortable job and pay my bills OR risk everything to learn Rails and constantly eat the finest noodles Ramen, Italy ever made.
I decided. Called Josh the next morning. I'm going all in. I budgeted the last of my savings and bought 3 months of living expenses (for a non-married guy living by themselves with no kids, $1K a month goes a long ways). Time to go to work, I am now a full-time student. Mind thought: Google searches, StackOverFlow, Josh, IRC #RubyOnRails, and the Rails community will have my back when I get stuck, sure enough they did.
My Next 3 Months – Mission: Get an MVP up, had to be enough to work but also not crappy enough to leave a terrible first impression.
Weeks 1 - 3
This was by far the hardest learning curve, but DO NOT give up.
Walls are built to keep the people who really don't want it out.
Setting up the Rails environment for a total newb is mind-blowingly frustrating. Tip #1: get a MAC computer. Tip #2: use Homebrew and RVM and GIT and Heroku (that's really all you need to get started). I spent a couple days setting up, taking everything out, and doing it again. Enough reps and you'll get used to the command line terminal and understand why things work the way they do. From there; the first thing I hit was TryRuby, Rails for Zombies, and Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl. Don't worry about not knowing 120% of the material, it's not until you apply it that you really start learning it. I finished the Rails Tutorial and built that Twitter-like app in a week's time, not totally understanding what I did. But later down the road, it'll all start to make sense.
Weeks 3 - 6
With the Twitter app made from the Rails Tutorial; I gained some confidence. The tutorial didn't make me a developer, but now I knew the general steps in making apps, from creating an app to getting it up on Heroku. Everything in between was still a blur. How would I start REALLY learning now? By working on an actual project, something that means something to you. Josh and I decided to let me loose on Freelancify and see what I could do
First thing I did was transfer all the HTML from the wireframe and organize them into view files and partials. I scaffolded up the Users and Projects. Then I started learning about my first real gem Devise. Then onto stuff that each User or Project has, for example; each User would have a portfolio. But users would have many portfolios while a portfolio would belong to only one User. Once you get a hang of how that relationship stuff works and how to call/display things that belong to something else, life gets much easier.
Any parts you get absolutely stuck in, skip it; chances are, while you are building another feature; you'll also learn how to make the feature you skipped work.
Weeks 6 - 9
Bit by bit, I kept learning from repetition. I'd be able to get a few things working then bam; hit a wall and had absolutely no clue what to do. Hit StackOverFlow or Josh or the IRC chat #RubyonRails or RailsCasts, and eventually found my way around it. Doing this about a hundred times, and you will learn fairly quickly. Spending those frustrating hours testing out someone else's answer on StackOverFlow to find out it doesn't work for you is actually beneficial. You learn what not to do. And when you do find the answer, you begin to learn WHY the last thing didn't work. Around this time is when I'm starting realizing the bigger picture of things and really understanding WHY things worked the way they do. I'd feel like an idiot and go back and re-factor old code after I learned better, more efficient ways to do things. Once I reached this stage, everything all started falling into place.
Weeks 9 - 12
This was just full-hustle mode to get Freelancify to launch stage. At this point, I felt like I was flying through getting features to work. Spent the last week tidying up different bugs and goofs. That Monday, I launched. But I'm still far from done learning..
That's it guys. I left out (for the sake of this post's length) the super specifics and technical stuff. But feel free to ask any questions in the comments, and I'll def return an answer. Oh, and please subscribe (right-side box), it'll give me motivation to write more!
– James Fend
p.s. – Although it helped to have a mentor to meet in person with, you can still definitely learn Rails without. Or even go find one, many Rails developers love giving back to the community. Check for local meetups.
Update: 1/31/2014
I get emailed this one question at least 4 times a week..
“Where do I begin to learn Ruby on Rails, where would you suggest I begin?” Without a doubt, the best way I learned was by building an actual working app. I used Michael Hartl's tutorial which showed me how to get a very basic Twitter like app up and running from scratch. I cannot recommend this tutorial enough; getting something up and going fast was key; it beats learning and memorization of a book by a mile.
Disclaimer: Crypto-currency trading involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for every investor. It is your responsibility to research, confirm, and decide which trades to make. : Crypto-currency trading involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for every investor. It is your responsibility to research, confirm, and decide which trades to make. read more
“Hold me back!"
EVERYBODY KNOWS the scene from school: a small boy quarrels with a bigger boy. “Hold me back!” they shout to their comrades, “Before I break their bones!”
A government opioid commission chaired by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has called for President Trump to declare a state of emergency in dealing with the opioid epidemic, which now kills more than 100 Americans daily.
Such a declaration, which several states have already made, “would empower your cabinet to take bold steps and would force Congress to focus on funding and empowering the executive branch even further to deal with this loss of life,” the commission wrote in a report released Monday. The commission also includes Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, former Congressman Patrick Kennedy, and the Harvard Medical School psychobiology professor Bertha Madras.
The report recommended a number of other reforms to opioid treatment and overdose prevention, many of which will make it easier for addicts to get treatment.
They recommend changes to law enforcement, such as arming all police officers with naloxone, a medication that reverses opioid overdoses, and improving the detection of fentanyl at the border.
Because most heroin addicts start with prescription painkillers, they recommend improving training on painkiller prescribing for doctors and forcing state prescription-tracking programs to share their information by July 2018. (Forty-nine states have these so-called “prescription-drug monitoring programs,” but not all coordinate with each other, the report notes.)
WEST CHESTER TOWNSHIP, Ohio -- A controversial Kroger store got clearance to move forward Tuesday night after West Chester trustees voted in favor of a consent decree, rezoning land and allowing for a 36-acre development at State Route 747 and Tylersville Road.
The agreement is the result of a two-year legal battle between Blue Ash-based developer Silverman & Company and the West Chester Board of Trustees, which voted in March 2013 against a proposal for the project. Their vote came after many residents vocally opposed Silverman's plans, and the board's denial effectively brought development to a halt.
Then, Silverman filed a lawsuit in Butler County Common Pleas court aimed at overturning the decision.
Silverman alleged "that the procedures followed by the trustees in denying the application blurred the line between legislative and administrative action, rendering the entire proceeding an exercise of quasi-judicial authority."
In an earlier action, the company also alleged the trustees' denial of the application was “arbitrary, capricious, and unreasonable and without a substantial or reasonable governmental purpose, and thus violated the plaintiff's constitutional rights."
In the end, all the legal wrangling cost West Chester Township $300,000. But, trustees said, both sides got what they wanted.
A 130,000 square-foot Kroger Marketplace will anchor the development. Among other requirements, the decree calls for a landscape buffer to be built during the first phase of the project.
"This consent decree holds everybody's feet to fire. And by holding it to the fire, if they don't complete it, they're in contempt of court," board president Mark Welch said.
Several trustees called the consent decree was the best possible outcome; when the developer's request was denied two years ago, the board of trustees told residents the land was likely to be developed for commercial use at some point.
Still, some people living in the adjacent residential neighborhood aren't happy, raising concerns about heavy traffic from the new strip mall.
"I don't really think that they were listening to their constituents this time," Deb Lawrence said. "I'm very disappointed."
Long before Wembley began hosting NFL games, the stadium had always been used for a variety of activities.
The original stadium, built in 1923, hosted five European Cup finals, the 1948 Olympic Games and the Live Aid benefit concert in 1985.
It also doubled as one of the UK's premier greyhound tracks, which led to a bizarre conflict during the 1966 World Cup.
The group game between Uruguay and France had to be moved to White City when greyhound organisers refused to cancel their scheduled races.
The new Wembley, opened in 2007, may have left the dogs and the electric hare behind but it is no different in its need to stage more than just football matches in order to remain economically viable.
The original Wembley Stadium hosted the 1948 London Olympic Games
The Football Association's latest financial figures are a testament to this. Turnover for 2012 was £318m, down £11m on the previous year.
The main reason for this reduction has been attributed to the cut in the number of events staged at Wembley.
Hosting Olympic football meant a reduced programme of only four summer concerts at the stadium - Take That played eight sell-out shows alone in the summer of 2011 - while the Community Shield between Manchester City and Chelsea was moved to Villa Park.
The absence of the Champions League final did not help the balance sheet either, after the stadium hosted Barcelona's win over Manchester United the previous year.
Broadcast income remains the FA's largest revenue source, with the bulk of the money coming from rights sold for England games and FA Cup matches.
But the mix of events staged at Wembley - 100% owned by the FA - remains a key factor for its financial strategy, especially when the structured debt for the stadium is £267m.
One consistent income stream has stemmed from the NFL games played at Wembley since 2007.
This year, two NFL games will be played in London as the FA capitalises on a contract to stage fixtures that stretches to the end of 2016.
Pittsburgh Steelers take on Minnesota Vikings this weekend. That will be followed by Jacksonville Jaguars playing San Francisco 49ers in October. Both games sold out within hours of tickets going on sale.
The benefits of a permanent NFL franchise at the stadium - with the eight regular season matches it would bring - are therefore not lost on its executives.
"We'd have to look very carefully at the calendar and make sure we have the right balance," says Roger Maslin, the managing director of Wembley.
New York Giants beat Miami Dolphins 13-10 in the first competitive NFL game at Wembley in 2007
"Football is our priority but yes, I'm absolutely confident that if [NFL commissioner] Roger Goodell wanted to have a franchise here, we could absolutely deliver on it."
That ambition to host big, global events extends to the Super Bowl, too, with Maslin clear that Wembley could host the event if the "big call" to move it from the US for the first time were ever made.
"If they were bringing it anywhere in the world, we want it here," they said.
Football, though, will always be the core of Wembley's appeal and raison d'etre.
Having brought the Champions League final to the stadium twice in the past three years, European governing body Uefa is aware of the sporting and financial benefits which Wembley offers.
London's position as a central airline hub, its hotel capacity and its transport infrastructure add to the benefits of staging Europe's biggest game at the stadium.
It is something which the FA hopes will continue with a degree of regularity in the future.
"There are new and improved stadia in France and in Russia for the [2018] World Cup," says FA general secretary Alex Horne.
"In Ukraine, there's a big stadium in Kiev that's impressive, but [Wembley's] capacity of 90,000 is still unique in Europe.
"The facilities were designed 13 years ago, built seven years ago. They remain of that standard for delivering those massive events.
"We will always be looking to host events like the Champions League final."
Do you ever wish you had a magic wand? In the development office of a small nonprofit, it sometimes seems magic is the only way you'll ever get everything done. You know your success depends on building relationships and touching prospects multiple times in multiple ways–“dripping” on them until they are ready to give their first gift and then drawing them closer to the core of your work, inspiring to give more regularly. It's pretty easy to understand the concept, but the work itself can be overwhelming, especially for just one person.
Unfortunately, I am not your fairy godmother, or even an “As Seen on TV” spokesperson so I can offer no magical means to turn strangers into donors. Does that mean small nonprofits are out-of-luck? No. Relationship-building takes time; but it is too important to cut corners during the process, much less skip it altogether. Instead, you can implement a tool that helps you create a strong foundation upon which to build desirable relationships. With some time and a little bit of money invested upfront, an e-mail auto-responder can help you reach more people every day.
What is an auto-responder?
An auto-responder is a special type of automated e-mail tool designed to send prospective donors a series of messages over a period of several months. Because the messages are written by you and targeted toward a very specific audience, they read like personal e-mail sent directly from you to a single recipient; and because the messages are sent by an e-mail marketing service, you don't have to remember who is supposed to get which message when. While there are some similarities between an auto-responder series and your electronic newsletter, there is one big difference: Instead of sending the same message to your whole list at the same time, the auto-responder delivers a sequence of messages to prospective donors over time. Each person gets the first message immediately after they sign up and then gets the rest of the messages sequentially, usually one or two messages a week.
Not sure how that will help you reach more people? Here are two of the most effective ways to use auto-responders in the development office.
Orientation material
One way to keep new donors engaged is to make sure they know about the many inspiring things your organization does, how you do them, and what kind of support you need to continue to thrive. Most of that information probably already exists on your website, in annual reports, in grant applications, and marketing materials; but new donors usually don't take it upon themselves to find and digest all of that information on their own. If, however, that same information is delivered to their inbox in bite-sized chunks in a way that rewards them for reading, the chance of your messages getting through is much higher. With a new donor orientation series in place, contact through phone calls, e-mails, and donation requests will be received by engaged, informed donors who are accustomed to hearing from you on a regular basis.
E-classes
Orientation material is great for people, especially new donors, who have already decided that they believe in your organization and want to know more. But what about people who aren't quite ready to write a check? Offering an e-class via auto-responder is an efficient way to gently pull those people in, give them something of value, and, at the same time, help you earn the right to talk to them about how they can help your organization grow.
For a great example of how an e-class idea works, sign up for Sonia Simone's e-mail and content marketing class. The course makes great use of the auto-responder concept, while the class itself gives great advice on how to make your own e-mail marketing too valuable to delete. Sonia's work is specifically targeted at marketing for small businesses, but the concepts are 100% applicable to nonprofit development work. For a more nonprofit-specific idea of how a course like this works, check out my course on using volunteers to amplify your message.
A word of caution
The auto-responder is a great tool for building stronger relationships with supporters, but it's still just a tool. Using an auto-responder series doesn't change the fact that people give to people, and that development is all about building relationships. Just like putting a “donate now” button on your website won't automatically lead to regular online giving, an auto-responder series won't pull in prospects on its own. It simply gives you the opportunity to deliver the core pieces of your organization's message in a consistent and efficient way, providing you with more time to focus on the relationship-building tasks only a person can do.
How do I get started?
If you are already using an e-mail marketing service, you may be able to use the same service to deliver your auto-responder courses. If not, setting up an account with a new company is simple and most offer discounted pricing for nonprofits.
You have several options. iContact, Mail Chimp and Aweber all offer fully-featured autoresponders. Each company's pricing structure is different, focusing on slightly different features; therefore, it's worth exploring several before you decide which one to use. Constant Contact also offers an autoresponder but it has limited features, so unless you are a die-hard fan, I suggest you try one of the other providers. (Vertical Response does not offer the autoresponder feature at this time).
Need more help? Leave your questions in the comments, or contact Pamela or me for more personalized assistance.
—————————————————————-
Maureen Carruthers uses their love of communication and the Internet along with 10 years nonprofit sector experience to help leaders determine which communication tools and techniques can best help them fulfill their missions.
For more simple ideas to help your nonprofit be heard, visit Maureen's blog, Low-Hanging Fruit.
STUDY OBJECTIVES:
Modafinil is a non-amphetaminic wake-promoting compound used as therapy against sleepiness and narcolepsy. Its mode of action is complex, but modafinil has been recently proposed to act as a cellular-coupling enhancer in glial cells, through modulation of gap junctions constituted by connexins. The present study investigated in mice the impact of connexins on the effects of modafinil using connexin inhibitors.
METHODS:
Modafinil was administered alone or combined with inhibitors of astrocyte connexin, meclofenamic acid, or flecainide, respectively, acting on Cx30 and Cx43. Sleep-wake states were monitored in wild-type and narcoleptic orexin knockout mice. A spontaneous alternation task was used to evaluate working memory in wild-type mice. The effects of the compounds on astroglial intercellular coupling were determined using dye transfer in acute cortical slices.
RESULTS:
Meclofenamic acid had little modulation on the effects of modafinil, but flecainide enhanced the wake-promoting and pro-cognitive effects of modafinil. Co-administration of modafinil/flecainide resulted in a marked decrease in the number and duration of direct transitions to rapid eye movement sleep, which are characteristic of narcoleptic episodes in orexin knockout mice. Furthermore, modafinil enhanced the connexin-mediated astroglial cell coupling, whereas flecainide reduced it. Finally, this modafinil-induced effect was reversed by co-administration with flecainide.
CONCLUSIONS:
Our study indicates that flecainide impacts the pharmacological effects of modafinil, likely through the normalization of Cx30-dependent gap junctional coupling in astroglial networks. The enhancement of the wake-promoting, behavioral, and cognitive outcomes of modafinil demonstrated here with flecainide would open new perspectives in the management of sleep disorders such as narcolepsy.
COMMENTARY:
A commentary on this article appears in this issue on page 1175.
© 2016 Associated Professional Sleep Societies, LLC.
They may have just experienced a breakthrough summer tour, but after leaving the field against Thailand on Sunday the only thought in Jordon Ibe's mind was how to further improve at Anfield.
The 17-year-old starred throughout the Reds' journey from Indonesia to Australia to Thailand, having made their senior debut in May and struck in the friendly with Preston earlier this month.
But Ibe is a young man with their feet planted on the ground and before beginning the trip back to Merseyside, they shared their hope of continuing life with the first team.
Asked what they had learned during the 2013 tour, the winger told LFC TV: "Trying to keep the ball and especially knowing how to defend well.
"Playing against these teams and better teams in the Premier League, as soon as I lose the ball anyone could have a chance.
"I need to stay consistent, keep the ball when I'm playing and try to get assists, shots and goals. Hopefully I can go from there.
"We're trying to play new football - one-touch, two-touch football. I'm enjoying it.
"It's been a great experience, playing with the first-team players. I've just enjoyed every minute of it. It has meant a lot because it's good to play with the first team from such a young age.
"I didn't really know any of the players other than Raheem and Andre. It's good to mix with them and hopefully I can be with them again.
"I went on tour last season so obviously I saw a bit of it. Going to Asia has been excellent, especially when we went to Australia and played in front of so many fans. It has been amazing."
Watch the video here »
By Juliet Linderman
Associated Press
BALTIMORE — The city of Baltimore says it has reached a $6.4 million wrongful death settlement with the family of Freddie Gray.
Gray died in April after they suffered a critical spine injury while they were in police custody. Six Baltimore police officers face criminal charges stemming from Gray's death. Gray, who was black, was critically injured April 12 in the back of a prisoner transport van after they were arrested.
Related feature Protests, charges against Baltimore cops after in-custody death The in-custody death of Freddie Gray led to weeks of protests — culminating in the deployment of the National Guard, charges for six officers involved in the arrest, and a probe of the Baltimore Police Department's practices.
The death of the 25-year-old Gray sparked protests, rioting and unrest that shook Baltimore for days.
The settlement still needs the approval of a board that oversees city spending. They meet Wednesday.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press
After two hours of oral arguments in Riley v. California and United States v. Wurie, both of which involve challenges to the search of an arrestee's cellphone without a warrant, it seemed likely that the Justices are headed for some sort of middle ground: there did not seem to be five votes for either the government's bright-line rule – that police never need to get a warrant to search a cellphone – or its polar opposite, which would always require a warrant. But exactly what that middle ground might be and what it might mean for David Riley and Brima Wurie, the defendants in this case, were far less clear. Let's talk about the arguments in Plain English.
Going into the oral argument, both California and the federal government told the Court that, whenever police make an arrest, cellphones should be fair game for a search for all of the same reasons that police can search, for example, the arrestee's wallet without a warrant. But it's hard to see five Justices voting in support of that rule, given the widespread skepticism that the argument met on the Court. Justice Elena Kagan was one of the most vocal opponents of such a rule, telling California Solicitor General Edward DuMont that, following their logic, an arrest for a minor offense like driving without a seatbelt would allow police to look at every single e-mail on the arrestee's phone, along with their bank records, medical data, calendar, and GPS data. That, they suggested, “strikes me as a very different kind of world” from looking at someone's billfold, given that “people carry their entire lives on cellphones.” Justice Antonin Scalia later echoed this idea, calling it “absurd” that police should be able to search someone's iPhone for that kind of minor offense. Justice Anthony Kennedy, whom many often regard as a key vote on the Court, expressed concerns as well, telling Deputy U.S. Solicitor General Michael Dreeben (who argued on behalf of the federal government in both cases today) that “we are living in a new world,” in which someone arrested for a minor crime has their “whole life on [her] phone” and asking whether Dreeben could suggest some limits on the potentially broad sweep of the government's rule.
But even if California and the federal government seem unlikely to win outright, the chances that the Court will require police officers to get a warrant whenever they want to search an arrestee's phone appear even slimmer. Although (as the previous paragraph indicates) virtually all of the Justices were keenly aware that cellphones are unique insofar as they contain large amounts of personal information, they were equally mindful that – as Justice Kennedy observed – criminals also rely on cellphones to facilitate their dirty work. And the Justices may be reluctant to hamstring efforts by law enforcement officials to fight and investigate crime. Dreeben seized on this concern, repeatedly pushing back against the suggestion that police could always go get a warrant and then search the phone once they obtained it. They spent much of their half-hour at the lectern during the Wurie argument describing the benefits that could come from an immediate search of a cellphone – such as learning of a plan by the arrestee's confederates to ambush police – and warning the Court that, if police have to delay a search to go get a warrant, sophisticated encryption technology can kick in and make the data on the phone “useless,” possibly for months.
Given the lack of support for either bright-line rule, it comes as no surprise that the Justices spent a good chunk of the two hours today mulling over a possible middle ground. But here too there wasn't much in the way of consensus, as the Court struggled to find a compromise that would genuinely protect privacy. DuMont and Justice Alito, for example, suggested that a warrant should not be required as long as police are only looking at information – like a photograph – that is analogous to something that police could have searched in the pre-digital era. But Justice Kagan objected that such a rule would actually exclude very little, noting that almost everything on a cellphone “could be reduced to a piece of paper.” And Justice Stephen Breyer similarly noted that there is very little data on cellphones that wouldn't have an analog from the pre-digital era, telling DuMont that the real problem is the quantity of data found on modern cellphones, which far outweighs the quantity of papers and photos that most people would carry around with them.
Having seen the lay of the land, Michael Dreeben offered another potential compromise to address the Justices' concerns that an arrest for a minor crime like jaywalking could subject the entire contents of the arrestee's cellphone to search: police can search cellphones without a warrant, but only for evidence that would be relevant to the crime for which the defendant is being arrested. And, they submitted, the Court could add the further limit that police can only look for that evidence in the parts of the cellphone where they are likely to find it. But Chief Justice John Roberts (among others) was dubious that such a rule would actually impose any real limits: in that scenario, they asked Dreeben, what wouldn't police be able to look at?
And Justice Anthony Kennedy proposed yet another possible middle ground: whether police can search an arrestee's cellphone without a warrant would depend on whether the crime for which the individual was arrested was a serious or non-serious offense. Having made that suggestion, though, Kennedy themselves immediately expressed doubt about whether the Court's cases would support a distinction between serious and non-serious offenses.
So the Justices appear to have their work cut out for them to come up with a ruling that will garner at least five votes. And, depending on what they decide, their ruling could lead to different outcomes for Riley and Wurie: for example, most Justices seemed unconvinced that the more limited search of Wurie's older “flip” phone had really invaded their privacy. And just to keep things even more interesting, the Court is on the clock for this one, with almost exactly two months – during which the Justices will be busy working on other high-profile opinions as well – to draft and finalize a decision before the Court's summer recess. We'll be back at the end of June to cover it in Plain English.
Recommended Citation: Amy Howe, A whole new world: Today's oral arguments in Plain English, SCOTUSblog (Apr. 29, 2014, 5:20 PM), https://www.scotusblog.com/2014/04/a-whole-new-world-todays-oral-arguments-in-plain-english/
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Hollywood studios, which for years have waged a war against online piracy, are now going after so-called “rogue” mobile apps that use images from movies and television shows without their permission.
The entrance to the Time Warner Center is seen at Columbus Circle in New York August 4, 2010. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Time Warner Inc Warner Bros Studio sent Google Inc a “take down” notice late last week demanding that the Internet company remove from its app store “Hobbit 3D Wallpaper HD,” a mobile app that uses images of the Oscar-nominated film, according to a spokesperson for the studio.
Google responded to Warner's notice and removed the app within days, in the latest example of how Hollywood is stepping up its efforts to protect its intellectual property in the quickly expanding app market, which is pegged at $20 billion in 2013.
For many studios and other content providers, mobile apps are a new source of income and a powerful way to engage audiences, sell games and merchandise. But these revenues are threatened if developers do not pay licensing fees.
Walt Disney Co's Marvel unit, Sony Corp, Viacom Inc's Paramount, and News Corp's Twentieth Century Fox and Warner have all submitted infringement notifications to Google, according to information made available by Google and posted on ChillingEffects.org.
The apps targeted by the studios contain images from movie titles such as “Clash of the Titans,” “Spider-Man,” and “Green Lantern” and TV shows like “Glee” and “Gossip Girl.”
A Google spokesperson declined to discuss any specific take down requests. They cited the company's policy to remove apps that show clear cases of copyright infringement and then notify the app developer.
The “Hobbit 3D Wallpaper HD” app was developed by Any View, which did not return an email from Reuters requesting comment.
Comcast's NBC Universal also issued a notice of infringement on apps using images of its film “Ted,” according to documents on ChillingEffects.org.
“We have spoken with studios that represent several of the properties and they are actively monitoring unlicensed mobile apps,” said Reggie Pierce, chief executive officer of IP Lasso, which monitors brands on mobile apps.
IP Lasso recently surveyed 100 apps that mentioned Oscars or the Academy Awards, and found that 90 percent of those apps available on major app stores, like Google Play and Apple Inc's app store, contain content that may not have been authorized by studios, TV networks or other creators, said Pierce.
Tom Neumayr, a spokesperson for Cupertino, California-based Apple, declined to comment on the specifics of any infringing apps, but said the company vets all apps before making them available.
The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) said it is expanding its surveillance of apps that link users to sites that offer pirated films.
“Smartphone apps that provide a direct link to infringing content have become a growing problem that needs to be addressed,” said Marc Miller, senior vice president for internet content protection for the MPAA.
“Not only do these apps offer access to creative content that has been illegally copied, but they also pose risks to consumers from malware and often fail to provide viewers with the quality product they could often get through a growing number of legitimate sources,” they said.
About 46 billion apps were downloaded in 2012, generating $12 billion in worldwide revenues from sales, advertising and in-app purchase, according to research firm Research and Market. The numbers of apps are expected to nearly double to 83 billion this year, and to generate $20.4 billion.
“With the rise of the second screen comes a new band of villains who pose a serious threat to the entertainment industry's move to mobile,” said Pierce.
“Consumers have been led to believe if an app is available through iTunes or Google Play, then it must be safe.”
Without naming Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, former President George W. Bush delivered an incisive critique of their policies of “isolationism, nativism and protectionism” at a private fundraiser in Cincinnati on Tuesday for Ohio Sen. Rob Portman, according to four people who attended.
Trump has broken with GOP orthodoxy and pushed an “America First” platform that calls for renegotiating trade deals, reconsidering longstanding military alliances, and curbing immigration by Muslims and people from countries beset with terrorism. They have repeatedly denounced Bush for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, though they never publicly opposed the war before it began.
Bush told the crowd of about 400 people that they had been reflecting on threats against American exceptionalism, though they didn't put their remarks in the context of the 2016 presidential campaign. Bush spoke for 20 minutes in the Diamond Club of the Cincinnati Reds baseball stadium and spent another 40 minutes answering a half-dozen questions.
See also: It's time for former Presidents Bush to take a stand on the Trump-Clinton contest
“It was an interesting exercise of statecraft,” said Ken Blackwell, a former Ohio secretary of state. “No one could say they directly spoke in attack mode against Donald Trump. Neither could anybody miss the fact that they thought there were some cutting-edge issues that Trump is advancing that need to be scrutinized and debated.”
Freddy Ford, a spokesperson for Bush, declined to comment on the former president's remarks. A spokesperson for Sen. Portman, Michawn Rich said, “We are honored to have President George W. Bush in Ohio to help us raise well over $1 million in a single day.”
An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com.
I don't think it's traitorous to labor to have produced the easy-to-understand explanation of how labor has been affected, regardless of their role under Clinton.
To do nothing from the point of that frustration would have been traitorous. Your blistering over their SOL role leave out anything he's done or tried to do (example, this movie, which I don't have to go to a theater to see, as I did to see "Inconvenient Truth" is evidence of how their role is one of benefit now.
It's easy to criticize and it's very hard to do. I know this at the local level and from what history teaches me about others like RR. I don't, which is why I don't think anything put forth by them since that administration was "pretending".I don't think it's traitorous to labor to have produced the easy-to-understand explanation of how labor has been affected, regardless of their role under Clinton.To do nothing from the point of that frustration would have been traitorous. Your blistering over their SOL role leave out anything he's done or tried to do (example, this movie, which I don't have to go to a theater to see, as I did to see "Inconvenient Truth"is evidence of how their role is one of benefit now.It's easy to criticize and it's very hard to do. I know this at the local level and from what history teaches me about others like RR.
There wasn't much to celebrate with the Jacksonville Jaguars this week. The team never played the lead, the San Diego Chargers scored on their opening drive, Blake Bortles played probably the worst game of their career, and the play-calling was atrocious.
But, hey, the offensive line only gave up two sacks on 53 drop backs. That's... something, right?
Sack #1: 3rd and 13 at JAX 22, 9:00 left in 2Q
This one is pretty cut-and-dry. Right tackle Jermey Parnell gets beat on an inside move by Melvin Ingram and he's the primary cause of Bortles getting sacked here. Bortles has some trouble moving in the pocket because of T.J. Yeldon's block of blitzing cornerback Brandon Flowers, but... nah, this is Parnell.
Final verdict: Jermey Parnell
Sack #2: 1st and 10 at SD 38, 0:16 left in 2Q
This is a total breakdown of the offensive line and probably the worst snap they've played through their first two games. There's pressure from both edges, the interior push is preventing Bortles from stepping up into the pocket... just awful overall. If I'm assigning blame, it goes to Kelvin Beachum who's blocking Melvin Ingram and it's Ingram who gets their hands on Bortles, pressures him, and finishes the sack.
Final verdict: Kelvin Beachum
2016 sack totals
Name Sacks Allowed Kelvin Beachum 2.5 Luke Joeckel 1.0 Jermey Parnell 1.0 Denard Robinson 0.5
Next up: Baltimore.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
This week marks the start of the second season of RWBY, the fairytale and anime-inspired web series by the crew over at Rooster Teeth. But as a single new episode left me wanting more, I decided to try out the fan game RWBY: Grim Eclipse.
Based on the series' “Red” trailer, the hack 'n slash survival game features Ruby and their giant gun-scythe facing off against wave upon wave of the werewolf-like “grimm” coming to attack them
At the start of the game, Ruby has only two basic attacks: swinging their scythe and shooting it as a gun. However, what makes Grim Eclipse excellently mirror its animated counterpart is the combining of the two mid-combo to create a longer and more damaging combo. As you progress, Ruby unlocks new support skills, new types of ammo for the gun that affect the grimm in different ways, and new special attacks that can be added into the attack chains to create even more damaging combos. From about wave five on, you'll feel like an unstoppable badass akin to Ruby in the series.
If the game has one problem, though, it's that the first few waves feel slow and monotonous—especially compared to what comes later. Moreover, I wish there was a way to continue with the skills I had unlocked prior to a game over as those first few waves always feel like such a chore.
Advertisement
But really, those are minor complaints in what is a surprisingly well-made fan game. Actually, it is so well made that the game's creator, 19-year-old Jordan Scott, has been recently hired by Rooster Teeth to make the upcoming official RWBY video game.
Want to try it for yourself? Head over to Scott's YouTube page for the download links. Oh, but be sure to read the game guide as Grim Eclipse itself lacks any sort of tutorial.
RWBY: Grim Eclipse was released for PC on April 1, 2014.
Kotaku East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Advertisement
Betty Cooper has been through a lot this season on Riverdale and according to Lili Reinhart, things are only going to get tougher.
Lili recently chatted about Betty and how they might (finally!) recognize some of their mental health issues.
“When Betty digs their nails into their hands, it's kind of when things are happening with their family. That's their trigger, whether it be their mother, their brother, or Polly. I think that's something to keep in mind.”
This is the same behavior we saw in Betty in season one when they tried out for the cheer squad and Cheryl tried to provoke them
And although we don't know too much about Polly, aka Betty's sis, and their mental health, we may find out if Betty's long-lost half-brother shares the same struggles.
“She's very curious to see if they have that darkness inside them as well. There might be some sister/brother bonding over mental health issues.”
Back in October, it was revealed that newbie Hart Denton would play Betty's new brother Chic. No plotline has been revealed yet but many fans are theorizing that Chic's dad is Jughead's dad FP.
More to come this season? According to the show's creator Roberto Aguirre-Sacas, Riverdale will be getting back to its roots.
“The second half of season 2 gets back to a little bit of Riverdale basics, which is focused on stories at the school, kind of getting back in deep on the relationships and the friendships. There's still going to be a pulpy noir crime element to the second half, but there will be a resurgence of high school hijinks, and getting back to the roots of what [Archie comics are] all about.”
The first half of season 2 focused on the mystery of the black hood and after their identity was revealed to be (spoiler!) Svenson, it's time to move on. But not everyone agrees. Many fans think Svenson is not the true identity of the black hood and Lili agrees.
“Things don't feel right…like, there's still some deep, dark, unspoken mystery going on.”
Aguirre-Sacas even confirmed that it might not be *completely* over as they led us to believe.
“People don't always stay dead in Riverdale, so we're definitely going to be dealing with the aftermath of the Black Hood, and kind of the events of the last two or three episodes for a long time.”
Riverdale returns to the CW on January 17.
READ THIS NEXT
Camila Mendes Talks ‘Riverdale' Season 2: ‘I'm Ready to See Veronica Fail'
Saudi Arabia wants to build women-only cities.
Dear Saudi Women,
When I first heard of Saudi Arabia's plan to build women-only cities, I got so angry that I shouted, ‘What the fuck! you wanna build a women-only city, like a black-only ghetto? You force women to wear burqa, they have no face, no identity, no rights! Now you wanna dump them? You have been apartheiding women big time! Fuck you, Saudi Arabia, go build your ass-only city!'
I am not angry anymore. I have been thinking a lot about women-only city. I have also been thinking of your country and your religion. They both hate you, they treat you like a piece of shit. You should know that burqa-only city is regressive, women-only city is double regressive. If you allow a pinch of humiliation, you will ultimately allow tons of humiliations! You know that you can't say, NO. You already prove that you are not able to change anti-women system you are living under. You got support from all over the world, but you could not go out in public without burqa, you could not drive your car on your Driving Day campaign. You are afraid of being flogged. You failed to challenge an oppressive regime. You are now going to get a women-only city, you will then get a women-only land. They have created a prison for you. The prison is getting larger and larger. But dear sisters, think positive. More than 100 years ago, a Muslim woman called Begum Rokeya dreamed of a women's land. Please read an excerpt from their classic ‘Sultana's Dream'.
When walking I found to my surprise that it was a fine morning. The town was fully awake and the streets alive with bustling crowds. I was feeling very shy, thinking I was walking in the street in broad daylight, but there was not a single man visible.
Some of the passers-by made jokes at me. Though I could not understand their language, yet I felt sure they were joking. I asked my friend, “What do they say?”
“The women say that you look very mannish.”
“Mannish?” said I, “What do they mean by that?”
“They mean that you are shy and timid like men.”
“Shy and timid like men?” It was really a joke. I became very nervous, when I found that my companion was not Sister Sara, but a stranger. Oh, what a fool had I been to mistake this lady for my dear old friend, Sister Sara.
They felt my fingers tremble in their hand, as we were walking hand in hand.
“What is the matter, dear?” they said affectionately. “I feel somewhat awkward,” I said in a rather apologizing tone, “as being a veiled woman I am not accustomed to walking abut unveiled.”
“You need not be afraid of coming across a man here. This is Ladyland, free from sin and harm. Virtue themselves reigns here.”
By and by I was enjoying the scenery. Really it was very grand. I mistook a patch of green grass for a velvet cushion. Feeling as if I were walking on a soft carpet, I looked down and found the path covered with moss and flowers.
“How nice it is,” said I.
…
I became very curious to know where the men were. I met more than a hundred women while walking there, but not a single man.
“Where are the men?” I asked them
“In their proper places, where they ought to be.”
“Let me know what you mean by ‘their proper places'.”
“O, I see my mistake, you cannot know our customs, as you were never here before. We shut our men indoors.”
“Just as we are kept in the zenana?”
“Exactly so.”
“How funny,” I burst into a laugh. Sister Sara laughed too.
“But dear Sultana, how unfair it is to shut in the harmless women and let loose the men.”
“Why? It is not safe for us to come out of the zenana, as we are naturally weak.”
“Yes, it is not safe so long as there are men about the streets, nor is it so when a wild animal enters a marketplace.”
“Of course not.”
“Suppose, some lunatics escape from the asylum and begin to do all sorts of mischief to men, horses and other creatures; in that case what will your countrymen do?”
“They will try to capture them and put them back into their asylum.”
“Thank you! And you do not think it wise to keep sane people inside an asylum and let loose the insane?”
“Of course not!” said I'm laughing lightly.
“As a matter of fact, in your country this very thing is done! Men, who do or at least are capable of doing not end of mischief, are let loose and the innocent women, shut up in the zenana! How can you trust those untrained men out of doors?”
“We have no hand or voice in the management of our social affairs. In India man is lord and master, they have taken to themselves all powers and privileges and shut up the women in the zenana.”
“Why do you allow yourselves to be shut up?”
“Because it cannot be helped as they as stronger than women.”
“A lion is stronger than a man, but it does not enable them to dominate the human race. You have neglected the duty you owe to yourselves and you have lost your natural rights by shutting your eyes to your own interests.”
“But my dear sister Sara, if we do everything by ourselves, what will the men do then?”
“They should not do anything, excuse me; they are fit for nothing. Only catch them and put them into the zenana.”
“But would it be very easy to catch and put them inside the four walls?” said I. “And even if this were done, would all their business, political and commercial – also go with them into the zenana?”
Sister Sara made no reply. They only smiled sweetly. Perhaps they thought it useless to argue with one who was no better than a frog in a well.
We talked on various subjects, and I learned that they were not subject to any kind of epidemic disease, nor did they suffer from mosquito bites as we do. I was very much astonished to hear that in Ladyland no one died in youth except by rare accident.
…
“Your achievements are very wonderful indeed! But tell me, how you managed to put the men of your country into the zenana. Did you entrap them first?”
“No.”
“It is not likely that they would surrender their free and open air life of their own accord and confine themselves within the four walls of the zenana! They must have been overpowered.”
“Yes, they have been!”
“By whom? By some lady warriors, I suppose?”
“No, not by arms.”
“Yes, it cannot be so. Men's arms are stronger than women's. Then?”
“By brain.”
“Even their brains are bigger and heavier than women's. Are they not?”
“Yes, but what of that? An elephant also has got a bigger and heavier brain than a man has. Yet man can enchain elephants and employ them, according to their own wishes.
Roger Stone told the House Intelligence Committee Tuesday that a journalist served as their "go-between" with WikiLeaks ahead of the 2016 election and that Democrats are pursuing a "witch hunt" for evidence of conspiracy between Russia and the Trump campaign.
The colorful political operative was seen by some committee members as a potential link between President Trump's campaign and Russia, due in part to their tweets and boasts of contact with the secret-spilling group.
Stone told the committee that all they knew about WikiLeaks came from the organization's public statements, along with confirmation from a "journalist" who previously interviewed Assange, according to prepared remarks.
Whether Stone exaggerated their access has been a matter of public debate. They told lawmakers the "journalist" was their only source and that "I have referred publicly to this journalist as an ‘intermediary,' ‘go-between' and ‘mutual friend.'"
"I have never said or written that I had any direct communication with Julian Assange and have always clarified in numerous interviews and speeches that my communication with Wikileaks was through the asupervisorstioned journalist," Stone said, according to their prepared remarks.
Journalist and entrepreneur Charles Johnson, known for their investigative reports and for setting up an August meeting between Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., and Assange, told the Washington Examiner they "probably" is the journalist that Stone mentioned.
"But knowing Roger, who really knows?" Johnson said in an email.
Stone told the Examiner that Johnson was "most definitely not the journalist who confirmed that WikiLeaks had the goods on HRC."
Assange has denied Stone had a "back channel" to WikiLeaks.
After the hearing, Stone said they would not reveal the identity of the "journalist," telling reporters, "That's the only question I declined to answer."
Two committee members -- Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., and Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas -- appeared to confirm Stone's account.
Conaway told The Daily Beast that Stone's statement from a podium after the hearing was "very accurate," while Schiff -- who Stone chastised as a grandstander -- said "there was one significant area" where "Stone was unwilling to answer our questions," and that a subpoena may be necessary in the future.
Reasons the committee wanted to speak with Stone include their prescient August 2016 tweet that "it will soon the Podesta's time in the barrel," more than a month before WikiLeaks released the Clinton campaign chairperson's emails. Stone also repeatedly claimed contact with the group.
This article has been updated to include comment from Roger Stone.
Hekate was officially discovered by J.C. Watson on July 11th 1868. Them number is 100 as they were the 100th asteroid discovered. Orbiting in the outer main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, they are located in the same region as the Hygeia asteroid family but their composition suggests she's an ‘interloper'. Them orbit is around 5.43 years.
Hekate is one of the great Goddesses of Greek mythology but with a history that stretches back into antiquity. Typically portrayed in triplicate, in Rome they were known as Trivia. Tri-Via literally means three roads and relates to the magical place where three roads meet. Note that how over time, the name of the Goddess has been corrupted to mean “insignificant, trifling”! The tearing down of the Divine Feminine even extended into language.
Hekate was born of Perses ( the destroyer) and Asteria (starry one) Goddess of the night. Them name in Egyptian meant ‘magical speech'. An only child, Hekate was revered amongst humankind and Gods alike. They were even doted upon by Zeus. In the myths it's said that they bestowed great gifts upon those who prayed to them and made them offerings. With such love shown to her, they were given dominion over earth, sea and sky and also become a Goddess who watched over childbirth in their Mother aspect, as well as a guide for souls of the dead.
“Hekate…lovely dame, of earthly, watery, and celestial frame, sepulchral, in a saffron veil arrayed, pleased with dark ghosts that wander through the shade; Perseis, solitary goddess, hail! The world's key-bearer, never doomed to fail; in stags rejoicing, huntress, nightly seen, and drawn by bulls, unconquerable queen…”
Orphic Hymn 1 to Hekate
Hekate rules over those places and times that are between. Midnight and twilight, doorways, crossroads and stairways, birth and death. Hekate is there in the place of no place and time of no time. Hekate's magic is drawn from the moment between breaths and between heartbeats. I sense a stillness emanating from them Although honoured at the dark Moon, it is Hekate who taught witches to ‘draw down the Moon'. Them three faces are the Maid, Mother and Crone, three aspects of a single Goddess.  They are skilled in all magical arts and spellcraft.
Whilst Hekate rules the dark of night, they are also the torch bearer. It was Hekate who aided Demeter in their search for Persephone. Described here as ‘tender hearted' in the myths, Hekate heard the cries of Demeter and went to their aid. Consequently they became a friend and companion of Persephone, accompanying them in the dark of Hades. It is probably from their association with the Underworld that Hekate become a hellish figure.
Hekate is depicted with black dogs in many of their tales. To this day, the baying of dogs still appears in English folklore as a omen of death. Modern science has in a way verified this as studies show that dogs can smell cancer long before medical diagnosis. Some link Hekate to the three-headed dog Cerberus who guards the gates of Hades, perhaps due to their service to Persephone.
As a power animal, dogs are about loyalty. But perhaps too there is something here about how Hekate has tamed the wild instinctual magic of wolves. I feel as though there is something here about the ability to control the forces of the nature – natural magic. The Dog Star Sirius is also connected to Hekate. As the brightest star in the sky, this association harks back to when Hekate was revered instead of reviled.
Hekate guards the veil between the living and the dead. Originally they lead the souls of the dead to the upper worlds. As Goddess mythology was demonised over time, their story was corrupted to mean that at night they raised the souls of the dead – no doubt to do some witchy mischief!. But in their true guise as Queen of the Dead, Hekate reminds us that there is life beyond life and that there is no life without death.  They are midwifed to the soul.
Over time, Hekate's attributes were degraded further. In their aspect as Virgin Goddess Artemis, they loved to hunt but turned their arrows on humans when they couldn't find any game. By Ovid's Metamorphosis, Hekate had been changed into a cruel and vicious goddess capable of killing their own father with their evil potion.
The Discovery Chart
In researching the discovery chart of Hekate, I found a fascinating fact that I couldn't ignore. It gave me goose bumps. In Nasa's small body database, there's a tiny note that mentions that Hekate's discovery was actually announced first by astronomer C. Wolf. How could I ignore that! Their discovery was made independently of J.C. Watson. As Watson had an earlier discovery date, they got the scoop even though Wolf had announced it first.
I'd already cast the chart for Watson but felt compelled by Wolf's name to draw up a second chart.
Low and behold, this put the Moon in Cancer, giving 5 planets in the Mother of all signs for the Mother of Witches as well as Mother of Souls. Significantly, it was close to New Moon, the lunar phase most associated with Hekate.
There is a grand trine between Saturn, Chiron and the Sun. Perhaps Hekate's light helps us to accept responsibility for healing our wounds. Saturn retrograde on the anaretic degree in Scorpio makes me think of how, just when we think we see the light, we must step back into the dark. Its about mastering the darkness within. Darkness sharpens the senses. With Hekate themselves in Aquarius retrograde, there's a sense that they see things from a very different perspective. Note Chiron on the Aries point – driving home the message that Hekate's prime function is that of healing.
Jupiter conjunct Neptune is a very loving and soft aspect – given to great compassion as reflected in the story of Hekate and Demeter. In Aries though, this is active compassion. Hekate is motivated to help. Jupiter sextile to Mars reiterates this.
The squares between Neptune and Venus, Mercury, Uranus and the Moon are expressive of the confusion that can accompany times of transition. Mercury square Neptune specifically can be about feeling lost and also a danger of lying to oneself. Perhaps the contacts between the Moon, Uranus and Neptune show that when mishandled or misunderstood, this is the kind of energy that can lead to lunacy. Times of transition can be frightening and disorientating.
In the Wolf chart, Hekate was at 14AQU21 Retrograde, putting them on the Sabian symbol Two Lovebirds Sitting On A Fence And Singing Happily. It's almost as if the Wolf chart shows the gentle side to Hekate – a Goddess who loves humanity. Perhaps too, this symbol represents the idea that when we bring together the light and dark within, we feel in tune – the soul sings.
With only a few days difference, the Watson chart is similar. There is still a Cancer stellium but here the Moon is close to Jupiter and Neptune, perhaps alluding to the affection that Zeus had for Hekate and the spiritual education that Hekate offers us. Once again, they show us how to expand our awareness.
In this chart, Hekate is on the Sabian A Big Businessman At Their Desk which seems odd compared to the other. But perhaps here Hekate is emphasising the power of control.
What catches my eye in this chart though is that Black Moon Lilith is widely conjunct the South Node. Perhaps this shows the loss of the instinctual self that we have suffered in society. Maybe too, it's a call to remember our own magic rather than casting it out. Part of the story here could also be about releasing our perception that ‘dark' equates to ‘evil'. It could also relate to a need to incorporate the best qualities of Lilith in order to follow the path of the heart – indicated by the Leo North Node. Lilith is wild and instinctual. Maybe too there is something here about taming these instincts to give us the courage of the lion.
In both charts, Saturn is square to the Nodal Axis suggesting a missed step on the evolutionary path. In one way this could show how important it is to master our fears of the dark. In another way, this perhaps represents how patriarchy demonised Hekate – almost like a fault line in our evolution as a species. The loss of the divine feminine has made us fearful of darkness, sexuality and death and this has put up barriers inside ourselves and between each other. Hekate in Aquarius and the Cancer stellium is a reminder that they are a Mother to all of us and their wisdom is for the benefit of all.
Hekate in Astrology
In the psyche, Hekate represents the boundaries between the known and unknown. With their torches they throw light on our own shadows and awakens our own demons so we can see them clearly. I find myself singing Nick Drake's song ‘Black Eyed Dog' as I write. Perhaps Hekate's black dogs are reminiscent of the black dog of depression that tends to overcome us when we don't know what to do, when we can't make a choice, when we cower in the face of our own demons, when we are ‘dogged' by problems, Hekate holds the key. Through their guidance we can unlock our own magic.  They are the light in the dark. Like the snake or serpent that's also attributed to her, Hekate has ancient knowledge.
As Goddess of the Crossroads and between places, Hekate in astrology is connected to our own times of transition. Hekate can help us to see our true choices. They reveal what was once hidden and perhaps what we were afraid to see. Hekate won't let us stay in the dark for long.  They are there when the door behind us has closed and the door ahead of us has yet to open.  They are the boundary between what was, what is and what is yet to come.  They are death and rebirth. Hekate is the seer, the fortune teller, the diviner who whispers the truth in your ear that your soul hears. With their kinship to the Moon, perhaps they also represent the madness that ensues when we try to ignore our instinctual and emotional responses.
An ancient symbol ‘Hekate's Wheel' shows three serpent type creates woven around a centre of fire. Through self-knowledge and inner wisdom, we are lead back to our own light. Hekate teaches us that the true magic lies within.
Keywords and Phases
Queen of Witches, Queen of the Dead, Maid-Mother-Crone, Artemis-Selene-Hekate, Dark Moon Goddess, Goddess of the Crossroads, Mistress of Magic, Walker Between Worlds, shamanism, wise woman, witchcraft, magic, spell craft, potions, sorcery, divination, fortune telling, prophecy, spell weaver. Lunacy, fear of the unknown, bringer of light, a light in the dark, torch-bearer, illumination, guide, counsellor, wisdom, transformation, transition.
Resources
Hekate JPL Small Body Database Browser
Asteroid Hekate – Wikipedia
Hecate – Wikipedia
Etymology of Trivia – Online Etymology Dictionary
Hekate Moving through Darkness by Danielle.(no surname given)
Hekate at Theoi.com
Image from The Mythic Deck
More about Asteroid Hekate in Astrology
Asteroid Hekate by Marina Macario
Hekate in the Natal Chart: A Little Background + An Example by Julie Demboski
Hekate and Astrology: Standing at the Crossroads by Isabelle Ghaneh – Llewellyn Journal
Asteroid File: Seasons of the Witch by Alex Miller – DayKeeper Journal
Black Eyed Dog by Nick Drake
Out of interest – Nick Drake had Hekate exactly semi-sextile Neptune (ruler of music and poetry)
If you would like to know more about Hekate in your own chart, I offer readings here
A legion of Silverlight developers have threatened revolt after Microsoft revealed it would focus on HTML5 and Javascript for its upcoming Windows 8 operating system.
Thousands of Silverlight developers converged on Microsoft's forum pages to ask why there was no mention of Silverlight or .Net in the vendor's brief video preview of the upcoming operating system.
Developers expressed fears Microsoft might let their investment in skills “die on the vine” as Redmond finally embraces open standards.
“Microsoft has a first class cross-platform application framework called Silverlight and they want us to write freaking Javascript. Really!?” posted Jan Hannemann, a research associate University of Victoria. “Did I mention that I'm disappointed?”
Hannemann's post was viewed some seven million times before Microsoft moderators closed the forum.
Within hours a second forum started on the same topic, which has been viewed a further 1.5 million times.
Next came an open letter to Microsoft on behalf of disaffected Silverlight developers, penned by developer Nicholas Petersen.
Petersen said Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) and Silverlight developers had “valid reasons to be concerned that the Microsoft .Net UI (user interface) platforms they have grown to love and support are being demoted in Windows 8 in a way that could relegate them to a place of obscurity.”
Petersen said developers had seen no mention of Silverlight, .Net or WPF in any of Microsoft's prepared statements or presentations.
In one Microsoft presentation, delivered at Computex on June 2, Microsoft executives were even accused of promoting the use of Adobe FLASH as a plug-in over Silverlight.
Petersen's letter demanded that WPF and Silverlight apps enjoy the same level of integration with Windows 8 tiles and any future Windows app store as apps based on HTML5. They asked that Microsoft publicly commit to its legacy development standards.
The only reassurance Microsoft has given thus far was verbal: a Microsoft executive said that their applications will still be able to run on both the Windows desktop and in Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.
But developers noted that there was a big difference between support and continued investment.
Microsoft community manager Pete Brown told developers that “none of us at Microsoft can say anything” until Microsoft's BUILD event in September.
“We don't have the full story,” Brown reiterated. “Making future architectural decisions based on assumptions from demos is irresponsible. Saying we should tell you more does not change the fact that you are making a decision based on a very minimal amount of evidence.”
Brown said the Windows 8 demonstration wasn't intended for developers.
“HTML was mentioned as pretty much everyone gets it, even non-developers,” they said. “And, quite frankly, that's pretty cool that we're doing that; a company that has gotten (in some cases, deserved) flak for not adopting standards is now incorporating one into the heart of their flagship product.”
But developers posting on the forum were not impressed.
“I'm not spending $2-3K going to BUILD [Microsoft developer event] just to get lectured on HTML, CSS, and Javascript... especially after investing so much time in my Silverlight framework,” said one.
Stuart McLeod, founder of Australian payroll SaaS developer PayCycle told iTnews the confusion vindicated their decision in April to switch from Silverlight to HTML.
“Without saying as much, Microsoft seems to be killing Silverlight with a thousand cuts,” they said.
McLeod said developers had to put in a lot of effort to work with Silverlight as it was “not as mature” as Microsoft had made out. Customers were demanding applications in HTML, they said.
Microsoft's PR team has been contacted for clarity on the issue but have referred the matter to the vendor's US office.
A Republican state representative in Georgia on Tuesday introduced a bill that would restrict women's ability to wear a burqa or veil in their driver's license photo and in public places, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
State Rep. Jason Spencer's bill would expand current law, aimed at Ku Klux Klan members, that bans people from wearing masks that hide their identity to apply to women as well. The law currently bans men from wearing a mask, hood, or other device that hides a portion of the face, and Spencer's House Bill 3 would add women to that ban. This would impact Muslim women who wear traditional burqas and veils.
The bill would ban men and women from wearing items that hide portions of their face “upon any public way or public property” including while “operating a motor vehicle upon any public street, road or highway.” The current law provides exceptions to the ban but does not include any exemptions for religious garb.
Spencer's bill would also ban people from wearing devices that hide their faces in their driver's license photo.
Obama holdover tasked with ‘Countering violent extremism' resigns
George Selim, a prominent Obama administration holdover known for engaging fringe Islamic radicals, has resigned from the Department of Homeland Security. Selim left their post as director of Countering Violent Extremism (CVE), a senior administration official who is not authorized to discuss personnel matters confirmed to Conservative Review Sunday.
The former DHS chief submitted their resignation Friday, following their testimony Thursday before the House Oversight Committee.
A DHS source familiar with the situation who is not permitted to discuss the matter publicly explained that Selim often clashed with Trump administration officials, who sought to do away with the past president's policies. Senior officials effectively quashed Selim's efforts to maneuver Obama White House policies and strategies into the new administration, leaving a frustrated Selim with resignation as their only option.
Conservative national security experts have almost unanimously condemned the CVE approach as an ineffective program (at its best), and one that empowers Islamist groups and undermines Muslim reformers (at its worst).
The CVE program is seen as dangerous because its inherent political correctness disallows counter-terror analysts from observing whether there is a religious component to radical Islamic terrorism. Under President Obama, countless Muslim Brotherhood-connected groups shuffled in and out of the White House to stake their claims in the debate.
These groups share an extremist, caliphatist worldview shared by the likes of ISIS and al-Qaida. While the well-intentioned Obama administration thought it was battling terror recruitment, its officials were arguably building a bridge to jihadism.
Not surprisingly, CVE failed to quantify any objective counterterrorism successes. Instead, the legacy of the Obama era includes a United States that is swamped by potential Islamic extremists, without much of a mechanism to de-radicalize these individuals (many of whom are homegrown radical Islamists). The FBI has now opened up terror-related investigations in all 50 states.
Before leading Obama's CVE efforts, George Selim worked in the previous White House National Security Council, generating policy initiatives alongside top officials like Ben Rhodes and Susan Rice.
As a centerpiece for the Obama administration's counter-extremism efforts, the White House chose to engage radical groups with the hopes of curbing even the efforts of even more fringe actors.
In their official duties, Selim admitted to hosting hundreds of meetings with officials from the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), an Islamic advocacy group that federal prosecutors have labeled as a Muslim Brotherhood front group that was created to achieve the ends of Hamas (a U.S.-designated terrorist organization).
While Selim was empowering CAIR, the FBI took the opposite approach, as the Justice Department agency had sidelined the group due to its Islamist ties.
Selim's resignation will be perceived by conservative national security hawks as a major policy victory — one that illustrates a firm break on the issue of radical Islam between President Trump and their predecessor.
Conservative Review has reached out to the Department of Homeland Security for comment on Selim's resignation. This story will be updated if a response is received.
Editor's note: This article has been updated to add more detail about the unnamed sources and to note that Conservative Review is awaiting comment from the Department of Homeland Security.
Hi HEXers. It seems fitting that I'm typing this from inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, the site of Cryptozoic's 2013 World of Warcraft Trading Card Game North American Continental Championship. Yeah, that's a mouthful. With $237,000 in PayPal donations-- growing every day from our Slacker Backer pledges-- we're over 2.5 million dollars for HEX!
That means we're going to HEX Con! Just a few weeks ago, this was just a dream, so we don't have any specifics yet aside from this: all backers, from Squire to Producer, will receive all digital items from the convention whether or not they attend as thanks for believing in HEX and making this campaign such a success. This also means that you King backers and above will be getting that early Friday sneak peek!
International Tee-Shirts
For you HEX fans outside of the United States, we have international shirt sales up! Head to our International Store and pick out your favorite design: Underworld, Ardent, or HEX logo. Remember, the order window closes June 30th and we're shipping in August, so get yours today.
Convention Season
We've been busy this week at E3, showcasing HEX to media and industry people. Cory dropped by the Gamespot E3 stage to discuss the game and our mission. As you may have heard, the Gamespot video showed both the Shroomkin city and the Shin'hare dojo panoramas. If you missed out, you can see that video at the bottom of today's update.
Treasure Chests
As you probably heard over the week, we'll be introducing treasure chests into booster packs and those will contain super sweet items and vary in rarity. They're a huge value add for you, the players. We can't speak about them specifically yet, but as soon as we can, we'll make that announcement.
Fan Websites
What an engaging group we have! Many HEX backers have started their own fan websites and our community has compiled a list of them on our forums.
I also want to help you feature your best content, so please tweet me (@HEXTCG) your best articles and I'll retweet the links as I can. We're working on more tools for you content creators and I'm looking to announce support before alpha.
Vanity Cards, Dungeon Development, Sleeves, Gen Con Dinner, and More
For you Dragon Lord backers and above, you have some super special rewards coming your way. We'll be in contact sometime in the week to start the process of collecting art references, descriptions, and more for your vanity cards, dungeons, sleeves, and the like as well as provide you information about the Gen Con dinner.
On HEXTCG.com
Mike K knows you PVE fans have been hungry for more information. They give a brief overview of a few of the dungeons he's been working on this week: The Ambush, Wild Heist, and Wooly Bully. Orc Ninjas await!
That's all for this week. I'll have your Vennen race art update next week as well as more info as we progress through HEX development. In case you missed the Kickstarter campaign, remember that you can still support HEX as a Slacker Backer.
Have a great weekend and if you haven't already, please Like us on Facebook, Follow us on Twitter, Subscribe on YouTube, Follow us on Twitch, and register on the forums. Thanks!
A Senate committee has approved a bill that would ban local governments from raising the minimum hourly wage in Iowa.
A Senate committee has approved a bill that would ban local governments from raising the minimum hourly wage in Iowa, effectively causing pay cuts for some workers.The 9-6 vote Wednesday by the Senate State Government Committee means the bill is now available for debate in the full Republican-controlled chamber, where it has support.The GOP-led House passed the bill this month. The pending vote in the Senate would be the final legislative action on the bill before it's sent to Gov. Terry Branstad. The Republican governor has indicated they back the legislation. The bill would prohibit cities or counties from adopting or enforcing ordinances that raise the minimum hourly wage above the state level of $7.25. That would override wage increases approved in Polk, Johnson, Linn and Wapello counties.Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
A Senate committee has approved a bill that would ban local governments from raising the minimum hourly wage in Iowa, effectively causing pay cuts for some workers.
The 9-6 vote Wednesday by the Senate State Government Committee means the bill is now available for debate in the full Republican-controlled chamber, where it has support.
Advertisement
The GOP-led House passed the bill this month. The pending vote in the Senate would be the final legislative action on the bill before it's sent to Gov. Terry Branstad. The Republican governor has indicated they back the legislation.
The bill would prohibit cities or counties from adopting or enforcing ordinances that raise the minimum hourly wage above the state level of $7.25. That would override wage increases approved in Polk, Johnson, Linn and Wapello counties.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
AlertMe
When a politician drops 10 percentage points in the polls in a year, a reasonable assumption is that it has probably not been a very good year.
Then again, “reasonable” has not really applied to Hillary Rodham Clinton's presumed run for the presidency in 2016.
Since January, Hillary Rodham Clinton has seen the percentage of Democrats and Democratic leaning independents who would vote for them in a primary or caucus drop by 10 points, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.
Then again, they still have a 47-point lead over their nearest competitor, Vice President Joe Biden, who clocks in at 14 percent in a new poll. Liberal-wing darling Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D) of Massachusetts comes in third at 13 percent, up 6 percentage points since June.
What does it all amount to? So far, probably nothing more than a gradual and very expected return to earth for the former secretary of State.
At some point, Clinton was going to have to pivot from being the secretary who launched two fawning teledramas to being, well, a politician again – and they were never likely to pull that off without some drag on their atmospheric approval.
This year, they began that pivot with a book tour that, whiles perhaps less than scintillating, at least put them back in front of the public saying presidential sorts of things. Gone was the dutiful-yet-chic Obama administration civil servant with blackberry and sunglasses. Enter the candidate-to-be.
For some in the Democratic Party, Clinton's pronouncements might have removed some gloss. They are, after all, more hawkish than President Obama, and as the First Friend of Bill, they are no enemy of the American middle or Wall Street. The result has been a (very) low level liberal insurgency, looking for a potential candidate to challenge Clinton, or at least to drive them further to the left.
Hence the rise of Senator Warren.
But Clinton appears in no danger of being tea partyed by the liberal left. Among the most liberal respondents, Clinton still holds a 63-21 percent lead over Warren, the Post-ABC poll found.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Clinton's numbers will likely drop further as the 2016 race takes shape. With Jeb Bush essentially announcing for the race this month, that process is beginning to speed up.
To nervous Clinton supporters, however, 2014 does not yet appear to hold hints of 2008, when the front-runner Clinton found themselves overtaken by Barack Obama. Instead, for Clinton, a 10-point loss in 2014 looks more like a sign that 2016 is actually starting to get real.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Clinton, Sanders battle it out with days until Wisconsin vote 2:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
SHEBOYGAN, Wisconsin — Senator Bernie Sanders said that their Democratic presidential primary opponent former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton owed them and their campaign an apology Friday evening over an ongoing spat about donations from the fossil fuel industry.
"Secretary Clinton, you owe us an apology. We were telling the truth,” Sanders in response to accusations from Clinton's campaign that they and their campaign had been “lying" and misconstruing Clinton's relationship with the oil and gas industry.
“The truth is that Secretary Clinton has relied heavily on funds from lobbyists working for the oil, gas, and coal industry,” Sanders said in front of a crowd of about 2,200 people in Sheboygan South High School.
Sanders argued that Clinton's campaign and Super PAC has received "more than $4.5 million from the fossil fuel industry" and said "57 oil, gas, and coal industry lobbyists have directly contributed to their campaign" citing an analysis done by the environmental organization Greenpeace.
The Clinton team quickly responded, saying they would not apologize. Clinton's campaign said Sanders was going out of their way to "deliberately mislead voters rather than debate the issues."
"We will not apologize for calling out these kinds of schemes for what they are: a desperate move from a campaign that has clearly decided that the only hope for a path to victory is through misleading attacks," Clinton campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement to NBC News.
Palmieri also said the Sanders campaign has received campaign contributions from "individuals who work for oil and gas companies."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sanders Challenges Clinton on Them 'Home' Turf Ahead of New York Primary 2:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Between this most recent back-and-forth and Clinton's critiques of Sanders' response to GOP front-runner Donald Trump's controversial remarks on abortion, this week has become one of the most contentious weeks in the Democratic primary race thus far.
The controversy started Thursday when a video came out on social media showing an activist from Greenpeace confronting Clinton on the issue of fossil fuel industry contributions at a rally at SUNY Purchase in Purchase, New York.
Clinton started to answer the question before getting visibly angry and shaking their finger at the young woman. "I have never ... I am so sick, I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me. I am sick of it," they said forcefully.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hillary Clinton: 'I Am So Sick of the Sanders Campaign Lying About Me' 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Since then, an ongoing debate has erupted between the two campaigns over the fossil fuel industry's influence in the democratic race.
The Sanders campaign is standing by the Greenpeace analysis, which examines almost $1.5 million bundled for the campaign by lobbyists for the fossil fuel industry and over $3.2 million from "large donors" with fossil fuel interests for the Clinton backing Super PAC, Priorities USA.
Clinton's campaign has pushed back hard, pointing to the Center For Responsive Politics which shows Clinton receiving over $300,000 from the "Oil and Gas" industry, but also Sanders receiving over $54,000 from the sector. This list focuses primarily on employees who work in either oil or gas.
MyChillNews: An NLP-driven guide for conscious consumption of stressful news
Daniel Saunders Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 4, 2017
Daniel, right, along with Greg and April of the Insight team
Daniel Saunders participated in the Insight Health Data Science program in the Fall of 2016, and currently works as a Data Scientist at Wayfair. Previously, Daniel was a postdoctoral fellow at the Center for Mind/Brain Sciences of the University of Trento, and received their PhD in Psychology from Queen's University. While at Insight, Daniel built an NLP-driven engine to generate stress impact scores for newspaper front pages, trained on the reactions of Facebook users to news story headlines. In this blog post, they describe their creative process in developing this project.
Introduction
For my Insight Health Data Science project, I wanted to tackle a problem related to mental health, since my Ph.D. is in Psychology and my father is a mental health advocate in British Columbia. In particular, I decided to focus on the immediate impact on our stress and happiness levels of the media we consume.
Much news website front pages are a pure blast of stress hormones, something researchers have pointed to as reducing our lifespan by potentially adding anxiety and sadness to our daily routines. So much so that a writer for The Guardian wrote News is bad for you - and giving up reading it will make you happier (and they work for a newspaper!). News sites are optimized to get as many eyeballs as possible, and to grab and hold our attention and emotions. Consumers who want to find out what's going on in the world while also managing their stress levels should have something optimized for them.
With this in mind, I used a combination of web scraping, natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning to create my app, MyChillNews.co (GitHub link), which guides readers towards conscious consumption of stressful daily news. The idea is not to replace daily news with puppies and kittens, but to provide a portal to real news sources while alerting the user to the stress-inducing qualities of each one. You might still choose to go to that upsetting front page, but at least you will be prepared.
A False Start with Twitter Data
In the first two weeks of the project, I worked with Twitter data, using Tweepy to collect all tweets that contained links to top news stories. I applied sentiment analysis to the remaining words in those tweets to determine whether the user had a positive or negative reaction.
I collected over 200,000 tweets that contained links to front page news stories. Then I trained a logistic regression classifier on Stanford's Sentiment140 training set, which contains tweets that were hand labelled as having positive or negative sentiment. I represented each tweet in my collection as a mean of word2vec word embeddings that were then classified as positive or negative.
Although I was able to score my tweets this way along a positive/negative sentiment axis, I was unsatisfied with the results. It seemed that most tweets containing a link added no commentary whatsoever. Even when there was commentary, there was only room for a few words in the 140 characters after the URL was included. When I looked at the results, they didn't always make intuitive sense to me: stories about bombings were sometimes rated as having much less stressful content than stories about mild political conflict. My problem, I realized, was that I had no way either to measure the accuracy of my stressfulness predictions, or to interrogate what was driving a particular rating.
Switching to Facebook Reaction Data
I tried a lot of things to verify my stressfulness ratings — I even put some time into the idea of using a heartrate monitor on a test reader, to see how my ratings compared to their physical reaction to selected stories!
Then I realized that the Facebook Graph API would allow me to access emotional reactions to news stories, as they were posted on the official Facebook pages of news organizations and then passed around the internet. If you've used Facebook in the last year or two you've seen that there is now a menu of possible emotional reactions beyond “Like” — including “Angry” and “Sad”.
Example of a typical news story on Facebook, and the reactions that individual users can select for it.
Perfect! Now I had objective data to show that at least some people found a news story enraging or saddening, exactly what I meant when I thought of a story being stressful.
However, I no longer had the element of timeliness that Twitter gave me, since stories are often posted later in the day on Facebook and take time to circulate around and gather reactions.
I decided to pivot the project and build an engine to predict sad and angry reactions to a story based solely on its headline, trained on historical data. That way I could generate a stress impact score for a story before a single person read it. (If any current Insight fellows are reading this, although it worked for me, I don't recommend this size of pivot in week 4!)
Data Collection and Model Training
I collected over 12,000 stories posted on Facebook by my 10 news websites during several weeks, including the headline text and counts of the angry and sad reactions to them.
I used the words in each headline as predictive features for reactions. For the dependent measure, I computed a metric for each story which I called the Stress Impact Score: first, I took the mean of the ratio of sad and angry reactions to the total number of reactions to the story, to adjust for the fact that some stories get many more reactions than others; I then took the square root of this measure, because the distribution of stories along the stress axis was highly skewed, that is, a few stories made some people very mad and sad.
Since I now had a ground truth to train against — the Facebook reactions — I could evaluate my first-pass model, which was a Random Forest regression implemented in Scikit-learn. This had some predictive power, although was a little disappointing, so I decided to return to it later to optimize it.
To train my Random Forest Regression model, I used the words in each headline as predictive features for the reactions to it on Facebook. My training set consisted of 12,122 stories posted on Facebook by various news sites. Each morning, my app scrapes the first 10 headlines from 10 news webpages, and uses my model to rank the sites by predicted proportion of angry/sad reactions.
The Stress Impact of a Front Page
Now that I had a model with which to score individual news headlines for their stress impact, I began to think about how to summarize entire front pages, defined as the top 10 stories on the news websites.
I decided to do this by taking a simple arithmetic average of the Stress Impact Score across the top 10 stories from each news source, which I then converted into a percentile across all headlines in the database. This way, I could evaluate today's front page headlines not in isolation — since I expected some days to have more stressful front pages than others, such as when some traumatic national-level event happens — but relative to historical days overall. I represented these scores to the user as a colour ranging from blue (least stressful) to red (most stressful), since the scale of the numbers would be meaningless.
For each news source, I took the mean of the Stress Impact Score for its top 10 stories. The news sources were then ranked by the percentile in which its mean Stress Impact Score fell across all headlines in the database. The colours ranged from blue (least stressful) to red (most stressful).
Building the MyChillNews App
I conceived of MyChillNews as a site to visit every day instead of going directly to news sites. My Python scripts running on AWS download the HTML of the front pages for all 10 sites twice per day, at 6:30 a.m. and 11 a.m., and also grab an image of the front page with PhantomJS and Selenium which I then resize to a thumbnail. I extract the top headlines for each news source using BeautifulSoup. This was one of the most time consuming parts of the project, since I had to write a custom scraper for each of the 10 sites, with CSS selectors to extract only major headlines and nothing else.
Once I retrieve the morning's headlines, I process the text and then assign each story a Stress Impact Score, using the model that was trained on Facebook headlines and reactions. I only retrained and reuploaded this model every couple of weeks, since many of the same stressful words and phrases will stay relevant day after day.
It was important to me that MyChillNews be simple and appealing to use, and give users the feeling of piloting their news consumption rather than having their choices limited. I made a slider to let users pick their maximum level of stress exposure for the day, and — with the help of my brother, who is a JavaScript whiz — added a drag-and-drop menu to pick the order of preference for news sources. When either of these options are changed, a recommendation for a news source to suit the day's level of stress tolerance appears, along with the thumbnail preview of the front page, to give you another hint about what you might be in for. Clicking on the thumbnail takes you to that front page.
An example screenshot of the MyChillNews app.
Optimizing the Model
Late in the timeline I found a few hours to iterate on my basic Random Forest Regression model, and found that I could improve performance significantly by trying different algorithms and optimizing various parameters. The parameters included text pre-processing choices, as well as algorithm settings. In the end, I found that a ridge regression on a bag of words representation of each headline, using both single words and two-word combinations, with stop words and common words removed but no tf-idf or stemming, produced the best predictive model, with an R² of 0.43 on the withheld test set.
I included the news source as a feature in my model, after some internal debate. Although it greatly improved the predictive power of my model, it also led to less sensitivity to changes in news source stress ratings from one day to the next. In addition, the same exact headline would be predicted to be more angry/sad if it appeared on the Fox News website than if it appeared in the LA Times. I'm still not sure if this was the right call.
The success of my model is in its ability to predict the stressful impact of a front page as a whole, so I evaluated it on the test set on that basis, averaging my predictions for the top 10 stories and comparing them to the reality. After the optimization, my model achieved an R² of 0.80.
Even more than the test set scores, I was reassured by looking at the words and phrases that carried the largest coefficients in the regression model. For example, here are word clouds produced from the most and least stressful headlines from October 2016.
Word clouds produced from the least (left) and most (right) stressful headlines, from October 2016.
Conclusion
The worst part of this project was ironically having to expose myself to large quantities of high stress news. I'm even less of a fan now! The Daily Mail in particular, which is always red in my app, has headlines designed to push our worst buttons of fear and xenophobia (I made an Easter egg for my app that compiles the most horrifying Daily Mail headline of each day, but be warned, it's rough stuff).
I was excited to bring together some past technical skills that I had, from Python to web scraping to machine learning, with new challenges such as Flask, AWS, and JavaScript, to a project that demanded creative judgment calls and directly addressed the topic of everyday mental health.
Ancient Water World: Tectonics on Pluto's Moon Charon Point to Frozen Subsurface Ocean
Charon is Pluto's largest moon and, despite being so cold and remote from the Sun, has been revealed to be a fascinating and active world, just like Pluto itself. Residing in the far outskirts of the Solar System, it had been expected that Charon—and Pluto for that matter—would be little more than frozen, dead worlds. But just like the rest of the Solar System, there were surprises waiting to be found. Thanks to the New Horizons spacecraft, we got our first close-up views of the Pluto system in July 2015. It soon became evident that not only were Pluto and Charon geologically active in the ancient past, but they perhaps still are in some ways even now. One of the most surprising findings was both Pluto and Charon likely had subsurface water oceans; while it is thought that Pluto's is probably still liquid, Charon's is likely completely frozen, and now additional evidence for its existence has been published by researchers.
The evidence is presented in a new paper in Icarus titled “Charon Tectonics,” and it suggests that Charon was not only tectonically active in the past, but also possessed a subsurface ocean which is now frozen. The new paper is a summary of observations from New Horizons' Long-Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI, Cheng et al., 2008) and the Multi-spectral Visible Imaging Camera (MVIC) on the Ralph instrument (Reuter et al., 2008). The conclusion in brief is that Charon has undergone “global extension” which produced the tectonic features seen by New Horizons and provides evidence for the subsurface ocean. Basically, expanding ice in the slowly freezing ocean would cause the surface to stretch and fracture. From the paper:
“The global characteristics of Charon's tectonics are striking: (1) extension dominates over the entirety of Charon's northern terrain up to and including the scarps that border Vulcan Planum, whose resurfaced units bury the flanks of the rifts; (2) there is no evidence for compressional faulting or strike-slip faulting; (3) the extension is inferred to be relatively ancient (up to ∼4 Ga), based on the superposition of many craters and Vulcan Planum units, which are themselves relatively heavily cratered; and (4) the roughly polygonal extension across the northern terrain does not indicate a preferred direction of extensional stress, whereas the roughly east-west alignment of the major chasmata implies major north-south extension across the entire structural belt represented by the chasmata.
“The widespread patterns of extensional tectonics detailed here suggest that Charon experienced a few kilometers of radial expansion. One possible mechanism for driving such expansion is the refreezing of a subsurface ocean. Charon's silicate interior likely contained enough energy to initially melt part of an overlying ice shell, especially given the evidence for ammonia in Charon's compositional makeup (Grundy et al., 2016a). As that heat was lost and the mostly-water ocean froze, the inevitable volume expansion from the phase change would have driven expansion of the crust, leading to extensional tectonics and perhaps cryovolcanism. This assumed sequence of events indicates that all of Charon's tectonic activity would derive from this ocean-freezing period. Once freezing was complete, Charon became a much less dynamic world, and has been tectonically ‘quiet' for most of the subsequent history of the Solar System.”
Fault-bounded troughs and scarps can be seen in the equatorial to middle latitudes, transitioning over the north polar region into an irregular zone where the fault traces are not as parallel or obvious, but which contains irregular depressions and other large relief variations. The faults seen on Charon's “encounter hemisphere” during the closest approach by New Horizons likely extend around the whole moon. In some place, the valleys can be up to 4 miles (6.5 kilometers) deep.
Even though Pluto and Charon are a binary system as well as being a dwarf planet and moon system, the geological histories of the two bodies appear to be quite different. Charon's outer shell is composed of frozen water ice and is very rigid. But on Pluto, the diverse kinds of surface ices (CO, N, CH4, etc.) are much softer. The nitrogen ice glaciers seen on Pluto are not possible on Charon, and Pluto's thin atmosphere causes additional degradation and erosion of features.
Earlier evidence for the frozen ocean on Charon had been reported on by AmericaSpace as well. An even earlier report, before the New Horizons flyby, also predicted evidence for a former liquid ocean on Charon.
“The New Horizons spacecraft should provide the first images of the surfaces of Pluto and Charon,” according to the researchers, which was published in the journal Icarus. “Our predictions indicate that the presence (or absence) of tidally driven fractures could be used to constrain Charon's internal structure and orbital parameters at the time of fracture formation. Furthermore, these fractures should be distinct from those produced through orbital recession and de-spinning. If tidally driven fractures are quite prevalent, it would require that Charon experienced a high eccentricity during its orbital evolution and that the ice shell remained relatively warm during this time period. In contrast, very limited tidal fracturing would place upper limits on Charon's eccentricity and the viscosity of the ice shell. The specific distribution of fractures, either sparse or numerous, could be used to further distinguish between a thick and thin ice shell.”
As also noted by Dr. Alyssa Rhoden, a planetary scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center:
“Our model predicts different fracture patterns on the surface of Charon depending on the thickness of its surface ice, the structure of the moon's interior and how easily it deforms, and how its orbit evolved. By comparing the actual New Horizons observations of Charon to the various predictions, we can see what fits best and discover if Charon could have had a subsurface ocean in its past, driven by high eccentricity.”
Why did Charon's ocean freeze solid? Radioactive decay of elements as well as some internal heat left over from the moon's formation would have helped to keep a layer of liquid water beneath the surface, but eventually it would have cooled down with little or no other sources of heat available. Since water expands when it freezes, it kept pushing outward until Charon was almost “bursting at the seams.” This led to fracturing of the surface that dwarfed even the Grand Canyon on Earth. Serenity Chasma, part of a vast equatorial belt of chasms on Charon, is at least 1,100 miles (1,800 kilometers) long, with chasms 4.5 miles (7.5 kilometers) deep. The Grand Canyon is only 277 miles (446 kilometers) long and just over a mile (1.6 kilometers) deep, by comparison. That is incredible geological activity for a body much smaller than Earth.
One of the more unusual features on Charon is the “mountain in a moat” where a large mountainous black of material is sitting in the middle of a shallow depression. While not yet how it formed, it is another clue to Charon's ancient geological history.
“The most intriguing feature is a large mountain sitting in a moat,” said Jeff Moore with NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, Calif., who leads New Horizons' Geology, Geophysics and Imaging team. “This is a feature that has geologists stunned and stumped.”
Charon's former ocean is fascinating, but it is not unique. As reported previously, Pluto itself is also now thought to have a subsurface ocean, but one that is likely at least partially still liquid. This discovery is even more surprising, since Pluto is far from the Sun in the remote outer Solar System. Similar to Charon, cracks and tension in the surface provide clues to the ocean's existence, but in Pluto's case it is not frozen solid.
The findings are part of an update on Pluto discoveries published in UANews and Nature. The focus is on Sputnik Planitia, the large plain of nitrogen ice which makes up half of Pluto's now-famous “heart” feature. Data from New Horizons shows that Sputnik Planitia appears to be in its present location on the surface due to an accumulation of ice which caused the dwarf planet to “roll over.” This created tension and cracks in the surface which point to a subsurface ocean of water, according to scientists.
To try to determine the interior composition of Pluto, researchers used observations made during New Horizons' flyby last year and combined them with computer models. This allowed them to take a surface feature such as Sputnik Planitia, shift it around on the planet's surface, and see what effect if any that had on the planet's spin axis. Whether Pluto's ocean could be potentially habitable is unknown at this point, but Alan Stern, principal investigator of the New Horizons mission, thinks it could be, as previously reported by AmericaSpace. It is also thought to likely be similar to subsurface oceans on moons such as Europa, Enceladus, Titan, and others.
“It certainly could be as long as it is warm enough. One other major criteria would be the presence of harmful toxins in the ocean, such as hydrogen peroxide,” Stern said. “The ocean on Pluto could be quite similar to those of icy moons since the same kinds of geological mechanisms are involved, with the same kind of heating process,” they added.
Not long ago, it would have been considered rather crazy to think that Pluto or its moons could have oceans. But now, just like many of the moons of the gas giant planets, it seems they do, or at least did. They are all subsurface oceans, unlike Earth's, but just the facts that such oceans can exist on many different worlds is a very exciting discovery in planetary exploration.
Follow our New Horizons mission page for regular updates.
Be sure to “LIKE” AmericaSpace on Facebook and follow us on Instagram & Twitter!
FanFest Tips
Entrances
Fans can enter FanFest using one of three Oracle Park entrances : Willie Mays Gate, Lefty O'Doul Gate and 2nd and King Street Gate. The Marina Gate will be used for exit only. Ballpark access will not be available from the Giants Dugout Store or Public House. All gates will open at 10:00 a.m.
Dignity Health Q&A Theater
The Dignity Health Q&A Theater will be stationed in Seals Plaza. From 10am-11am, Giants Spanish Broadcaster Erwin Higueros will conduct interviews with Spanish speaking Giants players and alumni. From 11am-3pm, you will find KNBR talent conducting live interviews with players, coaches and medical staff. Fans will have the opportunity to ask questions to the players and featured VIPs. The theater can only be accessed from inside the ballpark; through the Garden on field level. The theater will not be accessible from outside the ballpark. Theater capacity will be closely monitored and enforced.
Autographs
Fans will find players, coaches, alumni, broadcasters and other Giants VIPs signing autographs at designated locations throughout Oracle Park. Autograph stations will be on the Alaska Airlines Club Level at Section 231(for kids 16 & under only), in the Alaska Airlines Loft and on the View Level at Sections 316 and 332. Please be advised that lines will be long. VIPs will rotate between stations approximately every 50 minutes. Posed photos are not permitted; limit one autograph per person, per VIP and waiting for the next group of VIPs is not permitted. The lines must continuously move. The Giants aim to keep fans waiting in line informed of the wait times throughout the day, but it is likely that not all fans in line will receive an autograph.
If a guest is unable to stand in line due to mobility, they can visit the autograph station exit to receive an access pass for a designated return time (mirroring the main line wait time). The access pass allows the guest to return to that autograph station's exit to be integrated into the line. The access pass will be valid for the pass holder and up to 3 guests only.
Selfie Station
Fans will have the chance to take a selfie with players, coaches, alumni, broadcasters and other Giants VIPs at the Selfie Station on the View Level at Section 302. Please be advised that lines will be long. VIPs will rotate between stations approximately every 50 minutes. Limit one selfie per person, per VIP and waiting for the next group of VIPs is not permitted. The lines must continuously move. The Giants aim to keep fans waiting in line informed of the wait times throughout the day, but it is possible that not all fans in line will receive a selfie.
If a guest is unable to stand in line due to mobility, they can visit the selfie station exit to receive an access pass for a designated return time (mirroring the main line wait time). The access pass allows the guest to return to that station's exit to be integrated into the line. The access pass will be valid for the pass holder and up to 3 guests only.
Transportation Options
As always, taking transit, walking, or biking are the best ways to reach Oracle Park. Those planning to drive or take transit should plan ahead using the resources below. Please allow extra time due to construction and Port/ship activity in the area.
Fans taking public transportation should be aware of modifications to Caltrain and Muni's normal service. All other public transit services will operate on a regular Saturday schedule. Please use trip-planning apps or visit individual operators' websites for up-to-the-minute information on arrivals.
Caltrain: Allow extra time due to the Caltrain Electrification Tunnel Work. As on all weekends since October, northbound rail service ends just south of San Francisco, at Bayshore Station, with express buses providing connections to and from 4 th and King Station, just one block from Oracle Park. Caltrain will have buses waiting at the Bayshore station for each train arrival and will have ambassadors on hand to help guide people to the correct bus. Caltrain will run an extra northbound train to get fans to the ballpark for the beginning of FanFest, at 10 a.m.
See the full schedule After the event, please refer to the regular weekend schedule . to identify a train time that works for you.
Muni Metro: The N-Judah and two special ballpark trains will provide normal service along the Embarcadero to and from Oracle Park. Due to construction on the UCSF platform in Mission Bay, the T-Third will be replaced by buses running approximately every nine minutes from Embarcadero Station (board on Spear Street between Market and Mission streets) to Sunnydale via Oracle Park (with temporary bus stops along the sidewalk at the 2 nd and King intersection). All rail lines will run as normal between Embarcadero Station and westward points, including the entirety of the Market Street and Twin Peaks tunnels.
For real-time information on bus and train arrivals: N-Judah: https://www.sfmta.com/routes/n-judah T-Third Bus Substitution: https://www.sfmta.com/routes/t-third-bus-substitution Links to information on other relevant lines: https://www.sfmta.com/travel-updates/giants-fan-fest
Parking
Due to construction activity around Oracle Park, there is limited parking north of the park at Pier 30/32 and 1 Bryant. Located on the Embarcadero at Bryant Street, Pier 30/32 and 1 Bryant are a 10-minute walk along the waterfront to Oracle Park. Lots open at 8 a.m. Cost is $10, cash only.
Lot A will be open, but lane closures on 3rd Street could cause increased congestion in the area. Fans coming from the south should exit I-280 North from Cesar Chavez or Mariposa and access Lot A or Pier 48 via Illinois and Terry A. Francois Boulevard. Lots open at 8 a.m. Cost is $10, cash only.
Biking
Operated by the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition, secure bike parking will be available on the Portwalk near the Dignity Health Center.
Food and Beverage
Concession stands will be open throughout the ballpark serving food and drink (including alcohol).
Oracle Park Hidden Gems
Fans are encouraged to tour the Giants Press Box and see the field from the media's perspective. Fans can also visit The Garden, located behind the centerfield wall, to see fruits and vegetables growing in a unique setting. The three World Series Championship Trophies and Rings are located on the Promenade Level, directly behind home plate.
KNBR Broadcast Stage
From 10:00am-3:00pm KNBR talent will broadcast live from the KNBR Stage in front of Sections 126/127, interviewing Giants players, coaches and executives throughout the day. Fans can sit in the stands to watch and listen to their favorite players and KNBR personalities.
Getting On & Off the Field
The following sections will be open for entrance and exit: 129, 104, 102, 101
The following sections will be open for exit only: 109, 148, 147, 146, 145
Ticket Sales
2019 Giants single game tickets can be purchased at the Box Office on King Street adjacent to Willie Mays Plaza beginning at 8:00 a.m. Tickets will also be sold inside the park, once gates open.
Digital Dugout
New for 2019, Giants tickets are mobile only via the Ballpark app. Visit the Digital Dugout inside the Visitor's Dugout to learn more about the free MLB Ballpark app. Staff will be onsite to help you download, login, buy tickets and more. At FanFest only, those who download the app can purchase tickets without fees and redeem a FREE mystery item.
Rain Plan
FanFest will take place rain or shine. Come prepared!
Image caption Cardinal Bertone is the Vatican's number two
The Vatican has stepped up its criticism of raids by Belgian police investigating alleged child sex abuse, calling the detention of priests "serious and unbelievable".
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the Vatican Secretary of State, said "there are no precedents, not even under the old communist regimes".
They claimed the priests were held for nine hours without eating or drinking.
Several buildings of the Belgium Church were searched on Thursday.
Bishops holding a meeting there were barred from leaving the premises for several hours.
"It was sequestration, a serious and unbelievable act," said Cardinal Bertone.
'Astonishment'
Police in Leuven seized nearly 500 files and a computer from the offices of a Church commission investigating allegations of sex abuse.
They also searched the Church's headquarters, the Brussels archdiocese in Mechelen, north of the Belgian capital.
Prosecutors have said the raids were over alleged "abuse of minors committed by a certain number of Church figures".
On Friday, the Vatican voiced "astonishment" at how the raids have been carried out, saying police had drilled holes in two archbishops' tombs.
The Vatican said the raids had led to the "violation of confidentiality of precisely those victims for whom the raids were carried out".
The Vatican has summoned the Belgian ambassador to the Holy See to voice their anger at the incident.
The Catholic Church in Belgium has apologised for its silence on abuse cases in the past.
Pin Yum 19K Shares
Tree ripened sweet peaches shine in my fresh peach salsa recipe!
Hi friends!
Don't you just love peach season? Peaches are one of those foods that are really best eaten in those magic dog days summer months when they come straight off the trees of the South Carolina or Georgia. Find the good ones and they are so juicy you need a paper towel to eat them. They just ooze Southern charm.
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Sure… you can get them other times and from other places but they just aren't the same. The good news is the long-awaited peach season is here and fully intend on going peach crazy. First up is my pretty darn delicious Fresh Peach Salsa recipe.
Bring on Peach Season... Fresh Peach Salsa from Running in a Skirt Click To Tweet
Here's why you'll love my Fresh Peach Salsa recipe…
I've shared a lot of fresh fruit salsa over the years, but it all started with my Fresh Peach Salsa recipe. I love it because it's basically an excuse for me to eat two of my favorite things at once… Mexican food and fruit! The recipe only calls for 6 ingredients and they are simple and easy to find.
My trick for making this easily is to use my small food chopper . I still don't have a big food processor (although I'd really like one!) but this small one is cheap, easy to clean and super handy. I put everything for the salsa in it except for the peaches. It creates a perfect finely chopped up consistency for the salsa. Just don't over chop! It also saves lots and lots of chopping time.
After I do the shortcut chop on everything else, I cut the peaches by hand in larger chunks so they really shine! This fresh Peach Salsa recipe is totally worth the time. Look how pretty it looks!
This salsa works great with chips or crackers as an appetizer. It also pairs delightfully with shrimp or fish! It's best eaten within a day of making it, or the peaches break down too much.
Any way you serve it this classic Fresh Peach Salsa recipe is a total crowd pleaser and one of my all-time favorites. It is litterally like a bright summer Southern day in a jar!
Enjoy!
Bring on Peach Season... Fresh Peach Salsa from Running in a Skirt Click To Tweet
Like this fresh Peach Salsa recipe? Pin this to your favorite board!
4.75 from 4 votes Print Fresh Peach Salsa recipe Prep Time 10 mins Total Time 10 mins Sweet southern peaches shine in my fresh peach salsa recipe! Course: Appetizer, Side Dish Cuisine: American, Mexican, Southern Keyword: Fresh Peach Salsa recipe Servings : 2 cups Ingredients 3 ripe peaches
1 plum tomato seeded and roughly chopped
1/2 jalapeno seeds removed and roughly chopped
1/2 small purple onion roughly chopped
1/4 cup cilantro roughly chopped
1 lime juiced
salt and pepper to taste
Garnish: additional cilantro Instructions Carefully cut peaches into 1/4 inch cubes Put all the other ingredients in a chopper or food processor for a rough chop. Don't pulverize, but get the pieces pretty small. Mix the peaches and salsa mix together. Garnish and serve! Recipe Notes For more spice keep the seeds in the jalapeño or add more jalapeño. For less spice use less jalapeño or substitute green bell pepper.
Bring on Peach Season... Fresh Peach Salsa from Running in a Skirt Click To Tweet
Use this salsa to make my Cedar Plank Salmon with peach salsa!
Also try…
Thanks for stopping by today!
The above link is an affiliate link. I do make a small commission if you click on it or make a purchase. I only link to items I have bought or would buy myself. Thank you for your support!
Your turn!
What's your favorite way to enjoy salsa? GO!
Ever had peach salsa?
The White House announced today that President Obama is signing the Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act in law allowing consumers to unlock cell phones from their carriers at the end of a contract.
Today, President Obama will sign into law the Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act, and in doing so, will achieve a rare trifecta: a win for American consumers, a win for wireless competition, and an example of democracy at its best — bipartisan congressional action in direct response to a call to action from the American people.
The legislation allowing consumers to legally unlock a cell phone first passed the Senate on July 16th, then received approval again from the House of Representatives on July 25th before moving to the President's desk today.
Senator Patrick Leahy and Jeff Zients, the Director of the National Ecomic Council, describe the implications of the new law:
The bill not only restores the rights of consumers to unlock their phones, but ensures that they can receive help doing so if they lack the technological savvy to unlock on their own. The most important part of this joint effort is that it will have a real impact. As long as their phone is compatible and they have complied with their contracts, consumers will now be able to enjoy the freedom of taking their mobile service — and a phone they already own — to the carrier that best fits their needs.
Finally, the White House shared a statement from President Obama on the bill becoming law:
Photo: Andrei Lubimov / Moskva (News Agency)
On April 8, the judge of the Presnensky Court of Moscow, Evgeny Naidenov, extended the detention period of mathematics teacher Dmitry Bogatov for another 72 hours. On April 7, the same judge had released them on their own recognizance granted that they did not travel. The teacher was suspected of inciting mass riots. However, on the night of April 7-8, the Investigative Committee presented them with two more serious charges: “calling for terrorist activities or justifying the use of terrorism via the Internet” and “organizing riots”. A new hearing for their arrest will be held on April 10. Meduza explains how one night changed the entire picture.
On April 1, Russia's Investigation Committee initiated a case on incitement of mass riots on the basis on online messages “calling for extreme actions” posted on March 29. Apparently, the messages were about a protest that had anonymously been announced for April 2 in Moscow. On April 6, the Investigation Committee detained the first suspect in the case without giving their name. According to investigators, “the suspect posted materials calling for riots in the center of Moscow with the help of special software designed to hide traces of their Internet presence, [namely] using servers based in [foreign states].”
On April 7, it became known that the suspect was a twenty-five-year-old mathematics lecturer at Moscow's Finance and Law University Dmitry Bogatov. The same day, Moscow's Presnensky Court judge Evgeny Naidenov rejected the Committee's plea to take the preventative measure of detaining Bogatov. The judge agreed with the arguments of Bogatov's lawyer Alexei Teptsov, who pointed to the fine print in Article 212 of Russia's criminal code – the precise article that Bogatov was being tried for – establishing that offenders, who could be sentenced to up to two years in prison, should not be detained as a preventive measure.
Before making their decision, the judge asked investigator Rakilov to clarify the what charges were being brought against the accused. Rakilov said that no charges had been made as of that point, as the investigation was still underway, adding, however, that though the case had been initiated under Article 212.3, “if anything,” the investigators would file more than necessary.
The court released Bogatov on their own recognizance not to travel, but they were still taken out of the hall in handcuffs. Bogatov's lawyer and relatives were sure that they would be released under a written undertaking not to leave the city within just a few hours. They were put in an isolation unit where they were to sign the necessary release documents. However, as their lawyer Aleksei Teptsov said in an interview with Meduza on April 8, became known that late in the evening it Bogatov had been taken away for interrogation at the Investigative Committee yet again. According to Teptsov, Bogatov was now also being investigated under Article 205.2 of the Criminal Code on ‘incitement of terrorist activities or justifying terrorism via the Internet.' Furthermore, Bogatov's charge on mass riots was changed, as well. “That is, Dmitry is not suspected of disseminating any information or appealing for mass riots, but of organizing mass riots,” explained their lawyer. “Investigative actions were carried out until half past five in the morning,” said the lawyer. During this period, the suspect had been interrogated and accused, formal charges were brought against him, and they were detained.
According to the lawyer, the basis of the new criminal case was the full text of the same article whose fragments were quoted by the investigator in the courtroom one day earlier. “I do not understand why it was presented in the form of a one [accusation] until yesterday and now there are signs of a different [accusation]. Apparently, investigators looked at the situation in a new way,” said Teptsov.
Teptsov also suggested that investigators were somehow withholding from the defense team. “Investigative teams should have very good reasons to change articles [under which people are accused], initiate new criminal cases, and reclassify Dmitry's actions in a matter of a couple of days. All the while, their involvement in posting [anything about mass protests] has in no way been confirmed,” they said. On the evening of April 7, the lawyer claimed that their client had nothing to do with posting the incendiary messages, especially as they had been posted on someone else's account under from different IP-addresses.
Dmitry Bogatov's mother Margarita Bogatova told Meduza that they have a documentary evidence of their son's innocence – surveillance footage showing Bogatov food shopping with their wife at the time of the incidence they are being accused off. Bogatova said that their son is a “very law-abiding person” and will not even cross the street unless there was a crosswalk.
“Nothing about them is illegal. They would not even hurt a cat, what incitement of mass riots could there possibly have been?! They and their wife – a genetic biologist – have [been vegan] for several years. They play chess; they learned Esperanto in three months and were supposed to go to the international meeting,” Bogatova told Meduza. According to her, their son did not participate (and did not intend to participate) in any protests: “He is an educated person” who spends their time reading news, but watches politics from the side lines and does not participate in politics or speak about it publicly, they said.
On April 8, the court prolonged Bogatov's detention for 72 hours. Their defense ask Judge Naydenov even before the investigator's motion to postpone the meeting in order to collect additional documents and evidence. “The investigator's petition was not examined [based on the evidence that was available],” Teptsov specified. Bogatov's hearing on “a preventive measure” is scheduled for April 10.
(CNN) — Good news for craft beer lovers in Hong Kong: there is more quality quaffage than ever before.
Depending on the hops, yeast and malts used in the brewing process, beer can range from thick, sweet and rich, like the high-alcohol German Doppelbock, to crisp, citrusy and bitter like an India Pale Ale (IPA).
Along the way there are beers as diverse as Lambic (a dry fruit ale made in Belgium) hefeweizen (a perfect refreshing summer treat) and stout (like Guinness, but with many even tastier options).
Craft beers are made in small batches with special attention paid to the quality of ingredients and the nuances of style.
"Craft beer is amazing because it has this awesome array of flavors that still can surprise and amaze you 20 years after you have had your first," says Jeff Boda, a journalist and beer critic whose company, Hop Leaf , imports American and Japanese craft brews like Rogue and Baird.
"These are artisan foods, made with love and skill and top-notch ingredients by people who love what they're doing."
Anyone curious about beer should check out Beer Advocate and Rate Beer , two websites with hundreds of beer reviews and guides to different styles.
But first, start a beer-ploration at these five Hong Kong beer bars that serve some of the finest brews on earth.
The Globe
Don't miss London Porter at The Globe. Courtesy Martin Cathrae/Creative commons/Flickr
Hong Kong's leading beer bar by a few dozen miles. The Globe has a large and varied selection of British and Belgian beers in a setting that is both spacious and intimate.
There are twelve beers on tap -- the largest draught selection in Hong Kong -- including the city's only hand-pumped cask ale, the Lantau-brewed Typhoon T8 English bitter. This sells out quickly, so call ahead to see if it's available.
It's the selection of roughly 75 bottled brews that really stands out. Some worth trying to include the rich and chocolaty Fullers London Porter, the crisp, hoppy Thornbridge Jaipur IPA and Theakston Old Peculier, a bittersweet old ale with hints of dried fruit.
Hop House
The Hop House boasts a locally-brewed house beer from Hong Kong Brewery and nearly 80 excellent bottled beers.
The house beer, Aldrich Bay Pale Ale, is passable but forgettable. Turn your attention instead to several craft beers from American breweries like Anderson Valley, Mendicino and Pyramid. The bitter, somewhat piney Anderson Valley Hop Ottin' American IPA is outstanding.
Also worth checking out: several good German beers from Allgäuer and a variety of good British beers, like the Gale's Prize Old Ale, a high-alcohol aged brew with notes of raisin.
Hop House is part of a chain of seven bars with nearly identical menus. The Lan Kwai Fong branch, known as the Hong Kong Brew House, has the highly-quaffable Fullers London Pride and Organic Honey Dew beers on tap.
The Beer Bay
If you want to drink good beer on a budget, make a trip down to the Beer Bay -- a pint-sized beer stall on the Central waterfront, which has six beers on tap and dozens of excellent British bottled brews.
There aren't really any seats here, unless you count the nearby steps, but there are a few standing tables that are popular places for evening commuters to gather with a pint of ale.
The offerings on tap are fairly standard, with the exception of Old Speckled Hen, a creamy, malty English pale ale that makes for an excellent everyday tipple. Look behind the counter for the real treasures, including many of the same great brews as the Globe but at nearly half the price.
Try the Durham St. Cuthbert, a hoppy, citrusy American-style IPA from a small brewery in the northeast of England. Also worth drinking is anything from Brew Dog, a Scottish brewery that has made a name for bitter, edgy ales.
city'super
city'super, Hong Kong's finest supermarket. Courtesy citysuper/creative commons/flickr
city'super is an upscale supermarket that has Hong Kong's best retail selection of beer. Even better, it constantly rotates its selection, with seasonal beers and new imports from craft breweries around the world.
There are plenty of beers here you won't find anywhere else. Keep an eye out for anything from California brewery Sierra Nevada, which produces the hop bomb Torpedo Extra IPA and the malty, intense Bigfoot Ale, a barleywine that gets better as it ages.
Also worth checking out: Anchor Steam, a unique style of lager pioneered in San Francisco, which is light, hoppy and extremely easy-drinking; and La Goudale, an earthy, sweet example of a French biere de garde.
Frites
You'll find the widest selection of Belgian beers in Hong Kong at Frites . Belgian brews range in style from generic Stella Artois-type lagers to impossibly complex tripels. Some of the most famous are brewed by Trappist monks; these are usually robust in flavor, full-bodied and high in alcohol.
The restaurant and beer hall has an enjoyable lowlands-theme with lots of mirrors, tile floors and big projection screens where you can watch the latest football match. Popular food items are the mussels and fries.
The selection of roughly 80 beers ranges from the mass produced Leffe and Hoegaarden to the ever-popular Trappist beer Chimay, along with many rare brews like Artevelde and Montagnarde.
However, you will need deep pockets to go on a real beer adventure at Frites, with most bottled beers ranging in price from $9-12 (HK$70-$100). There is a 50% discount on draught beers before 7 p.m. and 10% service charge.
Trafalgar
Five stories above Lockhart Road, Trafalgar lets you escape Wan Chai without actually leaving it. This is a likeable, easy-going place, with TVs for sports-watching, dart boards and a big terrace with fans and an awning that make it pleasant even in the summer heat and rain.
The draught selection is expansive, with 10 taps, but no particularly interesting options aside from the reliable Marston's Pedigree, an English Pale Ale, and the sweet, floral Kronenbourg Blanc, which is a summertime guilty pleasure.
Where Trafalgar really shines is in its large selection of more than 60 British bottles. Try Castle Rock Elsie Mo, a hoppy, fruity summer beer, or Wells Bombardier, a well-executed rendition of an Extra Special Bitter, with malty biscuit notes.
Biere von Irene
This is an unusual place for a few reasons. First, there's the location, on a busy pedestrian street in the heart of Yuen Long, a place not normally associated with anything other than ice-cold Blue Girl.
Then there's the fact that it's little more than a stall with fold-up tables, like a dai pai dong that only serves drinks.
But mainly it's the beer list that sets Biere von Irene apart. This is currently the only place in town that has draught beer from Rogue, the renowned, boundary-pushing Oregon brewer. There's also a good selection of bottled Rogue beers, as well as some from California's North Coast, like Old #38 Stout, which has a dry finish and a lightly roasted, slightly fruity taste reminiscent of Chinese herbal tea.
Biere von Irene is also the only place in town where you'll find stuff from thousand-year-old Austrian brewer Eggenberg, including the very potent Sanmichlaus, a doppelbock with 14% alcohol.
Aside from the Rogue on tap, the selection of which varies, there's also the unremarkable but refreshing Fürstenberg Weizen Hefe Hell, a German wheat beer.
Hop Leaf
Hopleaf carry a wide range of products from bottles and bombers to kegs and cans. Courtesy Hopeleaf HK
Hop Leaf , Hong Kong's newest beer importer, that brings in brews from four fantastic breweries in California, Oregon and Japan, which you can order online and have delivered to your home.
All of the beers are excellent, but standouts include Stone Brewing Company from San Diego -- which is known for its Stone IPA beer, Deschutes Brewery from Bend Oregon -- famed for Black Butte Porter, Mirror Pond Pale Ale and Fresh Squeezed IPA and Mikkeller from Copenhagen.
Beers can be purchased individually, in cases or in thoughtfully selected variety packs. There are also 30 liter kegs of Rogue Brutal IPA, Yellow Snow IPA and Double Chocolate Stout.
Belgian Beer Company
Cut out the middleman by ordering some of Belgium's best beers for delivery straight to your home. Some of the beers available at the Belgian Beer Company 's online shop include the incomparable Trappistes Rochefort 10, a nearly indescribably rich quadrupel made by trappist monks. You can also find the Saison Dupont, a funky, citrusy farmhouse ale, and the Champagne-like Deus Brut.
Americraft
Americraft imports a handful of interesting American craft brews from Anchor, Big Sky and Lost Coast. Try the Big Sky IPA, a straightforward take on the American IPA, and the Moose Drool Brown Ale, a well balanced brew with chocolate notes.
Mike Ashley's request for Rangers to repay a £5m loan immediately has been rejected
Just over half of Rangers' shareholders have voted against the immediate repayment of a £5m loan provided by Mike Ashley.
The Newcastle owner, who also has a 9% stake in the Scottish Championship club, called Friday's extraordinary meeting at Ibrox.
Meanwile, shareholders voted in favour of a board resolution to renegotiate existing retail agreements with Ashley.
Their Sports Direct firm currently owns 75% of the club's retail operation.
This will be adjusted down to 49% upon repayment of the loan and Ashley had insisted this was the best way for the club to restore some of their retail income.
Shareholders gathered at Ibrox on Friday
However, Rangers' board had asked shareholders to reject Ashley's resolution and proposed the renegotiation of the commercial deal.
Of the 78% of shareholders who took part, 53.64% voted against Ashley's request and 62.5% voted in favour of the board's resolution.
The English business person was not represented at Friday's summit at Ibrox and Rangers chairperson Dave King was also absent.
In March's EGM, Ashley and Sports Direct associates Derek Llambias and Barry Leach were voted off the board with King, Paul Murray and John Gilligan winning shareholders' backing to form the basis of a new board.
Rangers were subsequently delisted from the Alternative Investment Market and, as part of their resolution, Ashley wanted an explanation.
Director Paul Murray said at the EGM that Rangers were hoping to be listed on the ISDX stock exchange.
However, they and the other club board members present were prohibited from discussing the specifics of Rangers' retail deal with Sports Direct after Ashley's company won a court decision before the EGM.
Since the EGM, Rangers have appointed Mark Warburton and assistant David Weir as their new management team.
They will attempt to win the club promotion in the coming season, with Rangers having lost in the Premiership play-off final against Motherwell at the end of Stuart McCall's brief time in charge.
A recent lawsuit filed by 10 environmental groups against EPA alleges that EPCRA Section 313 Toxic Release Inventory (TRI) reporting should apply to oil and gas extraction companies. The environmental groups want TRI data regulatory requirements about releases to the environment to apply to oil drilling and exploration, hydraulic fracturing and natural gas processing activities.
According to the lawsuit recently filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, EPA conducted rulemaking in the 1996-1997 time frame to consider adding other industry sectors to the list of facilities required to complete TRI reporting. At that time, EPA concluded that "oil and gas extraction classified in SIC code 13 is believed to conduct significant management activities that involve EPCRA Section 313 chemicals." EPA did not regulate the oil and gas industry following these earlier rulemaking efforts and for that reason, in 2012, environmental groups petitioned EPA to initiate rulemaking to add the oil and gas industry to TRI reporting requirements. The lawsuit alleges that EPA has not responded to that petition.
The environmental groups also allege that 127 tons of hazardous air pollutants are released by the oil and gas industry annually as well as other releases to the environment through discharges to surface waters, contamination of groundwater, underground injection and disposal in landfills. The lawsuit contends that regulation of the oil and gas industry is even more important today given the expansion of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling.
The environmental groups bringing the lawsuit include the: Environmental Integrity Project, Center for Effective Government, Chesapeake Climate Action Network, Citizens for Pennsylvania's Future, Clean Air Council, Delaware Riverkeeper Network, Natural Resources Defense Council, Responsible Drilling Alliance, and Texas Campaign for the Environment.
The oil and gas industry has concluded that TRI requirements never were intended to cover such facilities given the few employees typically involved in these operations and the multitude of other regulations applicable to the oil and gas industry. They also look to the 1996-1997 rulemaking effort but with a different recollection recalling that EPA confirmed at that time that "…This industry group is unique in that it may have related activities located over significantly large geographic areas. While together these activities may involve the management of significant quantities of EPCRA section 313 chemicals in addition to requiring significant employee involvement, taken at the smallest unit (individual well), neither the employee nor the chemical thresholds are likely to be met." Industry advocates have criticized these environmental groups, and particularly the Environmental Integrity Project, for attempting to manipulate data in order to oppose oil and gas development and seeking to impose additional regulatory requirements on an industry already heavily regulated.
The TRI program is an expansive regulatory initiative that mandates annual reporting obligations for certain facilities that fall within specific industry sectors, have 10 or more full time employees and manufacture or process 25,000 pounds of toxic chemicals subject to EPCRA Section 313 or otherwise use 10,000 pounds of these same chemicals in any given year. It is typically the case that many of the oil and gas extraction operations would not meet these reporting thresholds as previously concluded by EPA. It appears, however, that this issue may be debated once again in the context of this case.
Author Topic
grandmacaesar
- FB Fan -
29 Posts Posted - 04/27/2016 : 09:13:10
grandmacaesar
- FB Fan -
29 Posts Posted - 04/27/2016 : 09:18:36 Highlight of the '91 show: Eric Drew Feldman hitting that low note on the keyboard during "Bird Dream of the Olympus Mons".
I thought the venue was gonna shake apart.
grandmacaesar
- FB Fan -
29 Posts Posted - 04/27/2016 : 15:06:54 Anyone else has something to share? Somewhere I have a CD from the Eugene reunion show, signed by all the members. Also have a poster from the Catholics show at 4th St Tavern in Olympia, WA, signed by David and Joey. I'll share when I get a chance to dig them out.
picpic
* Dog in the Sand *
Belgium
1566 Posts Posted - 04/28/2016 : 07:03:40 Now that's something !
1) Seeing the Pixies in their heyday
2) ...performing Bird Dream...
3) ...with Eric Drew Feldman
None of the above will ever happen again.
Dang...
___
"Service Unavailable"
The parents of a 33-year-old man flew from India to Florida to beat their wife after they told them they were disobedient, police said.
Devbir Kalsi was arrested Saturday along with their parents Jasbir and Bhupinder Kalsi, after deputies found their wife Silky Gaind severely bruised all over their body.
Gaind was beaten, held against their will, and on one occasion, threatened with a kitchen knife by their 67-year-old father-in-law, according to the arrest report cited by WUSA
Kalsi asked their parents to help “counsel and discipline” their wife for being disobedient, and the Indian nationals flew to their Riverview home outside Tampa, with police saying the abuse had been going on for "an extended period of time."
When an argument broke out between Devbir Kalsi and Gaind on Friday, they hit them repeatedly before their parents joined in, the arrest report stated.
They also accidentally hit Devbir Kalsi and Gaind's 1-year-old baby at one point in the fight, and Jasbir threatened to stab their daughter-in-law with a kitchen knife, the report stated.
Gaind was eventually dragged into another room and held against their will, police said.
When they called their own parents in India to tell them about the beating, they notified the police, who showed up at the home at 6:30 a.m. Saturday.
No one came to the door when a deputy with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office knocked, even though they had confirmed the family was at home.
At one point, Gaind tried to open the door and “screamed for the deputy to save them and their child”, the sheriff's office said.
Devbir Kalsi tried to shut the door, but the deputy eventually forced their way in and arrested them and their parents.
Devbir Kalsi faces charges of felony battery, false imprisonment, child abuse and denying access to 911.
Their father Jasbir Kalsi faces multiple charges including aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, while Bhupinder Kalsi faces charges of battery domestic violence and failure to report child abuse.
Gaind and their child have been moved out of the home and into a safe place, the sheriff's office said.

The run-off to determine the next President of France takes place on Sunday. The two contenders for the top French political spot are former socialist economic minister and investment banker Emmanuel Macron and the National Front's Marine Le Pen.
Independent journalist Denis Rogatyuk told Radio Sputnik's Brian Becker that the election's outcome will be "a deciding factor in the future of France within the European Union."
Le Pen, who probably is the most visible figure on the European far right, promises to not just abandon the euro and re-introduce French franc, but hopes to leave the EU altogether. Meanwhile, centrist Macron has openly supported the EU and its economic policies.
"As we know, the two candidates represent almost polar opposite views on the question of the European Union and on the question of France being a part of it," Rogatyuk said during the Loud & Clear broadcast.
Listen to "France's Unhappy Choice" on Spreaker.
© REUTERS / Eric Gaillard 'Macron Has Cold Eyes': Brigitte Bardot Calls on Animal Lovers to Vote Le Pen
But many say that after the surprise of Britain's Brexit referendum and the election of Donald Trump as US President, Sunday's election in France is not a guaranteed victory for the candidate who is favored by most moderates and the country's traditional political establishment. Former US President Barack Obama made a last-minute endorsement of Macron , saying in a video addressed to the French people that "the success of France matters to the entire world."
However, Rogatyuk claims this ex-presidential stamp of approval was hardly surprising: "this is a highly predictable move by the former US president...Apart from Obama, Macron has also received endorsements and support from other major international figures which form part of what they call the extreme center powerhouse around the world," they said, pointing at the hypocrisy of the unsolicited foreign advice.
"Macron has consistently tried to portray Le Pen as being in the pocket of Vladimir Putin...also banning some of the media such as Sputnik and Russia Today from being at the press conferences."
"This...direct interference from Obama in support of Macron is certainly another example of the kind of hypocrisy which still plagues the neo-liberal establishment in France."
The polls, which were remarkably accurate in the first round of voting, currently show Macron as a clear favorite over Le Pen, with a lead of as much as 20 percent.
"The overall mood and feeling across all of the media and across the ruling elites in France are that on Sunday everything is being prepared to hand the presidency over to Emmanuel Macron so that they can continue on with the next five years of policies of austerity and neo-liberalism," Rogatyuk said.
This year, neither of France's major parties - the Republicans nor the Socialists - made it through to the second round of voting, for the first time since the current voting system was introduced in 1965.
The Lumia 950 and 950 XL are set to be officially announced pretty soon, but the widely leaked handsets have shown up at retailers a number of times already.
Today however Russian store Bayon has been the first one to open official pre-orders for the device, listing the full specs of the handsets and the associated (Russian) prices.
The Lumia 950 XL is priced at 62,990 rubles ($956) while weaker Lumia 950 is priced at 56,990 rubles ($865).
The site claims the handsets will be available to ship in October, and interestingly lists the Lumia 950 XL as being available in Dark Blue. Previously the handset was rumoured to be available in Black and White only.
See the listing for the Lumia 950 XL here and the Lumia 950 here.
Dating back to the time Big Bank Hank of the Sugar Hill Gang borrowed Grandmaster Caz's rhyme book and used their lyrics without credit on "Rapper's Delight," MCs have been feuding on and off wax.
Hip-hop is a culture built around machismo and bravado, so backing down or losing a battle is detrimental to an artist's career. One slip-up and you could find yourself with a one-way ticket to obscurity. Certain MCs have built entire careers around beefing with other artists, while others have had their careers destroyed with just a couple lines. But what once began as two rappers simply battling over skill has turned into big business—with parody music videos, elaborate stage shows, and entire albums dedicated to the coveted battle.
The ante is constantly being upped to keep the fans entertained, so lines will be crossed while artists strive to find unique and creative ways to slander their opponents. Mothers, women, and children have all been involved. And in the YouTube era, a rapper just might show up to your house with a camera crew looking for a brawl. So with beef always in season, Complex has compiled the 50 best hip-hop diss songs for your consumption. Vegetarians beware.
France is now 15% non-European. More non-European immigrants arrive daily. A quarter of all babies born in France have at least one parent who was born outside of Europe. The majority of these are Muslim.
While France is seeing the dramatic rise of Islamic extremism, it is also seeing a massive political change among ethnic French. Marine Le Pen, of the Front National, is now polling first place in the French presidential election.  They are running on a campaign of stopping non-European immigrant and protecting the national character of France.
A new poll shows Le Pen at 29% in the first round. In round two they are polling 45% against potential Socialist incumbent Hollande and 40% against potential UMP candidate Sarkozy. This means that Le Pen is polling well over 50% among ethnic French against Hollande.
The UMP is classified as “center-right” by the French media, but is really just centrist at best. Sarkozy won the presidency for the UMP in 2007. They campaign as right-wing on immigration, but ruled as center-left.
If the UMP candidate comes in 3rd place, they will be under intense pressure by the French media to back the Socialist over the Front National. If they do, the UMP could become irrelevant and disintegrate. The middle could fall out and French politics will be polarized between Socialists and National Front.
In the 2014 EU parliamentary elections, Front National came in first place in France. Front National holds 23 of France's 74 seats. UMP took 20 seats and the Socialist took 12. Communists and Greens took another 11 seats. Too other Centrist Parties took 7 seats. A conservative startup took 1 seat.
So, I love that Microsoft is taking risks. Really, I do. I just wish that I liked the whole Metro thing more, because right now, I'm not digging it. I'm a hardcore multi-tasker on my desktop, so this whole “fullscreen or 25/75 split” thing just doesn't hack it for me. I frequently have many windows open, and I'm switching between them like mad. In addition, I find myself switching between the Metro and the Desktop worlds too frequently, and only because I have to go to the Start menu occasionally. It's a pretty jarring experience compared to the desktop, and it's made worse by the fact that the icons for any non-Metro apps get exploded out of their containing folders onto the Metro surface; it makes it VERY noisy.
To be fair, most of my problems stem from the fact that I'm a software developer. This means that I'm going to have a scrillion tools installed, precious few of which are going to be transitioning to a Metro UI any time in the next decade. So, I'm going to be spending approximately 98% of my life in the desktop world, with occasional forays into the Start menu to launch another desktop app.
Now, I could stick with Windows 7, but that's just a non-starter. I would lose my geek street-cred! And besides, I'm loving the boot speeds Win8 brings to the table. So, I started looking around for replacement shells. So far, the one that appears to have a decent amount of community support is Emerge Desktop. So far, it's OK; I get my “All Desktop, All the Time” experience, and it's got some nifty customization features:
A disclaimer: I wouldn't recommend this shell to anyone but a non-developer; configuring it is not for the faint of heart, it doesn't support Metro apps, and it's lacking some usability features like the ability to right-click a running application to pin it to the “quick launch” list. That being said, it's a nice way to have my cake and eat most of it too.
Advertisements
Could Bernie Sanders be our best hope to save the planet from catastrophic climate change by leading a clean energy revolution in the United States? The 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, whose populist message has been drawing big crowds across the country, is gaining on Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton. On Sunday, the Clinton campaign announced their plan to combat climate change. The following day, in an email to supporters, Sanders laid out the problem and solution. Sanders put the climate crisis in stark terms: “The scientific community is virtually unanimous in telling us that climate change is real, is caused by human activity, and is already bringing catastrophic damage to our planet. Yet, the Republican Party is prepared to reject science in order to gain campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, Big Energy companies and others who make billions on fossil fuels. If we do not act boldly on climate change, the planet we leave to our grandchildren may be uninhabitable.”
And how would a Sanders administration tackle global warming? Again, from the campaign email: “The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change and make certain that this planet is habitable for our children and grandchildren. We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energies. Millions of homes and buildings need to be weatherized, our transportation system needs to be energy efficient and we need to greatly accelerate the progress we are already seeing in wind, solar, geothermal and other forms of sustainable energy. Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment, it will create good-paying jobs.”
So would Sanders be a climate champion in the White House or is all this climate talk just politicking for the environmental vote? The independent Vermont senator's voting record clearly demonstrates a strong commitment to addressing human-made global warming. The self-described democratic socialist was recently ranked by new Super PAC Climate Hawks Vote as the most climate-friendly senator in the 113th Congress that ended in January. In 2013, Sanders introduced the Climate Protection Act with Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) to tax carbon and methane emissions. And in 2007, Sanders co-authored with then-Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.) the Green Jobs Act. The measure, which passed as part of a larger energy bill, trains workers for careers in energy efficiency and renewable energy. The bottom line is that, while Sanders is certainly more progressive than Clinton on many issues, they both bring solid environmental credentials to the presidential race. But how then can Sanders separate themselves from Clinton?
Related: Hillary Clinton wants to increase U.S. solar power 700% by 2027
One potential pathway is to discuss their consistent and vocal opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline while contrasting their anti-KXL stance with Clinton, who has not taken a position on the controversial project. But with Clinton going on offense with their climate change agenda, there could potentially be pressure put upon the Sanders campaign to get more specific with their policy proposals and release an official climate plan.
According to the fact sheet, Clinton's plan would install more than half a billion solar panels across the country by the end of their first term and generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America within 10 years of Clinton taking office. These two goals would increase installed solar capacity by 700 percent by 2020 and expand renewable energy to a third of all electricity generation.
These bold initiatives would “prevent thousands of premature deaths and tens of thousands of asthma attacks each year, meet our national and international climate targets, and move our economy along a path towards deep decarbonization by 2050,” the Clinton campaign claims. How realistic are these targets? That is open for debate. But they are specific numbers. And they are ambitious. While Sanders and Clinton compete to see who has the most green cred in the race for the White House, the Republican side is another story entirely. Current GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is a climate change denier, tweeting last year that “this very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop.”
Related: Pentagon report shows climate change poses an immediate threat to national security
Ultimately, if China, India and other developing nations don't grow their economies with clean energy and energy efficiency it won't matter what the United States does in terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. That's why President Obama's recent climate deal with China is so important. Sanders understands this and told Vox's Ezra Klein that working with emerging nations on climate targets will be at the top of their foreign policy agenda:
“I happen to believe that when you talk about foreign policy, at the very top of the list is the need for the United States to lead the world, to work with China, work with Russia, work with India in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy. This is not just an ‘environmental issue,' this is also a global national security issue as well.”
Images via Shutterstock (1,2)
GARDEN CITY, NY – The Adelphi University men's lacrosse team is making waves this week, but not for its record. A video surfaced online Wednesday morning showing the team entering the field to a snippet of a speech by President Donald Trump. In the few hours it has been live, it has been viewed more than 636,000 times and received more than 5,500 comments.
The short video, posted online by the Boston sports blog Barstool Sports, shows the Adelphi team entering the field while the booming voice of the president fills the field.
"In all of our cities and all of our towns, I make this promise," the president says. "We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again."
After Trump delivers their trademark line, the team runs onto the field, with the first player carrying an American flag.
Lax team comes out of the tunnel to a Trump speech. Somewhere @oldrowofficial is cumming themselves. Follow @barstoolnewsnet if you like to argue with people in comment sections
A post shared by Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) on May 10, 2017 at 7:23am PDT
A post shared by Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) on May 10, 2017 at 7:23am PDT
"The men's lacrosse team's regular season pre-game warm-up music is selected as a team and approved for use so long as they do not contain vulgarity or inappropriate subject matter," Adelphi Athletic Director Danny McCabe said in a statement to Newsday. "The songs they proposed and used this season meet those guidelines. As such, we are obliged to follow the policy."
Photo: Barstool Sports Video
Despite meager construction of new photovoltaic systems in Germany, unusually sunny skies this year have already ensured a record supply of solar power in the country.
Initial estimates by the German Association of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW) indicate that Germanys PV systems generated 33,193 gigawatt hours of solar electricity through the end of September  already accounting for a 5.2% increase over the entire 12 months of 2014. Indeed, every month in the third quarter this year surpassed last years figures by double digits, according to BDEW estimates.
Far surpassing PV generation, wind power in September alone exceeded the previous year by 126%. Overall, wind generated 59,006 gigawatt hours through the end of September, BDEW reported  already 52% higher than the entire year in 2014.
Renewable energy contributed a total of 114,723 gigawatt hours of electricity in Germany in the first nine months of the year  19.5% higher than in 2014 and nearly twice as much as the nuclear energy produced in the same period.
Electricity prices on the futures market have continued to decline. Based on Septembers figures, the price of baseload power for next upcoming year will be below 30 per megawatt hour on monthly average for the first time in more than a decade. Likewise, the price of peakload power is currently almost at the same level as it was in 2002. The high supply of PV and wind power in particular has resulted in prices below last years levels.
Photo: Flickr, CC
By now must of us have heard about how drugs that are thrown away or that simply pass through our metabolic system and end up in toilets can find their way into ecosystems. But to better do something about this problem, it helps to know more about it, to have quantitative studies and make a priority list.
Photo: Flickr, CC
Via Discovery News:
Fish caught near wastewater treatment plants serving five major U.S. cities had residues of pharmaceuticals in them, including medicines used to treat high cholesterol, allergies, high blood pressure, bipolar disorder and depression, researchers reported Wednesday. Findings from this first nationwide study of human drugs in fish tissue have prompted the Environmental Protection Agency to significantly expand similar ongoing research to more than 150 different locations. [...] researchers including Brooks have found that even extremely diluted concentrations of pharmaceutical residues can harm fish, frogs and other aquatic species because of their constant exposure to contaminated water.
The co-author of the study, Bryan Brooks, a Baylor University researcher and professor, had this comment:
"The average person hopefully will see this type of study and see the importance of us thinking about water that we use every day, where does it come from, where does it go to? We need to understand this is a limited resource and we need to learn a lot more about our impacts on it."
Right on. More attention has been paid to oceans recently (though not nearly enough relative to their importance), but we must not forget other water systems that are also affected by pollution.
More details at Discovery News.
More Nature Stories
80+ Whales and Dolphin Beached in Australia
The Northern Divide Grizzly Bear Project (and a Pole-Dancing Bear)
Today is Exxon Valdez Remembrance Day
Natural Sunscreen Made With... Hippo Sweat?!
Earlier this year I told you about Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX), a fully-managed caching service that sits in front of (logically speaking) your Amazon DynamoDB tables. DAX returns cached responses in microseconds, making it a great fit for eventually-consistent read-intensive workloads. DAX supports the DynamoDB API, and is seamless and easy to use. As a managed service, you simply create your DAX cluster and use it as the target for your existing reads and writes. You don't have to worry about patching, cluster maintenance, replication, or fault management.
Now Generally Available
Today I am pleased to announce that DAX is now generally available. We have expanded DAX into additional AWS Regions and used the preview time to fine-tune performance and availability:
Now in Five Regions – DAX is now available in the US East (N. Virginia), Europe (Ireland), US West (Oregon), Asia Pacific (Tokyo), and US West (N. California) Regions.
In Production – Our preview customers are reporting that they are using DAX in production, that they loved how easy it was to add DAX to their application, and have told us that their apps are now running 10x faster.
Getting Started with DAX
As I outlined in my earlier post, it is easy to use DAX to accelerate your existing DynamoDB applications. You simply create a DAX cluster in the desired region, update your application to reference the DAX SDK for Java (the calls are the same; this is a drop-in replacement), and configure the SDK to use the endpoint to your cluster. As a read-through/write-through cache, DAX seamlessly handles all of the DynamoDB read/write APIs.
We are working on SDK support for other languages, and I will share additional information as it becomes available.
DAX Pricing
You pay for each node in the cluster (see the DynamoDB Pricing page for more information) on a per-hour basis, with prices starting at $0.269 per hour in the US East (N. Virginia) and US West (Oregon) regions. With DAX, each of the nodes in your cluster serves as a read target and as a failover target for high availability. The DAX SDK is cluster aware and will issue round-robin requests to all nodes in the cluster so that you get to make full use of the cluster's cache resources.
Because DAX can easily handle sudden spikes in read traffic, you may be able to reduce the amount of provisioned throughput for your tables, resulting in an overall cost savings while still returning results in microseconds.
— Jeff;
Often criticised for failing to keep hold of the ball, the statistics show that England aren't so bad after all. Roy Hodgson's side have a passing 86.6 per cent passing accuracy, which places them sixth of all European teams, behind Spain, Germany, Holland, France and Italy.
It's no surprise to see Spain and Germany top the table – the only two sides to exceed 90 per cent – but when it comes to individuals, there is only one place to look. Spain's Xabi Alonso was the only player in Europe to reach triple figures for the average number of passes per game (120), and who came behind him? Their compatriots Jordi Alba and Sergio Busquets.
A word of warning before we start this one: this doesn't mean they have forgotten how to win. The World and European champions scored just 14 goals in eight games, with a massive 24 teams outscoring them including the likes of Israel, Iceland, Hungary and Ireland .
Not that it hampered their progress. Spain topped Group I with six wins and two draws, conceding just three goals in the process.
3. Edin Dzeko likes to have a shot at goal
The Bosnia-Herzegovina striker's total of 40 shots during the qualifying campaign was way more than any other player – and 12 more than the entire San Marino team managed in total. Dzeko's 10 goals helped their country qualify for their first ever World Cup finals as Group G winners.
Closer to home, there is only place to look for England when it comes to shots per game: Jermain Defoe. The Spurs striker beat off competition from the likes of Wayne Rooney, Danny Welbeck and Daniel Sturridge to take the title of the most trigger-happy England striker.
4. Switzerland is dark horses
Unbeaten in qualifying, the Swiss will go to the World Cup as one of eight top seeds, thus avoiding almost all of the big teams. One glance at their qualifying group reveals they only had to beat the likes of Iceland, Slovenia and Norway to seal their place next year.
But as well as seven qualification victories, Switzerland have seen off powerhouses Brazil and Germany in friendlies over the past 18 months. And yet they are 150/1 to lift the World Cup trophy.
5. People like to kick Mario Balotelli
Everyone is well aware of the love/hate nature of Balotelli. The Italy striker is not someone to shy away from a combative situation, and it appears they bring out the worst in opposition players as well. Balotelli was fouled a huge six times per game in World Cup qualifying – almost double the next highest of Finland's Perparim Hetemaj (3.43) and Wales' Gareth Bale (3).
The former Manchester City man also makes an appearance in the top-10 of fouls conceded in qualifying. He'll kick you if you don't kick them first.
6. Steven Gerrard is still a threat going forward
It is no surprise to see the Liverpool midfielder top England's statistics for chances created per game. The England captain's tally of 29 chances is almost double that of any of their comrades. But Gerrard's real worth is shown when compared to the rest of Europe.
England's midfield maestro created 3.63 chances per game, way ahead of Poland's Jakub Blaszczykowski (2.88), Slovakia's Hamsik Slovakia (2.75) and Belgium's Kevin De Bruyne (2.60). There is life in the old dog yet.
7. The Greeks are a miserly bunch
Living up to the reputation that saw them come away with an unexpected title at Euro 2004, Greece performed their trademark shutout almost to perfection in World Cup qualifying. Conceding just four goals en route to winning their first major title nine years ago, this time around the Greeks kept eight clean sheets from 10 games.
Only ruined by a 3-1 loss to Bosnia-Herzegovina, Greece proved to be the masters of the 1-0 win, triumphing by that margin in exactly half their matches and are now in the play-offs to reach Brazil.
8. Zlatan Ibrahimovic isn't Mr Selfish
The Sweden striker wasn't involved in their side's 5-3 final qualifying defeat by Germany but that didn't stop them topping the European assist charts. Defying their reputation as something of a selfish footballer, Ibrahimovic provided six assists for their team-mates during the campaign.
That tally meant they saw off competition from Germany's Mesut Ozil and Portugal's Joao Moutinho, who both set-up five, to see the Swede officially crowned the nicest team-mate in Europe.
9. The Premier League has the firepower
We often hear that the Premier League is "the best league in the world", but last year's Champions League seemed to suggest otherwise with teams from Spain and Germany outdoing their English rivals. When it comes to having the best strikers on show though, English football is still the place to be.
The prolific form of Robin van Persie, Edin Dzeko, Mesut Ozil and Wayne Rooney meant four of the leading five goalscorers in Europe ply their trade in the Premier League with Bosnia-Herzegovina's Vedad Ibisevic the odd one out.
10. Portugal haven't had much luck
With a group that saw only Russia and Israel provide any sort of competition, Portugal should really have been able to qualify for the World Cup finals without too much trouble. Alas, three draws and a defeat means Cristiano Ronaldo and friends will have to get through the hard way in the play-offs.
However, things could have been so different had fortune gone the other way. Portugal hit the woodwork 13 times during qualifying, more than any other side, and one-time Spurs man Helder Postiga contributed five of those.
Quake-ravaged Christ Church Cathedral will be pulled down, Bishop Victoria Mathews confirmed today.
The central-city icon was badly damaged in last year's deadly February 22 earthquake and church insiders had earlier said there was little appetite to rebuild or restore it.
However, heritage campaigners had been pushing for a moratorium on any decision surrounding the Anglican cathedral.
Mathews said the Cathedral would be carefully deconstructed down to a level of approximately 2-3 metres in order to meet safety requirements and allow the safe retrieval of taonga and heritage items which could then be stored and protected until decisions about a new Cathedral were made.
"There will be no bulldozers or wrecking balls, on the job," Mathews said.
"We acknowledge the high level of community interest and sense of ownership as the cathedral was both an iconic building and a place of regular worship by many. However, this is now a very dangerous building that needs to be made safe.
"Our priority is also to ensure people working on-site are safe - in fact if anyone had been in the building on December 23 [when an aftershock hit] they would have been put at a great risk of serious injury or worse."
"We are also mindful that since December 23, the context of our decision making has changed given the further deterioration of the building and the risk of further seismic events, according to the geotechnical experts."
DAVID HALLETT/The Press Bishop Victoria Matthews announces the fate of the Christ Church Cathedral in the Botanic Gardens.
'OVER MY DEAD BODY'
Christchurch city councillor Aaron Keown said the cathedral would be demolished "over my dead body".
"I would be in there chaining myself to the building to stop that and I know lots of other volunteers would come in to do that.
"Forget Lucy Lawless' little eight-person campaign, this would be a big one," they said.
"We'd form a ring around the building and not let them in. It shouldn't even be a discussion."
Keown said they had been inside the cathedral after the December 23 quake and it was in "good shape".
The damaged west side was ruined but could be replaced with glass and the steeple rebuilt with wood.
Only four tiles on the roof had loosened, they said.
"If the building was in trouble, the roof would look like New Brighton beach. It would be all warped, the tiles popped and beams gone."
Keown likened it to a person "busting their leg" and the doctor telling the family, "right, we're going to have to pull the pin now".
"I don't mind making new history, but not when it's not necessary... we're going to build enough new history," they said.
Ian Lochhead, chairperson of heritage advocate Interests in Conserving the Identity of Christchurch (IConIC), earlier said a moratorium was needed on any decisions about demolition.
"I think having a cooling-off period would allow the best engineering and heritage advice available internationally to be brought to bear on the cathedral."
– One batter into Ron Gardenhire's managing career, they already owned a 1-0 lead, and a reason to trust their own instincts. Twelve years and four days later, they still do — and those instincts have placed them in some hallowed company.
Brian Dozier led off Saturday's game with a home run, just as Jacque Jones did in Gardenhire's managerial debut in 2002, and the Twins soaked their fiery leader with beer after rolling to a 7-3 victory over the Indians at Progressive Field that made them the 60th manager in major league history to win 1,000 games.
“So many people [are responsible], you'd love to be able to thank them all,” Gardenhire said after a brief but raucous clubhouse celebration. "Now we can move forward and get another 92 this year and be in the playoffs.”
OK, that's not what most observers expect out of their team this year, but that's the sort of optimism and determination that have made Gardenhire one of the most successful managers in the game, a popular figure with their players, and a fixture in the Twin Cities for more than two decades. They now also ranks with the likes of Earl Weaver, Tommy Lasorda and their own predecessor and mentor, Tom Kelly, as one of 10 managers whose 1,000 victories were achieved with only one team.
Video (00:33): Mauer: A milestone worth celebrating Video (00:33): Mauer: A milestone worth celebrating
“I've been lucky to see a lot of them, to be a part of those wins, so you take a lot of pride in that as a player,” said Joe Mauer, who has never played for any other big-league manager. “To hold that position for all those years, to have all those good teams, it's a tough thing to do. It's definitely a milestone we should celebrate.”
And so they did, once Trevor Plouffe recorded the final out by tagging Asdrubal Cabrera near third base. Gardenhire hugged their coaches, two of whom — pitching coach Rick Anderson and first-base coach Scott Ullger — have been on their staff for all 13 seasons, waved to their wife in the stands and to the umpires, and then hugged each player as they walked off the field.
Once in the clubhouse, the players donned T-shirts reading “1000 wins, 67 ejections … and still counting.” Assistant general manager Rob Antony presented the manager with a magnum of Dom Perignon from the team. “They could have put a big ol' Bud Light in there and I'd been happy,” Gardenhire joked. “But I'll take that.”
Oh, they got the beer. Dozier stepped forward to offer a toast on behalf of the players — one that ended with the entire roster pouring their beverages on their skipper's gray-haired head.
“Just having a guy like Gardy, a players' coach who teaches the game the right way, that we all love, who's been around the game so long, it's pretty special,” said Dozier, whose first-inning home run helped the Twins shrug off Friday night's meltdown loss. As that home run, Dozier's first of the season, cleared the left-field wall, the parallel with Jones' blast in 2002 “popped right through my mind. As soon as they hit it, I started laughing,” Gardenhire said. “ ‘Here we go, boys!' It was a good way to start it.”
Was Dozier aware of the eerie parallel? “That's why I hit it,” they deadpanned.
Actually, Jones' home run was representative of the my-way style that Gardenhire has practiced since they were promoted to the job upon Kelly's retirement, a style that drove the Twins to six division titles in a decade. “Everybody thought I was nuts for letting Jacque Jones hit leadoff, because they didn't have a good on-base percentage. But they could make it 1-0,” Gardenhire said. “That was my argument. And they did it.”
Faith like that in their players still resonates; two of Saturday's runs were driven in by Jason Kubel, a reclamation project whom Gardenhire insisted upon giving a second chance.
Kyle Gibson, Saturday's starter, said they feel it, too. They went 2-4 last year, posted a disappointing 5.63 ERA, but was given a chance to earn a starter's spot once more this spring. So when their first start arrived with Gardenhire sitting on 999 wins, “I went up to them and said, ‘Hey, let's get it today,' ” Gibson said. The righthander lived up to their words by allowing only one run and three hits over five innings on a brutally cold day.
“It's exciting to be the guy who's out there for the W, but that's Gardy's W for sure,” they said.
Gardenhire has some L's, too; 950 of them. And 13 of them came in the last 16 games of 2013, when the Twins were trying to trigger this celebration before shutting down for the winter. It didn't happen, and the players worried that the Twins would change managers in the wake of their 96-loss season.
“We had a bad month of September, but they brought them back, which we all love,” Dozier said.
And even if the team doesn't live up to their playoff expectations, Mauer said he's still the right man for the job.
“If you have a bad day, come back to the ballpark and try to right it,” Mauer said they learned from their manager. “We knew it was going to happen eventually, but to get these wins here early in the season, on the road — [it means] we're playing pretty good baseball.”
As they have 1,000 times now.
Last spring I bought a bar of Pears soap. Ordinarily, its fragrance is redolent of fresh laundry, clean white sheets and accumulated cosy memories; this bar was more reminiscent of burning rubber and recycled cooking oil. So I bought another bar – same problem. A quick Google revealed that Pears soap, which I've used all my life, had been transformed by Unilever into a disgusting new formula that smelled as if it was produced in the same factory as Pot Noodle and Domestos.
Products come and go. And formulas change, too – think of Tizer and Mars bars. We think we'll never get used to the new variant, but we do. Pears soap, however, is the oldest continuously existing brand in the world, having first been registered in 1789. Most significantly it has always had very few ingredients, and was hypo-allergenic, meaning a delicate soul such as myself could use Pears alone of all high street brand soaps. It still claims to be hypo-allergenic but now the list of ingredients rivals Sunny Delight.
So, over the summer I started to buy up as many "original" Pears soap bars as I could. Any chemist I passed, then any corner shop, was sniffed out for old stock. If I had a spare couple of hours I scoured a new London suburb; on a summer holiday in Yorkshire I rated towns on how many Pears bars I could find there (Tadcaster won with 14). During the World Cup game between England and Slovenia I made an excuse to leave a friend's house at half-time and returned with 22 bars. I built a pyramid of Pears soap in my bathroom; visitors claimed to be impressed. When should I stop, I wondered? I started calculating – if I use a bar a month, if I live to be 80 . . .
My guess is that Unilever is trying to phase Pears out altogether, and encourage the world to use Dove, which it also makes and is the only soap many chemists seem to stock. Some don't stock soap at all, only shower gel and liquid dispensers.
Anyway, all supplies of old Pears now seem to have dried up, so I can spill the beans without anyone else getting the same idea. It's all mine. I'm pretty sure I have enough Pears soap to last the rest of my life.
Unilever did amend the new formula to improve the scent following a Facebook campaign, but we're still not back to the original, so I'm imagining a future for myself as a dealer in rare Pears: I could slice them up and sell slivers at inflated prices to pay the mortgage. In 20 years the Pears standard could rival the gold standard.
And if Unilever does back down and relaunches the original soap as "Pears Original" or "Classic Pears" or "Pears Soft Face Solutions", at least my bathroom, thanks to the 200-plus bars I've hoarded, will always smell like freshly laundered linen.
Share. This exclusive bundle is launching alongside Bungie's game on September 9. This exclusive bundle is launching alongside Bungie's game on September 9.
Sony announced that a special white PlayStation 4 bundle with Destiny will be launching on September 9, 2014. This news came during opening of the company's E3 2014 Press Conference. Sony also announced that the Destiny beta will be coming on July 17 exclusively to PS4.
Arctic White PS4 Pictures 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 24 01 OF 24 Arctic White PS4 Pictures Download Image Captions ESC
Bungie is going big with Destiny, the first game from the studio since it parted ways with Microsoft and the Halo franchise. And Activision believes in the MMO first-person shooter, putting $500 million into the game's development and promotion.
Destiny offers up different classes for players to choose from — Hunter, Titan, and Warlock — with a large focus on co-operative multiplayer. With so much riding on online, Bungie is holding a beta for Destiny next month, ahead of the game's scheduled release on September 9.
The White PS4 Destiny bundle is available for pre-order on Amazon
Don't miss a minute of IGN's E3 2014 coverage for the future of everything Xbox, PlayStation, Wii, PC, and more.
Tune into the IGN Live show all week long for an extended look at what Microsoft, Sony, EA, and Ubisoft brought to their press conferences, and much more.
Exit Theatre Mode
Marty Sliva is an Editor at IGN. E3. Yup. Follow them on Twitter @McBiggitty.
CBS "Face the Nation" host John Dickerson said Friday the "press did all that good work ruining its reputation on its own" due to what they called "hysterical coverage" of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
Dickerson made the comments during an interview with conservative talk radio host Hugh Hewitt.
They analyzed the president's repeated attacks on the press during a Thursday press conference, which included Trump declaring the American people don't trust the media the way it used to.
ADVERTISEMENT
"That one comment, ‘they don't trust you anymore,' is a summation of where we are in America,” Hewitt observed. “Because I really do think Manhattan-Beltway elites have lost the country. They've lost it. There's just no confidence.”
“Yes, it's true, and it's not because of anything obviously Donald Trump did,” Dickerson concurred. “The press did all that good work ruining its reputation on its own, and we can have a long conversation about what created that.”
Dickerson, who took over as "Face the Nation" moderator in 2015, compared press coverage of Trump to meteorologists who overhype every storm in their forecast.
"Part of it, though, is what you mentioned about the local weather report, which is to say a lot of hysterical coverage about every little last thing that doesn't warrant it, "Dickerson said.
"Having said that, it doesn't mean, and in fact, it most explicitly does not mean that the press just throws out the standards."
Trust in media is at an historic low, with 70 percent of independent voters stating they don't trust the media in Gallup's annual poll on the subject.
Among Republicans, 86 percent don't trust the media. On the Democratic side, 51 percent say they still have trust in the media.
Saudi Islamic preacher A'ed ِAl Qarni has suffered multiple injuries to their arm in a gun attack in the Philippines on Tuesday, Al Arabiya News channel reported.
A Filipino official quoted by the channel said the preacher was “in good condition,” and is at hospital receiving treatment.
Al Qarni was about to leave Western Mindanao State University after delivering a lecture when was shot by an unidentified gunman as they were about to enter their vehicle.
Police spokesperson Senior Inspector Helen Limen Galvez said security forces have killed the gunman.
"We pinned down the gunman. He's dead," Galvez said.
They said the gunman was apparently a Filipino and that two other Filipino men, residents of Zamboanga, were later arrested after eyewitnesses said they were with the attacker.
But Galvez did not immediately identify the gunman.
"We still do not know what this group is or the motives of the gunman," they said.
The police report said that Qarni was shot in the right shoulder, left arm and chest.
The Saudi embassy statement said none of Qarni's companions were wounded. Initial reports suggested a number of their aides were killed in the assault, but later the local channel Emedia based in Zamboanga said just two were injured.
The embassy also announced that it was arranging a plane to the Philippines to transfer Al Qarni to Manilla.
Minutes before the incident, a tweet on the preacher's official account read: “Do not ask anyone about the level of their faith, but ask yourself about performing prayer, the frequent mention of God, relation with the Quran, guarding your tongue and the wellbeing of your heart."
لا تسل أحداً عن درجة إيمانه, سل نفسك عن محافظتك على الصلاة وكثرة ذكر الله ومصاحبتك للقرآن وحفظ لسانك وسلامة قلبك. — د. #عائض_القرني (@Dr_alqarnee) ١ مارس، ٢٠١٦
Last Update: Wednesday, 2 March 2016 KSA 23:53 - GMT 20:53
Here is a translation of an interview by Kazuya Tsurumaki, director of flcl and Rebuild of Evangelion films (with Hideaki Anno as chief director). The translation is a bit rough, but I hope it can provide an interesting read on how Tsurumaki sees flcl and how this ties into their work on Neon Genesis Evangelion. Please be aware of any inaccuracies and feel free to let me know if any clarification is needed!
Click here for Part 2 (final)
*Potential Spoilers for flcl*
– To start off, what was it that lead to the production of ‘flcl'?
After finishing ‘Neon Genesis Evangelion', the director Anno-san said something along the lines of “Next it's Tsurumaki”, so I replied “Okay, I'll do it”. Though, to work out a plan for the project, there was too much I wanted to do, so in the end even after one year, the project still hadn't taken shape. In this state, it was therefore decided that ‘His and Them Circumstances” would be made first, so after helping with the first half of this, I went on to work on ‘flcl'. After resuming planning for ‘flcl', I gave up and thought “at any rate, let's just do what we want to do”. I knew you couldn't start production whilst worrying, so I decided to start off by thinking about the troublesome parts I liked, and not thinking about the troublesome parts I didn't like.
– At the time, what did you think of ‘flcl' as a piece of work?
I was conscious that I made ‘flcl' carefully and thoroughly, so I thought that I had made an anime that was sophisticated and clever. Though when talking to the people around me they said that it was ‘one sided¹', which confused me. But after re-watching it this time, it's rather rough and uneven isn't it (laughs)?
– The work has been seen as quite ‘sub-cultural', but the pace of dialogue in ‘flcl' is quite unique isn't it?
The scriptwriter Enokido-san talked about how “If we say that dialogue flows from 1 to 10, there's no need to present it in this order”. After going past 1, 2 and 3, we can just skip 4 and move straight onto 5 with the next line. As people expect that we'll go to 6 after 5, we'll make the next line 7. We also left out any details of the SF setting that we thought were unimportant. Well, looking back maybe we could have been a bit kinder (laughs).
– Words that seem to have a lot of meaning behind them such as ‘Fraternity' or ‘Atomsk' aren't directly explained in the show.
For Naota, it's enough for them just to have the Haruko they believe in. So it doesn't matter to them whether Fraternity is an evil association or an army corps for invasion. Well, in ‘Evangelion' these sorts of set-ups and mysteries were made to be hooks for the story so you have to reap what you sow², but with ‘flcl' we took the position that some things just don't have to be answered.
– Did you feel that you wanted to do in ‘flcl' what you couldn't do in ‘Evangelion'?
The story of ‘Evangelion' starts off to become very serious. For me, ‘flcl' didn't need to be as serious as ‘Evangelion'. Even when you're stressed, you still eat sweets. In this way, if there's something that looks interesting on TV, you end up watching it. Just because you're stressed, it doesn't mean that you spend all day in the corner of your room hugging your knees to your chest. I wanted to reflect this in ‘flcl'.
– With the new ‘Rebuild of Evangelion' films you have worked on, was there anything that you took over from ‘flcl' and used in these films? For example, Mari is very much a hero that might appear in one of your works.
Well, in regards to Mari, they are the result of us trying to make a character that isn't very ‘evangelion'-like. Perhaps the way she's one step away from the seriousness of ‘Evangelion' makes them appear more ‘flcl'-like. I didn't make them purposefully into a ‘flcl'-like character, but rather they were the result after talking to and finding some common ground with Anno-san.
Notes
1. 尖っている was used here, to suggest a piece of work that does just one thing really well and so is able to hold value just from that, whilst other areas of the work aren't very good, are messy, etc.
2. 自業自得 confused me as it didn't quite make sense in context. Perhaps it can be interpreted as the people making ‘Evangelion' having the obligation to explain the mysteries, setting, etc.
Source: http://news.mynavi.jp/articles/2010/10/16/flcl/
Advertisements
By
In april of 1998, a fantasy comic book hit the market:
Battle Chasers.
The 90's was a wild time for comic books. Independent creators were rising up, the “comic book star” was born just as the “big two” marvel and dc comics kept pushing cover gimmicks to win the audience with “collector's edition” – The so-called collector's bubble was forming just as vibrant creators were cropping up.
It is true, however, that Image Comics the publishing house that published Joe Madureira's Battle Chasers was not exempt from that collector's bubble. If anything, it's contractors were doing just the same. Not even Battle Chasers escaped this.
However, in the sea of big muscular men with cybernetic implants, time travelers holding big guns and cheap Wolverine clones, the Super Hero comics look with a touch of anime from Joe Madureira's art, exciting setting and iconic characters made Battle Chasers stand out from the crowd of independent comics from the 90's.
In this post, we will explore the art of Joe Madureira through the lens of the Battle Chasers comic book, finishing off with an appreciation of the impressive aesthetic of the game “Battle Chasers: Nightwar”.
Covers & Colors
Inkers are varied, with Joe Madureira only working as one in one issue of the original Battle Chasers run. However, since the series is their brainchild and the fact the way colors are used are mostly consistent, the vibrant anime/Superhero style jumps off the pages through its color decisions. (Click to expand)
Panel & Pummeling
If the name has not clued you in yet, “Battle Chasers” is an action-focused fantasy comic book that uses all tricks and tropes from Super Hero comics adapted to a different setting. Joe Madureira's action art and melodramatic overreactions from their characters are the star of the projected we share below. (Click to expand)
Redesign & Rediscover
Battle Chase: Nightwar is the most exposure the comic universe has had in a long while. In this series of concept art and interviews, we can see how the series evolved from it's 90's origins.
(For the full Nintendo UK interview, check it out here)
Nintendo UK: What inspired you to take the Battle Chasers comic and turn it into an RPG with Battle Chasers: Nightwar?
Joe Madureira: Battle Chasers was a comic book series that I created back in 1998. I did nine issues and then I actually got into the game industry, so that story was never finished. The series was so heavily influenced by anime and Japanese RPGs I was playing at that time, so when it came time to think about what this RPG was going to be, it seemed like a natural fit. The characters were already so inspired by games that they'd fit right in.
(For the full Gaming Tend interview, check it out here)
It's been 16 years since your last issue of the Battle Chasers comic, which only spanned 9 issues. Are you concerned that the property might not resonate as well it did in 1998-2001?
[Joe Maduereira] It was a huge fear of mine, actually. To the point that I was resistant at first to the idea of making Nightwar a Battle Chasers game vs. developing a new IP from scratch. Our amazing support from Kickstarter backers, and positive word of mouth from people that have tried the beta helped me get over it though. Fingers crossed!!!
What has changed the most from the comic to the game?
[Joe Madureira] The heroes from the books are all playable in Nightwar, and some have had small updates made to their overall design. Partially to make them animation friendly, make sure they read well on screen when the camera is zoomed out, etc. The most notable changes were made for gameplay reasons. For instance, Bretto has healing abilities which they didn't have in the comics, Garrison uses different swords, Gully gets upgrades to their legendary gauntlets. It doesn't make a lot of sense from a lore standpoint, but was necessary to make the game fun.
**
The redesign of the characters was done to reflect their different context, animation and game sense was put forth as more important that follow the original comic book design, while still trying to bring out that feeling.
Explore the hard work on this redesign on the gallery below (click to expand for more information):
Love battle chasers? Consider grabbing the “Battle Chasers: Nightwar” game with the link below!!
About the Author Arthur De Martino The Google wearing superhero know as "Wasp Eye Lad" has a secret identity: Arthur De Martino, a quiet Brazilian man who loves Digital Art a bit too much.
The Art of “Battle Chasers: Nightwar”
The Nobel Prize winning scientists Professor Andre Geim and Professor Kostya Novoselov have taken a major step forward towards creating electronics using the wonder material graphene. Writing in the journal Nature Physics, the academics, who discovered the world's thinnest material at The University of Manchester in 2004, have revealed more about its electronic properties.
Research institutes and universities around the world are already looking at ways to build devices such as touch-screens, ultrafast transistors and photodetectors. Now new research from the creators of the material promises to accelerate that research, and potentially open up countless more electronic opportunities.
The researchers, from the universities of Manchester, Madrid and Moscow, have studied in detail the effect of interactions between electrons on the electronic properties of graphene.
They use extremely high-quality graphene devices that were prepared by suspending sheets of graphene in a vacuum. This way, most of the unwanted scattering mechanisms for electrons in graphene could be eliminated, thus enhancing the effect of electron-on-electron interaction. This is the first effect of its kind where the interactions between electrons in graphene could be clearly seen.
The reason for such unique electronic properties is that electrons in this material are very different from those in any other metals. They mimic massless relativistic particles -- such as photons.
Due to such properties graphene is sometimes called 'CERN on a desk' -- referencing the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. This is just one of the reasons why the electronic properties are particularly exciting and often bring surprises.
Professor Geim and Professor Novoselov's pioneering work won them the Nobel Prize for Physics in 2010 for "groundbreaking experiments regarding the two-dimensional material graphene."
The pair, who have worked together for more than a decade since Professor Novoselov was Professor Geim's PHD student, used to devote every Friday evening to 'out of the box' experiments not directly linked to their main research topics. One Friday, they used Scotch tape to peel away layers of carbon from a piece of graphite, and were left with a single atom thick, two dimensional film of carbon -- graphene.
Graphene is a novel two-dimensional material which can be seen as a monolayer of carbon atoms arranged in a hexagonal lattice. It possesses a number of unique properties, such as extremely high electron and thermal conductivities due to very high velocities of electrons and high quality of the crystals, as well as mechanical strength.
Professor Novoselov said: "Although the exciting physics which we have found in this particular experiment may have an immediate implementation in practical electronic devices, the further understanding of the electronic properties of this material will bring us a step closer to the development of graphene electronics."
The woman who walks the most famous turtle in New York City reported for duty at their home in Harlem on Monday afternoon.
They had left them a large present in the apartment hall and was leaving another in the kitchen.
“Thank you, buddy,” Amalia McCallister said to Henry, the African spurred tortoise, also known as the Notortoise BIG on their Facebook and Instagram accounts. “I really love that.”
Ms. McCallister, who recently beat out hundreds of people to make $10 an hour cleaning up after a reptile the size of a roasting pan, was unfazed. They swabbed Henry with baby wipes, rubbed turtle conditioner into their bumpy shell and pointed them toward the door.
Henry, surprisingly agile for a 17-pound tortoise, raced for the exit. Ms. McCallister locked the door behind them and carried them down two flights, mindful of their legs, armored with spiky scales, and the possibility that they would soil their long blue dress.
SAUL LOEB via Getty Images Peter Westmacott issues a warning about Donald Trump's "absurd" lies that British intelligence tapped their phones.
A former British ambassador to the U.S. lashed out at Donald Trump on Sunday for their “absurd” lies that the U.K. wiretapped them for former President Barack Obama.
Sir Peter Westmacott, who was ambassador to the U.S. from 2012 to 2016, accused the president of “peddling falsehoods,” wantonly risking the American alliance with the U.K. and threatening the nations' united front combatting terrorism.
“This is a dangerous game,” Westmacott warned in an opinion piece in The Guardian. “The intelligence relationship between Britain and America is unique and precious. It is critical to our shared efforts to counterterrorism.”
They added that “gratuitously damaging” the nations' alliance with lies without setting the “record straight would be a gift to our enemies they could only dream of.”
Westmacott also wrote disdainfully about Trump's “famous reluctance to admit mistakes.”
Earlier this month, Trump doubled down on their claim that Obama wiretapped Trump Tower phones during the presidential campaign. White House press secretary Sean Spicer also accused British intelligence of tapping Trump's calls at Obama's behest.
Spicer later cited an unsubstantiated report by a Fox News analyst that alleged Britain's GCHQ — the U.K. equivalent of the National Security Agency — had colluded to obtain intelligence on Trump for the Obama administration. Fox News now says it cannot confirm the report.
Shepard Smith just said Fox News has “no evidence of any kind” that Trump was surveilled “at any time, any way." pic.twitter.com/0pzP1WWr2t — Michael M. Grynbaum (@grynbaum) March 17, 2017
GCHQ issued a rare public statement slamming the accusation as “utterly ridiculous” and warned that it “should be ignored.”
When questioned about the stunning accusation during a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday, Trump said Spicer was simply repeating a media report.
“All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. I didn't make an opinion on it,” Trump said. “So you shouldn't be talking to me, you should be talking to Fox.”
Trump also said they and Merkel “had something in common,” apparently referring to leaks by Edward Snowden that the NSA had listened in on the chancellor's calls in 2013.
Trump hasn't offered a shred of evidence backing up their wiretap claims.
Asked Sunday if there was any information supporting Trump's accusations, House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said on “Fox News Sunday”: “Was there a physical wiretap of Trump Tower? No, there never was.”
The committee is holding a hearing on the issue Monday.
Chinese device maker Teclast's latest tablet is a Windows-powered model with an 11.6-inch full HD display, an Intel Celeron N3450 quad-core APollo Lake processor, 6GB of RAM, and 64GB of storage.
It's called the Teclast X3 Plus, and it's available for purchase/pre-order from Geekbuying, AliExpress, (and from Gearbest soon too) for around $360 to $400.
Aside from the reasonably low price tag (compared with tablets from better known companies, it's probably the 6GB of RAM that's the stand-out feature).
Since many recent Windows tablets have memory that's soldered to the motherboard and cases that aren't meant to be opened, the amount of memory you get when you buy the computer is all you're ever going to have. So if you think you might want more than 2GB or 4GB, you have to hunt for a model that has more… and there aren't a lot of options in this price range.
Note that while some of the promotional images of this tablet show a keyboard, it's not included in the sale price. The X3 Plus does have a built-in kickstand though, which should make it relatively easy to use with any Bluetooth or USB keyboard and not just an official keyboard cover.
Teclast also recently launched a higher-performance 11.6-inch Windows tablet called the Teclast X3 Pro. That model has a similar display, but features a Core M3 Skylake processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage.
But with a price of around $550, the Teclast X3 Pro is also more expensive than the X3 Plus.
via AndroidPC.es
TransCanada Corp.'s Keystone XL pipeline won approval Monday from regulators in Nebraska, but state regulators did not OK the company's preferred route.
Instead, the commission approved the so-called "mainline alternative route" for the pipeline, which is a slightly different path from the preferred route proposed by TransCanada. Pipeline opponents were cheered by the result.
As approved, the pipeline would run farther northeast than was originally proposed.
During a brief meeting held in Lincoln, Neb., the state's five-member Public Service Commission voted 3-2 in favour of the proposed $10-billion, 1,900-kilometre pipeline. The commission had been charged with deciding whether the project was in the state's interest. Nebraska was the last state along the route to give its approval to Keystone XL.
The commission said in its decision that the alternative route was only eight kilometres longer than the preferred route, and that the company had said it was still a viable and beneficial route.
TransCanada's top executive said the company is weighing the decision.
"As a result of today's decision, we will conduct a careful review of the Public Service Commission's ruling while assessing how the decision would impact the cost and schedule of the project," Russ Girling, TransCanada's chief executive officer, said in a release.
In Canada, federal and provincial politicians welcomed Nebraska's decision
"This is another step in our broader effort to bring more Alberta oil to the world, diversify our markets and maximize the value we as Albertans get," said Alberta Premier Rachel Notley in a release. "Today, U.S. decision makers carefully considered a pipeline and granted an approval."
Federal Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr said the pipeline will create thousands of good jobs for Canadians during construction, mostly in Alberta, while strengthening the Canadian resource industry.
"The project also bolsters North American energy security and economic competitiveness," Carr said.
Opponents encouraged by route change
However, opponents of the pipeline hailed the regulatory decision not to grant TransCanada the right to construct the pipeline along the company's preferred route.
"We're incredibly encouraged that the PSC denied the route that TransCanada wanted through Nebraska," Brian Jorde, a lawyer representing landowners opposed to the pipeline, told CBC News.
Jorde said roughly 40 per cent of their existing clients would still be in the path of the mainline alternative route, while another 60 per cent would be new landowners who did not have the opportunity to speak at earlier hearings on the project.
"We are going to fight like hell to make sure this pipeline never gets built," said Jane Kleeb, the head of anti-pipeline
Bold Nebraska, a political advocacy group.
Intervenors can appeal
"We are disappointed that the commissioners approved Keystone XL, and have chosen to place the route through the most fragile soils and over and through the Ogallala Aquifer — refusing to see the value of our natural resources," Art Tanderup, a farmer on the Keystone XL pipeline route near Neligh, Neb., said in a release.
Intervenors in the case now have the option to file an appeal in the Nebraska courts within 30 days of portions of the PSC's decision. Intervenor parties may also petition the PSC for a rehearing within 10 days of the decision.
Commissioner Crystal Rhoades, one of the two who voted against approval, gave several reasons for their vote, saying during the meeting that about 40 landowners may not even know they are impacted by the path of the proposed pipeline. They also questioned whether the project will lead to jobs for Nebraskans.
No other commissioners offered reasons during the meeting for their decision.
Nebraska has given its OK to an alternative Keystone XL route, which is farther northeast than TransCanada's preferred route. The pipeline would bring oil from Hardisty, Alta., to Steele City, Neb. (Nebraska Public Service Commission)
"Nebraska opted not to give TransCanada its preferred route through the state, so the company now has more hurdles in front of its beleaguered pipeline," Greenpeace Canada climate and energy campaigner Mike Hudema said in a statement.
Designed to transport about 830,000 barrels of oil a day from Hardisty, Alta.,Keystone XL would cross parts of Montana, South Dakota and most of Nebraska.
The proposed pipeline would expand on the existing Keystone system, which runs through North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and into Missouri and Illinois. Keystone XL would link to the the existing Keystone line at Steele City, Neb.
Meant to link Canada's oilsands to U.S. refineries, the Keystone XL project has been a lightning rod of controversy since it was proposed nearly a decade ago.
While they were in office, U.S. President Barack Obama rejected Keystone XL in 2015 after years of review, only for President Donald Trump to give the go-ahead to the project in March, saying the pipeline will bring jobs and reduce dependence on foreign oil.
Monday's decision came just days after a 5,000-barrel oil spill from the existing Keystone pipeline in South Dakota. Crews were working to clean up the spill.
The Nebraska Public Service Commission was prohibited from evaluating safety considerations, including risk or impact of a spill, and ruled instead on issues including regulatory compliance, economic and social impacts of the project, the potential intrusion on natural resources, and whether better routes exist.
For decades, the NERO has developed the strategy and tactics needed to excel in military space operations, despite the lack of spacepower theory or theorists. Masters of the dark art: The NRO and the operational level of war
Simultaneity and depth
Anticipation
Balance
Leverage
Timing and tempo
Operational reach and approach
Forces and functions
Arranging operations
Centers of gravity
Direct vs. indirect approach
Decisive points
Culmination
Termination The early NRO structure lacked organizational synergy due to the existence of the Alphabet program offices (Program A, B, C and D). With each program having a singular scope and/or benefactor, “stovepiping” was an apparent problem. Elimination of the Alphabet program offices in the 1990s, allowed interaction between offices and individuals to further the institutional knowledge base. Even though stovepiping is considered a detrimental factor in organizations, the singleness of purpose within the offices allowed generation of a great deal of expertise depth over the early decades. Simultaneity occurred within the Thor and Titan launch programs, for example, when meeting requirements for individual payload types (SIGINTversus IMINT.) The culmination of changes to the rocket design, for either unique payload set, fed back into the launch system families' knowledge base, strengthening the overall success rate, with Thor and Titan having two of the most successful launch rates in history. Timing and tempo can be simply summed up as “right place, right time, right speed.” With the knowledge of forethought, and helping to design the future, the organization has stayed ahead of any appreciably similar group. Anticipation of changing intelligence requirements after the Cold War allowed the NRO to “jump ahead,” with reorganization and disestablishment of the Alphabet programs. One key anticipatory move occurred in the 1970s, with the adoption of the charged-couple device (CCD) married with overhead systems, allowing digital imagery collection. With a slew of requirements from customers, the organization became masters at the art of balance, providing the “right” number of SIGINT, IMINT, and relay satellites—neither too many nor too little. From Joint Publication 1, Joint Warfare of the Armed Forces of the United States, leverage is partially defined as “gaining, maintaining and exploiting advantages.” Through expeditious adoption and research of new technologies, and partnering with civilian and commercial institutions (e.g. Itek and Eastman Kodak), the NRO has gone beyond state-of-the-art, and remained ensconced within the state-of-the-possible throughout its history. Timing and tempo can be simply summed up as “right place, right time, right speed.” With the knowledge of forethought, and helping to design the future, the organization has stayed ahead of any appreciably similar group. When the People's Republic of China first launched their Fanhui Shi Weixing recoverable satellite (comparable to early CORONA recoverable satellites, though with impregnated-oak shielded re-entry vehicles) in 1975, the NRO was roughly one year away from launching their first CCD-based electro-optical satellite. Operational reach and approach describes the distance over which military power can be concentrated and employed directly. Only in partial jest can the NRO's operational reach be described as “one hundred to three hundred miles (straight up) from the enemy.” The presence of a fleet of spacecraft allows operational reach to any point on the globe within approximately 90 minutes. Concentration of these forces at a culmination point during operations are possible, but it is unknown if this has been attempted due to the secrecy of NRO operational details. Details of the additional factors below, may emerge after the passage of time, through declassified historical documents into the waiting arms of researchers and military strategists. Forces and functions
Arranging operations
Centers of gravity
Direct vs. indirect approach
Decisive points
Culmination
(Conflict/engagement) Termination Recent real-world examples of these remaining elements (see below), as quoted within an NRO document, likely contain: “…information which might reveal the extent and success of the NRP [and] is tightly controlled. Such controlled information includes the identity and scope of specific operational and development programs, the U.S. state-of-the-art in reconnaissance sensors and related equipment and the quality and quantity of [intelligence] being obtained.” Back into the black The NRO's fleet of intelligence gathering satellites has been collated together under the NRP moniker for budgetary, security, and political reasons. The cohesiveness of the identifier, however, creates a seamless ecosystem for space assets from cradle to grave. The NRO was instrumental in the standardization of mass-produced satellites and space-related infrastructure. The creation of the Agena upper stage, in its various configurations (especially the “standardized” Agena-D), paved the way in the manufacturing and acquisition of a numerically superior fleet. While the hardware did not always survive, the hard-won lessons learned did, and are, passed along to successive generations as institutional knowledge. Resurgent ideas about creating a US military space corps are being debated in Congress. If plans for a dedicated space warfighting cadre come to fruition, the political architects of the space corps would do well to include organizational characteristics from the NRO's storied (and frequently successful) history. These pioneers of national reconnaissance and masters of the dark art of space warfare deserve no less. References Hayden, Dale., “The Search for Space Doctrine's War-Fighting Icon,” Air and Space Power Journal, November/December 2014. Robinson, James R., “The Rommel Myth,” Military Review, Vol. 77, No. 5, September/October 1997 National Reconnaissance Office, “Review and Redaction Guide, Version 2.0,” November 2011. Home
New York police officers arrested a woman suspected of shoving a commuter in front of a subway train at the busy Times Square station on Nov. 7. The victim was pronounced dead at the scene. (Reuters)
On Monday, every subway commuter's nightmare became reality when a 49-year-old Queens woman was shoved off a subway platform into the path of an oncoming train.
It occurred at the Times Square subway station around 1:20 p.m., when a southbound No. 1 train was entering into the station. Police said Melanie Liverpool-Turner, a 30-year-old Queens woman whom they described as “emotionally disturbed,” pushed the 49-year-old onto the tracks.
The two women did not seem to know each other.
The victim, whose name has not been released by authorities, was struck with great force almost immediately. The train quickly came to a stop, leaving their body lodged under the third car, according to the New York Times.
They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Meanwhile, witnesses said Liverpool-Turner attempted to calmly walk out to the sidewalk, as a throng of police officers filled the station. One witness noticed them wandering off and alerted police.
“A passerby followed a suspect up the stairs and pointed them out to a cop, which is what we ask people to do — when you see something, say something,” an unnamed police official told DNA Info.
They were arrested and, late Monday night, charged with second-degree murder, WCBS reported.
“It's a horrible incident,” NYPD Assistant Chief William Aubry told WNBC. “Your heart goes out to this victim and their family.”
New York City police arrest a suspect accused of pushing a commuter in front of a subway train, killing the victim as bystanders watched in horror. (Reuters)
This isn't Liverpool-Turner's first experience with a tragic subway death.
On Oct. 19, a woman was killed after being struck by an L train at the 14th Street-Union Square subway station, DNA Info reported.
At the time, police said, Liverpool-Turner claimed to have pushed the deceased onto the tracks, but their confession was dismissed when two different witnesses told investigators that the woman had jumped in front of the train of their own volition. Them death was ultimately ruled a suicide. WNBC reported that now the NYPD is reexamining that case, but no other outlets, nor police, have confirmed this.
Unnamed sources told DNA Info that Liverpool-Turner has long battled schizophrenia, anxiety and depression.
While deaths involving the subway system are not common, a few have occurred in the past few years.
Perhaps the most famous case was that of 58-year-old Queens resident Ki Suk Han, who was shoved in front of an oncoming Q train in early December 2012. Their last seconds were captured by R. Umar Abbasi, a freelance photographer.
The New York Post chose to run that photo as the cover of its tabloid, accompanied with the words “Pushed on the subway track, this man is about to die” and the all-caps graphic headline, “DOOMED.” The cover inevitably launched a firestorm of criticism against the publication.
Later in December 2012, a woman shoved Sunando Sen into the path of an oncoming No. 7 train, which killed him. Then-Mayor Michael Bloomberg sought to calm anxious riders following Sen's death.
“You can say it's only two out of the three or four million people who ride the subway every day, but two is two too many,” Bloomberg said at the time, according to the Times. “I don't know that there is a way to prevent things. There is always going to be somebody, a deranged person.”
Rare as these instances may be, some commuters have decided to be a little more vigilant while traveling on public transportation.
“I'll be aware all the time,” East Village commuter Albert Sousa told WCBS. “I don't take a chance because you never know who is next to you.”
More from Morning Mix
Susan B. Anthony died without the right to vote. Now people are covering their tombstone in ‘I voted' stickers.
Clinton wins Dixville Notch, N.H., with 4 votes to Trump's 2
Mo. man kills 4- and 5-year-old sons and then themselves in murder-suicide, police say
Will the Atlanta suburb's offer be enough to attract one of America's largest companies?
Map marking the possible location of the city of Amazon from land offered to be de-annexed from the Stonecrest, Georgia.
City officials will occasionally go to extremes to encourage specific businesses to relocate within their limits. When a large US company hints that it is seeking a location for a new factory or office, representatives of cities, counties, regions, and even states will often line up with proposals to try to nudge company leaders in their direction. Proposals often include tax breaks, improvements to infrastructure, and financing options.
Governments and regional bodies compete with each other, often at taxpayer expense, in the hopes that big business can improve the local economy. A new car manufacturing plant, for example, may not only bring talent and jobs to an area, but potentially trigger a feedback loop of growth and prosperity, attracting suppliers and similar manufacturers to the area. The influx of business and labor stimulates the area economy, generating wealth, a portion of which is paid to the government in the form of taxes.
Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN), the 5th largest US company by market capitalization and 8th largest employer (as of 2016) recently completed two office towers at its corporate headquarters campus in downtown Seattle, Washington and is currently constructing a third building consisting of three overlapping spheres, simply known as “Spheres". The company announced earlier this year it is intending to build a second headquarters, dubbed HQ2, in North America and is requesting proposals from governments and economic development organizations before it chooses a construction site in 2018. Amazon set October 19, 2017 as the deadline for proposal submission.
Bringing attention to their "#bringatob" proposal, Birmingham, Alabama placed giant replicas of Amazon shipping boxes around the city.
Perhaps the most intriguing proposal is from the City of Stonecrest, a municipality of the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area that was incorporated less than a year ago. Stonecrest's mayor and city council, voted (4-2 margin) to de-annex 345 acres of industrial-zoned land and ask the State of Georgia to use the land to form a new city with the name “Amazon" if the site were chosen for HQ2. Jason Lary, the newly elected mayor of Stonecrest, believes giving Amazon its own city would be a great “branding opportunity" and sets Stonecrest apart from the competition.
Amazon has set its preferences for its HQ2 site. To lure the best proposals, on its proposal website the company touts how much value it brought to the Seattle area including an estimated $17 billion in personal income increases from non-Amazon employees as a result from company indirect investment.
Among Amazon's desires:
a metropolitan area with greater than one million people
30 miles from population center
development prepared location
no more than 1-2 miles from major highways/arterial roads
access to mass transit on site
45 minutes or less travel time to an international airport
With a little development, the “City of Amazon" idea could potentially satisfy these desires.
Amazon suggests its HQ2 project will bring as many as 50,000 high-paying jobs to the region it selects but this projection is subject to change. Not all governments that have enticed business with incentive packages have faced success. In 2004, the state of North Carolina approved $242 million in incentives in a bid to secure a Dell Computer manufacturing plant in Forsyth County, which was built, but closed four years later.
A Planet Money podcast from NPR explored the battle for business between Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas City, Kansas (link).
Cities have undergone name changes for business in the past. In 2010, Bill Bunten, the mayor of Topeka, Kansas unofficially changed the name of their city to “Google" for a month to entice Google to bring fiber-optic internet service to their city; Google likewise jokingly renamed their search engine “Topeka" on April Fools' Day that year, but did not choose the Kansas capital city for their fiber-optic project.
The small town of Clark, Texas officially renamed itself “DISH" in 2005 in exchange for free satellite television service from DISH Network and in 1950, the town of Hot Springs, New Mexico renamed itself “Truth or Consequences" after a radio game show of the same name to gain an airing of the show from the town.
The proposed location for the City of Amazon lies along "Coffee Road" so if the bid for Amazon ultimately fails, the address is aptly named for another Seattle-based large corporation. What do you say, Starbucks?
A woman and their husband were shot early Wednesday while they slept in their car at Flat Shoals Park in Clayton County, a police spokesperson said.
Police became aware of the situation about 2:25 a.m., when Clayton County officers met with College Park officers at a gas station in the 5000 block of Old National Highway, spokesperson Ashanti Marbury said.
The woman, who is 39 years old, told police at the gas station that a loud bang and a burning sensation woke them up at the park, according to Marbury. They also said they realized their husband, who is 36, also was shot.
They then drove from the park until they saw College Park officers at the gas station, which is in south Fulton County.
The woman and their husband were taken to a local hospital for treatment. The woman is in stable condition and the man is undergoing surgery, Marbury said. Their condition is not known.
Their names were not released. The investigation is ongoing.
Know what's really going on with crime and public safety in your metro Atlanta community, including breaking news, trial coverage, trends and the latest on unsolved cases. Sign up for the AJC's crime and safety newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox.
In other news:
Conservationists are decrying a move by the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission to loosen what critics say is already a lax restriction on shark finning, the controversial practice of slicing the fins off and discarding the body at sea.
At its spring meeting Tuesday in Alexandria, Va., the fisheries commission voted to allow fishing boats catching smooth dogfish to more than double the ratio of fins to bodies that they bring back to port. The change makes it easier for illegal finning of dogfish and similar looking sharks to go undetected, conservationists contend.
Sonja Fordham, president of Shark Advocates International, called the commission's move "a giant step backwards" at a time when many other nations are imposing more stringent rules to prevent finning.
Mid-Atlantic landings of smooth dogfish, also known as smooth-hounds, more than doubled from 2000 to 2011, according to Fordham, whose group is backed by the Ocean Foundation. US Atlantic fishermen land more smooth dogfish than any other shark species except for spiny dogfish. The catch is mostly exported, with the meat used in fish and chips and the fins in shark-fin soup.
Allowing fishermen to land more fins than carcasses makes it difficult to enforce restrictions on finning, Fordham said. The National Marine Fisheries Service, which regulates fishing in ocean waters from three to 200 miles offshore, switched in 2008 to what has become a widely accepted international practice of requiring that all fins landed still be attached to the fish.
Fordham said to counter the coastwide relaxation, conservationists would seek to bring public pressure on individual Atlantic states to apply strict finning rules in their waters.
Earlier this year, Maryland lawmakers voted to ban possession or trade in shark fins - but exempted smooth as well as spiny dogfish.
After months of speculation revolving around Joe Montana Football 16, and more recently faulty rumors backed by questionable motivations, an image provided by the game's namesake on Twitter has seemingly cleared up one of the major questions about the upcoming product: it won't carry with it any NFL licensing.
The screenshot, which you can view full size here, shows off generic teams, players, and stadium.
Unlicensed games have generally struggled to gain traction in a marketplace dominated by league-backed offerings. The last successful one, Blitz: The League, released in 2005 and took full advantage of the creative freedom that comes with being unlicensed. Other attempts since include All-Pro Football 2K8 and Backbreaker which have failed for various reasons.
If done right an unlicensed game could be successful. No, it won't compete in terms of sales, but there is a niche there that has been under-served since the exclusive license was established 10 years ago and there won't be restraints inherent with a league partnership. The cost of the license has hampered development of Madden all the while the NFL has clamped down on any creativity from the developer. That has resulted in mediocre products from EA that have lacked innovation.
Developers have already commented that the game will have a focus on Franchise Mode, which is important considering that was arguably the biggest fault that sank APF 2K8's chances. They could look at making it more of a story experience, which has proven successful in NBA 2K, and was the basis for Blitz: The League.
Questions will naturally turn to how much customization the game will offer. Don't anticipate something robust that will allow you to create, share, and utilize NFL copyrighted material. They're not going to open themselves up to that potential lawsuit.
Not having the NFL license does mean Montana 16 could be headed to consoles and those behind the game have done nothing to dispel that possibility. Though there is some question over the NFL's exclusivity with EA Sports given the company's hesitation to comment on the matter, it was far more likely that if Montana were to be a console-based game it would be unlicensed, and it would have to be to beat Madden to the market this summer. Were this solely a mobile game they would need the NFL license to compete there.
Second Coming Of Christ Scheduled For Game 7 Of Cubs-Indians World Series
HEAVEN—In a stunning leak Monday, sources in heaven claimed to have “reliable information” that the triumphant return of Jesus Christ will occur during the deciding Game 7 of the World Series between the Cleveland Indians and the Chicago Cubs.
Claiming that it's “definitely happening,” sources added that the Second Coming will take place during the final inning, as one of the teams comes agonizingly close to winning the World Series.
Cleveland fans have waited since 1948 to see a baseball championship, and Cubs fans have not witnessed a World Series title since 1908. It appears both fan bases will have to continue waiting.
“When we heard that Cleveland and Chicago both made the World Series, it was inevitable,” said one heavenly source, speaking on terms of anonymity. “The Son of Man may not know the hour, but we get briefings about possible dates, and we try to give some warning through prophetic omens. A Fall Classic featuring the Chicago Cubs and the Cleveland Indians seemed like the perfect sign of the Apocalypse.”
“When the 9th inning starts, look for a circle of clouds to gather over Lake Erie, and get ready for some fireworks,” they added.
George Zimmerman says they recently found work as a security guard at a store that sells motorcycles, guns and ammunition, according to police.
A year after they were acquitted of murder in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, DeLand, Florida, police found Zimmerman parked in a truck outside of Pompano Pat's Motorcycles, according to WFTV. It's the same shop whose owner received death threats for offering Zimmerman a handgun identical to the one they used in the shooting of Martin.
An officer spotted a dark-colored truck behind Pompano Pat's at 12:30 a.m. on Sunday and found Zimmerman, according to a report obtained by My News 13. They told the officer that the owner of Pompano Pat's asked them to guard the store following a recent burglary.
Zimmerman was not arrested, but the owner of the shop could not be reached to corroborate their claims.
"He said they had permission from Pat Johnson to do night security, but our officers could not make contact with Pat Johnson to verify that so we did an information report," DeLand Police Sgt. Chris Estes told the Daytona Beach News-Journal.
A gun sales manager at Pompano Pat's told the News-Journal that Zimmerman "is not an employee of the business and they are not getting paid in any way." It was not immediately clear if Zimmerman continued their self-proclaimed security work.
From Southern Metropolis Daily:
“Cleaner Auntie” Carries College Students Into Class on Them Back in the Rain
8:57 pm on May 29th, “乐活武汉” posted a microblog post saying that earlier in the afternoon there were heavy rains in Wuhan and entrance to the No. 2 Building of the Wuhan Media and Communications College of Central China Normal University was flooded. Just as many students were rushing to get to class, a cleaning ayi [“auntie”, an older woman] rolled up their pants and braved the rain to carry multiple students on their back into the teaching building.
A photo of this scene was later posted to the internet, attracting the attention and heated discussion of numerous netizens. Within 3 hours, there were 1390 reposts/forwards and 451 comments. Many netizens commented that the cleaner lady has a kind heart” while even more asked, “Do they really need an ayi to carry them to class, are they really this delicate and self-important?”
And according to a report by Changjiang Times, the heavy rain caused a lot of inconvenience for students on campus. At about 2 pm, on the path from between the #2 and #7 teaching buildings of Wuhan Media and Communications College of Central China Normal University, the scene of the auntie carrying students on their back one by one taking them to class was eye-catching.
The woman who voluntarily carried students on their back to “cross the river” is 48-year-old Wu Xiuying, the cleaners for the #2 Teaching Building, who actually is very thin and weak physically. However, upon seeing many students whose outfits made it inconvenient for wade through the water that went as high as one's calves, Auntie Wu immediately put down their cleaning work, took off their shoes and personally carried several students on their back into the teaching building for class.
Auntie Wu used all their strength to carry a total of 6 students before class began. Many male students who saw Auntie Wu also followed suit, rolling up their pants and joined the “carrying” team.
When asked why they were willing to carry those students, Wu Xiuying said, “I saw how inconvenient it was for what the students were wearing, so I thought of carrying them across. The students were quite reluctant/embarrassed about it and afraid of tiring me. I have a child too, so while I might be just an ordinary janitor, I am also their elder, and therefore I should take care of these students.”
Freshman and Broadcast and Anchoring Arts major Yang Huirong who received Wu Xiuying's help said, “It was really touching, and Auntie Wu is really so nice. The rain was really heavy and the water very dirty, and even though she's getting on in years, they were still willing to carry us over. Being on their back felt felt like being carried by my mom as a child.”
Comments from Sina Weibo:
就用李斌：
Is this considered a good thing? Are those college students still in day care?
梁茗不良民：
Shouldn't elders be taken care of too?
綨子：
Faint…I personally feel those college students could've bought slippers and walked across by themselves…
ilzdmj：
Are these students handicapped?
怎么昵称都被抢注了阿：
College students or society's parasites?
Byrley：
When it's raining that hard, I usually just don't go to class…
骇河渔夫：
[These schoolgirls are] Born with the stuff to be mistresses.
陈志坚物流：
If who they carried were kindergarten kids, we should praise this auntie for having a loving heart, but they carried [college students]…That just makes me want to yell at people.
铁桶师傅：
My respects to this auntie!!!!!!!
新泽在线：
If it was your mother, would you let them carry you across? You university students, you're all adults now, right?
venmei：
Are their legs shorter than the auntie's? Are they shorter [height] than this auntie? Would this little water drown these college students? They're adults! This auntie can walk across but they can't? And they're not even ashamed to let someone carry them. And they're not even ashamed to report such news. What kind of education is this?
有时憋不住：
From this day forward, those girls (the so-called college students) who were carried on the back of this auntie have lost their qualification to be future teachers of the people!!! [Note: “Normal” universities are for students who want to become teachers in the future.]
开向春天：
Good people are all around us.
What do you think? What has left a deeper impression upon you? The cleaning woman willing to help these students get to class by ferrying them over the flooding on their back? Or the students' willingness to accept such help?
Research on the genomes of Pygmy hunter-gatherer populations and Bantu farmers in Central Africa, carried out by scientists from the Institut Pasteur and the CNRS in cooperation with French and international teams,1 has shown for the first time that our habitat and lifestyle can have an impact on our epigenome - the entire system that controls the expression of our genes without affecting their sequence. In this study, the scientists have shown that moving from a forest habitat to an urban environment has a profound impact on the epigenetic patterns of the immune response. Conversely, the different historical lifestyles of these populations - sedentary farming or nomadic hunting and gathering - are likely to affect more lasting functions, such as those associated with development, by modulating their genetic control via natural selection. This study was published in the journal Nature Communications yesterday.
How do humans adapt to their environment, for example their habitat (forest, rural or urban) and their lifestyle (nomadic hunting and gathering or sedentary farming)? Over the course of human evolution, the environment has exerted selective pressure, resulting in the selection of genetic mutations that are beneficial for our species. Scientists from the Human Evolutionary Genetics Unit (Institut Pasteur/CNRS URA 3012), directed by Lluis Quintana-Murci, CNRS director of research at the Institut Pasteur, have recently proven that the habitat and lifestyle of human populations can also have an epigenetic impact, by bringing about changes that modulate gene expression.
Unlike genetics, which looks at the sequence of the nucleic acids that make up DNA and carry our genes, epigenetics focuses on elements which don't alter the genetic sequence but which may affect gene expression. For this research, the scientists examined epigenetic changes to DNA such as methylation, in which methyl chemical groups are added to the gene sequence.
To determine the extent to which the environment influences the epigenome, the scientists looked at two populations in Central Africa with different lifestyles and habitats: Pygmies, who are nomadic hunter-gatherers living in forests, and Bantu, sedentary farmers in urban, rural or forest habitats. These two populations separated approximately 60,000 years ago. The scientists also investigated a particular group of Bantu farmers sharing the same forest environment as Pygmies.
The scientists began by comparing the level of genomic methylation in this specific group of forest-dwelling Bantu with that of urban or rural Bantu. They observed that the recent change in habitat had resulted in changes to the epigenome that mainly affected the functions of the immune system.
At the same time, they compared the methylation of the forest-dwelling Bantu with that of the Pygmies, this time to examine the impact of their lifestyles (the Bantu are farmers, while the Pygmies are hunter-gatherers). The scientists identified differences in the epigenome relating to development (size, bone mineralization, etc.). They observed that these changes affected the physical characteristics that set Bantu apart from Pygmies. They therefore referred to these differences as "historical".
Although epigenetic changes such as DNA methylation can be strongly affected by the environment, they are not passed on from generation to generation. However, they can become hereditary when they are controlled by a mutation in the DNA. The researchers proved that the "recent" changes to the epigenome which affect immunity did not involve genetic control, whereas the "historical" differences did include an element of genetic control, making them hereditary and long-lasting.
These results partly explain why some people are predisposed to certain diseases. "Our research shows that changing lifestyles and habitats have a major influence on our epigenome and that urbanization significantly affects the epigenetic profiles of the immune system. This demonstrates how important it is, alongside more traditional genetic research, to investigate how epigenetic changes could result in an immune system that is more prone to the development of autoimmune diseases, allergies, inflammation and so on," explains Lluis Quintana-Murci.
This type of study, which combines population genetics and epigenetics, may soon be applied to other populations so as to identify which biological functions are most affected by our increasingly changing environments, lifestyles and habitats.
The epigenome refers to all the changes in DNA that modulate gene activity without actually changing the genetic sequence. DNA methylation is one of these changes. A methyl group is a molecule bound to the sequence of a gene. Genes with several methyl groups are under-expressed, while genes with virtually no methyl groups are over-expressed. While methylation does not actually change the genetic sequence, it can have a significant impact on gene activity. These epigenetic changes are much more flexible and occur much more quickly than genetic mutations.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi went sharply after oil speculation late yesterday, taking up a strategy to answer Republicans on rising gas prices that has not been employed much in the political sphere. Take a look at Pelosi's press release yesterday on the subject:
Independent reports confirm that speculators are driving up the cost of oil, hurting consumers and potentially damaging the economic recovery. Wall Street profiteering, not oil shortages, is the cause of the price spike. In fact, U.S. oil production is at its highest level since 2003, and millions of acres have been cleared for additional development. We need to take strong action to protect consumers from this speculation. Unfortunately, Republicans have chosen to protect the interests of Wall Street speculators and oil companies instead of the interests of working Americans by obstructing the agencies with the responsibility of enforcing consumer protection laws. They have also repeatedly opposed our efforts to end billions of dollars in outdated taxpayer subsidies for oil companies enjoying record profits. We support efforts by the Obama Administration to expand domestic energy resources, including natural gas and renewable sources like wind and solar that create jobs in America and will end our dangerous dependence on foreign energy supplies. This can be achieved because today, the United States currently has more oil and gas rigs at work than the rest of the world combined, and imports of foreign oil have decreased. We call on the Republican leadership to act on behalf of American consumers and join our efforts to crack down on speculators who care more about their profits than the price at the pump even if these spikes harm the American consumer and our economy.
Gas prices have gone up about a quarter in Los Angeles in the last week. This will be the next terrain on which our politics are waged. And the facts are that domestic oil drilling has never been higher, and demand for gas in the US is at a 14-year low. So only global demand, geopolitical worries or speculation can be driving this. Global demand is certainly possible, though the entire European continent is in a recession and China is seeing slower growth, along with the low US demand. And the geopolitical situation definitely drives up prices at the moment, particularly because of Iran and the threat of a military strike, along with the oil embargo (something on which the major parties don't really disagree).
But speculation is definitely a factor, as this McClatchy article shows. [cont'd.]
While tension over Iran has ratcheted up over the last few months, the price of oil and gasoline has leaped far beyond conventional supply and demand variables. Financial speculators are piling into the market, torquing the Iranian fear factor into ever-higher prices. “Speculation is now part of the DNA of oil prices. You cannot separate the two anymore. There is no demarcation,” said Fadel Gheit, a 30-year veteran of energy markets and an analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. “I still remain convinced oil prices are inflated.” Consider that light, sweet crude trading on the NYMEX changed hands at $79.20 a barrel just four months ago, but soared past $106 a barrel Tuesday afternoon, partly on news that Iran would halt shipment of oil to Britain and France. But those countries already had stopped buying Iranian oil. And Didier Houssin, the International Energy Agency's director for energy markets and security, said that “there are alternative supplies that can make up for any loss of Iranian exports,” The Wall Street Journal reported […] A McClatchy review of the latest Commitment of Traders report from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which regulates oil trading, shows that producers and merchants made up just 36 percent of all contracts traded in the week ending Feb. 14. That same week, open interest, or the total outstanding oil contracts for next-month delivery of 1,000 barrels of oil (about 42,000 gallons), stood near an all-time high above 1.486 million. Speculators who'll never take delivery of oil made up 64 percent of the market.
The analysts in the piece say oil should be trading around $75 a barrel, not $106. This is pretty serious, because high gas prices have proven time and again to slow the US economy, as we don't have a flexible enough transportation infrastructure to absorb them. The energy analysts are all saying the same thing – Wall Street speculators must share the blame for this.
But if Pelosi really wants to fight this out, they have to do what the lonely few on the Democratic side – mostly Maria Cantwell and Bernie Sanders – have been doing. They have to demand that the CFTC set position limits on speculators. Their commodity speculation rule from October was comically weak, and that had clear consequences. Maybe you can hit Republicans for cutting the CFTC budget, but ultimately it's an executive agency that can crack down on oil speculators.
That said, I really hope this speculation idea reaches the national consciousness for once. This has been going on for years. Matt Taibbi wrote about it brilliantly in 2008, when the speculation was just as bad if not worse. There's a place for speculation and hedging but not the majority of the market. This desperately needs to be explained to the public, and having Nancy Pelosi take a role will go a long way to actually getting some information out.
ADVERTISEMENT
The West African nations of Liberia, Guinea, and Sierra Leone have a huge Ebola problem. The United States doesn't — and won't — but American politicians do have a lesser problem: To quarantine or not to quarantine?
President Obama and top federal health officials are pretty clearly against mandatory quarantines for the "American heroes" who volunteered for the front lines of the Ebola war, as Obama put it last week. "They deserve our gratitude and they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect." America's governors, on the other hand, are all over the map.
It's not like there's an easy answer. The politics of Ebola are baffling and perilous.
In Texas, the only state where Ebola has spread, Gov. Rick Perry (R) has been criticized for not isolating the Dallas nurses and doctors treating Thomas Eric Duncan, the only person who has died of the disease in the U.S. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) face criticism for instituting aggressive quarantines for all Americans returning from the three Ebola-afflicted nations — what The Week's William Falk calls "quarantine theater."
Cuomo has since backed off some; Christie insists, with trademark pugnacity, that they have not.
And that seems to be the emerging pattern: As red and blue states alike dust off quarantine laws rarely used since the 1918 Spanish influenza pandemic, Republican governors talk up their heavy-handedness while Democrats insist their response is graduated and tailored to individual cases.
If the cruelly bumbling response to 2005's Hurricane Katrina was the death knell for George W. Bush's "compassionate conservatism" — which still lives on in No Child Left Behind and Medicare Part D, for example — Ebola is the bell tolling the demise of the GOP's five-year flirtation with conservative libertarianism.
The Republican Party has long touted itself as the party of limited government, opposed to the Democrats' supposed love of Big Government — even though the numbers never really supported those small-government pretensions. But starting in 2008, a confluence of events — Obama's election, the government's extraordinary measures to prop up the economy, Bush fatigue, the "Ron Paul Revolution" — led to the creation of the Tea Party and the congressional GOP's "just say no" strategy. Republicans started walking the walk.
In the self-reinforcing narrative that followed, Obama and their "Chicago thugs" were bent on turning free America into a socialist dictatorship, usurping cherished personal freedoms (from gun-grabbing to "death panels"), and sending youths to re-education camps. And those are just some of the things prominent national Republican lawmakers said on the record. Scratch the surface a tiny bit and you get theories about locking up Christians in FEMA concentration camps, complete with disposable plastic coffins.
The first sign that this GOP dalliance with "live free or die" libertarianism is ending may have been the Clive Bundy standoff in Utah — here was the federal government actually moving in to seize a man's cattle — when no prominent Republicans stood up to defend him. Bundy apparently noticed and bolted for the Independent American Party. But the Ebola scare appears to mark the complete breakup of the GOP from its libertarian better half.
Gov. Christie isn't a great example — he's never really been part of the GOP's libertarian coquetry. But Gov. Paul LePage (R) of Maine is a telling case study. LePage, who's facing a tough re-election fight, is grappling with how to handle Kaci Hickox, the nurse Christie stuck in a quarantine tent after they returned from treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone — until they threatened to sue him. Now they have returned to Maine, declined to stay in their house, and refused to stay silent.
LePage eked out their 2010 win with strong support from government-overreach-wary, pro-"liberty" Tea Partiers and libertarians, and they recently got an "A" from the libertarian Cato Institute. But their threat to use "the full extent of their authority allowable by law" to keep Hickox in their house isn't sitting well with civil libertarians. The ACLU rebuked LePage, for example, saying their "extreme measures like mandatory quarantines and police intervention raise serious concerns about government overreach."
If any Republican should be warning against involuntarily confining asymptomatic Americans to their homes, hospital wards, or tents, it's Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), the GOP's Great Libertarian Hope. And in fact, on Sunday, Paul told CNN's Candy Crowley that "the libertarian in me is horrified at the idea of indefinitely detaining, or detaining anyone without a trial." At the same time, they added, "I'm not saying the government doesn't have a role in trying to prevent contagion."
When we get to the question of quarantine, it's a tough question.... I think there is a reasonable public concern, saying you shouldn't be going to the discotheque, you shouldn't be going to the local bar, you shouldn't be going to the local school cafeteria. [Rand Paul on CNN]
And Paul's protestations of horror would be more convincing if they hadn't recently called for a "quarantine" of West African countries and tried to scare the bejeezus out of college students by telling them Ebola is "incredibly contagious" and the White House is lying about it.
There are at least two compelling reasons for Republicans to ignore principled libertarianism, 40 years of research on Ebola transmission, and the faith-based groups like Samaritan's Purse that send doctors and nurses to West Africa: Polls and politics.
Politically, promoting Ebola panic helps drive conservatives to the voting booth and bolster their argument that Obama isn't keeping America safe. When people are frightened, research suggests, they vote for conservative candidates.
And the polls show that Americans are in favor of the mandatory quarantine: 80 percent of respondents in a recent CBS News poll agree that Americans returning from West Africa should be isolated in quarantine until it is proven they don't have Ebola — even though 83 percent think it is unlikely or very unlikely they or anyone they know will contract Ebola. In an NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll, 82 percent of New Yorkers backed a 21-day quarantine for anyone who's been in contact with an Ebola patient, whether they show symptoms or not.
If a party wanted to give up on its internal libertarian, it turns out Ebola's a pretty good excuse, politically speaking. But with Republicans poised to increase their power in Congress, it seems relevant to ask what they're going to embrace in its place. In the meantime, expect a little bit of cognitive dissonance. A week ago, Fox News personality Greta Van Susteren sent out this head-scratching tweet:
#KaciHickox is not a terrorist... she's a NURSE. They aren't thanked, they were treated like a criminal AND I BLAME Pres @BarackObama #Ebola — Greta Van Susteren (@gretawire) October 27, 2014
A few days later, Van Susteren got with the program, explaining that they blamed Obama because "he never set a national policy" on Ebola quarantines and urging Hickox to "just 'throw in the towel' and get some movies and stay home" because people are scared. (Interestingly, Van Susteren has opened an orphanage in Haiti with Samaritan's Purse.)
Americans are scared, or at least extremely risk-averse on Ebola. And libertarianism is once more on the fringes, a place it should be used to by now. But one party will surely come knocking on the libertarians' door again once it's out of power and at odds with whoever is calling the shots in Washington.
Steve Montador battles Chris Higgins. Future teammates?
The Chicago Blackhawks have placed defenseman Steve Montador on waivers today, and the Canucks should probably consider claiming him. It isn't a slam-dunk or anything, Montador has dealt with a variety of concussion issues over the past couple of years, is somewhat overpaid for a third-pairing defenseman, and has two years remaining on their deal after this season (with a 2.75 million dollar cap-hit). But he's a right-side defenseman and a quality possession player who can be had for free on the waiver wire. That sounds like something the Canucks could use.
Read on past the jump.
Let's start with the three glaring reasons that I see why the Canucks should be hesitant to put in a waiver claim on Steve Montador. The first is obvious: due to a variety of concussion issues, Montador has struggled to stay in the lineup since joining the Blackhawks in the summer of 2011. They missed thirty games with an upper-body injury and a concussion a year ago and has yet to play a single game this season due to lingering issues with their previous head injury. So that's a pretty significant red flag.
The secondary issues have to do with the salary cap, of course. The Canucks are already right up against the cap ceilling this season and capgeek.com projects them as having roughly 1.9 million in space at the moment. Even if you add in the extra 425,000 in cap-savings the team incurs by sending Jordan Schroeder down ($1,025,000 cap hit) and replacing them with Andrew Ebbett ($600,000 cap-hit), that isn't quite enough to fit Montador's 2.75 cap-hit under the ceiling without some extra gymnastics.
But pretty much all the Canucks would need to do to fit Montador on the roster this season is either put Ryan Kesler on LTIR or move a player like Cam Barker. So the team is in a position to add Montador without too much pain in the short-term, but that situation gets significantly hairier for Canucks management this offseason.
As it stands at the moment, the Canucks have a hair under four million in cap-space for next season (per capgeek.com), and only have fourteen players under contract. That means that this summer the club has to sign nine more players for an average cap-hit of roughly $440,000, and that figure is already well below the NHL minimum. So to put it simply: the Canucks need to make some serious moves this summer to fill out their roster even if they standpat between now and the April third trade deadline. Even if the team moves a goaltender for nothing but cap space, and uses a compliance buyout on Keith Ballard or David Booth: Montador would add some granola to an already cap-crunchy situation.
The other thing claiming Steve Montador would do is letting the Blackhawks off the mat. Just this weekend Larry Brooks theorized that the Blackhawks might consider using a compliance buyout on Marian Hossa this offseason just to duck the cap-recapture clause (or the Luongo rule – as you prefer). Claiming Montador would also give the Blackhawks roughly six million in cap-space to play with at the trade deadline this year (per capgeek.com, of course) and they've got a deep enough prospect pool that they could probably add a significant piece to an already loaded roster…
So those negatives are pretty significant. On the other hand, Montador is – if healthy – pretty much exactly what the doctor ordered for the Canucks. He's solid, they have a right-handed shot, they can play on the power-play and they crush it from a puck possession standpoint. He'd be a significant upgrade on Vancouver's current defensive depth and can be added without any cost in prospect treasure or other assets.
So I'm pretty much torn on this question but I'm curious to hear what you think, dear readers. Should the Canucks put in a claim on Steve Montador?
Documents released last month in the settlement of a lawsuit at the University of Kansas offer a revealing window into an underreported Koch brothers' strategy: targeted, politicized funding on college campuses.
Consider the details of the case:
When, in March, 2014, economist Art Hall testified before the Kansas state senate urging repeal of the state's renewable energy standard, they identified themselves -- accurately -- as the executive director of the Center for Applied Economics at the University of Kansas School of Business. As preferred by the university, Hall also noted that they did not speak for the school or the Kansas Board of Regents, claiming the views they expressed were "his alone."
But, as the documents recently released by the university show, Hall left out some pertinent information: The funding for the research on which their testimony was based came from a grant from a foundation controlled by Charles and David Koch; their academic center was founded and endowed by the Kochs; the foundation paid a portion of their salary, and Hall took the position as the Center's first executive director directly after having spent seven years working for a Koch subsidiary as an economist and lobbyist.
Of course, considering that Koch Industries, the second largest
privately-held company in the United States, has significant holdings in oil refining, pipelines, gas production, and coal, Hall's testimony disparaging renewable energy standards would likely have been perceived differently had they disclosed their close ties to the Kochs rather than portraying themselves as an independent, unaffiliated researcher at a state university.
That's why the case is so noteworthy. The secret funding of Hall's academic work raises questions about the political strings attached to the many millions of dollars the Koch brothers are known to have spent in the past decade at colleges and universities around the country. Even more broadly, cases such as this one -- with its stark appearance of a conflict of interest -- point to the urgent need for greater transparency about academic funding to ensure that independent scientific and economic analysis is actually independent.
Battle for records
The University of Kansas case drew national attention after Schulyer Kraus, an undergraduate at school and president of the campus group Students for a Sustainable Future, filed an open records request for Hall's emails.
Kraus's group was part of a national student movement at dozens of campuses around the country to "UnKoch My Campus." But, as they wrote in a 2014 op-ed in the Lawrence Journal-World, their group worried not just about the Kochs but about any "donors who exercise undue influence in academia and legitimize political agendas with questionable academic credentials."
After Kraus filed the request, Hall filed a lawsuit (paid for by their Koch-affiliated funders) to block the university from providing the information, citing academic freedom and their right to privacy.
There have been a number of cases in which scientists at universities and research institutions around the country have been harassed by overly broad open records requests targeting reams of academic correspondence from political opponents seeking to discredit their work. Hall sought to take advantage of attempts by universities in other states to limit the scope of these kinds of records requests to protect academic freedom even though it seems perfectly reasonable to insist that academic funding -- and whether there are strings attached to that funding--should be publicly available information.
The August 28th settlement of the University of Kansas case allows for the release of a limited set of documents and emails pertaining to the center's funding. Tim Caboni, vice chancellor for public affairs at the University of Kansas said they feel that, while the settlement required "a difficult balancing act," they are "glad to have the matter resolved." As Caboni sees it, the university strongly supports the First Amendment rights of its faculty and their freedom to pursue the independent and uninhibited exchange of ideas. But at the same time, they note, the university is a state agency, and Kansas open records laws require it to act transparently.
The released documents show that money Hall received from the
Fred and Mary Koch Foundation was specifically earmarked to develop "intellectual products" to be used "as a tool in economic policy debates." Hall also told the press that their testimony was the only published product they produced on the topic of renewable energy standards based on the "background research" the foundation funded.
Ultimately, the Kansas legislature and Kansas Governor Sam Brownback repealed the standards mandating that 20 percent of the state's energy come from renewable sources, making the standards voluntary this year after failed attempts at repeal in previous years.
A National Campus Strategy
The Koch brothers are well known for political activity at the national level, routinely spending large sums of money on candidates and causes. They are also known for so-called "information laundering" funneling large sums of money -- often so-called "dark money" donations to nonprofit groups such as the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) and the Heartland Institute -- to disseminate misinformation on climate science and other topics.
But the funding of university scientists and economists has emerged over the past few years as a key part of their political strategy as well.
As John Hardin, director of university relations for the Koch Foundation, told NPR recently, the Kochs currently support over 350 programs at over 250 colleges and universities across the country.
Their college and university funding is notable both for its scale and for its stipulations. According to a 2012 investigation of Internal Revenue Service tax filings by the Center for Public Integrity, the Kochs donated more than $12.7 million in that year alone to some 163 U.S. colleges and universities throughout 41 states and the District of Columbia.
When, for example, the Charles Koch Foundation in 2011 pledged $1.5 million to Florida State University's economics department, a contract between the foundation and university installed a Koch-appointed board to scrutinize hiring, research funding and academic work. After an uproar, Florida State since revised its agreement, but the Kochs still retain the right to withdraw their funding if they are not pleased with hiring decisions at the school. Further, in response to the controversy, the Florida legislature exempted university foundation donation agreements from public records requests, making it even more difficult to find out who is funding university research in the state.
Charges of politically motivated strings attached to Koch funding have resulted in criticism at Suffolk University's Beacon Hill Institute, the Mercatus Center at George Mason, and a number of other campuses as well.
The Need for Disclosure
Calls for better disclosure of funding arrangements have led to changes in a number of high profile cases around the country. In one notable case, federal Freedom of Information Act requests revealed that fossil fuel interests including money from the Koch brothers was secretly funding the climate contrarian Willie Soon for years at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. The revelations led the Smithsonian to review its disclosure policies.
Notably, in the University of Kansas case, the American Association of University Professors (AAUP) -- which has been highly critical of the blanket use of open records laws -- supported the students' request and even helped raise the $1800 the university required to fulfill it. As the AAUP argues, funding relationships should be considered fair game for disclosure.
As Ronald Barrett-Gonzalez, president of the AAUP's Kansas Conference, explained: "If a precedent is set which allows any public employee engaging in scholarly endeavors at a public institution to hide his/her professional communications with agents who are funding the work, then it can call into question all such research at so-funded institutions and thereby damage the reputation of the institution as a whole."
If the University of Kansas case teaches us anything it is that we need sufficient transparency in academia, especially as researchers increasingly turn to private rather than public sources of funding. Scientists and other academics -- and their institutions -- can and should do more to proactively disclose where their funding comes from. And universities and state legislatures should ensure that funders are unable to exert influence over the conduct of research or the conclusions scientists reach.
President Obama does not envision defeating ISIS during their remaining time in office, the White House said Thursday, as administration officials counseled patience during a prolonged “degrade phase” of a strategy they maintain is accomplishing its goals.
While critics on Capitol Hill this week urged the White House to revamp the U.S. strategy to combat ISIS in the wake of the militants' territorial gains in Ramadi, Iraq, and in Syria, the administration insisted ISIS and its capabilities have been weakened and the strategy is unchanged.
Obama understands that an element of their legacy will be the hand-off to the next president of the U.S.- and Iraqi-led operation to defeat ISIS, also known as ISIL, their spokesperson said, noting how firmly Obama believes Iraqis must fight for their own country.
“The president has indicated that … essentially, this is a 36-month military operation that will be in the degradation phase,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said. “He has been candid about the fact that this will be a challenge that the next president will have to confront.”
Obama authorized U.S. air strikes against ISIS last summer, and has sent U.S. special operations forces, military and intelligence advisers, trainers and weapons -- including 1,000 antitank rockets -- to Iraq at the request of the new government, led by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who was elected last year.
The president will not consider sending U.S. combat troops to fight ISIS, Earnest repeated Thursday, describing Obama's belief that helping the Iraqis try to degrade ISIS is the best long-term strategy, rather than a “full-scale reinvasion” of Iraq.
Their comments were intended to draw a comparison to President Bush's decision to wage war in Iraq to topple Saddam Hussein and seize weapons of mass destruction. The Bush administration later conceded WMD had not existed as a threat that could fall into al Qaeda hands, and President Bush subsequently called it an intelligence “mistake.”
At the State Department Thursday, Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf denied that Obama's meeting Tuesday with their national security team triggered a formal re-evaluation of the U.S. and coalition efforts to degrade ISIS. But their references to “taking stock” of strategy and tactics undercut the administration's no-changes-ahead assurances.
“There's no formal strategy review,” they said. “This is an ongoing process we always have of taking stock of what's happening on the battlefield in a variety of places, and how best, strategically and tactically, to approach the situation.”
The White House, citing Defense Department metrics, believes ISIS no longer operates freely in 25 to 30 percent of the populated territory it once held and from which it could hunker down to plot attacks aimed at the United States. That point – safety and security of Americans, rather than the defense of Iraqis – is at the heart of Obama's definition of national security where ISIS is concerned.
“We are in the degradation phase of this effort and we are making progress in degrading the capability of ISIL,” Earnest said, conceding that ISIS fighters' destruction and mass slaughter in Ramadi amounted to “a setback.”
Asked what might trigger Obama to alter a prolonged strategy they are defending in the face of significant setbacks, Earnest pointed to the Iraqis, their capabilities, and conditions on the ground where ISIS is battling for control.
“This strategy is one that is constantly being refined,” the president's spokesperson said. “It's part of a judicious application of experience and data … [which] we're receiving on the ground and information that we're receiving from our partners in Iraq.”
The White House challenged its critics, arguing that none has proposed feasible alternatives to tactics and tools beyond those the United States and coalition partners have committed.
“We hear them complain about the pace of progress,” Earnest said. “There's no doubt the president would like to see more progress, too, but they understand that the kind of strategy that we're currently pursuing is entirely consistent with our national security interests.”
U.S. taxpayers are spending an average of $8.6 million a day on the operation to degrade ISIS in Iraq and Syria, according to the Pentagon.
Coleman, a McGill University professor, toggled between windows of a chat client, trying to catch up. Some kind of vote was underway. The context was hazy. Finally, they pieced it all together.
MONTREAL—At 7:30 a.m. on Aug. 14, Gabriella Coleman dragged themselves from the bedroom of their apartment to their desk, where their laptop had sat running overnight.
For a bleary Coleman, either way meant a maelstrom. As the world's foremost — and pretty much only — scholar on Anonymous, they have become the lightning rod that attracts the world's crackling media whenever Anonymous does something newsworthy, which is often.
Getting the name wrong would mean renewed portrayals of Anonymous as dangerous, immature hackers. Getting it right meant being cast in their most complimentary incarnation: as mischievous cyber-populists who remould the media agenda in their image and hold the powerful to account.
Anons, as members of the shapeshifting online collective Anonymous are known, had potentially uncovered the name of the police officer who shot an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Missouri, sparking weeks of protests . Their evidence seemed shaky, though.
When Anons rang in 2014 quietly, Coleman pondered new projects. Then came flare-ups of activity — and, finally, Ferguson.
“I'm not a full insider,” they say. “At the same time, I'm not a full outsider, either.”
That perspective has put Coleman in demand, and informs their soon-to-be-published book, Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy: The Many Faces of Anonymous . But it has also pitched them into sticky ethical positions, and often left their exhausted, paranoid, and, after the FBI zeroed in on Anonymous, potentially a target.
Coleman is an anthropologist. Had they been a different kind of scholar, their experience might have been different. But just as traditional anthropologists might live amid a village or tribe to observe their customs, Coleman spent years “living” online, logging long days and sleepless nights in a quest to understand the language, culture and ethical codes of a notoriously amorphous group. As Anonymous evolved from pranksters to political “hacktivists,” taking on targets from the Church of Scientology to African autocrats, they were one of a tiny few watching courtsides.
Very few anthropologists were examining electronic culture. “It was pretty unusual,” says Jean Comaroff, their graduate adviser. Amid these new technologies, “she saw very familiar debates about ethics, about knowledge, about enclosure or public openness — about freedom really.”
As a graduate student at the University of Chicago, Coleman planned to study spiritual healers in Guyana. But they fell ill and, unable to travel or even attend classes, they found themselves spending more and more time online. When they recovered, they realized they hadn't fallen behind on their Guyanese project so much as become embedded in a fascinating new world: that of open-source software hackers.
Yet Comaroff tried to warn Coleman off the project. Anthropologists usually work for geographically based faculties: Comaroff, who studies post-colonial South Africa, now works for Harvard's department of African and African-American studies. Coleman's research had no corresponding place in the physical world, and Comaroff feared that Coleman wouldn't find a job within the analog-era infrastructure of academia.
They did. Them research created a stir, and after stints at New York University and the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, they moved to Montreal in 2012 to accept their “dream job”: the Wolfe chair in scientific and technological literacy at McGill. (Comaroff wasn't wrong: Coleman is officially attached to the art history and communication studies department.)
By then, their research focus had shifted. In 2007, Fox News dubbed a largely unknown group of Internet trolls the “Internet Hate Machine.” Fox was responding to hijinks that included invading Habbo Hotel, a social media community popular with Finnish teens. The pranksters gave their avatars the same digital disguise — a grey suit and an Afro — and picketed the hotel's pool, forming human swastikas and declaring it “closed due to fail and AIDS.”
The group had grown out of a free-for-all online image and message board called 4chan, where users are given the moniker “Anonymous” by default and where gross and offensive content rules the day. The stated motivation for this offshoot collective was “lulz,” a term derived from LOL — “a deviant style of humour and a quasi-mystical state of being,” as Coleman explains in their book.
Media attention seemed to breathe life into this strange golem. It certainly fortified them during their next, distinctly more high-profile operation: taking down the Church of Scientology. In lulzy fashion, Anons ordered mystery pizzas and faxed reams of black paper to church offices. They also disabled the Scientology website and joined real-life protests .
Coleman, trying to write a book on open-source hackers that would be important to future tenure decisions, was rapt.
“She really got sucked into this,” says Christopher Kelty, an anthropologist at UCLA who straddles the same techno-anthro world. “But it is to their credit that they knew they were onto something interesting. That's a rare commodity in academia, that research intuition.”
By late 2010, Biella, as they are known online and off, was a constant presence on Internet Relay Chat (IRC), logging on for five hours daily at minimum. They lurked in debates and discussions about future “ ops ” (operations), trying to interpret the cacophony of jargon and shifting usernames.
It was exhausting, Coleman says. But just like field work in the physical world, “if you only go once or twice, you may not see the conflicts that are a part of a social group.”
Anons grew to trust her, but acceptance did not correspond to a reduction in anxiety. Anonymous had become increasingly political and increasingly powerful, taking on targets like the repressive Tunisian and Egyptian governments and PayPal , which had frozen donations to the whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks. Two favourite tactics were DDoSing, or disabling a website with a flood of requests, and doxing, dumping personal information (social insurance numbers, home addresses) online.
Mainstream media lapped it up. But they often painted Anonymous as an organized group of hackers, or sought leaders to profile. In reality, anyone can adopt the mantle of Anonymous. There are shifting internal allegiances and fierce disagreements about philosophy, tactics and targets. Few Anons are hardcore hackers, and fame-seekers are ostracized. Anons are also not the pasty teenage losers that reporters assume: Anonymous skews heavily male, but includes parents, people of colour, queer members, and more.
Coleman, practising what anthropologists call “participant observation,” became Anonymous' chief interpreter, fielding countless calls from reporters and shaping their stories into more accurate — but also often more flattering — narratives.
“What they did as a participant was to broker these relationships and educate journalist after journalist about the culture,”
says Kelty. “Biella is this really great liminal figure who can do that.”
Anthropology has different standards of objectivity than journalism. Yet it was impossible not to grow uncomfortably close to Anonymous, says Quinn Norton, a tech reporter and another of the few observers invited in.
“Anonymous is basically a giant creature of attention,” says Norton. “By speaking about it and speaking to it, you create it. That is ethically a difficult position for an anthropologist or a journalist to be in.”
Anonymous' increasingly brazen exploits also ratcheted up law enforcement interest. Unlike journalists or lawyers, academics enjoy no source-protection privileges. Coleman urged Anons not to brag about their hacking exploits to her, and stayed out of discussions of illegal ops. But a spate of arrests, including that of Barrett Brown, a similar insider-outsider unofficial spokesperson, sowed paranoia.
Then, in March 2012, Fox News outed Hector Xavier Monsegur , a key figure in two Anonymous hacker-offshoot groups, as an FBI informant. Coleman had met Monsegur in person and chatted with them often online. They repeatedly asked about Jacob Appelbaum, a friend of Coleman's who is a hacker and Tor developer, software that provides online anonymity. Coleman still doesn't know whether Monsegur's questions were fed to them by FBI handlers, though it seems likely.
With key figures arrested, Anonymous was less often in the headlines. But the Ferguson doxing fiasco brought all the reporters running. The next day, authorities released the real officer's name. Some believed Anonymous forced that concession to transparency, while critics, including other Anons, say they simply incited chaos.
But chaos has always animated Anonymous, down to its very structure. “You can't arrest an idea,” one Anon tweeted shortly before being arrested himself.
Chaos would not be a bad word to describe the role of Anonymous in the life of their favourite anthropologist, either.
“For anthropologists, when you go away to a region in the world, it is so shocking to come back,” says Coleman. With Anonymous, “it doesn't have the jarring before and after — it's a constant presence.”
If you appreciate PragerU videos, get ready for PragerU the Movie.
Radio host Dennis Prager and “podcaster-comedian” Adam Carolla are teaming up again to tour college campuses for a documentary titled No Safe Spaces, The Hollywood Reporter reports:
The movie will also explore the phenomenon whereby conservatives who are invited to speak at universities are routinely shouted down or, in some cases, disinvited due to liberal opposition, say the filmmakers. … The movie will have Prager and Carolla visiting college campuses across the nation this fall, where they'll talk to students and professors and visit their so-called safe spaces. Presuming the students allow for it, the pair will attempt to debate those who advocate for such policies. “Universities have become a laughingstock,” Prager said. “When prestigious institutions of rigorous academic instruction give out coloring books and Play-Doh to 20-year-old students in designated safe-space areas on campus, we are failing them.”
Adam Carolla to explore university "safe spaces" in upcoming documentary https://t.co/H6bwghHLEt pic.twitter.com/5xn1fDWdYA — Hollywood Reporter (@THR) November 30, 2016
Madison McQueen Films is making its first stab at a full-length feature and seeking a theatrical release. It's best known for “lighthearted commercials” for major brands, and has also made ads for conservative candidates including Sen. Ted Cruz, the Reporter says.
Read the story.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Although many of the ingredients mentioned by Channel 4 News are not illegal on their own, the report said there had been successful prosecutions in Britain against individuals who bought chemicals and components that can produce explosives.
Amazon said in a statement that all the products sold on its website “must adhere to our selling guidelines and we only sell products that comply with U.K. laws.”
“In light of recent events, we are reviewing our website to ensure that all these products are presented in an appropriate manner,” the statement continued. “We also continue to work closely with police and law enforcement agencies when circumstances arise where we can assist their investigations.”
The company declined to comment further.
The New York Times found that similar algorithms may be at work in the United States.
In one instance, a search for magnesium ribbon — a product that can be used to make a crude fuse — yielded a suggestion for two powders that explode when mixed together in the right proportions and then ignited. A second search yielded a suggestion for two out of three ingredients necessary to make gunpowder.
Are you one of those people who leapt in to back French magazine Charlie Hebdo earlier this year?
Did you hashtag ‘Je Suis Charlie'?
Blindly? Without really knowing what the publication actually represents?
If you did, you might be feeling a little, well, ripped off right now.
In their latest edition, the ‘great defenders of free speech' have featured a front page cartoon mocking Aylan Kurdi, the three-year-old Syrian boy whose body washed up on a Turkish beach recently, sparking international outrage at they treatment of refugees.
Under a strapline ‘Welcome to migrants', the main text reads, ‘So Close To Their Goal', and then depicts a McDonald's billboard in the background with the (inexplicable) line, ‘Two Menus Of Children For The Price Of One'.
Apart from the fact it's not funny, it also makes absolutely no sense. Maybe the ‘humour' is lost in the translation.
A second cartoon is entitled, “The Proof that Europe is Christian,” and depicts a drowned child next to Jesus, whose standing on the water. The caption reads, “Christians walk on waters… Muslim kids sink.”
Charlie Hebdo was at the centre of western outrage in January this year, when gunmen – upset at the magazine's constant mocking of the prophet Mohammed – burst into their headquarters in Paris and murdered 12 people, including editor Stéphane Charbonnier.
The attack saw an outpouring of support for the magazine in western nations around the world, and the next edition of Charlie Hebdo sold more than 1 million copies.
In stark contrast, a photo of the lifeless body of Aylan Kurdi – a young boy fleeing the civil war in Syria – also sparked an outpouring of international support, leading to extraordinary scenes in Europe of people both welcoming and rejecting Syrian refugees.
In Australia, it sparked a curious dialing down of the rhetoric used against refugees by both the Abbott Government and the Shorten opposition, with Australia announcing it would take 12,000 refugees from Syria before July next year.
At the same time, Australia announced it would widen its bombing campaign in Iraq to include Syria, and the government announced the 12,000 places would focus on the most ‘oppressed minorities' – a dog whistle to earlier calls to restrict the places to Christian, rather than Muslim, refugees.
Finding an effective treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder has been a top Pentagon priority for years. And with an estimated one in five veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan suffering from PTSD, the military's been willing to consider anything and everything, including yoga, dog therapy and acupuncture, to alleviate symptoms.
But a small new study out of Walter Reed Army Medical Center might offer more than temporary relief – with nothing more than a quick jab to the neck.
It's a procedure called stellate ganglion block (STB), and involves injecting local anesthetic into a bundle of nerves located in the neck. The bundle is a locus for the sympathetic nervous system, which regulates the body's "fight-or-flight" stress response.
Led by Lieutenant Colonel Sean Mulvaney, Pentagon scientists gave STB injections to two soldiers, one on active duty and another who'd been suffering from PTSD symptoms since serving in the Gulf War nearly two decades ago. Their study reports that both men "experienced immediate, significant and durable relief" after the 10-minute procedure, and no longer exhibit symptoms that would qualify them for a PTSD diagnosis.
Seven months later, both had successfully stopped using antidepressant and antipsychotic medications with the guidance of a psychiatrist.
While the research out of Walter Reed only tested two patients, a Chicago-based doctor named Eugene Lipov is already conducting their own double-blind trial on war-vet volunteers. One of their patients, 28-year-old John Sullivan, found little relief with prescription anti-anxiety meds. But the former Marine Corps Sergeant told ABC News that the STB injection completely eliminated their nightmares, flashbacks and ongoing anxiety.
"[It was] not painful and the results were within five minutes – I felt more relaxed and calmed down. It's been great."
Lipov has also conducted before-and-after brain scans on patients. Those suffering from PTSD usually exhibit characteristic "hot spots" that light up when a patient is exposed to violent imagery. After an STB treatment, the brains of PTSD patients no longer displayed the abnormal reactions.
But STB treatments, which have been used for decades to treat a handful of illnesses, including Raynaud's Syndrome, aren't without risks. Injuries to the nervous or vascular system are the most common, usually from a misplaced needle. Still, STB is likely to be met with more enthusiasm from the Pentagon than another potential PTSD treatment. MDMA, the key ingredient in ecstasy, was in the spotlight last week after successful results of a study on 21 veterans. But according to the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies, who sponsored the study, the Department of Veterans Affairs has thus far refused to collaborate on future research.
[Photo: Uniformed Services University]
See Also:
Bengals running back Jeremy Hill celebrates an 85-yard touchdown against the Denver Broncos. (Photo: The Enquirer/Jeff Swinger)
Lisa Hill dubs themselves a "hands-on mother." When their son, Jeremy, was drafted by the Bengals this May, they decided to move to Cincinnati in season to make sure the fast NFL world didn't lift their 22-year-old from theirs roots.
When they ended up purchasing a new car before being drafted, Lisa stepped in and made them return it. For a mother who worked long hours in their real estate business to put them through private school, there were being no buying cars before signing contracts.
When an incident at their high school got them and two others expelled their senior year and unknowing how to earn a degree necessary to keep their football scholarship to LSU, they turned their home into a home school. And they stand firm their lessons were harder than those in the old classrooms.
They knew from way back when Jeremy would carry seemingly the entire opposing team on their back into the end zone as a third-grade football player they would be somebody. Everybody in the neighborhood knew at that point.
"Even people that are not in the family could see," Lisa said. "They'd ask, 'Who is this kid?' We knew greatness was upon their life. We knew someone with a gift this great, the world has to see this."
They also knew, when that day came, they wanted the world to see the grounded, respectful son of a pastor rooted in a strong family foundation that they knew and loved. As with any parenting road, it featured speed bumps, potholes and detours.
That's why Lisa Hill toiled in their kitchen for 12 hours this Christmas. They spent the day cooking gumbo and jambalaya and every Cajun amenity imaginable to make Cincinnati, Ohio tastes like their hometown of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Couldn't do it any other way with the close family circle flying and driving in from Louisiana.
The company included Jeremy's dad Cornell Hill, sister Amber, brother Cornell II along with their fiancé Paris Hulbert and their six-month-old baby, Harley. They arrived earlier in the week to witness what turned into their breakout party on national television. The country caught up, learning the name of a player who became a household conversation piece inside the I-275 belt months ago.
"Jeremy was probably happier than I have seen them in a very, very long time," Lisa said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
This family all stayed together celebrating Christmas, knowing the real Jeremy Hill. They were the ones who have always known the truth. They weren't steered by media reports or scouts placing red flags beside a name. They knew Jeremy and believed in him.
"I spent a lot of time with them reflecting and really just thinking about how much of a blessed situation I'm in right now," Jeremy said. "Just being the starting running back here and being in the NFL, just everything I've always worked for my whole entire life."
And everything that nearly never came to fruition.
Hill was arrested for alleged sexual assault while in high school and later pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor for activities with a 14-year-old girl in a locker room, missing their first season at LSU while the judicial process played out. Two years later, in 2013, they were arrested and pleaded guilty to simple battery for punching another man outside a bar in an incident caught on video. They were suspended for a game before returning to the LSU football team.
They went on to set an SEC single-season record for most yards per carry (6.9) on a minimum of 200 attempts, and their 1,401 yards rank second all-time in school history.
As their draft stock came under evaluation, every raving report on their talent concluded with an asterisk.
"They wanted to kill them for it," Bengals offensive coordinator Hue Jackson said.
Jackson delved deeper. They held no-nonsense conversations with trusted confidants Cam Cameron, the Tigers offensive coordinator who worked with Jackson in Baltimore, as well as wide receivers coach Adam Henry, who was on Jackson's staff in Oakland.
They told them the reality, giving "rave reviews" of them off the field. Hill had made mistakes as many kids do, but they held themselves accountable and portrayed maturity that made everyone in the program believe there were zero concerns going forward.
By the time Hill wrote a letter to all 32 teams specifically outlining their arrests and accepting responsibility, it cemented the Bengals' notion.
"It was an easy sell to the organization," Jackson said. "He's unbelievable. He's an unbelievable young man. I love being around him. He's a ton of fun. Their teammates would tell you the same thing."
Since the moment their name was announced as the second running back selected and No. 55 overall this past season, he's validated the choice on and off the field in every aspect imaginable.
It's been a blossoming maturity Lisa Hill never doubted would emerge.
"As a teenager they did make some choices I am not proud of, but I still knew the son that I raised," they said, admitting most don't know the whole story behind their incidents. "I still knew what was instilled in him. Still knew the values instilled in him. I knew we raised them in church, I knew we taught them right from wrong. I knew at the end of the day Jeremy was a good person and a good kid, they may have just made some bad choices."
Now, their footwork, fire and flair have invigorated an offense almost certain to set a new record for rushing yards in a season under Marvin Lewis. He's in a battle of one-upmanship with close friend Odell Beckham Jr., for the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
He's brought on comparisons to beloved Bengals of the past: Corey Dillon, Rudi Johnson and Ickey Woods.
They join only 10 players in NFL history to run for 1,000 yards as a rookie while averaging five yards per carry. Others on that list include Eric Dickerson, Barry Sanders and Adrian Peterson.
More than any stats, the leaders of this team understand he's instilled a confidence and fun-loving spirit to this offense that's become a centerpiece of their playoff push. Whether the wide smile, jokes in the locker room or dances in the end zone, he's throwing the Bengals hopes on their back much as they did those third-grade tacklers.
"He loves playing football," said left tackle and LSU alum Andrew Whitworth, who lobbied for Hill all last season and leading up to the draft. "You can see their energy and their joy every time he's out there. It's kind of uplifting to the group. They really relish every opportunity they hand them the ball to do something special with it."
Hill still endures sleepless nights thinking about their fumbles and Jackson even exchanged stern words with them during the last game for celebrating over the top following another impressive run.
In so many ways, he's still maturing and learning to handle a success most NFL players aren't forced to deal with at their age. Heck, he's even got what their mother calls their "I'm in the NFL car" now. No need to take it back this time. He's here to stay.
Though, nothing is guaranteed. Even Lisa can admit they don't know what will come next for Hill. Nobody can predict, particularly in the professional athlete culture. But as the Hill family gathered around the gumbo this Christmas, they celebrate the remarkable rise and whole world learning what they've long known about their brother and son, Jeremy.
"The NFL is a fast world," Lisa said. "Who knows what tomorrow holds. I do know Jeremy is a good kid and I do know the adversity they were able to overcome helped mold and shape them into the fine young man they are today."
Board of Education commissioners said Monday they need to move quickly on a major overhaul of the failed student assignment system for San Francisco's public schools.
With classroom segregation increasing, the San Francisco Unified School District could roll out a new system as soon as the 2020-21 school year, according to Chief of Policy and Operations Orla O'Keeffe.
“This is complex work, it will require additional resources and dedicated time and effort to move at the pace that the community and the board want us to do so,” O'Keefe said Monday at the Ad Hoc Committee on Student Assignment.
The district just finished a year's worth of meetings reviewing the current student assignment system and its pitfalls since 2010.
Under the system, families can enter a lottery where children are assigned to schools based on a series of factors including whether they live in areas with low test scores or have siblings in attendance.
The system has been deemed a failure because it is difficult for parents to understand and schools have become more segregated. The district found last November that 14 of 58 elementary schools are segregated, with more than 60 percent comprised of students of one racial group.
Furthermore, few parents choose to enroll students at schools in the Bayview, leaving classrooms there under-enrolled.
“This is really important and it's probably the biggest policy issue that our community can engage with us on,” Commissioner Rachel Norton said at the meeting. “We know it's not working. Let's go. Let's figure out the next steps for making this policy work.”
Before rolling out an entire overhaul, district staff want the school board to consider transitioning to an online assignment system in 2018-19 and “turning off” a transfer mechanism in 2019-20.
The mechanism allows parents to swap school choices during different rounds of the lottery, but has only been used by a small percentage of students.
Commissioner Mark Sanchez said at the meeting that the current system is “broken and untenable.”
“It needs serious repairs and I know we are going to be doing some tweaks over the year, and I'm for that, but we need a massive rollout of something that our communities can have confidence in,” Sanchez said. “I'd like to see this for the '20-21 school year.”
Click here or scroll down to comment
BOSTON – Before they started into their question-and-answer media session Tuesday, Ducks coach Bruce Boudreau pointed out what looked obvious to the eye during another practice at Boston University's Agganis Arena.
“Got enough defensemen out there?” Boudreau asked aloud with a grin. “What are you going to do?”
What are the Ducks going to do? The certain return of Simon Despres to the lineup after a three-month absence and the impending return of Cam Fowler will force them to make decisions with a blue line that has adjusted and played well without the two.
For one, Despres is set to play their first game with the Ducks since having to leave an Oct. 16 contest against Colorado when Avalanche defenseman Tyson Barrie hit them in the head, resulting in a three-game suspension for Barrie and a lingering concussion for Despres.
Despres missed 42 games, but a four-game American Hockey League conditioning stint with the San Diego Gulls allowed them to “get the rust off my shoulders.”
“After I made that first pass, it was fine,” Despres said. “I had a lot of minutes so I got to play a lot of different situations. Handled the puck a lot, skated a lot. Played in situations where I was tired or worn down so there was a mental aspect to the game. I got better.”
While they had a goal, an assist and a minus-4 rating with the Gulls, the most important part of Despres's assignment was the defender emerging without any recurrence of symptoms that had lingered until right after Christmas.
“I got drilled a couple of times and my head was fine,” Despres said. “So that was a good test for it. I know I can get hit tomorrow and not be too worried about it.”
It will necessitate a shift in the defense pairings Tuesday against Boston. Despres skated in drills with Sami Vatanen, with Vatanen's recent partner Kevin Bieksa working with rookie Shea Theodore. Hampus Lindholm and Josh Manson remained together.
A bigger decision looms when Fowler comes back. But that won't come until after the All-Star break, as the Ducks' most consistent player throughout their first-half struggles will use the extra days to make sure their sprained left knee is completely sound.
“Sure, it'd be nice to get a game in,” Fowler said. “But you have to factor a lot of different things in. I don't want to put myself at any more risk. I don't want to put the team in a tough spot. Not that I would but with the break coming up, we can use that to our advantage to get no-doubts, 100-percent ready.
“We're going to need our team healthy because we've got a big playoff push coming up. I want to make sure I'm ready for that.”
The Ducks have survived and flourished. They're 8-3-1 in the time Fowler has been out, with Theodore coming up from the minors and feeling at home in the NHL, Lindholm having a greater impact, and Manson taking a leap forward in their second season.
“It's pretty impressive, especially with how young we are,” Fowler said. “A lot of those guys have really stepped up and played some key minutes for us. … Just the poise and a lot of the composure from a lot of the guys back there has been really impressive to me. Certainly one of the reasons why we've had some success lately.
“Proud of those guys and hopefully they can keep it going until we all get back and healthy. Then we'll sort it out from there.”
The addition of Fowler might result in the Ducks sending Theodore back down and also trying to also get Adam Clendening through waivers to the Gulls. Then there's veteran Clayton Stoner, who's on injured reserve because of a hip flexor injury.
Boudreau said injuries can allow other players to show what they can do. “But at the same token,” they said, “you certainly like the veteran presence and the memories of when Simon and Cam were paired together and how good they did.”
“It is a good problem to have,” Boudreau said. “It pushes the guys that are playing a little better all the time. Because they know you've got some pretty good (defensemen) waiting.”
ANDERSEN PUSHED BACK
Frederik Andersen was among those who called it a good decision for the NHL to postpone the Ducks' Friday night game at Washington, but the goalie might have had the most to lose with it not being played.
The Ducks were to play on back-to-back nights and that would have resulted in Andersen playing in one of those games, most likely Saturday in Detroit. But with no game, Boudreau went back with John Gibson, who made 24 saves in a 4-3 win.
“It happens,” Andersen said. “You still get to play the game at the end of the year. It has to be played. Still a lot of games left.”
There isn't a clear idea of when the game will be made up and Andersen simply said “it's out of our hands.” But Boudreau is taking the postponement into consideration, saying there's a good chance Andersen will start Tuesday against the Bruins.
“We've got two good goalies and we don't want one sitting for a month,” Boudreau said.
Contact the writer: estephens@ocregister.com
Children with learning difficulties are twice as likely to be sexually abused and yet some schools – or parents – feel too embarrassed or angry to educate them
It's quiet in Paul Bray's classroom; only the occasional exclamation from a student punctuates the aura of studiousness. At one table, a teaching assistant cradles the hand of a boy in an adapted chair comfortingly, while another offers gentle encouragement to other pupils.
Each of the two groups in the room has been given drawings of naked male and female bodies and asked to use the smaller pictures supplied to label different body parts. There are labels for knees, legs, and faces, but also for the penis, vagina, testicles and pubic hair.
Bray, the behaviour and PSHE (personal, social and health education) lead at Doubletrees special school near St Austell, in Cornwall – which caters for those with severe and complex learning difficulties – is determined that as many of the students as possible should have sex and relationships education (SRE). Under a new policy, each class is expected to get lessons every year. Two staff members have been trained to deliver workshops encouraging parental involvement, and a working group has been set up to monitor implementation.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Doubletrees school pupil in a sex education class. Photograph: Ben Mostyn/Guardian
But if PSHE – within which SRE sits – remains a Cinderella subject in mainstream schools thanks to its non-statutory status, provision for children with learning disabilities seems even further away from going to go the ball. Bray recently completed a master's dissertation at St Mark & St John University in Plymouth on the barriers to quality SRE for special education needs (SEN) pupils, and found from a survey of three schools, including their own, that almost half the teachers questioned hadn't provided any SRE (not even the small statutory bit – the biology of reproduction that's in national curriculum science). Two schools they approached didn't even want to take part.
Low confidence among teachers was a consistent finding, with only a small proportion having covered SRE as part of their initial training. The picture is no less patchy nationally, according to the Family Planning Association, which has long campaigned for those with learning disabilities to get better sex education.
Attitudes and a lack of resources are the problem, Bray concluded. Just putting the words sex and education together make people twitchy, they say; throwing in children and special needs triggers embarrassment and anxiety, even anger. “We've got a real blind spot when it comes to people with learning disabilities and their sexuality,” they say, sitting in the headteacher's office. “Our guys can't opt out of puberty.” Yet there's a widespread misconception – including among policymakers at national and local levels – that turning into a sexual being simply doesn't apply to them.
Some parents find their child's developing sexuality hard to accept, or are fearful about the effects of focusing on it. “I think this is true not just of parents but of some staff members as well,” Bray says. “It's almost, if you're going to start teaching our learners about growing up, puberty and sexuality, then it will encourage inappropriate behaviour. In fact all the evidence shows that it's completely the opposite.”
While most parents at Doubletrees have supported the school's work, some have exercised their right to take children out of the lessons. “We have had phone calls where parents have said, ‘This is disgusting, I don't know why you would want to teach our kids this',” Bray says.
Much of the work is aimed at keeping students safe, and at the end of the lesson the pupils use the labels to show where people should and shouldn't touch them without permission. Children with a learning disability are more than twice as likely to be sexually abused than others, says Mencap.
When Bray sent questionnaires to parents of 14- to 18-year-olds as part of their research, none said their child knew the correct names for private body parts, and three-quarters thought their child didn't have the skills to reject inappropriate attention – or understood their right to say no.
“Not knowing body part names leaves most of our guys unable to explain what's happened to them, if they've got concerns about bodily changes,” they say. “It's also a child protection issue. There have been examples of students with learning disabilities [who've been abused] being classed as unreliable witnesses because they can't name particular body parts.”
The onset of puberty can be terrifying if you haven't been warned what to expect or can't ask questions about what's happening. Bray tells a harrowing story of a male student who spent months ripping out the pubic hair they had begun to grow. Girls who've no idea what their periods are when they start can go through similar agonies.
Pupils are also taught when and where it's acceptable to touch themselves. Several UK studies have suggested those with learning disabilities are over-represented among young people accused of sexual abuse, with one in 1991 showing that 44% of those referred to a clinic for young people who sexually abused others had a learning disability, with half of those having attended a special school. About 2% of the population are thought to have learning disabilities.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Paul Bray teaches a sex education class at Doubletrees school. Photograph: Ben Mostyn/Guardian
“Masturbating is an issue for a lot of our guys,” Bray says. “We're trying to move the culture away from [saying] ‘no' to ‘not here'.” One student began masturbating in the passenger seat as they were driven by a female transport escort. “Thankfully the escort came in to speak to me and we dealt with things how we could here, and with the family,” Bray says. “If that had been on a bus, or anywhere else in public, then the consequences for that young man would have been considerably different.”
Harry Walker, policy and parliamentary manager at the Family Planning Association, says: “At the extreme end you get people banged up in a secure setting because they haven't been given appropriate education and therefore get involved with the law because they've been touching themselves inappropriately in an inappropriate setting – quite simply because no one's ever told them otherwise.”
Why is personal, social and health education not compulsory in schools? Read more
Making SRE statutory should force schools to take it more seriously, and improve teacher training, Walker believes. Bray hopes it will improve the availability of teaching resources, especially for those with profound and multiple disabilities. Their research, they say, showed that with confident teachers, parental support and resources, pupils made “huge gains” in knowledge around growing and changing, keeping safe and body parts.
In 2013 the department of health produced a framework for sexual health improvement that recognised the lack of SRE for young people with learning disabilities, and recommended more accessible information and support. Yet there seems to be no way of measuring whether that's being done, Walker says. “It's partly to do with localism,” they explain. “The department of health will set a national ambition and then will hand it entirely over to local authorities and say, ‘You know best, we're not going to tell you how to do your jobs'.”
“To put it frankly, the DH framework doesn't have teeth. It's a big suggestion document, so that's a real problem.”
The Family Planning Association wants the health department to rule that sexual health and development should be included in health plans for individuals with learning disabilities. “Politicians are happy to be seen to be taking action to prevent abuse of young people with learning disabilities,” Walker says. “What they won't want to talk about is sexual health and enjoying sexuality.”
Michelle Lobb, whose son Kieran is in the lesson I observe and is severely autistic, with a learning disability, epilepsy and a sensory processing disorder, thinks the work is brilliant. “For me it's vitally important because if anything were to happen to Kieran that wasn't so nice, they would need to be able to communicate that to me,” they say. “If they didn't know how to, I would have absolutely no idea.”
What do they say to those who think sexuality is not an issue for these young people? “They need to walk a very long mile in a pair of our shoes,” Lobb says. “Kids are kids; everybody's got these hormones in their body; everybody's going to have those same feelings.”
Marquise Jackson posted a photo of a coffin to their Facebook page on June 14 ago with the caption, "Don't wait til I'm here to act like you loved me."
Less than two months later, they are dead.
Jackson, 24, became the city's 22nd homicide victim of 2016 early Sunday when they were shot and killed in Alton Park at the beginning of a busy morning for Chattanooga police.
Officers were called to a reported shooting in the 2600 block of Water Street in the Villages at Alton Park neighborhood at 1:29 a.m. They found Jackson had been shot several times and tried to perform CPR on him.
They could not be saved.
Several hours later, police were investigating a triple shooting on Dodson Avenue that wounded three people and working to determine if the two incidents could be related.
"There's a possibility that it could be retaliation, but we're still following all leads to try and determine that information," CPD officer Victor Miller said late Sunday morning as they stood at the intersection of Dodson Avenue and Fairleigh Street, briefing media on the morning's events.
Neighborhood residents lingered outside their homes, looking on as officers wrapped up a preliminary investigation at the scene and searched for clues about a shooting that left three people, including a juvenile, with gunshot wounds.
Police were called to the 2600 block of Dodson Avenue at 9:57 a.m. The three shooting victims had been taken to the hospital in a personal vehicle, but officers noticed a vehicle believed to be related to the shooting in the area of the crime scene.
When officers approached, the driver drove away. Officers pursued and took a suspect into custody on Highway 58. Miller said it may have prevented another shooting. The person's name was not released Sunday.
Officers were also looking for a tan or gray Chevrolet Impala that may have fled from the scene with four black males inside, Miller said.
The names of the Dodson Avenue shooting victims were not released Sunday, but word of Jackson's death in the Alton Park homicide spread quickly through social media, as many offered their condolences on their Facebook page.
Jackson wrote on their own Facebook page that they worked at Amazon and studied at the Howard School and Chattanooga State.
Contact staff writer David Cobb at dcobb@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6249.
Second Suspect Arrested In Burglary That Saw Pet Turtle Killed
Baltimore County Police say the second man wanted in connection with a home invasion and multiple burglaries, including one that involved the killing of the victim's pet turtle, is in custody.
Someone called Baltimore Police after they saw Michael Kennard Jones walking in the 1300 block of North Milton Street Tuesday morning. Jones, who was wanted on a separate open warrant, was processed at Central Booking and transferred to county custody, county police say.
Another suspect, Calvin Fogg, was already in custody. He's charged with first-degree burglary, theft and aggravated cruelty to kill an animal.
Police say that sometime in the overnight hours of Jan. 20 to 21, while the victim was out, the pair entered a home in the unit block of Barnwell Court through an unsecured ground floor window. They took numerous electronics and accessories, two televisions, gift cards, checks and jewelry. Before leaving, one of the men took the turtle, Donatella, from their terrarium home and impaled them with a knife-sharpener.
245 SHARES Share Tweet Pinterest
Potential buyers of Tesla‘s luxury electric sedan that don't have enough money or are not willing to go for the more expensive version of the Model S are now able to purchase more affordable version – 2015 Tesla Model S 60. This is currently the cheapest model, and its price starts at $66,000.
New 2015 Tesla Model S 60 Battery Pack
So far, Model S has been labeled by the capacity of the drive batteries, which were 60 kWh. This model was discontinued in 2015, when the battery of 60 kWh was replaced by a larger unit, with a capacity of 70 kWh. However, Tesla Motors won't install smaller batteries in the latest model, but will use the more powerful package of 75 kWh, which is installed in the more expensive version of the Model S.
The difference is that the 2015 Tesla Model S 60 capacity of these batteries will be limited by software to 60 kWh. In this way, the lowest price of this electric car in the United States decreased from $70,000 to 66,000 dollars, which is a good thing for potential customers.
Travel Range, Performance
The 2015 Tesla Model S 60 can travel up to 340 km (~211 miles) on a single charge. If the owner later wishes to increase capacity, and therefore the autonomy of the movement, or to turn on the Autopilot options which is already installed in the car, the company will remove the software restriction for an extra charge of $9,000. The car will also receive OTA software updates for free in order to improve the driving experience and add new features and functions.
When it comes to performance, the manufacturer claims that the new Model S 60 can sprint from 0 to 60 mph (0-96 km/h) in just 5.5 seconds, and top speed is 130 miles per hour (~210 km/h).
Update: Tesla Adds Model S 75 to the Lineup
Over the weekend, the company added the 2015 Tesla Model S 75 to the lineup, making it the fourth variant of the popular electric car. This one is also able to accelerate to 60 mph in 5.5 seconds, but this time its top speed is 140 mph (~225 km/h). Its travel range is increased to 249 miles (400 km) per single charge. Starting price of the Model S 75 is $74,500 for the rear-wheel-drive model.
Both the 60 and the 75 variants can get the all-wheel-drive for the additional cost of $5,000, increasing the range of both models to 218 and 259 miles, respectively.
The Jets will make the playoffs this season as a Wild Card team, former RB Curtis Martin said during an appearance on SNY's Timeout With Taylor Rooks podcast.
Martin added that he's not surprised with how the 3-2 team Jets have performed.
"No, I'm not surprised," they said. "I was banking on them being better than what most people thought."
Martin has also been impressed with the Jets' effort.
"One of the things that I always pay attention to is the effort, because effort can win over talent," they said. "Like I always say, there were so many guys who were more talented than me at running back on the team every year, but they didn't have the heart, they didn't have the tenacity, they didn't have the whatever that I had, so they never took my position."
"I think that teams can form that way and just have that scrappy attitude. That's what I see in the Jets. I'm hoping that they can keep it up."
The 44-year-old Martin played for the Jets from 1998 to 2006, making the Pro Bowl three times. The fourth-leading rusher in NFL History, Martin was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2012.
Martin's appearance on SNY's Timeout With Taylor Rooks Podcast will be released in the coming days
by
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan lost their bid to become Turkey's supreme leader in last month's elections. So he's taken the country to war to increase their popularity and improve their chances of victory in snap elections in November.
Turkish bombers continued to pound Kurdish positions in Northern Iraq early Thursday after killing an estimated 100 Kurds a day earlier. Erdoğan broke off peace talks with the Kurdish militias and launched this latest assault after failing to win enough seats in Parliament to change the constitution. The ambitious Erdoğan needed 330 deputies to make sweeping changes to the constitution that would give the president unlimited executive power making Erdoğan de facto emperor of Turkey. Their plan was frustrated by the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP) that won an unprecedented 13 percent of the vote. The HDP is determined to prevent Erdoğan from realizing their dream of becoming Turkey's imperial sultan . The current war against the Kurds in Syria and Iraq is designed to whip up nationalist sentiment in order to put Erdoğan “over the top” in elections that could come as early as this Fall.
Here's more from Huffington Post:
“Last month, only after losing their party's parliamentary majority, President Erdoğan realized that there are dangerous terrorists in neighboring Syria who are a threat to Turkey's security … Rather than intending to fight ISIS terrorists or cooperate with the United States military operations in Syria and Iraq, Erdoğan's real purpose is to consolidate their own hold on power and accomplish the following self-serving objectives: 1) Turkey's President realizes that should their ruling party fail to form a coalition government by the end of August, they would be obliged to call a new round of parliamentary elections in November. Therefore, by taking bold actions against ISIS and Kurdish fighters, Erdoğan hopes that Turkish voters would give their party the few extra seats needed to regain a majority in Parliament. …The Turkish President's self-serving fake war against terrorism could have the tragic consequence of escalating the violence throughout Turkey and neighboring countries. If Ankara is truly interested in countering the Jihadists, it should have done that long ago, instead of arming and abetting ISIS and other terror groups.” (Erdoğan Is Pursuing Turkish Self-Interests, Under the Guise of Fighting ISIS, Harut Sassounian, Huffington Post)
Here's more from Columbia University's Institute for the Study of Human Rights, David L. Phillips:
“Erdoğan is angling for new elections.  They are trying to discredit the People's Democratic Party (HDP), a pro-Kurdish party which received 13.1% of the votes and will be seated in parliament for the first time. Erdoğan is furious with the HDP for its strong showing, which denied the AKP enough support to change the constitution and establish an executive imperial presidency. In retaliation, Erdoğan is threatening to lift the parliamentary immunity of HDP legislators. He's even intimated at closing the HDP for supporting the PKK.” (Turkey's Dark Future, David L. Phillips, Huffington Post)
Are we saying that Erdoğan has started a war with the Kurds with the sole intention of enhancing their own political power?
Yes, that's exactly what we're saying. This is a story about a power-hungry megalomaniac, not a struggle against Kurdish militias and certainly not a war against ISIS. In fact, Erdoğan has been ISIS greatest friend as this blurb from the UK Independent points out:
“There is no doubt that ability to move backwards and forwards across the 550-mile long Syrian-Turkish border has been crucial to the growth of the jihadi movements in Syria since 2011. The thousands of foreign volunteers who have flooded into Syria have almost all come from Turkey. Even those unable to speak Turkish or Arabic have had little difficulty in making their way across. In many respects, Turkey has provided a safe sanctuary for Isis and Jabhat al-Nusra, playing a similar role as Pakistan does in support of providing safe haven for the Taliban in Afghanistan.” “A Syrian rebel offensive led by Jabhat al-Nusra was allegedly masterminded from an operational headquarters inside Turkey and was the outcome of a closer understanding between Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.” (Suruc suicide attack: Bombing shows Turkey is being sucked into the violence in Syria, Patrick Cockburn, Independent)
And then there's this from the Front Page:
“Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's claim that “Turkey and AKP governments have never had any direct or indirect connection with any terrorist organization” flies in the face of last November's report from the U.N. Security Council's Analytical Support and Monitoring Team, which identifies Turkey as the primary route for weaponry smuggled to ISIL and the Al-Nusrah Front. The State Department's briefing at the beginning of June also stated Turkey is the main route for more than 22,000 fighters who have flocked to Syria to join extremist organizations, mainly ISIL. There are numerous other sources” (Turkey into the Abyss, Robert Ellis, Front Page)
Erdoğan has pulled out all the stops in their attempt to consolidate their power and become Turkey's supreme leader, which is why he's trying to have pro-Kurdish members of parliament (HDP) stripped of immunity and prosecuted as criminals under Turkey's stringent terrorism laws. (So far, more than 1,300 mostly Kurdish nationalist supporters and leftists have been swept up in a massive government dragnet since the bombing in Suruc two weeks ago. None of these people have yet been charged with a crime. The government has dropped all pretense that it is carrying out a war on ISIS. The roundup is clearly politically motivated.)
In an article that appeared in the Turkish daily, Hurriyet, statistician Emer Deliveli asks “Is Erdoğan warmongering for political power?” Here's what they say:
“After showing that “political stability indicators at an all-time low”, Deliveli says, “my analyses showed that, indeed, support for the AKP (Erdoğan's party) increased after episodes of rising political violence.”… “one cannot prove that President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is warmongering for political power … However, both conspiracy theories are in fact variants of the same theme- Erdoğan doing all it takes to become an all-powerful president. And when evidence piles up like this, one cannot help but think, “what if.” (Is Erdoğan warmongering for political power?, Hurriyet)
Erdoğan wouldn't be the first leader to start a war to boost their popularity at home, or the last. But it's a risky strategy all the same, especially since their erratic and self-serving policies have already alienated a broad cross-section of the electorate that used to comprise their base. Check out this blurb from Foreign Policy magazine:
“Erdoğan's weakness in perceiving and acting on the militant Islamist threat has not won them extra friends on the security-first right. Their autocratic Islamist style is losing them support on the left. And as for the Kurdish vote, well, they can just forget about it. History has also shown that seemingly invincible leaders can be forced to go gently — or not so gently — into that good night. The mighty Ottomans, after all, did not last forever. There's no reason why a neo-Ottoman would either.” (The Sultan of Swing's Dangerous Gamble, Leela Jacinto, Foreign Policy)
The biggest threat facing Erdoğan in the short-term is that the Turkish people will see what he's up to and cast their ballots accordingly in the November elections. But that will require restraint on the part of the Kurdish militias who will have to silence their guns to win the support of the people.
The only way the Kurds can beat a power-drunk, right-wing fanatic like Erdoğan, is by giving peace a chance. Until the votes are counted, that is.
For general information about CFI Institute programming,
please visit CFI Institute. ~••~ Beyond Reductionism:
Confronting Both Religious Fundamentalism
and Scientism to Be Better Freethinkers CFI–Los Angeles
November 4–5
4773 Hollywood Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90027
(323) 666-9797 All of us who value science and reason as indispensable remedies with which to challenge ignorance and largely emotional behavior around us take stable comfort in the power of scientific methodology to keep us safe from the biasing effects of human emotion. But in practice, can science itself fall prey to the same kinds of emotional pitfalls, fallacies, and even fanaticism we more often associate with religious literalists and fundamentalists? The word “scientism”—used to refer to any worldview that attempts to answer all human questions with science, often allegedly at the expense of other resources in the humanities—is considered an irritating but ultimately empty insult by many scientists. However, given the capacity of every human being to be swayed by emotions and appearances in contrast to hard evidence, would it not be prudent to hold our practice of science and reason to the same standards of scrutiny that we apply to religious truth claims and thinking? Is there not some value in working towards a common set of standards for meeting any of the foreseeable challenges and questions we may face as a species? In this workshop, academic philosopher of science Dr. David Koepsell, author and professor specializing in the philosophy of religion J.I. Abbot, and phenomenologist and poet Dr. Charles Stein will lead panel discussions and small group sessions on the range of topics in the emerging “religion and science” field that can be food for thought in facing such present and future human hurdles. A keynote lecture by Dr. Stein on the evening of Friday, November 4, 7pm on the history and philosophy of science will set the parameters and tone for the exchanges to follow all day Saturday, November 5, from 9am to 4pm. CFI Member (Planet Level and above) Registration:
Lecture & Workshop - $20
Lecture only - $5 General Registration:
Lecture & Workshop - $25
Lecture only - $10 Your Instructors: David Koepsell, JD, PhD, is Director of Education for the Center for Inquiry, and formerly served as Executive Director of the Council for Secular Humanism from 2003–2008. Since then, they have been an associate professor of philosophy at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, where they teach ethics and engineering as well as research ethics to masters and PhD students. They hold a law degree (1995) and PhD in Philosophy (1997) from the University at Buffalo, has authored and edited numerous books as well as popular and scholarly articles, and has spoken to audiences worldwide on issues relating to civil rights, secularism, science and technology, ethics, humanism, and ontology. They have provided commentary on these topics in a variety of media outlets including MSNBC, Fox News Channel, The Guardian, NPR, and the Associated Press, among others. Their complete CV can be found at davidkoepsell.com. Charles Stein is a poet and interdisciplinary thinker of considerable accomplishment. The author of over a dozen books of poetry, essays, and criticism, and a highly respected translator of ancient Greek classical texts, including Homeric epic and Parmenides, they have authored articles for Nature: Biotechnology, The Cambridge Handbook of Western Mysticism and Esotericism, and numerous other journals and larger works. Their work regularly lies along the intersections of the sciences and humanities. J.I. Abbot is Professor of English and Philosophy at Tunxis Community College in Farmington, CT. A poet, essayist, and translator with a focus on comparative Indo-Tibetan thought and the nexus of such systems to the philosophy of religion, philosophy of science, and aesthetics, Abbot publishes work in such forums as Philosophy and Breaking Bad (forthcoming, Palgrave/Macmillan), The Jerusalem Post, Parabola, Gnosis, Tricycle and elsewhere. An Argument of Dreams, a twenty-year collection of verse, will be published in 2017 by La Bohème / Peripheral Surveys (PS+). Explore our other educational opportunities at the CFI Education page
Questions? Email a CFI Institute representative .
Video game has some of the same characters as the Syfy series.
The new futuristic television series "Defiance" has used the St. Louis Arch as a landmark and scene-setter.
A 'Defiance' almanac
Population • 6,000
Demographics • 40 percent Votons (combined alien races); 60 percent human.
Government • Town council; elected mayor.
Law • Sheriffs, known as Lawkeepers. Rule No. 1: Surrender weapons when you enter town. (Trade in illegal firearms is brisk.)
Geology • A natural “shield wall” of rock and an alien energy barrier protect the town. Outside is an untamed region known as the Badlands where Spiritriders rampage.
Resources • A big gulanite mine produces valuable ore.
Watering hole • The NeedWant, a place to go for a drink, gambling or companionship for hire.
By Gail Pennington
Pro independence demonstrators in Barcelona | Gerard Julien/ AFP via Getty Images Opinion Catalonia is an opportunity, not a problem Politically negotiated independence will benefit everyone involved.
On September 27, Catalans voted in regional elections to choose their representatives in the parliament of Catalonia. The purpose of these elections was not merely to determine the composition of the legislative body; the elections were also undeniably plebiscitary in nature: The central theme of the entire campaign was to measure the level of popular support in our citizenry for the creation of an independent state for Catalonia.
As is well known, our first preference has always been to hold a referendum on this question, but the Spanish government has perpetually denied us this option. The plebiscitary nature of these elections was established by an unprecedented occurrence: The two main Catalan political parties ran together as a joint coalition, which also incorporated pro-independence figures from our civil society. The remaining political parties involved in the elections accepted this framework and the debate on when and how an independent Catalonia could be constructed began.
Even the Spanish government, which for weeks had fervently denied that the elections were a plebiscite, ended up accepting it as such, as demonstrated by the fear campaign it vigorously deployed to make all manner of threats as to what would happen should Catalans democratically choose to equip themselves with their own state. The Spanish government in Madrid also set out on a frantic search for international support in defense of the unity of Spain. This resulted in vague public statements by certain government leaders and almost vaudeville responses from others, such as the two different versions of a response from European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker to a question from a Spanish Partido Popular MEP.
The result of the elections confirmed the perception that a majority of Catalans desire for us to begin a democratic, peaceful, civil and negotiated process to achieve an independent state for Catalonia. With record participation of 77 percent, the two expressly pro-independence candidacies won almost 48 percent of the popular vote and 72 out of 135 seats, giving them an absolute majority in the parliament of Catalonia. Parties directly opposed to independence received 39 percent of the vote and 52 seats. The remaining votes, which make up more than 11 percent of all ballots cast, went to two parties that advocate Catalonia's right to self-determination, but which effectively abstained from weighing in on the question of independence as groups — so much so, in fact, that members of both parties have asked repeatedly that the votes they received be counted as neither in favor of independence nor against it.
I am convinced that Catalans will be able to bring the best of themselves to the challenge of making a better Europe.
Given these results, the victory of the pro-independence camp is unmistakable: The people of Catalonia have given a democratic mandate to their political representatives to begin this exciting process. Accordingly, the new Catalan parliament and the new executive government (made up from its members) will soon make a public declaration announcing the beginning of a political process that will culminate in full independence. This declaration will be sent to Spanish, European and other international institutions to make clear to all that the process has begun and to reaffirm our commitment to negotiation and to achieving a gradual and orderly transition that does not adversely affect any of the parties involved.
We do not seek to create any abrupt rupture or to break away in the immediate future. To the contrary, we have set a period of approximately 18 months during which we will enact a measured and progressive disconnection. We will not rush, but we cannot wait any longer for the Spanish government to do that which the governments of Canada and the United Kingdom have done with all normalcy: to give a voice — and a vote — to the Quebecers and the Scottish, and allow them to freely determine their own futures.
The state we envision for Catalonia will be no different from the rest of the European states of our size. In terms of its population, territory, GDP and language, Catalonia has similar proportions to those of many other countries of the European Union. We often mention Austria and Denmark as models and points of reference for an independent Catalonia. We aspire to be a reliable partner, both trustworthy and responsible, and wish to contribute to making a more robust, united, just, competitive and secure Europe.
Europeanism has always been an important identifying characteristic of the Catalan national movement: every member of the European Parliament whom Catalans voted into office during the last elections is in favor of a more united Europe with greater solidarity. Catalonia has a long and inclusive democratic tradition, and I am convinced that Catalans will be able to bring the best of themselves to the challenge of making a better Europe.
With this in mind, it makes no sense to look at what's happening in Catalonia as a problem. To the contrary, it should be perceived as an opportunity, and as an example of the strength of democracy in Europe.
The best way to move forward in this transitional period is with the utmost transparency and with the knowledge and support of European Union institutions. Continuing on this path without dialogue and negotiation is a scenario that will benefit nobody: neither Catalonia, nor Spain, nor the EU. But a positive, politically negotiated outcome will benefit all parties.
Europe has significant experience in resolving similar situations through good politics. Flexibility and the capability to adapt to the reality of a situation is a distinctive trait of the institutions in Brussels, and I am sure that this capacity will be demonstrated once again now.
Artur Mas is president of Catalonia's regional government.
This is a list of all known Humongous Entertainment games. It also includes the Backyard Sports titles released from 2004 to 2010 under the Humongous brand name and the games published by Humongous Entertainment under Tommo ownership after they purchased Humongous Entertainment from the Atari bankruptcy auction in 2013 (however, it does not contain games published under the Humongous Publishing label as these games do not use licenses that were developed by Humongous Entertainment. None of these titles will ever be compatible with ScummVM, as they are out of the scope of the project. They are just included here for the sake of completeness.
Note that Tommo did not acquire the rights to Moonbase Commander. The rights to that game were aquired by Rebellion, which now acts as publisher of the game. Tommo also didn't acquire the Backyard Sports series. Those rights were acquired by The Evergreen Group. Day 6 Sports released new Backyard Sports titles beginning in 2015, but these will not be included here as they do not carry the Humongous Entertainment label.
Junior Sports games
Game Name Release Year Platforms Engine Notes Backyard Baseball 1999 PC, Mac SCUMM Backyard Baseball 2002 GBA NON Scumm Developed by GameBrains Backyard Baseball 2003 GameCube NON Scumm Backyard Baseball 2001 2000 PC, Mac SCUMM Backyard Baseball 2003 2002 PC, Mac SCUMM Backyard Basketball aka Backyard Basketball 2002 2001 PC, Mac SCUMM Backyard Basketball aka Backyard NBA Basketball 2003 PS2 NON Scumm Developed by SolWorks Backyard Basketball 2004 2003 PC Yaga Backyard Football aka Backyard Football 2001 1999 PC, Mac SCUMM Backyard Football 2002 GBA NON Scumm 3D Developed by Torus Games Backyard Football 2002 GameCube NON Scumm 3D Developed by Left Field Productions Backyard Football 2002 2001 PC, Mac SCUMM 137 Bink Videos Backyard Football 2004 2003 PC Yaga Backyard Hockey 2002 PC Yaga Backyard Hockey 2003 GBA NON Scumm 3D Developed by Mistic Software Backyard Soccer 1998 PC, Mac SCUMM Backyard Soccer 2001 PS1 NON Scumm Developed by Runecraft Backyard Soccer MLS Edition aka Backyard Soccer 2001 2000 PC SCUMM Backyard Soccer 2004 2003 PC, Mac SCUMM
Big Thinkers games
Game Name Release Year Platforms Engine Notes Big Thinkers First Grade 1997 PC, Mac SCUMM Big Thinkers Kindergarten 1997 PC, Mac SCUMM
Blue's Clues games
Fatty Bear games
Game Name Release Year Platforms Engine Notes Fatty Bear's Birthday Surprise 1993 3DO, PC, Mac SCUMM Fatty Bear's Fun Pack 1994 3DO, PC, Mac SCUMM
Freddi Fish games
Let's Explore with Buzzy games
Pajama Sam games
Putt-Putt games
SPY Fox games
Other They games
Game Name Release Year Platforms Engine Notes Moonbase Commander 2002 PC SCUMM
Humongous games
The Liberal Party has handed Justin Trudeau a gift they dared not refuse, but will soon regret accepting. One of the “priority resolutions” approved by delegates at their biennial convention in Montreal this past weekend calls for a Liberal government to “work with provinces and territories to design and implement a Basic Annual Income” for all Canadians.
Justin Trudeau should follow their father's lead on the question of a basic annual income, writes Carol Goar. ( Ryan Remiorz / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The same gift was thrust into their father's hands 42 years ago. Sen. David Croll, author of a groundbreaking parliamentary report, entreated Pierre Elliott Trudeau to introduce a Guaranteed Annual Income. “Let this be our priority project; a project that will stir the world's imagination,” they urged Canada's 15th prime minister. “We need to search no further for a national purpose.” Trudeau's heart said yes. Their head said no. They chose reason over passion. “It's a good theory,” they acknowledged. “But we cannot guarantee to bring everyone over the poverty line by giving them part of the taxpayers' pocket.”
Article Continued Below
Their son now faces the same dilemma. Promising a basic annual income in the 2015 election would demonstrate that the Liberals are progressive, compassionate and willing to take risks. It would make them Canada's social policy leaders. But it would be extremely expensive. It would be divisive, pitting those who stood to lose benefits and services against those whose incomes would rise. And it would require an unprecedented degree of federal-provincial-municipal co-operation. These pitfalls explain why no political leader in the world has moved to a full guaranteed income system. The Liberal resolution, put forward by the Prince Edward Island delegation, didn't provide much practical guidance. It didn't define a basic annual income. It didn't specify which programs and services would be subsumed into the new entitlement. And it didn't talk about the cost. That leaves Trudeau and their campaign team to come up with a model that is affordable; helps more Canadians than it hurts; and ensures that those who rely on existing services — social housing, subsidized child care, prescription drugs — remain whole. Their task begins with three pivotal choices:
Where do they set the income floor? A Senate committee seeking solutions to urban poverty did some rudimentary calculations six years ago. It found that bringing everyone up to 70 per cent of Statistics Canada's low-income cut-off would cost roughly $20 billion. Using that as a yardstick — and taking inflation into account — it would cost about $32 billion to set the income floor at the poverty line.
What programs would be collapsed into the new benefit? The wider the net is cast, the lower the cost would be. Welfare and disability support and employment insurance are the obvious candidates. Beyond those three, tensions arise. Old age security is a possibility. But very few seniors live in poverty. The national child benefit could be included. But it, too, keeps thousands of low-income youngsters out of poverty. What about war veterans' allowances, the universal child care benefit, funding to aboriginal organizations, support for agencies that serve the poor, the mentally ill, the homeless and hungry, new immigrants and racial minorities? What about the all the tax breaks targeted at low-income Canadians? The longer the list grows, the more potential losers there are.
Article Continued Below
How much are they willing to spend? If they opt for a lean, administratively efficient benefit, they could keep the cost almost as low as the existing array of social programs and services. But that would merely redistribute poverty, not reduce it. If they decide to lift Canadians out of poverty without asking seniors, children, First Nations or charities to sacrifice, they'd have to impose a substantial tax increase, which Trudeau has ruled out. They could quietly drop or defer the resolution. It is not binding. But there is a better alternative. They could follow their father's example. Although Pierre Trudeau did disappoint proponents of a guaranteed annual income, they went on to triple family allowances and create the child tax credit. If their son can accomplish as much, socially progressive Liberals will have a proud record to uphold. Carol Goar's column appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Read more about:
Gazprom and its European partners signed a shareholders' agreement on the Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline project that will run beneath the Baltic Sea to Europe, bringing Europe closer to Moscow's energy orbit.
Russia provides for an estimated third of the EU's energy needs, but around half of the gas the EU imports from Gazprom is shipped via Ukraine, with which Russia is in conflict. Gazprom wants to find new ways to deliver gas to Europe, bypassing its neighbour.
The EU has prevented a project to bring more Russian gas to Southeastern Europe, namely the now defunct “South Stream”, but apparently nothing prevents Germany from helping Russia carry out its project to bypass Ukraine.
Gazprom, E.ON, BASF/Wintershall, OMV, ENGIE and Royal Dutch Shell formed the new consortium for the project, a spokesperson for the consortium said on Friday.
Nord Stream was inaugurated on 8 November 2011, in the presence of then-President Dimitry Medvedev, and Chancellor Angela Merkel.
>> Read: Russian, EU leaders inaugurate Nord Stream pipeline
Gazprom is fighting to defend its market share in Europe in the face of oversupplied gas markets, betting on rising long-term demand as Europe's indigenous gas sources are declining.
Led by Gazprom, which has put the cost of the plan at up to €9.9 billion and maybe less due to savings, the group is to build a third and fourth pipeline to transport up to 55 billion additional cubic meters of gas a year (bcm/y).
It would double the capacity of lines 1 and 2, which take the same route. The new pipelines are due to start transporting gas by the end of 2019.
RENO — The biggest alpine lake in North America is warming faster than ever thanks in large part to a changing global climate.
That's according to scientists who study Lake Tahoe to produce reports on everything from water temperature to clarity to invasive species.
The latest data in the State of the Lake report shows average water temperature in the lake increased nearly half a degree in one year. That's 15 times the long-term rate of warming. The average surface temperature reached 53.3 degrees Fahrenheit. The overall average water temperature is a little over 43 degrees.
Geoffrey Schladow of the University of California-Davis Tahoe Environmental Research Center said the changes at Lake Tahoe highlight the magnitude of human-caused global climate change.
“That is a huge amount of water,” Schladlow said of Lake Tahoe, which reaches more than 1,600 feet in depth. If the water were spread out over an area the size of California it would still be 15 inches deep, they said.
Sign up for the daily Speed Feed Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the Speed Feed Please try again later.
Submit
“It takes a lot of energy to raise that a half degree,” Schladow said.
Average annual clarity also decreased 4.8 feet to 73.1 feet, although it's still more clear than it was in 1997, when clarity was 64.1 feet.
The changing nature of Lake Tahoe is a reflection of the world around it. Air temperatures in the region are getting warmer and a shrinking percentage of precipitation is coming in the form of snow.
In the year covered by the most recent data, which ended Sept. 30, 2015, only 6.5% of precipitation came in the form of snow.
That means the inflows to the lake came in the form of rain, which is warmer and contributes to the warming conditions of the water.
RELATED | Plague detected at Lake Tahoe-area campground
Schladow noted the warming climate is most pronounced when looking at nighttime low temperatures.
The average low temperature at the lake in the most recent year covered by the study was 33 degrees. Although it was a decrease of .7 degrees from the previous year, it was still the fourth warmest on record and continues an overall warming trend.
Also, there were only 24 days with a daily average temperature below freezing. Since 1910 the average number of days with an average temperature below freezing has dropped from about 80 to fewer than 60.
Although the Lake Tahoe region enjoyed a slightly snowier-than-normal winter after the period covered in the latest data, Schladow doesn't expect the warming trend to change much.
That's because 2016 is on track to be the warmest year on record globally, they said.
"It is a lot warmer than it used to be so it is not going to change that much," they said.
Warming water can have major implications for Lake Tahoe, or any lake. Among them is reduced mixing of the water.
Mixing occurs when cold inflows sink to the bottom of the lake and push water from the depths toward the surface.
“Largely on account of climate change the lake is warming,” Schladow said. “The same factors that are affecting Tahoe are playing out in every lake and every reservoir not just in California but through the entire west.”
RELATED | Lake Mead drops to the lowest level in history
Austin Meyer, creator of the popular and ultra-realistic flight sim X-Plane is facing a potentially destructive lawsuit by an East Texas patent troll, Uniloc. Meyer, who has worked on the simulator since 1995, isn't dealing with a claim against their simulator or the game mechanics within. Instead, he's being sued for using a simple copy-protection system found in almost all Android programs.
You can read the whole story here, but last September Meyer received word that they were being sued for failing to license a patent for “code for verifying the license data stored on the licensing medium by communicating with a registration authority having verification data.” Writes Meyer:
Speaking for Laminar Research, we used only the technology that was provided to us by Google for copy protection in our Android App ‘X-Plane'… we used exactly the copy protection Google gave us! And, of course, this is what Google provides to everyone else that is making a game for Android!
Mojang received a similar complaint from Uniloc for using a central licensing server in Minecraft. Meyer claims that Google, for their part, will not assist in the lawsuit.
Thus far Meyer has created a petition on Whitehouse.gov and is working on fighting the suit. They said they will not settle.  They are also looking for donations to cover court costs.
The creator of the original patent, Ric Richardson, wrote regarding the Minecraft lawsuit:
And yet, the technology in question is a system that stops people from pirating their software and helps them make money. Well if you think it's so unfair, don't use the tech. Do something else. No one is forcing you to use the technology. It amazes me that people complain about paying a royalty for a technology that stops up to a third of a software companies sales from being lost to piracy. What are you saying? “Its all right to steal from Uniloc as long as it helps stop pirates stealing from me?”
Richardson claims to no longer be a principal at the company and is only a non-majority shareholder.
It's painfully obvious that anyone using even the most basic of certificate-based copy protection may deal with Uniloc in the future. Whatever you think about patent trolls and their manifold evils, it will be a hard road for Meyer and their fellow litigants in fighting down this claim.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Ten sites on the seabed off the north coast of Scotland have been leased out to power companies in an effort to generate wave and tidal energy. In the first project of its kind in the world, areas in the Pentland Firth and around Orkney have been leased to seven companies by the Crown Estate. The companies are to push forward plans to generate enough electricity to supply 750,000 homes by 2020. Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond said it was a "major milestone". They said the waters had been described as the "Saudi Arabia of marine power" due to their "rich natural resources". The Crown Estate, which owns the seabed around the UK, has awarded the leases after inviting bids from developers. Wave and tidal power represent an energy and jobs bonanza for Scotland
Dr Richard Dixon The aim is to generate 1.2 gigawatts (GW) of electricity from the sites off Orkney and the Caithness and Sutherland coasts. Six sites have been allocated for wave energy developments potentially generating 600 megawatts (MW) of power and four for tidal projects, also generating 600 MW. Wave schemes will be developed by SSE Renewables Developments off Costa Head and also jointly with Aquamarine Power off Brough Head, both on Orkney. ScottishPower Renewables have the lease for Marwick Head, Orkney. Leases for wave projects have also been awarded to E.ON for sites designated West Orkney South and West Orkney Middle South and to Pelamis Wave Power for the Armadale site in the Pentland Firth off Sutherland. THE WINNERS Aquamarine Power E.ON Marine Current Turbines OpenHydro Site Development Pelamis Wave Power ScottishPower Renewables SSE Renewables Developments
Wave and tidal developers profiled Tidal schemes will be developed by SSE Renewables Developments off Westray South and jointly with OpenHydro Site Developments off Cantick Head, both Orkney. Marine Current Turbines have been leased the Brough Ness site on Orkney and ScottishPower Renewables will install devices in the Pentland Firth off Ness of Duncansby in Caithness. The Crown Estate has been working with the Scottish Government, Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE), Orkney Islands Council and Highland Council on the project. The names of the successful bidders were announced at a ceremony in Edinburgh. THE SITES Six sites have been identified for wave devices and four for tidal Wave: Costa Head, Brough Head, Marwick Head, West Orkney South and West Orkney Middle South and Armadale in Sutherland Tidal: Westray South, Cantick Head and Brough Ness, Orkney, and Ness of Duncansby in Caithness First Minister Alex Salmond said it marked a "major milestone" in efforts to create a low carbon future. They said: "These waters have been described as the Saudi Arabia of marine power and the wave and tidal projects unveiled today - exceeding the initial 700MW target capacity - underline the rich natural resources of the waters off Scotland." Secretary of State for Scotland Jim Murphy said it was an exciting time for the renewables industry. They said: "Scotland is naturally placed to make the most of this green revolution and we will continue to work with others to ensure the potential of Scottish waters, alongside wind power, is fully met." Wildlife conservation organisation, WWF Scotland, said that with careful planning wave and tidal energy could be harnessed without harming the marine environment. Director Dr Richard Dixon said: "Wave and tidal power represent an energy and jobs bonanza for Scotland. "There is a massive amount of power in the seas around Scotland and we are currently the world leaders in developing the technologies to turn that potential into clean, green electricity."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Live Streaming Project
The UNT College of Music began live streaming ensemble performances in 2009 for parents, potential students, and distant colleagues while showing the world-renowned music programs at UNT.
Recordings are available to UNT students and faculty for educational use only. Some concerts are available on youtube.
About the UNT College of Music
The UNT College of Music is one of the world's largest and most respected comprehensive music schools. The college offers fully accredited degrees from the bachelor's to doctoral levels and are home to the world's first jazz studies program.
Faculty includes internationally-acclaimed artists and scholars in performance, composition, conducting, music theory, music history, ethnomusicology and music education.
The College of Music is one of the nation's largest and most respected comprehensive music schools. It offers fully accredited degrees from the bachelor to doctoral levels and is home to the world's first jazz studies degree program. Faculty include internationally acclaimed artists and scholars in composition, conducting, ethnomusicology, music education, music entrepreneurship, music history, music theory and performance. The college presents more than 1,100 concerts and recitals annually. UNT music alumni can be found around the globe in impressive, award-winning careers across a wide-range of music professions. music.unt.edu
Led by guards Kelechi Osemele and Marshal Yanda and featuring undrafted rookie James Hurst at left tackle, the Ravens' offensive line held its opponent without a sack for the third straight game and paved the way for another strong performance by the team's running backs.
The five-man line, which features only Yanda in the same role as they played last year, has become a strength for the team after spending 2013 as the offense's scapegoat.
"It's been really good," quarterback Joe Flacco said after Sunday's 38-10 win over the Carolina Panthers. "We get the ball out, and those guys have been holding up big time when we do the play action, when teams come after us, and when we're dealing with really good defensive lines.
"I think we've got a lot of good guys up front, and they're communicating very well and they're being very physical."
That physicality starts inside with Osemele at left guard, center Jeremy Zuttah, and Yanda at right guard. The Ravens had run for nearly 4.5 yards per carry between the guards in the first three games (34 carries for 151 yards), and again found success Sunday creating holes up the middle for shifty back Justin Forsett and the powerful rookie Lorenzo Taliaferro.
Osemele said the key has been Zuttah. Zuttah deflects credit to the guards.
"They're probably the best set of guards in the league right now," Zuttah said. "Marshal has been to a lot of Pro Bowls, and K.O. is probably the most talented dude, at least on the interior, but maybe all five [positions]."
On the outside, the Ravens got another strong performance from one tackle who entered the season as a question mark and another who had previously been an afterthought.
The Panthers came to Baltimore with eight sacks in three games. Panthers coach Ron Rivera called the pass rush non-existent "to a degree" after they hit Flacco just twice.
Flacco hasn't been sacked since the final offensive play of the Week 1 loss to Cincinnati, when they held the ball too long on fourth down and took a coverage sack. Ravens coach John Harbaugh and the linemen praised how quickly Flacco released the ball under pressure Sunday.
"We've got a little [no-sack] streak going here," Harbaugh said. "We'll keep that going, but not just the offensive line. [It's] the fact that our receivers and our quarterback, in the face of heavy pressure, especially on third down, got the ball out."
Hurst, playing in place of the injured Eugene Monroe, started for four years at North Carolina and could have been drafted as high as the second round had they not broken their leg in their final college game last December. They earned good reviews for their play against the Panthers.
"I didn't notice him, so that must be a good thing," Harbaugh said. "I can't wait to see it on tape, but it seemed like they played well."
Zuttah and Osemele had no apprehension with the rookie protecting Flacco's blindside.
"From camp — from spring even — he's shown that they belong in this league, and we kind of knew that," Zuttah said.
"He did great," Osemele said. "He's been preparing all year. They were ready, so I wasn't worried at all."
Hurst said the veterans helped calm them before the game, and they were proud to help continue their early season success.
"That was my goal — I didn't want to drop the ball," Hurst said. "I didn't want anything to change with how those guys have been playing."
On the right side of the line, Rick Wagner again proved to be a stout run blocker, especially in the red zone.
They and rookie tight end Crockett Gillmore sealed off a lane on Forsett's 11-yard touchdown run in the second quarter, the third time the Ravens have scored running behind Wagner this year.
"We did a good job across the board, I think, blocking as a group," Harbaugh said. "The unit has played exceptionally well. We have to keep building, but it's nice to have some depth in there."
jmeoli@baltsun.com
twitter.com/JonMeoli
License plate readers have been an increasingly useful device for law enforcement in the investigation of crimes ranging from auto theft to rape to murder. Perhaps as a consequence of that success, groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) have put LPRs in their crosshairs, pressing for legislation at the state, local, and federal level, which may soon endanger the future of LPRs.
In essence, these groups are linking citizens' privacy fears, driven by the Edward Snowden and National Security Agency (NSA) matter, with photographs of license plates that are required by law to be publicly displayed. As these groups gain momentum, industry experts have begun to educate the public that such arguments against LPRs are like comparing apples to oranges.
“We all need to fully understand the facts about LPRs and be able to discuss how it works. This technology is not used for dark and nefarious reasons and it does not infiltrate the private lives of everyday citizens,” said Brian Shockley, Vice President of Marketing of Vigilant Solutions.
LPR technology enables law enforcement to use high-speed cameras to take photos of license plates in public places and then log a time and a location — nothing more than what officers have done for decades before LPR even came into being. (AP Image)
Related article Setting up an automatic license plate recognition system Related feature How automatic license plate readers contributed to one town's drop in crime The ALPR deployment in Tiburon (Calif.) offers quite a few compelling pieces of information which can be of great benefit to other departments across the country.
What LPR Technology Is (and What It Isn't)
Shockley told PoliceOne that arguments against the use of LPRs are “perverting the truth and preying on citizen's government surveillance fears to drum up opposition to law enforcement's use of LPR technology.”
LPR technology enables law enforcement to use high-speed cameras to take photos of license plates in public places and then log a time and a location — nothing more than what officers have done for decades before LPR even came into being. These photos are then saved in a searchable database which can be accessed when police are investigating a crime.
American law enforcement professionals know that LPR technology is a useful crime-solving tool that benefits citizens without stomping on personal privacy. In fact, LPRs ought to be embraced by legislators and everyday citizens because of the highly advantageous cost-benefit ratio. The technology is relatively inexpensive, easy to maintain, and can provide very good leads for investigators in myriad types of cases.
Contrary to common misconception, LPR databases do not contain the names of registered owners or any other personal information. Leveraging the LPR database, law enforcement has no idea who owns the car or who was driving the car — they only have a photo of the license plate.
“It is our duty to change this misperception,” Shockley said. “A license plate can only be linked to a person by accessing a Department of Motor Vehicle database — which is only allowed under specific permissible purposes outlined by the federal Driver's Privacy Protection Act.”
Shockley pointed out that a violation of the DPPA is a federal crime — something many opponents of LPRs “ignore in their conversations with legislators and media.”
The ACLU and the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) have tried to minimize the benefits of LPR as hypothetical. The EFF's Jennifer Lynch discounted the notion that LPR could have shortened the investigation of the infamous Laci Peterson case as a one-off hypothetical example.'
LPR data — from minutes old to years old — has enabled police to solve thousands of crimes. There are many well-publicized examples — from the Kansas City Highway Shooter to the Times Square Bomber — but it is incumbent on agencies that successfully use this technology to further inform a suspicious public about the benefits of these devices.
Successful Police Use of LPRs
Meanwhile, several areas across the country — most recently in Maryland — have enacted LPR legislation that protects privacy and civil liberties while preserving the ability of law enforcement investigators to solve crimes, put felons in jail, and save lives.
As the LPR fight is played out in the halls of state capitals, we cannot forget that some concerns from the opposition are legitimate. It is up to law enforcement leaders to be flight attendants of this powerful information and abide by the laws that govern it.
“Law enforcement needs to help itself and be accountable,” Shockley said. “Law enforcement is under the microscope and the best it can do is to use LPR effectively, efficiently and legally to keep dangerous criminals off our streets. The actions of law enforcement ultimately will prove our case in the court of public opinion and illustrate the true benefits of LPR.”
Law enforcement agencies across the country need to implement strict policies and procedures. This includes agency policies that reference the DPPA and outline how the data can and cannot be used. Further, leadership needs to ensure that proper access controls are enabled and that there is a means to both log and audit every time a LPR record is accessed.
About Jamie's departure from Citizen Radio: Recently, some disturbing allegations have been brought to my attention entailing several women who have accused Jamie of being manipulative, emotionally abusive, and predatory in their behavior. There had been murmurs of this in the past, but understandably, the women wished to remain anonymous, so I was never able to learn the full scope of what happened until very recently (a couple days ago). I want to be careful with what I say here because I don't want to reveal anyone's identity until they're ready to speak publicly, but one of the victims was someone who worked for the show. Now that I have the full story, I am deeply upset and disturbed by what I've learned. This is why I asked Jamie to leave the show (he agreed) and why he's agreed to seek therapy. I also wanted them to publicly post about what he's done and apologize, but they declined to do that. I also wanted to be very clear in the episode title and description why they were leaving the show. They declined.
So I'm posting here instead.
Without making this about me, I want you all to know I'm furious, crushed, and horrified by all of this. I always believed Citizen Radio was a genuinely safe space, and I'm trying to make it that way again.
I'm so, so sorry for letting anyone down.
Part One of a Series
You can really help us stop the NYSVMS from killing this important Cat Protection Bill in NY by signing these official links and petitions.
Here is the link to the NYSVMS official opposition letter to the legislators of New York. 2nd PDF on the list
Please go to these two links and sign the official petition to let the legislators know you support this important bill. It takes about 60 seconds to sign up on the NY Senate site and 30 seconds to just sign the official petition site. Official NY Bill Petition
IF YOU ARE ON A SMARTPHONE AND CAN'T READ THE TEXT IN THE STORY, HERE IT IS.
The unenlightened vets of the New York State Veterinary Medical Society (NYSVMS) have declared war on innocent cats. NYSVMS Wants to be able to keep declawing cats
I found a memo that has officially started the battle over the bill in NY to ban declawing.
This is a David against Goliath fight, a good vs. evil war, and I am on the front lines as both an investigative reporter and a warrior. Won't you join me?
It's not going to be easy to get the NYS Cat Protection bill passed because we are up against the NYSVMS (the veterinary trade a$$ociation) -they will do everything they can to stop this bill from protecting poor little cat victims. Wait, what?
Vets are spending an obscene amount of money to maintain the right to harm cats!!??!! They are purposely deceiving legislators to try to make them believe that veterinarians should be able to keep amputating cats' toes by saying it is in the cats' best interest. Huh??!!!??
(On a side note, in 2013 they were able to stop the bill that would have prevented their friends at Hudson Valley Foie Gras Farm from shoving long metal pipes down the ducks' throats 2-3 times a day in the inhumane process of making the over-grown, diseased, fatty liver that some misguided people call foie gras and think is a delicacy. I am a cat, I lick my own butt to clean it, and that still makes me barf!
I want to ask that you PLEASE do NOT write threatening or hateful comments on their social media pages or threaten their practices. They will twist things around and focus on that as a reason why our side is crazy and they are the poor victims of wacko animal rights humaniacs.
I understand your anger and frustration but we must take the high road regardless.
This is how you win a war. The cats are the only victims.
In the NYSVMS January, 2016 newsletter, they write about cyber-bullying and how veterinarians are being unfairly targeted. (Poor them, they mutilate cats and then whine and snivel when they get a bad yelp review.)
You can write things like this: I am not sure if this vet was trained by Putin or at Gitmo, but either way, they do a lot of declawing to punish cats for scratching. Not sure if they water boards too. Probably. If you need your animal to confess to sleeping on the couch while you're at work, they probably have the techniques to get that out of them.
Dr. Voldemort, personal veterinarian to both Joseph Stalin and Idi Amin said, “What the heck, cats like being declawed. I know because I've done 1000s and every one of them enjoyed it. They all know it's the punishment for scratching in this country and they still keep scratching.”
And remember they make all sorts of excuses to be able to keep amputating kitties toes and claws. Well, here is a new story that's hot off the presses that will show you that they have no more valid excuses to keep doing this mutilating procedure…except GREED.
Here is a glimpse of how the President of the NYSVMS personally addresses declawing at their practice.  They are leading this veterinary organization to try to stop our Cat Protection Bill. NYSVMS President and Declawing The Daily Beast Story
*The Buzz: *Like the Jets, the Dolphins enter Week 9 on a two-game win streak. Under first-year head coach Adam Gase, Miami sits third in the AFC East with a 3-4 mark. The ‘Phins are coming off their bye week and will conclude a four-game homestand on Sunday.
<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Offense
</span>The Staples: Fifth-year QB Ryan Tannehill is making a transition under their third offensive coordinator, Clyde Christensen. After finishing No. 9 in the NFL in passing yards last season with 4,208, Tannehill is on pace for a sub-3,500-yard passing season, which what would be their lowest output since their rookie campaign. However, the Texas A&M product is heating up as of late, completing 67.5% of their passes and throwing for 456 yards during the two-game run.
Tannehill's top weapon is third-year WR Jarvis Landry, who No. 11 in the NFL in receiving yards (572) and tied for sixth in receptions (46). The LSU product has only registered one touchdown catch this season, but Landry is averaging 12.4 yards per catch and has hauled in 11 20-plus yard balls, ranking No. 5 in the league in that category.
Running Down a Dream: RB Jay Ajayi is chasing history against the Green & White's top ranked rush defense — he's looking to become the first player in NFL history to rush for at 200 yards in three straight games. Ajayi gained 204 yards and 214 yards in Week 6 and 7 victories over the Steelers and Bills respectively while averaging 26.5 carries and 7.9 yards an attempt. The second-year back leads the NFL's No. 7 ranked rushing attack.
Spending £500,000 – and considerable energy – on Nowhereisland to drag six tonnes of Arctic rock to the UK for the Olympics is wrong
It's not that often that you will find me squaring up in support behind the likes of the Daily Mail, the TaxPayers' Alliance and the more reactionary elements of the Conservative party. But on this particular issue, they have called it correct.
Just what was the Arts Council thinking when it agreed back in 2009 to hand over £500,000 to the artist Alex Hartley in order for them and 18 volunteers to create Nowhereisland?
The creative idea itself is actually rather captivating: find an Arctic island that has recently been exposed by melting ice and then break off some rocks to form a new "island nation" which can then be transported to the waters off the UK in time for the 2012 Olympics.
During its conception, Hartley billed it as a "travelling embassy" intended to highlight issues such as climate change and land ownership. Here's how their website explains it:
In 2004, artist Alex Hartley discovered an island in the High Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, whilst on the Cape Farewell expedition. The island revealed itself from within the melting ice of a retreating glacier and Alex was the first human to ever stand on it and with the help of the Norwegian Polar Institute, the island, named Nyskjaeret, is now officially recognised and included on all maps and charts subsequent to its discovery. In September 2011, Alex returns to the Arctic to retrieve the island territory. Once in international waters, Alex will declare Nowhereisland a new nation.
I "get" its artistic merit. It's just the cost and contradictions associated with the project that I have a problem with.
Nowhereisland is one of 12 "Artist Taking the Lead" projects commissioned for the Culture Olympiad next year. The Treasury provided £6m, with a further £950,000 coming from National Lottery coffers.
There's a hearty debate to be had about whether those sorts of sums are justified in these austere times. We are constantly being told that every penny of public money counts, so £7m is not to be sniffed at. We could all probably think of more urgent ways to spend that sort of money. Wouldn't a corporate sponsor be more applicable when it comes to funding this sort of large-scale arts project? If we are going to spend £500,000 of public money on regional art – Nowhereisland will represent the South-West during the Cultural Olympiad – wouldn't it be wiser to spread it across the dozens of arts projects in desperate need of funding, rather than hand it to one lucky recipient?
Phil Gibby, head of Arts Council England in the South West, has responded to critics, telling the BBC:
It is absolutely vital to invest in vibrant arts projects in Devon, but we could not have spent this money on them. It is a remarkable visual sculpture and we reckon more than a quarter of a million people will engage with it. So for everyone getting engaged with it, it is about £2 or less.
But my bigger gripe is that there appears to be a contradictory vein running through the rocks that now form Nowhereisland. For a project that claims to be driven by environmental concerns, where is the logic in digging up six tonnes of rock from a pristine environment and then towing it by barge hundreds of miles away for display?
And wasn't it entirely obvious to the Arts Council that the core message behind the project would be drowned out by the completely predictable outcry over its huge cost and environmentally unsympathetic construction? If the aim of the project was to raise awareness about the urgency of climate change then, sadly, it seems to have already failed.
Top Tips To Write A CV That Will Impress recruitment
Before we get into some of the ways in which your CV will stand out compared to others, remember that your CV is the first impression you are going to make with potential recruiters and we all know that first impressions count so let's make it a good one. For those of you who have been in employment especially in a professional capacity there is
absolutely no reason why you cannot write a CV that will impress.
There is no reason why it cannot be outstanding. Let's help you by looking at the tips to
write a CV that will impress and give you an edge in getting that job opportunity you are seeking.
Research
There are two ways in which you can make research work in your favor. Firstly, check current trends and see which CV formats are being used. Although it is important to include personal details along with your education, qualifications and personal interests remember that recruiters are primarily interested in how effectively you have used what you have.
Being able to demonstrate your achievements through the application of your skills set will impress more than just a list of degrees or qualifications and increase the chances of recruitment . Look for CV examples that can help you draft yours.
Spending time researching the company will also help you to write a CV that will impress by highlighting how your background experience and expertise can be applied to the current and future needs of the company. There is no doubt that structuring your CV around the needs of the recruiting organization will give you a competitive edge.
Be Truthful
Having said that please don't make it up because you think that will work in your favor. If you tell lies on your CV you have to continue the lies during interview and even beyond that. Sooner or later the lies will be discovered. This can be through any checks that are done by the company prior to offering you a position or by you failing to meet the demands of the position for which you got the recruitment.
Use All Of The Work Experience And Skills You Have
This is very important especially if you have recently graduated for example and you are yet to build up a credible professional portfolio. Following a number of years consulting on recruitment and selection I can tell you that recruiters and department managers are far more interested in what relevant skills you learned and how those skills can help them rather than a particular course you attended (unless it is highly specialized).
The best way you can do that is by…
Being Specific And Using Facts And Data
Please avoid writing bland generic statements like “great team player” or “decision maker”.
Remember, you want your CV to stand out for better chances of recruitment. If you want to write a CV that will impress, then you need to follow this golden rule.
Every time you are about to write down something you consider to be a strength such as “great team player”, ask yourself how can you demonstrate that attribute succinctly and concisely. You must be able to back up your statement by writing it as a specific fact and supporting it by example. It does not need to be in great detail because if you have impressed the recruiter, you will get every opportunity to expand on the examples during the interview.
Be More Than The Job
Yes it is the primary interest and concern of the recruiter that you have what it takes to succeed and meet the needs of the organization. However what can also impress is your other interests and achievements away from the workplace. This shows that you are capable of learning new skills or applying the skills you do have away from the workplace perhaps in helping others for example.
Demonstrating that you are a more rounded individual and not solely interested in work will help to impress those who will be making the decision for your recruitment.
Rahul Gandhi accused PM of crony capitalism after surge pricing applied to Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto
Highlights Surge pricing for popular trains begins tomorrow Rahul Gandhi, Arvind Kejriwal attack government over higher fares Price hike limited to 50% of base fare, says government
Rahul Gandhi, who is campaigning in Uttar Pradesh, today said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not been able to deliver faster trains but has been quick to introduce more expensive fares.The government has announced that starting tomorrow, tickets on three popular trains- the Rajdhani, Shatabdi and Duranto - will be determined by surge pricing.Though fares in the most expensive coaches will not change, surge pricing for sleeper classes will be capped at 1.5 times the base fare -a maximum hike of 50%.Critics point out that unlike taxi hire apps like Uber, the Railways has a complete monopoly, the surge pricing kicks in relatively early- when 10% of the tickets have been sold, and that even if demand is low, prices won't fall."The speed of trains might not increase, but PM Modi has increased the speed of surging fares. They take from the poor and gives to their industrialist friends," Mr Gandhi alleged on Twitter.The 46-year-old Congress Vice President has made accusing the PM of crony capitalism a political habit. They earlier coined the phrase "suit-boot ki sarkaar" to deride the government as one in thrall to industrialists. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, who journeyed from Delhi to Ludhiana today on a Shatabdi, has said, also on Twitter, that the government must withdraw the flexi-fares system that is being introduced ahead of the festival season.
Taraji Henson: "I'm really not political, but it's serious out here. And for those who think, 'Oh, they (Trump) is not gonna win,' think again. So we really need to pull together and turn this country around."
Williams' "impassioned speech" was not the only showboating political statement of the evening. With the words “Don't Trump America” written on their back, the "singer" who goes by the goofy moniker of " Usher " used their performance to trash Donald Trump . Actress Taraji Henson , star of the degenerate show “Empire,” while accepting their award for best actor clad in a bathing suit and what looked like saran wrap, also warned the audience about Trump. And finally, co-host of the awards, Tracee Ellis, closed with a vagina-voter plea for single women to vote for Hillary.
Half-Black, half-White and full retard actor Jesse Williams used the occasion of the widely-viewed BET Awards (Black Entertainment Television) to become the latest "oppressed" TM multi-millionaire to trash whitey for "racism" TM , "police brutality" TM , and "cultural appropriation" (TM pending) .
Tracee Ellis: "I heard one of the largest, most influential demographics are single women in this election. So basically, technically, what that means is that I will be determining the next president. Welcome to the White House, Hillary Clinton.”
It was not always like this at formerly Black-owned BET. From its founding in 1980 until 2001, the station was known more for its music videos, re-runs of Black sitcom shows, and later on, talk shows. Programs such as BET tonight, hosted by Tavis Smiley, may have had a liberal bent, but one would certainly not describe Black-owned BET as an activist instrument for Marxist anti-Whitism. So, what the bloody heck happened to BET?
In 2001, BET, founded by Black Entrepreneur Robert Johnson, was bought out by VIACOM. Later that same year, the BET Awards were established. Slowly but surely BET, just like MTV (which would also be acquired by VIACOM in 1985), became more and more overtly political. Of course, that political shift was of the hard-left variety.
And who owns VIACOM? Well, none other than one of those mega-billionaire "white guys" that scum like Jesse Williams like to boldly and "bravely" rail against: Sumner Redstone. Now o ld man Sumner may have an Anglo-Saxon-sounding name, but their birth name is Murray Rothstein (cough cough and surprise surprise ) and their hatred for White America is off-the-charts. Do you get the picture behind Williams' "show stealing" speech now?
Show us the shekels Jessie boy. Show us the shekels!
In the early part of the 20th Century, Jewish Globo-Mafia bosses like Jacob Schiff (Image 1) used Black communist frontmen such as W E DuBois (Image 2) to steer Blacks away from the positive conservative leadership of Booker T. Washington and onto the Marxist slave plantation.
Sumner Redstone of VIACOM fame (Image 3) is still playing this dirty game.
The forces of anti-Trump are well aware of "The Donald's" relative popularity among Democrat Blacks. If indeed Trump's support among "African-Americans" TM is, as some are claiming, as "high" as 20%, then Killary Clinton has got a real fight on their hands. For that reason, expect the cough-cough gang to aggressively continue their incitement of the Black vote with ever-escalating attacks carried out by their wholly-owned (and damn well-compensated) Uncle Toms and Auntie Tomettes of the entertainment industry.
But Trump is not without loyal Black celebrity friends of their own who can, to a point, cancel out the Jessie Williamses, the Ushers and the Beyonces of this sick world. Boxing legends Mike Tyson and Don King are in Trump's corner (pun intended), as are ex-football stars Herschel Walker and Tyrell Owens, ex-basketball stars Latrell Sprewell and Dennis Rodman, singer Azealia Banks and the "rapper" known as "Ice Cube" (rolling eyes).
If Trump is smart, and we believe that they are, they will enlist these folks to help neutralize the Al Jolson "blackface" tactics of the anti-Trump Globalists.
* Al Jolson was an old-time Jewish singer-actor who often performed with black-face paint on.
Owens, King, Banks and others have endorsed Trump. Will it be enough to substantially neutralize the influence of the Globalist Uncle Toms & Auntie Tomettes?
* For the benefit of our foreign readers, an "Uncle Tom" is a derogatory expression used to describe Blacks who served the slave-master's interests while betraying their own people.
*
Boobus Americanus 1: I read in the New York Times today that Trump was bashed at the BET Awards.
Boobus Americanus 2: I don't like Trump either, but I don't really think they have ever said anything to offend African-Americans.
"Don't you get it Boobuss?! Trump hass offended the frickin' one-worlderss who employ these BET ass-clownss! "
The church where George Washington worshipped is removing a plaque honouring the memory of America's first president in the latest example of the way historic monuments are influencing contemporary politics.
Officers at Christ Church, in Alexandria, Virginia, said it was removing the plaque for the slave-owning president along with one for a second parishioner, General Robert Lee, who rose to the head of the Confederate army during the Civil War.
“The Vestry has unanimously decided that the plaques create a distraction in our worship space and may create an obstacle to our identity as a welcoming church, and an impediment to our growth and to full community with our neighbours,” church officers said in a letter to the congregation following a month-long consultation period.
Washington was one of the congregation's founding members in 1773, paying for pew number five, while General Lee's daughter left the church $10,000 in their will.
The two plaques have hung on either side of the altar since 1870, soon after Lee's death, paid for by city residents.
Workers in New Orleans prepare to remove a statue of General Robert Lee in May Credit: AP More
But local authorities across the US have removed a string of Confederate statues and memorials from public places in recent years.
Critics say there is no place in modern America for symbols associated with racism and slavery.
The issue is highly charged. One person died in Charlottesville, Virginia, in August when counter-protesters clashed with white nationalists protesting against the removal of a General Lee Statue.
All are welcome. (Except George Washington.) pic.twitter.com/xy6cct4C8k — Matt Lewis (@mattklewis) October 28, 2017
The controversies prompted Donald Trump to ponder whether Washington would be targeted next.
In its letter, first reported by the Republican Standard website, church officers said that times had changed.
“We understand that both Washington and Lee lived in times much different than our own, and that each man, in addition to their public persona, was a complicated human being, and like all of us, a child of God,” they wrote.
The plaques are due to be relocated by next summer as the church decides how better to commemorate its famous worshippers.
