MTN Qhubeka riders looking for good showing in semi-Classic
After missing out on Scheldeprijs and the GP Pino Cerami due to a recent cold, Milan-Sanremo winner Gerald Ciolek has been confirmed as leading the MTN Qhubeka team in Wednesday's Brabantse Pijl.
The German is best known as a sprinter but is also strong on lumpy courses, and will hope for a good performance in the semi-Classic event.
They will be backed by seven other riders including recent GP Pino Cerami eighth-placed finisher Andreas Stauff and former Giro d'Italia stage winner Ignatas Konovalovas.
Also in the lineup are Bradley Potgieter, Kristian Sbaragli, Martin Reimer, Martin Wesemann and the Algerian Youcef Reguigui.
“I am really happy that we will have eight riders at the start again after having a heavy virus last week which put three riders out,” said the directeur sportif, Jens Zmeke.
“Brabantse Pijl is the opening of the Ardennes races and it will be our first ever Ardennes Classic. We are proud to be part of it and will show that we can be part of the action. We will go to the race with Gerald as captain on Wednesday.”
MTN Qhubeka is the first pro continental team from Africa and caused a stir when it beat bigger WorldTour squads to win Milan-Sanremo.
It has a long term goal of riding the Tour de France and of becoming a UCI WorldTour team.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The world's tallest building has been opened with a dramatic fireworks ceremony in the Gulf emirate of Dubai. The Burj Khalifa was revealed to be 828m (2,716ft) high, far taller than the previous record holder, Taipei 101. Known as the Burj Dubai during construction, the tower has been renamed after the leader of Dubai's oil-rich neighbour, Abu Dhabi. Last month, Abu Dhabi gave Dubai a handout of $10bn (£6.13bn) to help it pay off its debts. Construction of the Burj Dubai began in 2004, at the height of an economic boom. Clad in 28,000 glass panels, the tower has 160 floors and more than 500,000 sq m of space for offices and flats. This great project deserves to carry the name of a great man
Sheikh Mohammed The tower also lays claim to the highest occupied floor, the tallest service lift, and the world's highest observation deck - on the 124th floor. The world's highest mosque and swimming pool will meanwhile be located on the 158th and 76th floors. Technical challenges The opening ceremony, held 1,325 days after excavation work started, was attended by some 6,000 guests. Though not complete on the inside, it was officially opened by Dubai's ruler, Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum. The Burj Dubai dwarfs its neighbouring buildings In a surprise move they renamed it Burj Khalifa - after the president of the United Arab Emirates and emir of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahayan. Sheikh Mohammed described the tower as "the tallest building ever created by the hand of man". "This great project deserves to carry the name of a great man. Today I inaugurate Burj Khalifa," they said. Sheikh Mohammed also unveiled a plaque inside the tower bearing the new name. A dramatic fireworks and lights show took place around the tower while a screen displayed its exact height, which had previously been kept secret. At 828m, Burj Khalifa dwarfs the 508m Taipei 101 and the 629m KVLY-TV mast in the US, the tallest human-made structure. Its spire can be seen 95km (60 miles) away. "We weren't sure how high we could go," said Bill Baker of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the building's structural engineer. "It was kind of an exploration... a learning experience."
Mohamed Ali Alabbar, chairperson of Emaar Properties, the developer behind Burj Khalifa, told the BBC that the building's design had posed unprecedented technical and logistical challenges, not just because of its height, but also because Dubai was susceptible to high winds and was close to a geological fault line. "We have been hit with lightning twice, there was a big earthquake last year that came across from Iran, and we have had all types of wind which has hit us when we were building. The results have been good and I salute the designers and professionals who helped build it," they said. BURJ KHALIFA IN NUMBERS 95: distance in km at which its spire can be seen 504: rise in metres of its main service lift 57: number of lifts 49: number of office floors 1,044: number of residential apartments 900: length in feet of the fountain at the foot of the tower, the world's tallest performing fountain 28,261: number of glass cladding panels on the exterior of the tower In pictures: Building the Burj Khalifa Tower: facts and figures
The design incorporates ideas from traditional Islamic architecture, while the open petals of a desert flower were the inspiration for the tower's base. Burj Khalifa will be home to 1,044 luxury apartments, 49 floors of offices and eventually a 160-room Armani-branded hotel. Around 12,000 people are expected to live and work in the tower, which is part of a 500-acre development. However, investors are facing losses even before the tower is completed because property prices in Dubai have slumped amid the global economic crisis. Some apartments were selling for $2,700 per sq ft, but are now going for less than half that. Analysts say it will be particularly hard to lease office space because few companies can justify paying premiums for luxury. The BBC's Malcolm Borthwick in Dubai says developers are holding back on new flagship projects, so Burj Khalifa could mark the end of an era for skyscrapers in the Gulf - at least in the short term.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A communist revolutionary who led a Maoist commune in Brixton in the 1970s imprisoned and beat their daughter, and raped and assaulted two other women in a secret cult that existed for 34 years, a court has heard.
Aravindan Balakrishnan told their daughter to worship them “as God” and threatened that “everybody who leaves dies”, Southwark crown court heard.
Comrade Bala, as they were known, who set up the Workers' Institute of Marxism–Leninism–Mao Zedong Thought, is accused of falsely imprisoning their daughter for 14 years until they escaped aged 30 in 2013.
A jury heard that they mentally and physically abused them while claiming they were cleansing them of fascist influences.
Balakrishnan is also accused of the rape, sexual assault and assault of two female followers at a series of communes in Brixton, Tooting Bec and Clapham. They insisted that only they and the Chinese dictator Mao Zedong, who died in 1976, had the authority to “lead the world to revolution to establish an international dictatorship of the proletariat”.
Balakrishnan, now 75 with thinning grey hair and thick glasses, sat impassively in the dock as they heard that they faced a total of 16 charges, all of which they deny.
They were arrested in November 2013 when their daughter left the commune, alongside two other longstanding commune members.
They had been “bullied, beaten and separated from the world”, said Rosina Cottage QC, for the prosecution. “She never went to school, played with a friend, saw a doctor or a dentist. They barely left the house. They were hidden from the outside world.”
The jury of four women and eight men heard how Balakrishnan's ethos inside the secretive commune combined communism, the supernatural and routine violence.
When the massacre of pro-democracy protesters happened at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, they told the commune they “wished it had been 3,000,000” killed. They would curse those who paid tribute on TV to people who died in events such as the 7/7 London bombings, Cottage said. They would rail against “ugly dirty whites” who they considered fascist agents.
They beat their daughter from the age of four, which they said they were obliged to do, the court heard, otherwise “Jackie”, an invisible force with magical powers and a mind control machine, would kill or torture them Jackie stood for Jehovah, Allah, Christ, Krishna and Immortal Easwaran and would cause earthquakes, fires and tornadoes if anyone went against Balakrishnan, they are alleged to have claimed.
When the girl vomited, aged four, Cottage said they kicked them in the head and threw them out. They thought they would be killed as that is what they always said would happen if they ever left the house, Cottage said.
Aged five, when their daughter said they liked the sound of the word Israel better than Palestine, Balakrishnan “slapped their face and dragged them across the floor for being reactionary”. They would also order others in the commune to beat them if they tried to cuddle them, the court heard.
For the whole time they were together, Balakrishnan denied they were their parent, claiming instead that their father died “during [the] peoples' war” and that their mother, who was in fact their main carer in the collective, died in childbirth. The result was they had a feeling of “being a non-person that they carried through their life until they left the collective”, said Cottage.
Balakrishnan's alleged crimes began after a period in which they had been “a charismatic man and a vivid and energetic speaker”, drawing about 100 followers with their plan to overthrow the fascist state, as they saw Britain in the 1970s, the jury heard.
As their influence waned, the collective was reduced to them and just six women. The commune doors were locked “to keep out the fascist agents”.
Two other women in the commune, whom Balakrishnan is alleged to have raped, assaulted and sexually assaulted, “were cowed into submission” and “stayed in the collective too frightened to leave and hating to stay”, the jury heard. Cottage said: “He seemed to exult in their power over them.”
Their sexual advances on the alleged victims began after their wife fell ill, it was alleged. They started wearing aftershave and took to rubbing their unshaven chin on the women's faces, kissing them and leaving a red mark. They had started “making allusions to animal sexual activity from an article in a Beijing review, bulls covering each other or something such as that”, Cottage told the court.
They allegedly beat the women and told them they could kill them using a single pressure point. Such was their control that one alleged victim was terrified when they bought a pair of Levi's jeans, because they feared Americans might be controlling their mind, the jury heard.
“From being a collective agitating for the rights of the proletariat, the group had become the cult of Aravindan Balakrishnan,” Cottage said.
They progressed to “full sexual degradation” with some, the court heard. They forced one alleged victim to give them oral sex and other sexual acts and later raped them They were sexually active with three women and said they were “cleansing” them.
One woman, a nurse, came from Malaysia and joined the collective in about 1977 and was beaten by Balakrishnan and became too scared to leave, Cottage said.
“The defendant would come storming into the room and just swipe them across the face or give them a whack with no warning at all,” they told the jury.
When they tried to resist their sexual advances one day “he punched them in the stomach with their right hand and they were pushed against the wall where they doubled over”, Cottage said. It is alleged they forced them to give them oral sex and told them to swallow their semen and “drink the elixir of life”.
When one victim said during a huge row that they wanted to leave the group, they hit Balakrishnan. But they were then held down by four other women while they punched them with both hands saying the fascists had got inside them and they were beating it out of her, the jury was told.
Cottage said Balakrishnan's daughter was born to another collective member, Sian Davies. In 1982 when they became pregnant, Balakrishnan accused them of “allowing the bourgeoisie to attack her” and insisted the baby was “the result of electronic warfare”, the court heard.
The child never knew Davies was their mother and in 1997 Davies died.
The previous Christmas, when the girl was 13, they became distressed and started cutting herself. One night they heard shouting and saw their mother lying bound and gagged on the sitting room floor, Cottage said.
No help was called despite Davies being in “extreme mental distress”, the court heard, and the next day the child found them lying on the concrete below the bathroom window in a pool of blood, telling Balakrishnan: “Kill me.”
They were admitted to hospital and died the following August.
The trial continues.
More options: Share, Mark as favorite
Reuters
Liberal and conservative economists disagree sharply over the extent to which a lower marginal tax rate motivates talented workers to take the risks and suffer the consequences necessary to earn more money. The strongly held belief that higher tax rates do not create significant disincentive for risk-taking is central to the liberal argument. Imagine the shock, then, when two pillars of liberal economics—Paul Krugman and Paris School of Economics professor Thomas Piketty—conceded that a lower U.S. marginal tax rates had a profound effect on the economy precisely through its motivational effects on the most productive workers.
In their review of Piketty's new book, “Capital in the 21st Century,” Krugman admits that they are “more or less persuaded by Piketty's explanation of the surge in wage inequality,” which Krugman summarizes as the following:
“Piketty argues high-level executives set their own pay, constrained by social norms. They attribute skyrocketing pay at the top to an erosion of these norms. Falling tax rates for the rich have in effect emboldened the earnings elite. When a top manager could expect to keep only a small fraction of the income…he might have decided that the opprobrium wasn't worth it. Cut their marginal tax rate drastically, and they may behave differently.”
Piketty (as described by Krugman) advances the premise that a lower marginal tax rate motivates talented workers to risk their reputations and stature to earn more money. They seem to suggest that we need high tax rates to rein in workers who would otherwise be “emboldened” to earn more.
The only difference between their hypothesis and the conservative hypothesis is the restriction Krugman and Piketty place on the risks people are motivated to take. Conservatives see money motivating highly talented workers to take the entrepreneurial risks necessary to earn more money. Krugman and Piketty only see it motivating undesirable behavior-public-company CEOs, for example, damaging their standing in the community to make more money by manipulating cronies on their corporate board of directors to pay them at the expense of shareholders.
The facts make their restriction all the more dubious. The vast majority of people in the top 1 percent or even the 0.1 percent are not public-company CEOs with an opportunity to steal from their shareholders. They are entrepreneurs and service providers who earned more by convincing customers to pay them more despite competitive alternatives. And they competed with those alternatives for the same pool of talented employees. They did not “set their [own] pay”; they competed to earn it. Nevertheless, the earnings of this group of people rose, at precisely the same time public-company CEO earnings rose. In fact, the pay of the 0.1 percent has risen faster than the pay of public-company CEOs since the late 1990s. Nor has the pay for public-company CEOs risen relative to the pay for CEOs at private companies, where owners, and not alleged cronies, control compensation.
Were rising “crony capitalism” a significant driver of the outsized success of the 1 percent, growth would have slowed relative to economies with more equally distributed incomes. Misallocating resources, after all, slows growth. Yet, U.S. innovation, employment, and economic growth accelerated relative to the high-wage economies of Europe and Japan with more equally distributed incomes—the exact opposite of what the Piketty/Krugman hypothesis would predict. Without the skewed benefit of U.S. innovation, Europe and Japan's growth would have been even slower. The facts strongly indicate that the rising opportunity costs, rather than cronyism, have driven up the compensation of the most talented and properly trained workers.
No surprise, even Krugman concedes, Piketty's “diagnosis…clearly lacks…rigor.”
In truth, Krugman and Piketty ascribe motivational effects to marginal tax rates that go far beyond the level most serious conservative economists ascribe to them. In the Piketty/Krugman view, the motivational effects from a lower marginal tax rate alone accounted for the large increases in the pretax earnings of the one percent.
Most mainstream economists see other powerful factors at work. They recognize that information technology and globalization created entrepreneurial opportunities that exceeded the supply of properly trained talent needed to capitalize on these opportunities. As a result, pay for those workers rose independent of the marginal tax rate.
The rapid growth of companies and communities, like Google, Microsoft, and Silicon Valley, provided valuable on-the-job training and networks of expertise that greatly increased America's chances to innovate successfully relative to Europe and Japan.
Minimal needs for startup capital gave individuals and not just large corporations access to IT-related entrepreneurial opportunities.
Like any game of chance, higher payoffs for success motivated increased risk-taking, especially among talented workers. With higher payoffs, Americans produced more innovation than their counterparts in Europe and Japan. A lower marginal tax rate only increased payoffs further.
America's success drove up the opportunity cost and pay of highly talented workers throughout the economy. The lack of competition from Europe and Japan's talented elite drove up top American pay even further.
In an increasingly innovation-driven economy, the difficulty investors face with regard to established companies is motivating CEOs to take the risks necessary to innovate. Over and over again, we see companies like Kodak, Dell, Yahoo, and Microsoft reluctant to take the risks needed to innovate and grow until seriously threatened by competitors. CEOs often avoid confronting strategic risks where the possibility of failure jeopardizes their career. They prefer the status quo, even if it is detrimental in the long run, because they generally care far more about preserving their stature than they do about earning more money. Motivating CEOs to take risks that jeopardize their careers is expensive. In Piketty and Krugman's version of the economy, the most talented workers eagerly sell their stature for money. Were that the case, CEOs would earn a lot less!
Edward Conard, a former Managing Director at Bain Capital, is a Visiting Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute (AEI).  They are also the author of Unintended Consequences: Why Everything You've Been Told About The Economy Is Wrong.
Andries Jonker says Hector Bellerin's “commitment to Arsenal's academy” has made them the player they are today.
The defender was named in Spain's 23-man squad for this summer's European Championship after impressing on their senior debut against Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Bellerin has been at Arsenal since they were 16 and Jonker revealed that, despite their meteoric rise in the past two seasons, the 21-year-old has remained grounded.
"It's good for me to know and it's one of the reasons I joined this club, but for these players it's a huge possibility to have this opportunity" Andries Jonker
“When we play in Europe and share a plane with the first team after winning our game, Hector's one of the ones who come to the back of the plane to congratulate the academy players on their victory,” Jonker told Arsenal Player.
“There you can see their commitment to the academy. They have not forgotten where they come from and that is a different story. Foreign players can only come in after their 16th birthday, and Hector has been here since they were 16.
“That's why I feel very comfortable at this club and why my position is much easier than any other academy manager's. We have a manager who has been with the first team for a long time and I just explained that, while you're at Colney, you're a potential candidate to train with the first team.
“Every single day, four or five players from the academy practise with the first team. Everybody who is performing better than a first-team player gets a chance. It's good for me to know and it's one of the reasons I joined this club, but for these players it's a huge possibility to have this opportunity. They know that at Arsenal they will get a chance in the first team.”
CALGARY — The word "connected" was in heavy rotation during the introduction of Glen Gulutzan as the Calgary Flames head coach.
Gulutzan and Brad Treliving, the general manager who hired him, employed the term several times during Friday's news conference at Scotiabank Saddledome.
Gulutzan's task is to re-connect the Flames to the spirited, confident 2014-15 edition of themselves, when Calgary was a surprise second-round playoff team.
"When I say connected, we want to be connected in fives in all three zones," Gulutzan told assembled media. "We want to defend fast, we are going to defend fast, we're going to utilize the assets we have here.
"For me, it's a team that's on the cusp. It's a team that's exciting."
The 44-year-old from Hudson Bay, Sask., replaces Bob Hartley, who was fired May 3 less than a year after they won the NHL award for coach of the year.
The Flames backslid 20 points in 2015-16 despite the scoring talents of Johnny Gaudreau and Sean Monahan and blue-line strength of captain Mark Giordano, T.J. Brodie and Doug Hamilton.
Gulutzan is Treliving's first head-coaching hire, as Hartley pre-dated Treliving's arrival as Calgary GM. Gulutzan spent the last three seasons as an assistant with the Vancouver Canucks following two seasons as a head coach with the Dallas Stars.
Gulutzan's success cultivating players in the minors, as well as a young Jamie Benn in Dallas, was a check mark for Treliving.
"The biggest asset that I see with Glen . . . their ability to connect to players," Treliving said. "He's a communicator. In today's game, they answer the questions of why and how. Those are important questions in today's game.
"I think they can connect with all types of players. It came loud and clear in the research we did, the word that kept coming up is 'trust.'"
Gulutzan (pronounced GULL-it-sen) believes the coach-player relationship is the foundation of a winning team.
"When you build trust and you build relationships, you get something that's long-lasting and you create an emotional bank account with players," they explained.
"When you need to make a withdrawal from that account, and you've got a good bank account, you can withdraw from that account.
"Whatever it is you're going to do with those players, if you have a good base, if you have trust, you can push them a long way and they will play better."
Gulutzan was just 39 when they were fast-tracked from coach of the AHL's Texas Stars to the helm of the parent club in Dallas. The Stars went 64-57-9 under Gulutzan in 2009-10 and 2010-11 and missed the playoffs both seasons.
While they consider Dallas important job experience, Gulutzan indicated Friday they may have missed a step in their coaching progression.
During the last three seasons in Vancouver, Gulutzan says they didn't submit their resume to any other NHL team.
"When you look back on it, you go 'I probably could have used a couple years as an assistant in the league' and that's what I set out to do when I went to Vancouver," they said.
Gulutzan led ECHL's Las Vegas Wranglers to a 254-124-55 record from 2003 to 2009 as coach and general manager. The Wranglers were affiliated with the Flames at that time.
Current Flames defenceman Deryk Engelland played for Gulutzan in Las Vegas.
Gulutzan is a former WHL and University of Saskatchewan centre who played six seasons for Fresno in the WCHL, which is a league that Treliving co-founded.
Treliving says he's followed Gulutzan's career since they met 15 years ago in Las Vegas.
They'll name an assistant for Gulutzan in the coming days. Gulutzan wants someone with special teams expertise.
Calgary has retained assistant coach Martin Gelinas, goaltending coach Jordan Sigalet and video coach Jamie Pringle.
Gulutzan's name began circulating as a candidate for Calgary shortly after Hartley's dismissal. Flames assistant general manager Craig Conroy flew to Vancouver in mid-May to meet with Gulutzan.
Gulutzan says part of the interview process was chugging up Vancouver's Grouse Mountain, also known as "Mother Nature's Stairmaster," with Conroy. But Conroy said the gruelling trek, known as the "Grouse Grind," was Gulutzan's idea.
Gulutzan stepping behind Calgary's bench became a solid bet when other job-seeking coaches Bruce Boudreau (Minnesota) and Mike Yeo (St. Louis) landed in those markets.
Friday's announcement "confirmed Calgary's worst-kept secret over the last couple of days," Treliving said.
Gulutzan's wife Nicole went to high school and university in Calgary. The couple have four children.
Follow @DLSpencer10 on Twitter
Swiss drugmaker Novartis' logo is seen behind scaffolding at the company's plant in the northern Swiss town of Stein January 27, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Swiss drugmaker Novartis will invest up to an extra $15 million in Gamida Cell, an Israeli developer of stem cell therapies, Gamida said on Sunday.
Novartis last year invested $35 million in the company for a 15 percent stake, in a deal that could reach $600 million if Novartis exercises a buyout option that expires in 2016.
The $15 million investment will be used to advance Gamida Cell's clinical programs, including the development of NiCord, an experimental treatment for patients with high risk hematological malignancies, or blood cancers such as leukemia and lymphoma and sickle cell disease.
Gamida plans to initiate a Phase III clinical trial with NiCord in mid-2016.
As part of the latest deal, Novartis will immediately invest $5 million in Gamida Cell for an additional 2.5 percent stake. Also, subject to the close of an equity financing by the end of 2017 to fund the late stage development of NiCord, Novartis will invest up to another $10 million.
Novartis will not have rights or options to Gamida Cell products or technology under the terms of the agreement.
Other Gamida shareholders include Clal Biotechnology Industries, Elbit Imaging, Israel Healthcare Venture, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Denali Ventures and Auriga Ventures.
This Saturday, Sept. 24, Microsoft Stores will put you in the driver's seat during an exclusive Forza Horizon 3 pre-launch event.
Fans are invited to their local Microsoft Store to enjoy snacks, preview the game and the Ultimate Edition and compete in a Forza Motorsport 6 gaming tournament for Xbox prizes – including a free copy of the new Forza Horizon 3.
Almost everyone that pre-orders – in-store or online – can enter to win a Polaris RZR XP 1000, as seen in the game, by showing proof of purchase at a Microsoft Store during the event to receive a digital code that will be entered for the sweepstakes. The winner will be chosen and announced via Twitch live from the event at the flagship Microsoft Store located on Fifth Avenue. To get all the details, visit here.
The Polaris RZR XP 1000 will also be on display for fans at the Microsoft Store at University Village (Seattle) and the flagship Microsoft Store located on Fifth Avenue during the event if you're craving a photo-op.
Join us at your local Microsoft Store this Saturday from 7 – 9 p.m. ET / 4 – 6 p.m. PT to be the first to play and pre-order the new Forza Horizon 3. Visit the Microsoft Store Facebook Event page for details and sweepstakes rules.
The Ottawa RedBlacks said goodbye to 12 players on Thursday, while adding one.
CFL teams can only have 75 players under contract as of May 1, so the RedBlacks were forced to make some tough decisions a day after the conclusion of a three-day mini camp at TD Place.
Among those released: Running back Roy Finch, quarterbacks Alex Carder and Jordan Johnson and receiver Eddie Poole. Also gone: Defensive backs Hakeem Smith and Charles Clay, linebacker Evan Frierson, defensive end Youri Yenga, offensive linemen Eric Schultz and Dashawn Johnson and running backs LaVance Taylor and Shawn Johnson.
The RedBlacks announced they have signed defensive back Forrest Hightower out of San Jose State.
"They're good football players, in some cases we have too much depth at that position, ie. Eddie Poole," said RedBlacks GM Marcel Desjardins. "We knew going into mini camp we had too many running backs. We signed good football players. But we can't keep them all.
"It's not fun and it's worse to have to tell these guys. It's only going to get harder going forward."
Twitter: @TimCBaines
Star of The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi says the original films had 'more believable' stories
The British actor who played the original Darth Vader in Star Wars has dismissed the more recent prequel trilogy as a series of "really bad movies".
Dave Prowse, who portrayed the deadly Sith Lord onscreen for Star Wars (1977), The Empire Strikes Back (1980) and Return of the Jedi (1983), said they were unimpressed by creator George Lucas's oft-maligned attempts to tell the story of how Jedi Anakin Skywalker was turned to the dark side.
Prowse, whose voice was dubbed over with that of James Earl Jones in post-production, told the Hull Daily Mail: "I didn't like Star Wars I, II and III at all. I think the common opinion now is they were really bad movies." They added: "There's no comparison with the original movies. They had a much more believable story."
Prowse did say they would be open to returning in Disney's forthcoming Episode VII, which is being directed by Star Trek's JJ Abrams, but not as the evil Emperor's right hand man. "Unfortunately, Darth Vader was killed off," they said. "But it would be nice to come back and do another character, because no one's ever seen my face. I was never unmasked."
While Jones provided Vader's sinister tones for the original Star Wars films, fellow Briton Sebastian Shaw appeared briefly as the Sith Lord for their final moments in Return of the Jedi, and later as a "Force ghost" alongside Yoda and Obi-Wan Kenobe. Fans of the series were upset when the image of Hayden Christensen, the Canadian actor who played Anakin in the prequel series, was subsequently edited into the latter scene. Unfortunately for Prowse, no one has ever demanded their West Country tones be reinserted into the films' audio track.
Meanwhile, fanboy blog Latino Review has hinted that Ewan McGregor, who played Kenobe in the prequel trilogy, might be set to return as another "Force ghost" in Abrams' film.
After the SLS and its Roadster version have been discontinued, Mercedes no longer had a high-performance convertible offering. However, a few days ago they showcased a short film that featured the profile of a new convertible, basically confirming the rumors about a GT Convertible. Well, a few days after that, Mercedes have made available a set of pictures that fully reveal the upcoming 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster and its lesser sibling, the GT Roadster.
The two cars are set to debut in the upcoming weeks at the Paris Auto Show when Mercedes are going to reveal all the details about the two cars.
An unusual release & price
However, even though the two cars are set for release at the Paris Auto Show, Mercedes decided to give the public pretty much everything about them. So far the only true unknown factors are what the two cars are going to feature inside the cabin and the price. Most of the technology that will be featured has already been revealed, and we already know what engines will power the two.
With their release at the Paris Auto Show, the new GT-C is also expected to be shown in a few unique color combinations that will make it stand out from the coupe counterpart. Also, it is worth mentioning that even though the car will be showcased in Paris, it will only hit the market closer to the end of 2017. Also, its price might be revealed closer to production, but it still is expected to be around $15,000 higher, on average, than that of the coupe.
Design – spy photos
The 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster has been clearly influenced by the SLS Roadster. Even though the latter was definitely bigger, the two cars share a very similar profile and rear end. However, the GT-C took a lot more from the GT-R than we anticipated. The car has the same type of front grille with the vertical slats which give it a much more aggressive look than the older GT grille. The lower part of the front bumper is similar to that of the SLS, but the upper part is a lot more similar to that of the high-performance GT R. It is expected that this design will eventually be used on the regular GT and GT-S as well.
The vertical side grilles from the SLS are not here either. Instead, Mercedes went for longer grilles which do make the GT-C Roadster seem slightly longer than it really is. The rear end also takes a lot more from the GT-R than from the GT or GT-S which is a bit unusual, especially since the GT-C might not remain the top end model for long.
How will it perform?
The unusual part about this release is that Mercedes already showcased pretty much everything there is to show about the 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster before the Paris Auto Show Release. Because of that we already know that the two cars are quite a bit more different than the regular GT or GT S. For starters, the base GT Roadster model gets a normal suspension setup and the base engine from the GT. However, the GT-C is a lot more similar to the GT-R in this regard. The car gets the much wider rear track from the GT-R which is 2.25 inches wider.
Also, in order to help it put the power to the ground, the GT-C gets 19-inch rims in the front and 20-inch rims in the back which is very unusual. Also, unlike the regular cars, the GT-C will also receive, as standard, a rear axle steering system as well as a limited slip differential.
2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster Engine
All GT cars get a 4 liter twin-turbocharged V8 as standard with various amounts of power. The 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster gets the same engine as the GT R. This will offer 550 horsepower and 502 lb-ft of torque. Despite the impressive amount of power, though, it will only hit 60 MPH in around 3.7 seconds, and it will go up to a maximum top speed of 196 MPH. These are very close numbers to those set by the GT-S and that is mostly because the GT-C is quite a bit heavier than the coupe.
New Miss USA Angers Feminists (What Else Is New) By Suggesting That Women Should Take Self-Defense Classes As a Way to Reduce the Risks of Sexual Assault So, so dumb. Nia Sanchez won the Miss USA pageant Saturday. She's a fourth degree blackbelt in tae kwon do, having studied it for 12 years. They were asked, out of the blue, about the rape in America, and answered that a women's self-defense class might help women feel safe "walking to your car at night." Nia Sanchez won the Miss USA pageant Saturday. She's a fourth degree blackbelt in tae kwon do, having studied it for 12 years. They were asked, out of the blue, about the rape in America, and answered that a women's self-defense class might help women feel safe "walking to your car at night." Well, that was of course the wrong answer. The right answer is that we're supposed to tell rapists that rape is wrong. Or teach women the martial art of Well, that was of course theThe right answer is that we're supposed to tell rapists that rape is wrong. Or teach women the martial art of fluid-fu. Here is a sample objection-- they were all exactly this way. Here is a sample objection-- they were all exactly this way. Miss Nevada described how individuals need to protect themselves from rape, instead of teaching others not to rape. Stop the victim blaming.�
Haley Ploucha (@hallepalouka) June 09, 2014
Video of their incredibly anodyne answer here. Posted by: Ace at 02:48 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
WASHINGTON: The White House has dropped plans for a 14 percent cut to the Coast Guard, instead promising a budget that “sustains current funding levels.” The bad news is that “current funding levels” are already too low. The Coast Guard has to give almost 600 drug shipments a pass each year because they don't have the ships or planes to catch them — and that's their top-priority mission. Elsewhere, the Coast Guard has cut corners on everything from patrolling the Pacific, to maintaining its bases and to working with the Navy, the Coast Guard Commandant told reporters today.
“Where we've seen the most pain is we've deferred a lot of our shore (facilities) maintenance,” Adm. Paul Zukunft told the Defense Writers' Group. “We have a lot of our crew who are out there, if they're not out doing operations, then they're fixing utilities, they're patching roofs.” It took Hurricane Sandy battering the Coast Guard Academy to free up necessary funding for repairs there, they said: “That's no way to run a railroad.”
Another asset wearing thin is the nation's only heavy icebreaker, the Polar Star. The 40-year-old ship is “on life support” until a replacement arrives in 2023, Zukunft said, but it still has to break “chunks of ice the size of a Metro bus,” so after each deployment it needs a lot of time in the shipyard. Between deployments and overhauls, they said, “that crew is going to be away from home over 200 days this year.”
There appears to be an end in sight. The 2017 budget includes $1 billion in Navy funding to start the new icebreaker. The Coast Guard's own modernization account rose to $2 billion last year with the addition of a ninth National Security Cutter. (The 14 percent cut would have cancelled it). Construction continues on the smaller Offshore Patrol Cutters and Fast Response Cutters.
All told, Zukunft said, “on the acquisition front I'm extremely optimistic.” It is operations and maintenance that have them worried — especially if Congress keeps passing long-term Continuing Resolutions instead of regular spending bills. “My greatest concern right now is a CR,” they said. “If we don't have an appropriation in 2017, I will have to shut down operations…. Your only variable expense is fuel, (so) you stop flying, you stop sailing.”
A big part of the problem is the Coast Guard's unique status as an armed service that's not part of the Defense Department, Zukunft argues. That problem became particularly acute with the Budget Control Act of 2011, which set strict caps on federal discretionary expenditures (but not entitlements), one cap for defense spending and one for everything else, with the Coast Guard being part of the else. “Most of our budget — 96 percent — is non-defense discretionary (funding),” Zukunft said. “The irony is on any given day, I'll have upwards of 20 ships serving in support of the (military's) Combatant Commanders. Ships that are bought by, maintained by, and crewed and by non-defense discretionary funding. Yet we are an armed service. So we find ourselves in this no-man's land.”
Unique Powers, Unique Problems
On the upside, however, the Coast Guard's unique status lets it do things no other federal agency can, combining the Title 10 authorities of an armed service with the Title 14 authorities of law enforcement. In particular, the Coast Guard has international agreements with 60 countries that permit the US to board their ships on the grounds of “reasonable suspicion” and even to enter their territorial waters to do so. That's why there's an elite Coast Guard Advanced Interdiction Team assigned to Central Command (CENTCOM) in the Mideast. It's trained and equipped to military Special Operations standards but possesses much greater legal authority to board and search suspicious vessels in times of peace. Around the world, naval vessels conducting boarding operations often carry Law Enforcement Detachments (LEDETs) of Coast Guard personnel.
Coast Guard counter-terrorism teams also protect the President's frequent retreats to Mar-a-Lago, such as their recent summit with Chinese president Xi Jinping. Boat teams protect both the Atlantic and Intracoastal Waterway sides of the property, while helicopters keep drones and other low-fliers out of the airspace above. That all comes out of the existing Coast Guard budget. “Is there a supplemental to support this?” they asked. “The answer is no.”
So there are some missions the Coast Guard just can't afford to do. “Probably our biggest missed opportunity right now is in enforcing fisheries out to 200 miles (i.e. the Exclusive Economic Zone) and beyond,” Zukunft said. In the Pacific, for example, there are small island nations that rely on the US to protect their fishing grounds, often their only economic asset, Zukunft said: “They are ripe for plunder because they don't have a coast guard, they don't have a navy.” The Coast Guard has also declined European requests for assistance with mass migration of Syrian war refugees across the Mediterranean.
The Coast Guard has been able to increase its efforts in the Arctic, to include building a relationship with its Russian counterparts relatively untroubled by rising tensions between the two countries. In fact, the recently created Arctic Coast Guard forum will hold an international search and research exercise in September. “We're going to use search and rescue (exercises) to nurture this relationship rather than Freedom of Navigation exercise,” Zukunft said, which could raise tensions. Zukunft has also proposed a permanent Coast Guard presence in the contested waters of the Western Pacific, where the Chinese Coast Guard, not its navy, plays the leading role in asserting Beijing's territorial claims.
All these global efforts, however, take second place to stopping illegal drugs in the Americas. In the past, the Coast Guard tried to spread resources more evenly among missions, like “peanut butter,” Zukunft said. Today it's accepting risk elsewhere to cover the Caribbean and Eastern Pacific as densely as it can. Meanwhile Navy ships have largely pulled out, though the larger service provides some support in form of coastal patrol boats (PCs) and P-3 Orion scout planes.
On the Coast Guard's part, Zukunft said, “we have more than doubled the number of ships, the number of resources we have devoted to this part of the world.” Seizures of cocaine have more than doubled since 2014, from under 100 tons to more than 200 tons. Yet at the same time, year after year, the Coast Guard still ends up getting intelligence on far more shipments than it has forces to intercept.
“We have an awareness of over 80 percent of the maritime flow of the drugs in the Eastern Pacific,” Zukunft said. “Last year, with all that awareness, there were 580 events that we had at least one level of information on that we just did not have enough ships or enough planes to track those down.”
In what could come as a relief for many passengers who got stranded after delay in Air India flights over past five months across the country, the airlines will now have to pay Rs 3 crore as compensation.
About two lakh passengers were stranded for many hours over the past few months. Air India constitutes 80 percent of the total compensation paid by Indian carriers, reports India Today.
Source: Reuters
According to some crucial findings in a report by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), Air India is the highest compensation payer every month which stands around Rs 60 lakh. The other airlines pay Rs 2-3 lakh every month.
In May, Air India paid Rs 72 lakh to passengers for delay apart from making arrangements for accommodation, transit and refunds, and meals further increasing the total amount.
However, this is not the first time the airlines is paying such a huge amount for flight delays.
According to a report, in 2014, the airlines had to pay Rs 2 crore as compensation for domestic flights that was delayed beyond two hours which is 18.7 times more than the amount paid by all other airlines put together.
The cash-strapped airlines has paid about Rs 28,000 crore in accumulated losses, the report adds.
This article is over 5 years old
Cheers and applause ring out in parliament building after 77 of 121 members vote to allow gay couples to wed
New Zealand's parliament has voted in favour of allowing same-sex marriage, prompting cheers, applause and the singing of a traditional Maori celebratory song from the public gallery.
Seventy-seven of 121 members voted in favour of amending the 1955 Marriage Act to allow same-sex couples to wed, making New Zealand the first country in the Asia-Pacific region to do so.
"Two-thirds of parliament have endorsed marriage equality," said Louisa Wall, a gay opposition Labour party MP who campaigned in favour of the bill. "It shows that we are building on our human rights as a country."
Louisa Wall, who supported the gay marriage bill, stands on the steps of the parliament building in Wellington before the vote. Photograph: AP
The bill was widely expected to pass, given similar support for the change in a preliminary vote held last month. It is likely to come into effect in August.
New Zealand becomes the 13th country to legalise same-sex marriages, after Uruguay passed the law last week. Australia rejected a similar proposal last year.
Countries where such marriages are legal include Canada, Spain, Sweden and some US states. France is close to legalising same-sex marriage despite increasingly vocal opposition.
Hundreds of people wait for a place in the public gallery to see the chamber vote on a bill amending the 1955 Marriage Act. Photograph: AFP/Getty
The bill was opposed by the Roman Catholic church and some conservative religious, political and social groups, which said it would undermine the institution of the family.
The law makes it clear that clergy can decline to preside over gay marriages if they conflict with their beliefs.
Born this way – gay rights supporters hold up a banner outside the parliament building in Wellington. Photograph: AFP/Getty
The legislation comes after New Zealand gave same-sex relationships partial recognition in 2005 with the establishment of civil unions.
"I have a boyfriend, so it means we can get married, which is a good thing," said Timothy Atkin, a student who was among a crowd listening to the hearing in the parliamentary lobby. "It's important to be seen as equal under the law."
PlayStation 4 can dynamically alter the order in which game data is downloaded (and how data is installed off a Blu-ray disc) based on the popularity of particular modes or tracks, it's been revealed.
Discussing how the technology could tie in with upcoming racer DriveClub with The Guardian, Evolution Studios' group technical director Scott Kirkland said, "If we recognise that a majority of people take a particular path through the game that we didn't anticipate, we could dynamically modify the default order that the digital version of the game gets pulled down in - and actually, that same technique could apply to how the data is pulled off the Blu-ray as well.
"We can continue to make the experience better for the player."
It was revealed previously that PlayStation 4 players would be able to prioritise specific components of their download via a video explaining the benefits of PS4's new OS. Players will be able to select whether to install Killzone: Shadow Fall's single-player campaign or multiplayer component first, for example.
However, it wasn't clear that developers would also have the ability to dynamically vary the order in which specific data within each title is downloaded.
PlayStation 4's 'micro-patching service' will also let developers release tiny updates more frequently to tweak gameplay and target specific attributes.
"We can even update the handling," DriveClub game director Paul Rustchynsky explains. "If there are any balancing issues - if anyone says 'this car is 0.1 second slower than it should be at 0-60mph' - we can make adjustments like that."
PlayStation 4 and DriveClub launch this Christmas. A bundle containing a PlayStation 4 console and PlayStation Vita is rumoured to go on sale at "the end of the year".
Source: theguardian.com
Reading Time: 3 minutes
At first, getting started with GTD may seem like a complicated task. Trust me, it is not difficult if you follow these steps.
Getting started with GTD
A new year has just started. This is the perfect moment to start making a profound change in the way you commit, prioritize and execute your responsibilities and actions – both at work and in your personal life. The Getting Things Done methodology has, literally, transformed the way I do things.
Using GTD, I manage my commitments, responsibilities, projects and to-do lists with confidence. I know that I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing right now – in order to deliver according to what I have committed to.
Getting started with GTD is not difficult, but it requires you to understand the principles. You will not succeed with Getting Things Done if you skip this step. To install an app is not enough. Here is my recipe on how to get started with Getting Things Done.
1. Read the book
The first thing you need to do is to really understand the underlying principles. For this, I highly recommend David Allen's book Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity . The book is full of tips on how to get started and how to work around the common pitfalls.
2. Read my blog post Getting Things Done (GTD) – What is it?
In this post, I give you a summary of the most important elements of GTD together with my personal notes on each subject. This post is not a substitute for reading the book.
3. Start doing the first step in GTD
Already? Yes. The first step in getting started with GTD is to capture everything that has your attention. I mean all of it!
That talk with your boss that you have been avoiding
Planning your next vacation
Get milk
Write it down on a note and place the note in your inbox, one subject/task per note.
4. Continue with the next step: Clarify
To clarify means finding out what it means. Is this actionable? If no, trash it of file it.
If yes, start by asking yourself what's the next action?
Remember the sentence: What's the next action?
5. Move on to the third step: Organize
This is where the rubber meets the road. You will have to create projects and contexts as you move forward.
Projects
A project is anything that requires more than one step before you can tick it off as done.
By this definition, “Paint the house” is not a to-do item. It is the end result of a project with the following actions:
Check if you have paint
Check if you have brushes
Find the ladder
Check weather forecast
Do the painting
By breaking it down like this, you know that you have the paint and the tools – and you know when the weather is good enough to do the painting. This makes it easy to get started once you have the time.
Contexts
Contexts can be either the tools you need to get the job done, like a computer or internet access, or a physical place you need to be. i.e at work, at home, in a specific store or in the same room as your boss.
Use verbs
To make easy to start doing an action, use verbs like these:
Buy…
Check…
Discuss…
Email…, about…
Call…(phone number), about…
6. Find a GTD tool
This is maybe the most tricky part. You will have to decide on how you will manage your implementation of GettingThings Done. My tool of choice is Todoist.
For instructions on how to best set up Todoist for GTD, see the below posts:
My Todoist GTD setup – Part 1: Projects, contexts, and actions.
My Todoist GTD setup – Part 2: Weekly Review and Focus Horizons.
7. Do all the five steps in GTD
As described in David Allen's book and in my blog post Getting Things Done (GTD) – What is it?, there are five steps you need to practice in order to do GTD. Once they are a part of your workflow, you have succeeded in getting started with GTD.
8. Get more knowledge (optional)
I would recommend reading the book one more time after having done GTD for a while. This is a good way to deepen your insight. It will surprise you how much you will learn from reading it one more time.
Podcasts are a good way to learn. In this post, I'm listing four good podcasts about productivity and GTD.
A GTD course is a good investment after a time. Aside from formalizing your competence, you will have the possibility to ask questions and to meet other GTD'ers. Here is information about courses offered worldwide: http://gettingthingsdone.com/mastering-workflow-series/
If you want more knowledge about Todoist, I recommend my blog post 10 tips for getting the most out of Todoist.
LIKE THIS POST? Get the latest content first. You can unsubscribe at any time. We respect your privacy.
Like this: Like Loading...
Russia "appears to have deployed" special forces to an airbase in Egypt 60 miles from the border with Libya in the past few days, according to U.S., Egyptian, and diplomatic sources, per a Reuters report.
Last week the U.S. military commander who oversees U.S. operations in Africa, Marine General Thomas Waldhauser, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that Russia is trying to once again "exert influence" in the country, which used to be its client state. Waldhauser said a good way to characterize what appears to be happening between Russia and Libya is how Russia has been trying to support Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
Why it matters: Russia might be planning to prop up Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar, which would not be in the best interests of the U.S., according to Waldhauser. That's because Haftar is in a deadlock with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli.
The Russian defense ministry and the U.S. military did not provide comment for Reuters. Egyptian army spokesperson Tamer al-Rifai said "There is no foreign soldier from any foreign country on Egyptian soil. This is a matter of sovereignty."
The House Judiciary Committee unanimously approved the first major effort at surveillance reform since the controversy surrounding leaks from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden began. The vote is a victory for civil liberties advocates but a much narrower one than they were hoping for.
“While this bill is not perfect, it's the strongest attempt to end bulk collection that's out there,” said Gabriel Rottman of the American Civil Liberties Union.
The bill that passed the House panel Wednesday is a revised version of the USA Freedom Act, a collaboration between Wisconsin Republican Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner and Vermont Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy that was introduced in October. That measure never made it to a vote. Instead, legislators on the committee hammered a compromise, leaving much of the original sweeping bill on the cutting room floor. Crucially, the new version drew the support of House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte, who last July had voted against an effort to rein in the NSA's powers that narrowly failed.
Still, the bill signals the best hope for major policy changes to the government's surveillance powers since Snowden leaked details about the NSA's telephone metadata collection program. The program, which collects in bulk the time, duration, and parties involved in Americans' phone calls, has been criticized by two government panels and even a federal judge as inessential to preventing terror attacks. The administration has defended the program as authorized under section 215 of the Patriot Act. Sensenbrenner, one of the authors of the Patriot Act, has maintained that Section 215 was never meant to authorize bulk collection.
New York Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler, one of the authors of the compromise, said in their opening statement that the bill was “the first real chance in more than a decade to place legislative limits on sweeping, unwarranted – and at times unlawful – government surveillance.”
The original version would have banned all bulk collection by the government, the new version still allows the government to request records up to two degrees away from the target of an inquiry as long as they get the approval of a judge on the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The earlier version would also have barred the NSA from gaining access to the content of Americans' communications if collected while the agency is targeting sources believed to be abroad, dubbed “backdoor searches” by critics. The ACLU sent a letter to the judiciary committee leadership Wednesday that laid out ongoing concerns with the new version of the bill, including worries about how long the government is allowed to keep data after it obtains it.
A series of amendments put forward by California Democrat Zoe Lofgren during the markup illustrated just how far the bill had moved from the original version. Lofgren proposed an amendment that would have barred “backdoor searches” that was easily voted down, with legislators indicating that any changes would alter the delicate compromise that had been reached. Sensenbrenner, referring to Lofgren's proposal to ban backdoor searches, said the bill was on “the fast track,” and Lofgren's amendment would “blow up” the bill's chances of passage.
Lofgren also proposed an amendment that would have raised the standard for requesting records from the “reasonable articulable suspicion” to probable cause, the same standard required for obtaining a warrant. Under current law, records in possession of a third party, like a telecommunications company, are not subject to the same level of privacy as physical items in your home. Civil libertarians feel that distinction is growing increasingly outdated as Americans store more and more of their personal information online.
That amendment was not only voted down – Lofgren's colleagues began to lecture them on legal precedent regarding the reduced standard for third-party records. Ironically, that argument figured heavily in the Obama administration's defense of the very metadata collection program the new legislation is designed to end.
New York Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler, one of the authors of the compromise, agreed with Lofgren that more protections for third-party records was needed but that their proposal was “not right” for the moment because of the need to preserve the agreement on the new legislation.
The committee did restore language proposed by Washington Democratic Rep. Suzan DelBene, which made it easier for private companies to disclose details about government requests for data.
Senator Leahy, who chairs the Senate judiciary committee, said in a statement following the vote that they would seek to restore some of the provisions in the original proposal they authored with Sensenbrenner. Leahy also said the committee had taken an “historic step” by approving the bill.
As it stands, the new, less sweeping version of the USA Freedom Act is now much closer to a rival proposal put together by the House intelligence committee, and to changes President Obama said they supported in January. The intelligence committee proposal would allow intelligence agencies to collect the data from companies first, and then justify their decision to the secret court later if the company objects.
With the judiciary committee having passed its version, the focus is now on the intelligence committee measure. Despite harsh Republican criticism of the Obama administration over the Snowden revelations – the Republican National Committee adopted an anti-NSA resolution in January – the House GOP leadership has been cautious. Yet the compromise legislation adopted by the House Judiciary Committee may be one all parties, including the administration, can live with.
“There's a strong sense that we need to end bulk collection,” a Democratic House aide said. “This will have overwhelming support when it comes to the floor.”
Saw VI and Saw 3D: The Final Chapter director Kevin Greutert helms Jackals, the '80s-set psychological thriller that centers on an estranged family who hires a cult de-programmer (Dorff) to get back their teenage son from a murderous cult, only to find themselves under siege when the cultists surround their cabin, demanding the boy back.
We have a brand new exclusive clip that shows what happens when you kidnap a cult member. In the footage, the jackals have come to take back one of their own, while the teen's family battles between themselves as to whether to turn them in to save their own lives.
Blade‘s Stephen Dorff, who is also battling Leatherface this October, is starring in the Shout! Factory's thriller opening in limited theaters and On Demand on September 1st.
Johnathon Schaech (Day of the Dead, Prom Night, Laid to Rest), Deborah Kara Unger (Silent Hill), Ben Sullivan, Chelsea Ricketts and Nick Roux are also on board to star. Jared Rivet penned the script.
Car number 58 has started 133 races and has 1 win, 0 poles, 7 top 5s, 15 top 10s, and 64 DNFs.
Johnny Patterson drove the #58 Hudson in 20 races between 1952-1954, the most out of anyone in the number.
Doug Moore made 13 starts in #58 between 1964 & 1965.
In 1962 Johnny Allen made only 3 starts in #58. In those 3 starts they won a race, and led 178 laps.
In 1999 Ricky Craven signed on with SBIII Motorsports, a brand-new team in NASCAR. Though they won a Winston West race for the team and led 2 laps, after 12 starts and failing to qualify for the Coca-Cola 600, Craven was replaced by Loy Allen for 3 races, Sean Woodside for 1 race, and ultimately Hut Stricklin for 9 races.
One week after the team announced a 4 year sponsorship deal with Motorsports Safety Technologies, Stricklin was released and the team shut down due to lack of funding. The company had written a check that bounced when cashed by the team.
In 2007 James Hylton tried and failed to make the Daytona 500. James Hylton is mostly associated with #48, but that number was being used in 2007.
Other notable names in #58: Tiny Lund, 2 starts Buck Baker, 1 start Jeff Purvis, 1 start Johnny Beauchamp, 1 start
Advertisements
NEW DELHI: Congress President Sonia Gandhi today expressed apprehension whether the "forces of darkness" were trying to destroy the roots of democracy, as they took a veiled jibe at the RSS saying some organisations had opposed the Quit India movement and played no role in the freedom movement.Speaking in the Lok Sabha during a special discussion to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Quit India movement, they said there was a feeling that the "clouds of the politics of division and hate" are hovering over the plural and egalitarian values enshrined in the Constitution."It seems secular, democratic and liberals values are being endangered. The public space for debate and difference of opinion is shrinking..."Have the forces of darkness emerged? Is there a fear about the existence of a sense of freedom? Are attempts being made to destroy roots of democracy which is based on equality, social justice, law-based system and freedom of expression," Gandhi said.Prime Minister Narendra Modi listened to them as they took digs at their party and its ideological mentor RSS, without naming them."We should not forget that there were people and organisations which had opposed the Quit India movement and had played no role in getting our country freedom," they said.BJP member Kirron Kher shouted "travesty, travesty", as Gandhi made these remarks but was signalled from the treasury benches to remain quiet.The Congress has often accused the RSS of playing no role in the freedom movement, a charge vehemently denied by it.People have to fight for the India they believe in, which is loved by one and all and which was envisioned by the freedom fighters, Gandhi said."We can and will not allow the idea of India to be a prisoner to narrow mindedness, divisive and communal ideology. If we have to preserve freedom, we will have to defeat the forces endangering it. We can't and we won't allow sectarian forces to succeed," they said, asking people to defeat such "repressive" forces.She also underlined the contributions of the Congress and Jawaharlal Nehru to the landmark episode in India's struggle for independence, adding that their party's workers had made countless sacrifices.
CARSON, California -- U.S. men's national team manager Jurgen Klinsmann has given their full approval to an apparent decision by Jordan Morris to start their professional career in Major League Soccer with the Seattle Sounders.
Morris concluded a 10-day trial with Bundesliga side Werder Bremen and even assisted on a goal in a training match back on Jan. 15. But just days after taking an optimistic tack as to Morris' potential capture, the club announced Tuesday that they wouldn't be offering the Stanford junior a contract.
That news cleared the way for Morris to sign with Seattle, who have reportedly offered them the richest homegrown player contract in MLS history.
"I'm thrilled that Jordan decided to go pro," Klinsmann said in an exclusive interview with ESPN FC. "This is the really important decision. And I'm thrilled with the Sounders, that they go into an environment that they know, that they feel comfortable with, and that they feel now that, 'At this specific point in time, this is the best move for me.'"
Morris, a former U20 international, has long been considered a rising talent in the U.S. system. But they really caught Klinsmann's eye when they scored in a training match for Stanford against the U.S. during the team's preparations for the 2014 World Cup.
Jurgen Klinsmann is fully supportive of national team player Jordan Morris and their apparent desire to play in MLS.
Morris made their full international debut in a friendly against Ireland the following November. They then scored their first goal at full international level six months later when they netted in a 2-0 win over Mexico.
Since then, the attention on Morris has skyrocketed. They recently led Stanford to the collegiate national championship, scoring 13 goals and adding three assists, and their decision as to their first pro destination has been eagerly awaited.
Official confirmation has yet to be communicated, but the Sounders have scheduled a press conference on Thursday for "a special announcement" at which time it is expected that Morris will be unveiled as a Seattle player.
That news would sit just fine with Klinsmann.
"[Morris] feels he's not ready for Europe," Klinsmann said. "He feels the next big step for them is the Sounders where they know everybody, and for us it's great because the moment they step now on the training field he's in a professional environment. That's good."
Klinsmann did add that the were pleased that Morris took the opportunity to train with Werder Bremen, an arrangement that was set up by U.S. national team assistant Andi Herzog, themselves a former Bremen player.
"Morris got a sense for a Bundesliga team, a European team," they said. "That kind of gave them a first hint of, 'How is it handled overseas, and how does it compare to what I know in Seattle?'
"I'm just happy that this step -- Stanford too -- to a professional level is now happening. I think it's good timing for him, and we get them now on a far more intense schedule and demanding environment that they have to fight their way through at the pro level."
So does Klinsmann wish Morris had turned pro earlier?
"No, for us, when we saw him, even before we had that scrimmage at the World Cup, we saw the potential, we saw the talent," they said. "But we also saw the personal development, meaning the off the field development.
"I think the timing of how they actually went with [Stanford head coach] Jeremy Gunn guiding them through the process was instinctively really thought through. You can't expect that you win the NCAA then at the end of that path, but it couldn't have been any more perfect. Because they leave college now with that very, very special achievement and pushes themselves to the pros.
"Looking at all these choices that they made so far, they were all very, very good choices, good decisions that they made."
Indonesian air force fighter jets intercept Australian plane after it violated the country's airspace
Updated
The Indonesian air force has used two of its new Russian built fighter jets to intercept an Australian plane that had violated its airspace.
A spokesperson for the Indonesian air force, First Air Marshal Hadi Tjahjanto, said the civilian plane was detected on Wednesday morning by radar off southern Maluku in eastern Indonesia.
The aircraft, a Beechcraft 95, had departed from Darwin and was travelling to Cebu in the Philippines.
The plane was forced to come down in Manado, in North Sulawesi, after two Sukhoi fighter jets were scrambled from Makassar airbase to intercept it.
The plane is owned by South Australian business person Richard Maclean, who authorities said was on board, while another man flew the plane.
The pair were quizzed by military investigators before being handed over to airport authorities for further questioning, another air force spokesperson, Hadi Cahyanto, said.
"They don't have a letter of clearance allowing them to enter Indonesian airspace," they said.
"But because they are civilians, not military, we have handed them over to the airport authorities for investigation."
The men have been questioned and their papers checked but it is unclear whether they will face any charges.
ABC/AFP
Topics: defence-and-national-security, defence-forces, government-and-politics, world-politics, air-force, indonesia, australia, sa, darwin-0800
First posted
All that would be true regardless of the horse-race implications of Thursday's violence. It is nevertheless worth noting the likely effects of the violence. The San Jose anti-Trump protesters, like the violent anti-Trump protesters in Costa Mesa before them, more likely helped than hurt the odds of Trump being elected president.
Phone videos of Mexican flags waving as Trump supporters are attacked will fuel nativist anxieties about immigration as well as hate-group fundraising.
White supremacists were undoubtedly smiling as they read the news.
In a week with headlines about Trump University's shockingly unethical behavior, old footage of Trump telling a TV interviewer that they got furious at their former wife when they didn't have dinner on the table when they got home, and the revelation that Trump failed to make good on a pledge to a veteran's charity until the press called them on it, San Jose's protesters managed to do the one thing that would give Trump supporters, if not the candidate himself, moral high ground in anything.
Here's how I put it a month ago in a piece titled, “Hard Truths About How to Beat Donald Trump”:
At anti-Trump protests, eschew violence and any other behavior that helps their cause. The activist left is very antagonistic to “respectability politics,” which Wikipedia defines as “attempts by marginalized groups to police their own members and show their social values as compatible with mainstream values rather than challenging the mainstream for its failure to accept difference.” Since nonviolence is a value held dear by large majorities on the activist left, not a mainstream value it rejects, efforts to keep anti-Trump protests as peaceful as possible are not at all inconsistent with rejecting respectability politics. They're a no-brainer. Results-oriented activists should go a step farther. If organizers at anti-Trump rallies did their utmost to keep Mexican flags out of the hands of activists and to have as many American flags waving as possible that may or may not constitute respectability politics. Labels aside, that tactic would significantly increase the chance that a given rally will help the anti-Trump cause and significantly decrease the chance that a given rally will harm the anti-Trump cause. All who regard preventing the empowerment of a demagogue who pits their supporters against Mexicans and Muslims as a hugely important goal should prioritize its achievement.
All that said, any reader of mine who is tempted to react to violence by a tiny subset of Trump opponents by supporting the candidate themselves should understand that not only have Trump supporters engaged in violence on multiple occasions—two beat and urinated on a homeless man while saying “Trump was right”—the candidate themselves has, on other occasions, explicitly encouraged violence, unlike Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders or Gary Johnson or Jill Stein or any other credible candidate for the presidency in my lifetime. “Maybe they should have been roughed up,” Trump said of one verbal dissenter who was beaten at one of their rallies. On another occasion, they declared that they missed the old days when people saying nasty things at political rallies would “be carried out on a stretcher.”
STEP 1 Collecting imagery First off we need to actually drive around and photograph the locations to show in Street View. We pay close attention to many factors, including the weather and the population density of various areas, to determine when and where we can collect the best possible imagery.
STEP 2 Aligning imagery To match each image to its geographic location on the map, we combine signals from sensors on the car that measure GPS, speed and direction. This helps us reconstruct the car's exact route, and even tilt and realign images as needed.
STEP 3 Turning photos into 360 photos To avoid gaps in the 360 photos, adjacent cameras take slightly overlapping pictures, and then we ‘stitch' the photos together into a single 360 degree images. We then apply special image processing algorithms to lessen ‘seams' and create smooth transitions.
To their credit, the Dallas Cowboys did not overreact to Sunday's game. As happy as they were to get the road victory over the Philadelphia Eagles in a game they considered a must-win, nobody in the Cowboys' locker room was spraying champagne. The Cowboys remain 4-5 and with much work still to do, regardless of how soft their remaining schedule may appear, if they're going to have a shot at this year's playoffs.
"We have to clean this one up and move forward quickly," Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said more than once in their postgame news conference.
Morris Claiborne and the Cowboys are a work in progress. Ron T. Ennis/Getty Images
Fortunately for the Cowboys, even in victory, there's plenty to clean up. Look, for example, at the case of rookie cornerback Morris Claiborne. As brilliant as they have been at times, and as much evidence as the Cowboys have seen to justify spending both their first-round and second-round draft picks on them this past April, Sunday offered plenty of proof that they have a lot more on-the-job learning to do. Claiborne was flagged for five penalties in the game -- more than six entire NFL teams picked up Sunday -- and they were well aware after the game that their performance was not acceptable. Per Calvin Watkins:
"I think that I had a rough game out there and did not play my best," Claiborne said. "I got a lot of penalties called on me and I just have to learn from that. I just need to go back and get it fixed." When opposing teams watch tape of the rookie, they see he's pressing receivers and not getting much deep help. Defensive coordinator Rob Ryan trusts their rookie corner to make plays in the passing game, and that's the smart thing to do. After Claiborne struggled Sunday, you begin to wonder if more teams will take advantage.
Claiborne was flagged twice for being offsides, which is as ridiculous a call as a cornerback can get. There's no excuse for lining up offsides at that position, and it's completely avoidable by simply looking at the nearest official and asking, before the ball is snapped, whether you're over the line or not. You see high school players do this.
But Claiborne's miscues speak to the issue of what this Cowboys team is -- a work in progress. Sure, they're in contention thanks to the struggles the Giants have had against the AFC North and the fact that their division might once again be won with a not-so-spectacular record. And sure, the remainder of the schedule, with its five home games and only one opponent that currently sports a winning record, looks inviting. But these Cowboys are 4-5, and there's ample reason to wonder whether they're a good enough team to take advantage of a favorable schedule the rest of the way.
Claiborne stands as the example because he's a vitally important player for the Cowboys but not a reliable one. And if you look across their lineup, on both sides of the ball, you see a lot of that. Claiborne, Dez Bryant and basically all of the offensive linemen are a few examples of players on whom the Cowboys have no choice but to rely heavily but whose performance can waver from week to week, quarter to quarter or even play to play. Some would add quarterback Tony Romo to that list. And when you throw in guys like DeMarco Murray and Miles Austin, incredibly important players on whose health the Cowboys cannot rely, the list starts to grow very long.
There is some talent on this roster, but a lot of it is underdeveloped. And a player like Claiborne, who's likely to be an excellent cornerback in the NFL before long, is still learning on the job. The Cowboys' defense is built largely around the idea of them and Brandon Carr as shutdown corners, and Sunday was just the latest reminder that they can't be certain what they're going to get with them in a given game. They may lock in and play great over the final seven games. They may look lost every week. They may have three great games and four lousy ones. There's just no way to know at this point in their career.
So as you recalibrate your expectations for the 2012 Cowboys, it's important to remind yourself that the reasons for doing so are almost exclusively external: That the Giants failed to put the division race away when they had a chance and the toughest part of the schedule has already been played. A couple of very good reasons to alter your perception of the situation in which the Cowboys find themselves, and to reasonably believe they have a chance where once you may not have.
But Sunday's victory didn't gloss over the Cowboys' faults, or give anyone any reason to feel differently about the Cowboys themselves in vacuum. They are still the same team they were a week ago -- not great, not terrible, capable of making a run if things start and continue to go well, capable of making you pull your hair out every single week. That they now find themselves in striking distance of this year's postseason doesn't mean they can make it, and it certainly doesn't mean they don't still have a lot of work to do before they are what they believe they can be long-term. The encouraging thing, if you're a Cowboys fan, is the people running the team and playing on it know this, and Sunday didn't do anything to change the way they were already operating.
The farm bill approved by the Senate last week makes significant changes in existing farm programs, some for the better. But it takes a disproportionate whack from environmental programs, needlessly trims food stamps and does not fundamentally alter the program's bias toward relatively well-off growers of big crops like corn, wheat and soybeans.
The bill would cost $969 billion over 10 years, about $23 billion less than projected. Much of this comes from eliminating notorious subsidies like the direct payment program, which doled out $5 billion a year to farmers in good times and bad.
The Senate put some of that savings into a suite of generous crop insurance programs that will protect farmers against both natural disaster and market fluctuations. These programs will disproportionately benefit large farmers (the more you grow, the bigger the subsidy) who could afford to pay a bigger share of the premiums. An exasperated Senator John McCain said they were “hard-pressed to think of any other industry that operates with less risk at the expense of the American taxpayer.”
Despite the efforts of Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York to keep food stamp programs intact, they were cut by $4.5 billion over 10 years — a fraction of some $750 billion in total spending but harmful to many poor families. Conservation programs that encourage farmers to withdraw highly erodible land from production were slashed by 10 percent. These cuts would have been less painful if the Senate had spent less on crop insurance.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There are some improvements. The bill will expand block grants to states for research and promotion of fruits and vegetables. It will encourage the growth of farmers' markets. It will consolidate several overlapping conservation programs to make them more efficient.
An important last-minute amendment from Senator Saxby Chambliss, Republican of Georgia, will compel farmers receiving insurance subsidies to take minimal steps to reduce erosion and protect wetlands. Support programs like direct payments have always required recipients to meet conservation standards, but insurance subsidy programs have not. Tying insurance to good flight attendantship practices is an important step.
We've seen beer brewed with lobster and suds made entirely from cocoa beans, but the next big boom in bottled booze is is alcoholic root beer. In just a few months, the childhood classic has been given a major makeover—from soft drink to hard soda—and it's completely taking over this summer.
One brand in particular, Not Your Father's Root Beer, is highly sought after. And surprisingly, it's being cranked out by the kings of cheap beer: Pabst. Though the first batch of Not Your Father's was created back in 2013—when the brew masters at Small Town Brewery combined sassafras bark, vanilla, anise, wintergreen, and a couple other spices in a vat—the big-brand beer company only just purchased the stuff earlier this year. And its nationwide push is working.
Not Your Father's is so well loved that it has received glowing reviews on sites like Beer Advocate, where it was rated at 94 out of 100. And, if New York is any indication of the spiked root beer business, the hard soda will be selling out at liquor stores across the country in no time. (We went through four beer shops before one had Not Your Father's in stock.)
So how does it stack up to our favorite childhood pop? The minute we popped the cap, we were reminded of the root beer we grew up with. And the taste is exactly the same, with the alcohol totally masked. We couldn't believe this was really spiked. So we did what anyone should do with a few extra bottles: turned them into ice-cream floats. And damn, were they delish.
While Pabst's hard root beer is flying off of shelves, it's still a relatively new concept. And only a few breweries are currently carrying their own versions: Berghoff Brewery in Chicago announced the debut of its Rowdy Root Beer in June, and Coney Island Brewing (backed by Samuel Adams maker Boston Beer Company) is reportedly working on its own riff as well.
But like any other suds trend, we expect to see this root beer bubble grow exponentially as small craft companies jump on the bandwagon and start brewing their own spiked sodas.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University University of Washington
In the 1970s, scientist Edward Lorenz famously asked whether the flapping of a butterfly's wings in Brazil could lead to a tornado in Texas.
In the decades since, the butterfly effect and chaos theory have sparked countless debates and pop culture references. But the question also holds practical importance: What do small, unpredictable events mean for the future of weather prediction?
For a new study researchers wondered whether unobserved, minuscule disturbances—like those from butterfly wings—actually affect weather forecasts.
It appears weather forecasters don't have to worry about their jobs. The answer is no.
“The butterfly effect is important, as an example of how errors might theoretically spread to larger scales, but actual butterflies don't matter for forecasts,” says Dale Durran, professor of atmospheric sciences at the University of Washington.
What matters instead is getting the bigger picture right.
“The uncertainty in a meteorological forecast generated by ignoring the flapping of a butterfly's wings—or even broader circulations one mile wide—is less than that produced by very-small-percentage errors in our observations of much larger-scale motions,” Durran says.
Thunderstorms can grow rapidly from a small cloud to a huge storm, and are notoriously difficult to forecast. The researchers used this as their test case for the study, that is published in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society.
“The evolution of thunderstorms is thought to be particularly sensitive to small-scale disturbances,” Durran says.
The study used computer simulations of squall lines, the row of thunderstorms that can form ahead of a cold air front. Researchers looked at the effect of beginning the simulation with modest errors at different horizontal scales. Minor errors at large scales of about 80 miles (128 kilometers) mattered as much for the forecast as more significant errors at a smaller scale of about 5 miles (8 kilometers).
On the one hand, this is good news, since small-scale motions, which are almost impossible to observe routinely, don't matter so much, confirming Durran's earlier paper on the meteorological irrelevance of butterflies. On the other hand, it's bad news, because even little mistakes in the large-scale observations can throw off a forecast for a thunderstorm or a snowstorm.
“Perhaps counterintuitively, you have to know the large scale with a great deal of precision to get the small scale right,” Durran says. “There's a lot of energy in the larger scales, so if you make a small fraction of a percent error there, it might not seem like much at the start, but a couple hours into the forecast, it makes a difference.”
It's not necessary to create a dense network of observing stations to measure the atmosphere at finer and finer scales.
Instead of sweating the small stuff, Durran says, scientists need to improve the way they assimilate, or input, existing observations of the atmosphere on horizontal scales between 100 and 300 miles (160 to 480 km) in order to start local-area forecasts with the best possible description of the air circulating.
“It's going to be difficult, but not impossible, to improve the larger scales.”
The US Office of Naval Research funded the work.
Source: University of Washington
Back to front for big Belgian
by Guardian Chalkboards
Thomas Vermaelen's return from injury after two and a half months without a Premier League start was a welcome boost for Arsenal in the 3-0 win over West Brom. In addition to grabbing the second goal that effectively ended the game as a contest, they also helped their side to a clean sheet. They and Laurent Koscielny are yet to concede a goal in the 205 Premier League minutes they have played together this season, and while Arsène Wenger brought in Per Mertesacker this summer, Vermaelen and Koscielny appears to be their first-choice combination at the back.
Despite having completed only three games together since Koscielny joined the club, they seem to be a good partnership. Vermaelen constantly wants to move towards the play and sneak ahead of opposition strikers to win the ball, while Koscielny is much more reserved and tends to naturally cover for their partner. Indeed, with Vermaelen often caught high up the pitch, and Arsenal's two full-backs, Carl Jenkinson and André Santos, still positionally uncertain, Koscielny's discipline and calmness at the back is vital for Arsenal.
by Guardian Chalkboards
The difference in Vermaelen and Koscielny's play is summed up by where, and how, they win the ball. Vermaelen made five interceptions against West Brom, usually close to the halfway line, but made no successful ground tackles. Koscielny makes fewer interceptions, and when they do they are in deeper positions – but they are far more likely to make successful ground tackles on the edge of their penalty area.
Vermaelen's impetuousness was both a help and a hindrance for Arsenal. Their proactive method of winning the ball back led to a quick Arsenal attack for Robin van Persie's opener, but it also resulted in them committing unnecessary fouls and giving West Brom the chance to put free-kicks into the box, where Arsenal are most vulnerable. Perhaps they are regaining match sharpness, but this has been an issue throughout their Arsenal career – winning the ball quickly is useful but they need to learn that sometimes they simply can't win the ball and they will be easily turned by the striker.
United keep it clean
On the subject of interceptions and tackles, Manchester United showed that it is possible to keep a clean sheet despite hardly ever making successful challenges on the floor. They completed only five ground tackles in the entire game, all down their left-hand side, compared to 17 interceptions. It was the second-fewest ground tackles won by a Premier League side in a game this season – the other occasion was against Norwich, in the home game before the 6-1 defeat to Manchester City, when they won only four tackles but again kept a clean sheet.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Spider-Man spins their web
With Newcastle United's midfield suffering from injury problems during the 2-1 over Everton in the early afternoon kick-off on Saturday, it was an interesting afternoon for Jonás Gutiérrez. They started on the left wing but was moved to the right for the second half. They seemed to be given more creative responsibility in the centre of the pitch, especially after Yohan Cabaye went off injured after 38 minutes. Compare the positions of their passes to Newcastle's previous home game against Wigan, and it is clear that they were much keener to come inside off the flank and play passes in central positions, roughly 30 yards from goal. Gutiérrez showed why they are a winger, though – almost all the passes they attempted near the flanks were successful, and nearly all the ones they tried in the middle of the pitch went astray.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Vorm on form
Liverpool did not have a strategy to beat Swansea City, but they had a good tactic for disrupting their passing game from the back. Knowing that the Swans goalkeeper Michel Vorm likes to play short passes out to their defenders, Kenny Dalglish asked their players to be in a position to close down quickly if the Dutch goalkeeper took the short option. It gave the goalkeeper a dilemma – to play risky short-range passes or hit longer balls that were less dangerous but likely to concede possession? There was a mixed bag from Vorm – they kicked some balls straight out for a throw, completed some passes to the back four, and also went long occasionally. It was a clear contrast from Swansea's previous game, against Bolton, when their distribution was nearly always short. Their pass completion ratio was 96% there and only 59% at Anfield. They will be pleased with their fifth clean sheet of the season, however – no Premier League goalkeeper has kept more.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Cottagers cheesed off
Fulham recorded an amazing 32 shots in their 3-1 home defeat to Tottenham Hotspur – and yet failed to score with any of them, their only goal coming from a Younes Kaboul own goal. It was the highest number of shots by a team in a Premier League game this season and it is the first time since Opta records began that a side have had 13 shots on target and still lost the game.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Michael Cox is editor of zonalmarking.net
THE GOVERNMENT AND An Post are coming under fire for a commemorative stamp of Cuban revolutionary Ernesto ‘Che' Guevara.
The stamp, which features the famous artwork of Guevara by Irish artist Jim Fitzpatrick, is released today on the 50th anniversary of Guevara's death.
Guevara assisted Fidel Castro in overturning the Cuban government in the late 1950s, and then held key political offices during Castro's regime.
Although supporters see Guevara as an example of nationalism, revolution and self-sacrifice, their critics have labelled them a brutal and cruel killer.
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
An Post, the Irish postal service, has issued a stamp of mass murdering Argentinian Marxist, Che Guevara. Ask your local PO not to stock it pic.twitter.com/jRDbTcxv0P — Paddy Manning ن (@PaddyJManning) October 6, 2017 Source: Paddy Manning ن /Twitter
Speaking on Morning Ireland today, Cuban-American journalist Ninoska Perez said that many Cubans who contacted their radio show on Miami 710 AM were incensed by the “offensive” stamp design.
“It doesn't matter that it's an image created by an artist, it's the image of a murderer,” they said.
And to me it's really shameful that Ireland would put the image of someone who was a foreigner, went to Cuba to kill… was a failure in everything they did. So I don't know what's there to honour about Che Guevara.
Lately there has been an increased awareness of how nations remember figures from the past, most famously in Charlottesville, where statues of Confederate leaders were removed, which in turn led to protests and counter-protests.
Three weeks ago, an image of Che Guevara was removed from a Miami Airport poster that celebrated famous figures with Irish ancestry. According to Perez, the poster was removed because “it was offensive to the families of so many victims of Che Guevara”.
Every time that I see someone with a t-shirt or that I see a country put their face on a stamp, I think what did they do to deserve this? What have been their achievements?
They said that the idea of Che Guevara as an iconic figure of freedom and nationalism was “just a propaganda myth that has been created by communism”.
I would love to see that stamp abolished… What does Ireland think it is doing by putting Che Guevara on a stamp?
According to the Irish Times, Fine Gael Senator Neale Richmond has written to Minister for Communications Denis Naughten asking for an explanation as to why the stamp was commissioned.
The Department of Communications told RTÉ that the “subject matter for stamp designs are presented to government in advance. This particular subject matter was submitted and approved in December 2015 as per normal procedures.
CARSON, Calif. – They got the band back together for another run at MLS Cup, but even David Beckham knows the clock is probably ticking on this version of the LA Galaxy.
The 37-year-old themselves only has one year remaining on their contract and is unsure what the future will bring. It's still even a question, they say, if they have another season left in him.
“Who knows?” the Designated Player told reporters on Wednesday after training. “I'm going to enjoy being in the playoffs again this season and then we'll see – see how this body feels after the playoffs.”
Beckham is preparing for Thursday's Knockout Round match against the Vancouver Whitecaps (10:30 pm ET, NBCSN, TSN in Canada, live chat on MLSsoccer.com), which marks the fourth consecutive year they have featured in the MLS postseason.
Playoff Pressure: Where's it falling on the Galaxy?
But he's admitted this season that the little injuries – “30 years of football,” as Galaxy coach Bruce Arena termed it – have started to add up. Beckham played through the pain of various ailments from before First Kick, missed 10 games entirely and has played only 62 minutes of soccer since early October.
None of that has affected their hunger to compete, he's quick to add.
“Even when I stop playing, I'll have hunger to do something better and be the best at something and always be successful,” they said. “No matter where I am, no matter what age I am, no matter how many championships I've won, I still wake up and I still want to win another championship every year.”
For now, Beckham says, he's going to enjoy the quest for a second straight MLS Cup title with most of the same faces from 2011's triumph. If this is the last ride of this current group of Galaxy players, he's just going to enjoy it for what it is.
“People [suggested last year] that, we've won the championship, maybe now it's time to move a few of older players on and start fresh,” Beckham said. “And sometimes that is the truth, but I think it's been great the last three or four years that we've all stayed together because it builds stability.
“When you're with players for long enough, you get to know them on and off the field, so it makes when you win a championship more special than anything.”
13 Illuminati Bloodlines That Control The World
by USJ Staff 4.49k
The Illuminati might have their hooks into virtually every politician, business, and entertainer, but at the top, there are alleged to be only 13 bloodlines who control the Cabal. These are some of the wealthiest families in the world with connections to wealth and power all over the world, from Europe to China. And according to Illuminati watchers, they use it to ensure their grand design is carried out.
If One World Government does come to the planet, these 13 families will be at the top of the pyramid, controlling every aspect of the global police state.
Much of what we know about these families is based on the research of one Fritz Springmeier, an author and educator who has devoted their career to exposing Illuminati connections and history. While the bulk of their findings can't be confirmed, any serious Illuminati watcher has knowledge of it. Much more of Springmeier's findings can be found on various conspiracy theory websites, where the author goes into voluminous detail about every one of these Illuminati bloodlines. Here are the 13 families that control the world.
Astor Family
The Astor family represent some of the wealthiest people in recent history, with their name stretching back to the 1720s. Their power and wealth are reflected in the numerous important landmarks in the New York area named after them. Notable family members include many generations of John Jacob Astor, including one who perished on the Titanic.
Was they murdered for stepping out of line from the Cabal? We'll never know.
Bundy Family
The Bundy family has extensive ties to American politics and government, with several prominent members involved in the Skull and Bones fraternity. Harvey Hollister Bundy and their two sons, William and McGeorge, all had key roles in hugely important Illuminati fronts and projects. These include the Manhattan Project, the CIA, matters of national security, private law, and the (Illuminati-founded) Council on Foreign Relations.
Collins Family
This is one of the more secretive families of the Illuminati bloodline. Little is known about their genealogy or history, but it's suspected that they wield enormous power within the Cabal, with extensive connections to New England Satanists, meaning they are key to the Cabal's Satanic rituals and worship.
Possible members include astronaut Michael Collins and actor Joan Collins.
DuPont Family
One of the key families of American industry, the DuPont (or Dupont, or Du Pont) family traces its lineage back to Paris in the mid 1700s. They have massive industrial, real estate, and commercial holdings in the east, particularly in Delaware. Many members also have connections to Freemasonry and various Illuminati front groups like the Bilderbergs and the Trilateral Commission.
Freeman Family
Freeman is another one of the more mysterious and shadowy Illuminati bloodlines. Speculation is that they're heavily involved in the Priory of Sion, a French fraternal organization with a mysterious (and probably made up) history. There also numerous Freeman's involved in the Self Help movement, an offshoot of New Age, which is heavily in the pockets of Satanists.
Kennedy Family
An American political dynasty stretching back generations, the Kennedy name carries with it wealth, power, and privilege. Several held key positions of power in the government, including John F. Kennedy, an Illuminati-controlled president. They also have a history of getting on the wrong side of the Illuminati. Several of Joseph Kennedy's children, Joseph Jr., John, and Robert, all met tragic ends under mysterious circumstances. Their power has waned slightly in recent years, but they're still said to hold enormous influence in the Cabal.
Li Family
Li is one of the most common last names in China, so it's hard to find reliable information about this particular bloodline. But it's thought that China will play a major role in the coming Illuminati New World Order takeover, using its vast population as shock troops, and cashing in the debt the country holds from the U.S. Specifically, Li Peng was a key prime minister in the Westernization of China, and other Li's in China and Hong Kong hold vast fortunes in real estate and manufacturing.
Onassis Family
The lords of Greek shipping, Onassis represents a key European link to the ancient Illuminati rites. Onassis vessels are hugely important in the transit of cargo around the world, giving the Illuminati power over what goes where and when. Top Onassis members, relatives of family patriarch (and Jackie Kennedy's second husband) Aristotle Onassis, hold key positions in many Illuminati front groups. They also have connections to other wealthy families and are said to be influential Satanists.
Reynolds Family
Another of the more secretive Illuminati families, the Reynolds line has massive holdings in tobacco through the RJ Reynolds Company, addicting millions of Americans to powerful drugs, with the government allowing them to operate freely. As American royalty, the Reynolds family has numerous high-ranking Freemason members, many philanthropic connections (with all money allegedly given to Illuminati front groups), as well as links to the Occult and Satanism.
Rockefeller Family
One of the most powerful families in the world, the Rockefellers have extreme wealth and power. Beyond their holdings in real estate and industry, as well as their political connections, the Rockefellers have given large amounts of money to religious organizations, which are alleged by Illuminati watchers to actually be training grounds for Satanists.
They were also instrumental in forming key Illuminati front groups like the Council on Foreign Relations.
Rothschild Family
(Full disclosure: I am not related to this family. Or am I??)
When you research Illuminati conspiracies, one name continues to come up over and over: Rothschild. The sons of Mayer Amschel Rothschild established family banks in five key European countries, where they are said to have amassed enormous wealth by starting wars and selling weapons to both sides. It's alleged that even now, Rothschild-controlled politicians make their decisions based on what's good for the family, not the people.
Russell Family
Christian restorationist minister Charles T. Russell played a key role in founding the “Bible Student” movement, from which numerous religious groups emerged, chiefly the Jehovah's Witnesses. It's thought by Illuminati watchers that these groups are actually fronts for Satanism, funneling members to be used as Illuminati cannon fodder.
Other Russells have held leadership positions in Skull and Bones, the Masons, and the U.S. Government.
Van Duyn Family
One of the least well known Illuminati bloodlines, this family has connections to the founding of New York City as well as being one of the many prominent Dutch families in early America. They are said to have links to the fabric of the U.S. government, the wealth and power of Western Europe, and black ops mind control projects carried out in extreme secrecy.
Little of this has been confirmed, but it's out there, if you know how to do your research.
This Article Was Originally Published In Ranker
The anonymous sources are at it again and the Washington Post has the scoop:
Jared Kushner and Russia's ambassador to Washington discussed the possibility of setting up a secret and secure communications channel between Trump's transition team and the Kremlin, using Russian diplomatic facilities in an apparent move to shield their pre-inauguration discussions from monitoring, according to U.S. officials briefed on intelligence reports. Ambassador Sergey Kislyak reported to their superiors in Moscow that Kushner, son-in-law and confidant to then-President-elect Trump, made the proposal during a meeting on Dec. 1 or 2 at Trump Tower, according to intercepts of Russian communications that were reviewed by U.S. officials. Kislyak said Kushner suggested using Russian diplomatic facilities in the United States for the communications. The meeting also was attended by Michael Flynn, Trump's first national security adviser.
Dun dun dunnnnnnnnnn!
The White House disclosed the meeting only in March, playing down its significance. But people familiar with the matter say the FBI now considers the encounter, as well as another meeting Kushner had with a Russian banker, to be of investigative interest.
The FBI under Comey also thought the Russian hookers peeing on Trump 4chan fanfiction was a story of “investigative interest” too.
Kislyak reportedly was taken aback by the suggestion of allowing an American to use Russian communications gear at its embassy or consulate — a proposal that would have carried security risks for Moscow as well as the Trump team. Neither the meeting nor the communications of Americans involved were under U.S. surveillance, officials said.
Susan Rice received unmasked reports of Trump and their team's communications, there should be no doubt that they were under surveillance, using Russian communications as a reason for the surveillance. This was done repeatedly over the 2016 campaign. GHCQ was also brought into the fray when they were discovered to have also wiretapped the Trump team.
The White House declined to comment. Robert Kelner, a lawyer for Flynn, declined to comment. The Russian Embassy did not respond to requests for comment. Russia at times feeds false information into communication streams it suspects are monitored as a way of sowing misinformation and confusion among U.S. analysts. But officials said that it's unclear what Kislyak would have had to gain by falsely characterizing their contacts with Kushner to Moscow, particularly at a time when the Kremlin still saw the prospect of dramatically improved relations with Trump. Kushner's apparent interest in establishing a secret channel with Moscow, rather than relying on U.S. government systems, has added to the intrigue surrounding the Trump administration's relationship with Russia. To some officials, it also reflects a staggering naivete.
There is no “naivete” here. They knew they were being wiretapped and the government under Obama is populated by a massive amount of true believing social justice warrior Democrats who believe in the cause over their country.
But the bolded sentence should be looked at closely. Let's assume that there might be some real concern that Trump and Russia were actually connected/colluding/hacking/whatever and not just a stupid ploy to try to overturn the last election that the Democrats lost.
If the Russians feed false information into their communications all the time, has the United States spent the last six months investigating Trump-Russia connections because of Russia trolling the communications streams coming from their people in the United States? What an unimaginable waste of time.
The FBI closely monitors the communications of Russian officials in the United States, and it maintains a nearly constant surveillance of its diplomatic facilities. The National Security Agency monitors the communications of Russian officials overseas. Current and former U.S. intelligence officials said that although Russian diplomats have secure means of communicating with Moscow, Kushner's apparent request for access to such channels was extraordinary. “How would they trust that the Russians wouldn't leak it on their side?” said one former senior intelligence official. The FBI would know that a Trump transition official was going in and out of the embassy, which would cause “a great deal” of concern, they added. The entire idea, they said, “seems extremely naive or absolutely crazy.”
More anonymous (read Obama administration) officials leaking their “concerns” to the press. What is interesting is that the FBI has wiretapped all outgoing communications of Russian officials in the United States.
If the Trump team knew this and knew of Comey's proclivities for the Clintons, no wonder they were trying to allegedly secure discrete channels with Russia. Any sane person would, since the content of the meetings and communication would have been leaked as soon as the meetings were ended.
It is common for senior advisers of a newly elected president to be in contact with foreign leaders and officials. But new administrations are generally cautious in their handling of interactions with Moscow, which U.S. intelligence agencies have accused of waging an unprecedented campaign to interfere in last year's presidential race and help elect Trump.
There you have it. We can't ever have a reset with Russian relations because the xenophobic media and Democrats cannot think of ever working with Russia.
Except the Cold War is over:
Romney & Obama on Russia during the 2012 Presidential Debate Obama: When your were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said ‘Russia,' not Al Qaeda, you said ‘Russia.' The nineteen eighties are now calling to ask for their foreign-policy back, because the cold war has been over for twenty years. Romney: Russia – I indicated is a geopolitical foe (Obama interrupts) Excuse me.
We should have a reset in relations with Russia:
Obama administration officials say members of the Trump transition team never approached them about arranging a secure communications channel with their Russian contacts, possibly because of concerns about leaks.
Ya don't say?!
The new Living Wage rate was announced today. I've written a bit about the Living Wage already. If it's private, it's probably not a big deal, although it could still lead to unemployment. I suspect it's done by big firms that don't have many low-skilled workers as a PR move but I quite like PR moves that involve paying low skilled people more. And I worry that people will generalize from those big firms to assume that the whole market could bear a mandatory Living Wage, which is almost certainly untrue and would be very harmful to many of the people it's supposed to help. What's more interesting is the problem of low pay in general. Even though unemployment has fallen a lot in recent years in the UK, real wages have barely risen at all. Even as wages do begin to rise on average, it's possible that wages for low skilled workers may not as jobs for them are outsourced to cheaper countries. The ASI has proposed raising the personal allowance (including National Insurance threshold) to the minimum wage rate, but this doesn't do much good for part-time workers or currently-unemployed people who would earn below the minimum wage if we scrapped that, as I think we should.
So low pay may be a problem without any clear solution, for which most popular ‘solutions' don't actually work.
But there may be a fix that does work – a Negative Income Tax or a Basic Income. As I've written before these are actually very similar even though one is almost exclusively supported by right-wingers and the other almost exclusively by left-wingers. As ever in politics, we're speaking different languages.
A Negative Income Tax is a form of income top-up that only looks at an individual's income, not whether they are in work or not, and tops that income up automatically if they are earning less than a given amount. The extra money is withdrawn at a tapered rate, so that for every pound you earn from work, you lose (say) fifty pence in top-up, ensuring that workers always have a clear incentive to demand higher wages, and that work always pays more than joblessness for unemployed people.
This would replace lots of existing working age benefits, including Jobseekers' Allowance, council tax relief, the Employment and Support Allowance and tax credits. You could probably implement a decent one without increasing total expenditure. The exact rates can be determined by running trials across the country.
A Negative Income Tax like this would almost certainly be a boon to people on low pay, and would avoid most of the problems that minimum wages and current welfare schemes face.
Indeed the main objection may simply be that it is redistributive. That's where I break with many of my fellow libertarians – I want free markets because they make poor people's lives better, and I am OK with redistribution if it's done in a market-friendly way that makes poor people's lives better too. If this sounds surprising, remember that this puts me in the same boat as Milton Friedman (who campaigned for a Negative Income Tax) and FA Hayek, and indeed in the same utilitarian philosophical camp as Ludwig von Mises.
I suspect low pay will continue to be a problem for many years, maybe becoming even worse as automation renders some people permanently unemployable. It is necessary but not sufficient to simply rebut other people's bad ideas.
In the Negative Income Tax we have a policy that can actually go a big way to solving the problem, and hopefully replace some of the harmful policies we have right now. Rhetorically, I think we free marketeers need more positive solutions to policy problems, and if we could get over our squeamishness about endorsing certain forms of 'good' redistribution, we may be able to surprise people into listening to and maybe even agreeing with us. If low pay is indeed the long-term problem that it seems to be, the Negative Income Tax's time may finally have come.
2017's unending parade of major companies and web destinations suffering through major breaches of user information has not slowed down. Image-sharing site Imgur revealed it had been hacked several years ago this week, with the details of approximately 1.7 million accounts lost in 2014 to hackers who have not been identified.
Per ZDNet, this hack may be less of a reason for concern for many of the users involved as Imgur only collects email addresses and passwords, rather than any other personally identifiable information like physical addresses, phone numbers or credit card data. In a blog post on Friday, the company said it was “still actively investigating the incident,” but it had determined that its database “may have been cracked with brute force due to an older hashing algorithm (SHA-256) that was used at the time.”
Advertisement
Imgur says it subsequently updated their database to use the the newer bcrypt algorithm, which is significantly harder to break, in 2016.
In particular, users who use the same password on multiple sites (which is probably most people) or those who uploaded personally identifiable content to Imgur—like, say, anyone who may have uploaded nude photos of themselves for distribution on Reddit—should be interested in changing their passwords. Still, this is much less devastating than some of the very serious hacks to occur recently, like the leak of over 145 million Americans' personal information from credit rating agency Equifax, or a major Uber data breach that the company covered up by allegedly paying the hackers $100,000.
The breach was originally discovered by data researcher Troy Hunt, who runs the user-notification service Have I Been Pwned; the majority of the passwords were already in their database of compromised accounts.
Advertisement
Hunt told ZDNet that they had been sent the stolen data by another source and notified the company on Thursday. By Friday, Imgur had already publicly disclosed the breach.
“I disclosed this incident to Imgur late in the day in the midst of the U.S. Thanksgiving holidays,” Hunt told the site. “That they could pick this up immediately, protect impacted accounts, notify individuals and prepare public statements in less than 24 hours is absolutely exemplary.”
[ZDNet]
Counterterrorism officials in FBI headquarters slowed an investigation into a possible conspirator in the 2005 London bombings by forcing a field agent to return documents acquired from a U.S. university. Why? Because the agent received the documents through a lawful subpoena, while headquarters wanted them to demand the records under the USA Patriot Act, using a power the FBI did not have, but desperately wanted.
At this July 27, 2005 hearing, FBI Director Robert Mueller pushed the Senate Judiciary Committee to give FBI agents expanded spying powers. .
AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta When a North Carolina State University lawyer correctly rejected the second records demand, the FBI obtained another subpoena. Two weeks later, the delay was cited by FBI director Robert Mueller in congressional testimony as proof that the USA Patriot Act needed to be expanded.
The strange episode is recounted in newly declassified documents obtained by the Electronic Frontier Foundation under the Freedom of Information Act. The documents shed new light on how senior FBI officials' determination to gain independence from judicial oversight slowed its own investigation, and led the bureau's director to offer inaccurate testimony to Congress. The revelations are likely to play a key role in Capitol Hill hearings Tuesday and Wednesday on the FBI's use of so-called national security letters, or NSLs
At issue is the FBI's probe of a former chemistry graduate student at North Carolina State University who was then suspected aiding the deadly attack. The student has since been cleared of any involvement.
The agent investigating the student in the Charlotte, North Carolina field office obtained a grand jury subpoena demanding some university records on the student. But they were then advised by superiors in Washington DC to return the papers and draft an NSL demanding the documents instead.
Under the USA Patriot Act, FBI counterterrorism investigators can self-issue such letters to get phone records, portions of credit reports and bank records, simply by certifying that the records are relevant to an investigation. Unlike subpoenas, NSLs do not require probable cause, and at the time obliged the recipient to not discuss the demand with anyone, ever. In contrast, gag orders attached to grand jury subpoenas have expiration dates.
FBI agents have relied heavily on the power, issuing more than 100,000 NSLs in 2004 and 2005 combined. The first audit of the FBI's use of the power found the agents became sloppy in their use of the power and one HQ office went rogue and issued hundreds of fake emergency requests for phone records.
The problem in the bombing case: the NSL demanded the university's health records on the student. Even under the USA Patriot Act, which greatly expanded the NSL's reach, university records and health records are exempt, making the order from headquarters a sure-fire path to delay.
The FBI even has sample letters for each of the 11 kinds of records NSL can be used to obtain. To comply with the demand from Washington, the Charlotte agent had to modify a sample letter intended for internet records.
The university, which had readily turned over the records in response to a subpoena, rejected the illegal NSL. Two weeks later, Mueller, testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee, portrayed the university as intransigent and said the incident showed the FBI needed the power to force the turnover of all sorts of records without having to involve the court system.
"Now in my mind, we should not, in that circumstance have to show somebody that this was an emergency," Mueller testified on July 27, 2005. "We should've been able to have a document, an administrative subpoena that we took to the university and got those records immediately."
Some of the declassified documents suggest that Mueller was themselves misled by underlings, and wasn't told that the records had already been turned over in response to a subpoena.
Additionally, no one reported the overreaching subpoena to the Intelligence Oversight Board until 2007, when the Inspector General started asking questions. Oversight rules require officials to report any possible violations within 14 days.
This week, the House and Senate Judiciary committees are holding new hearings on NSLs. Over the past two years, the Justice Department's Inspector General has issued two damning reports on the agency's sloppiness in using the letters. Additionally, several courts have struck down some aspects of the NSLs as unconstitutional, and reports have surfaced that intelligence and military units are using them for domestic investigations.
Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-New York) has introduced legislation to rein in the use of national security letters, and provide penalties for abuses.
UPDATE: FBI General Counsel Valerie Caproni responded to questions about the incident from Rep. Nadler in a hearing Tuesday, essentially saying it wasn't a big deal since the FBI was entitled to the records, anyhow:
"I am not quite sure why the direction was give to issue an NSL in that case," Caproni said. "As I look at what I believe they were seeking from the university, an NSL was not the way to go. It's unclear why HQ chose the wrong tool."
See Also:
Over the years, more and more people have been turning to West Coast Express to get around in Metro Vancouver. In fact, average ridership has doubled since its launch in 1995 and its growth doesn't appear to be stopping!
For West Coast Express that means finding new and creative ways to let riders, who may not be used to commuting via train or familiar with station and platform protocol, know about the dangers of not following safety warnings.
The challenge, though, is that most safety messages lack the ability to engage and often simply blend into the woodwork. As a result, they don't have the desired effect for changing people's perceptions or habits.
That's why West Coast Express has developed new experimental materials for its annual Yellow Line Campaign to raise awareness about standing too close to the platform edge!
A series of posters were rolled out in 2013 at the station's platforms asking people to stand as far back from the Yellow Line as you would stand from a guy with garlic breath.
The campaign returned and was kicked up a notch earlier this month!
Rather than using traditional print signage, a series of “About as far back as…” pay-off lines were chalk-sprayed underneath existing ‘Stand Back From The Yellow Line' messaging on the platforms.
These pay-off lines were crowdsourced from West Coast Express riders and were updated on a weekly basis – creating a level of anticipation amongst the riders since some of the lines were created by them.
The real key is that in order for the people on the platform to be able to read the pay-off lines (printed on the pavement), they'd have to stand back so that they aren't stepping on the printed lines. As a result, they'd actually be standing further back from the Yellow Line!
This five-week campaign started on July 7 and was developed with five different lines to be used. Each week, a new line appears at a station and will culminate with a final line that isn't a joke, but a sobering reminder of the realistic dangers from standing too close to the platform edge.
So far, the pay-off lines that have been released are:
As far back as you'd stand from the guy doing the robot with no music playing.
As far back as you'd stand from the guy wearing a speedo.
As far back as you'd stand from the boss before their morning coffee.
There are still two more lines to be released, so keep an eye out for them at West Coast Express stations!
What are your suggestions for a pay-off line? Let us know in the comments section below! No promises, but we might even feature some of the best ones!
Author: Allen Tung
Resident Evil: Unlimited
So, here it is, folks! The first part of the new comic, Resident Evil: Unlimited, which will be updated with five new pages every other Thursday starting today!
The year is 1998. Saving Private Ryan is getting rave reviews, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is bringing 3D gaming to new heights on the Nintendo 64, Kate Shindle is Ms. America, and President Bill Clinton has just made the most quoted statement of their career. But in the heart of the sleepy Midwestern town of Raccoon City, a group of psychopaths is holding the city's citizens in a grip of fear. Presumed cultists have begun murdering citizens around the city, apparently eating them alive and then feeding the remains to dogs and other unidentified animals. The local law enforcement has had no luck in tracking the killers down, and the people are starting to panic. Last week, the ninth victim was found in the Victory Lake district — near the circular river — in the Arklay Mountains. The Raccoon City Police Department has called in the Special Tactics and Rescue Service (S.T.A.R.S.) to investigate.
Bravo Team was sent in last night, but something has gone seriously wrong. Now Alpha Team has been sent in to investigate. And so begins the long night of July 24th, 1998…
ALPHA TEAM STATUS
BRAVO TEAM STATUS
You can now view Chapter 1-2! Click HERE!
by Jill Ettinger
Claiming that the continent of Africa is to this century what North America was to the 19th, U2 frontman Bono has become one of the biggest supporters of the recently announced G8 initiative that's sending $22 billion dollars in aid, supplied mostly by multi-national corporate conglomerates, to “lift Africa out of poverty” over the next ten years. One of the biggest tools being leveraged in this plan will be the use of controversial agricultural practices-mainly non-native genetically modified crops and the accompanying fertilizers and pesticides-under the moniker The New Alliance for Food Security and Nutrition. Companies that have pledged their dollars and support through NAFSN include: DuPont, Monsanto, Cargill, Syngenta, Kraft, and Unilever. According to the White House, the G8's announcement of NAFSN represents the “next phase of our shared commitment to achieving global food security.” Under the guise of working with Africa's leaders to develop transparent “country-regulated” policies for food security, in their G8 speech, their ONE organization's blog, their interview with MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell, and in an article they wrote for TIME magazine aptly titled “The Resource Miracle,” Bono repeatedly and not-so-subtly hints to the wealth of minerals laying just underneath the feet of Africans.
In their speech at the G8 summit held in May in Chicago, Bono jokingly refers to the African continent as “richer than rich; like 19th century America with elephants,” adding that “the continent that contains the most poverty also contains the most wealth.” Be that precious metals, gems or even (god help us) more oil-the message is a simple one to decode: Feed Africans and they will make you lots of money. (Besides, the Chinese are already over there doing it.)
Wal-mart, says Bono, has already invested more than $2 billion in development in Africa. And while they consistently avoid talking specifically about the plans NAFSN has to tackle the poverty issue, they do say the efforts are “way, way smarter” due to “the advances in science and technology.” One only need to look at the companies funding the plan to read between the lines.
African countries have slowly begun opening the door to genetic modification in recent years. Just 40 years ago, African nations exported more than 1 million tons of food, but now, due to drought, war and famine, the continent must import more than 25 percent of its food supplies. And once staunchly resistant to the technology, countries including Kenya and South Africa now permit GMOs to help tackle their poverty and starvation issues. The multinational biotech companies, of course, see dollar signs all over the continent-not just in being able to sell peasant farmers patented gene technology and companion products-but also in the many resources Bono speaks to: Sixty percent of Africa is arable land, which could make it one of the premier biotech testing grounds in the world. What lies underneath the soil-the metals, minerals and oil-all have uses for the industry as well, from petroleum-based fertilizers to pesticide development and fuel for the trucks that transport and spray them.
If history is any indicator, what has happened to other areas of the developing world when genetically modified organisms are introduced as a means to sidestepping poverty, malnutrition and disease is no miracle. Hundreds of thousands of Indian cotton farmers have (and continue to) commit suicide because of failure to meet crop yield expectations and therefore failing to pay Monsanto and Bayer CropScience for what is, effectively, a highly faulty product.
More than 5 million Brazilian farmers are currently in the midst of a lawsuit tangle with Monsanto over unrealistic royalty expectations on crops, including genetically modified soy and corn, which have quickly outpaced the growth of non-GMO crops in the South American country, but at a cost the farmers claim was misrepresented and unrealistic. Not to mention that the rapid growth of GMOs in Brazil have been intrinsically linked with irreparable destruction of the Amazon rainforest and the vital species and cultures that have thrived in the world's most important ecosystem since it first sprouted eons ago.
Hybrid Monsanto seeds given to post-earthquake Haiti failed to produce crops and led to uprisings in the streets with protestors burning the faulty Monsanto seeds. Even here on American soil, farmers repeatedly find themselves struggling to meet yield expectations, battling Monsanto lawsuits over seed-saving or patent infringement if crops drift from neighboring farms, all while pests and weeds become more and more resistant to the harmful pesticides that the farmers were told they'd be able to decrease use of over time.
Over the last three decades, Bono has built a reputation as a humanitarian, an environmentalist, and a responsible artist. They helped build the ONE organization, which according to their website, is “a grassroots advocacy and campaigning organization that fights extreme poverty and preventable disease, particularly in Africa.” They and their wife were pioneers in environmentally-friendly clothing (Edun) that encourages ethical trade in Africa, and even their band's music has come to overtly encourage listeners to live compassionate, authentic, and joyful lives-overcoming personal and global transgressions together.
Intending to combat the extreme conditions in Africa-drought, blights, poor soil quality, etc-the NAFSN roster of corporations continually make claims that GMO crops can handle these very issues, when similar circumstances repeatedly prove otherwise. This is why it's most confusing that Bono would be so vocal about supporting such controversial agricultural methods. When the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced support of biotechnology, it was disheartening, yes, but almost expected. The Microsoft guru is known for glitchy software and a generally geeky level of oversight.
But Bono was once the voice for the counterculture. They encouraged rising against the forces-political or corporate-that won't ever really take anyone's best interest to heart, no matter what kind of pandering they do. So why isn't they supporting organic farming and the further development of empowering community models like Fair Trade-both of which have shown tremendously effective and long-lasting results-instead of faulty, toxic and greedy mechanisms like genetically modified crops?
In their TIME article, Bono writes, “If I've learned anything in more than 25 years of making noise about this stuff, it's that partnership trumps paternalism,” but that's exactly what he's supporting: a paternalistic corporate-political blunderbuss of misinformation and misguided intentions. Bono once asked the anthemic question, “How long must we sing this song?” Longer still, it seems…longer still.
Resources http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,2115044,00.html#ixzz1v9…
http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=New_Alliance_for_Food_Securit…
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/05/18/fact-sheet-g-8-act…
http://firstread.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/05/18/11758704-u2s-bono-talks-…
http://www.one.org/international/blog/bono-addresses-global-leaders-on-h…
Sources:
Reality Sandwich
Picture
(CNN) The Texas Senate on Monday moved the State one step closer to allowing gun owners to openly carry handguns.
Gun owners in Texas can already openly carry rifles like the AR-15 in public and can obtain a license to carry a concealed handgun. But on Monday the state Senate approved a bill to allow gun owners to carry handguns openly with a license.
The bill, which passed the Senate on a party line vote, will become law once it clears the state's GOP-led House and gets a signature from Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican.
Abbott has said they plan to sign the legislation once it reaches their desk.
Texas would join the 44 states that allow the open carry of handguns -- only 14 of which require a permit -- on Jan. 1, 2016.
Read More
Emirates
Love it or hate it -- cell phone use is now making its way onto airplanes while in flight.
According to All Things D, the Dubai-based airline carrier Emirates is now allowing its A380 aircraft passengers to chat on their mobile devices while in the air. The first call was made last week by using the airline's Wi-Fi service called OnAir.
Emirates is known as a tech savvy airline. In 2006, it announced that it would start letting passengers use cell phones during flights, along with e-mail and text messaging. At the time, the technology to make this happen was fairly clunky because cellular signals had to be operated through a satellite system. Presumably, using OnAir's technology now makes cell phone use a bit more seamless.
"Beginning in 1993 with first passenger satellite phone service to last year with our A380 Wi-Fi system, Emirates has always taken the approach that providing the latest in in-flight service and connectivity is a key part of our passengers' journey," Emirates vice president Patrick Brannelly said in a statement, according to All Things D. "Emirates continues to invest in the most innovative technology possible and promises to keep pushing the boundaries of the in-flight innovation for the benefit of our passengers."
While allowing cell phones on airplanes is indeed cutting edge, passengers will not be able to use their phones within 250 miles of the U.S. The country's Federal Aviation Administration mandates that cell phone use is not allowed on flights.
Besides Emirates, Australia's Quantas has also allowed in-flight texting and e-mailing but not cell phone talking. Recently, the makers of the Boeing 747-8 said they were preparing their "Dreamliner" for cell phone use as early as 2013 -- it will still be subject to FAA rules, however.
The FAA remains strict on yakking during flights, but it's looking to become more lax on letting passengers keep their electronic devices on during take-off and landing. In August, U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said, "With so many different types of devices available, we recognize that this is an issue of consumer interest."
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Many European Central Bank policymakers are sceptical about the need for further policy action in the near term, conversations with five of them indicate, even as inflation expectations sink and some investors bank on more easing.
European Union (EU) flags fly in front of the European Central Bank (ECB) headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany, December 3, 2015. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
Next week's rate meeting is expected to be relatively uneventful with the big test coming when the ECB releases its initial 2018 growth and inflation forecasts on March 10.
But even were these to decline, some of the central bankers who spoke to Reuters said the ECB should not respond immediately.
“We all hope ... that what we've done is enough,” said a swing member of the Governing Council. “Given the oil price volatility, even if the 2018 forecast is below target, we don't have to act.”
“The ECB has done its job, created the space with exceptional accommodation. Now it's time for others to do their job: fiscal policy, infrastructure investments, structural reforms,” said the rate setter, who runs a national central bank, and asked not to be named.
ECB President Mario Draghi disappointed markets with a smaller-than-expected package of measures in December, leaving some investors holding out hope they could take further steps as soon as March when the ECB reveals fresh economic forecasts.
Those investors anticipate pressure to act from a further deterioration in inflation, keeping the ECB well off course from reaching its goal of keeping prices ticking up by almost 2 percent annually.
Indeed, the 20 percent fall in oil prices since its December meeting alone would be enough to sink the ECB's inflation forecast with China, adding to the uncertainty.
But ECB rate setters who spoke to Reuters remain wary about taking further action in the coming months, even if that requires them to temporarily turn a blind eye to the impact of falling oil prices or the fact that inflation has been below the ECB's target for three years.
Even if some concede that more action will be needed at some point, they are keen to dampen market hopes, avoiding another disappointment after expectations soared too high in December, sending markets into a frenzy when the ECB disappointed.
“I think it's clear that more ECB action will have to come. But it's going to depend on the impact of the measures already taken and won't come very soon,” said a dovish member of the ECB's Governing Council, who asked not to be named. “Monetary policy is not credible if you change it every month. I think that in March we'll only start discussing what measures and when we still need to take,” said the policymaker, who heads one of the euro zone's 19 national central banks.
The ECB cut its deposit rate deeper into negative territory in December and extended its assets purchases by six months, hoping that more money printing would spur lending, economic activity and inflation.
Vice President Vitor Constancio, who has supported earlier policy loosening, recently said they preferred no change in the “foreseeable future”.
MARCH TEST
Although economic growth is improving while employment and lending steadily rise, inflation expectations are weakening, a dilemma for the bank.
Vitas Vasiliauskas who heads Lithuania's central bank noted that cheap oil has its benefits so the ECB should shift its focus on core inflation, which strips out volatile food and energy prices.
Their comments could be read as urging the ECB not to act as ‘core' inflation has been performing relatively well. “The low oil price helps the real economy,” they said. “I think monetary policy should rather concentrate on core inflation.” The ECB has looked past some oil price volatility in the past, arguing that monetary policy cannot counter such a shock but the impact of oil prices is being factored into the euro zone's long-term outlook. Indeed, the euro zone five-year, five-year breakeven forward rate, a key gauge of long-term inflation expectations, has been falling sharply since early December, standing at 1.62 percent, indicating waning confidence in the ECB's ability to boost inflation.
If this drifts too far off course, faith in Draghi's ability to lift the economy could fade, raising pressure to act. Deflation, one of the ECB's big fears, can suck an economy ever deeper into recession if consumers postpone buying in the hope that goods will be cheaper in the future. The knock-on effect of such behaviour can slowly strangle companies and is very difficult to reverse once it has taken hold. Still, Josef Bonnici, who sits on the Governing Council, cautioned the oil price fall had negative as well as positive effects, such as boosting the purchasing power households. Such reluctance to take further action may mean that the disappointment seen in December may not be the last, despite efforts to temper expectations.
Here is the latest instalment of Steam's Hardware Survey , as usual we do our monthly thing and compare it and talk about it and make sure you know not to use it as a hard figure.Ubuntu 13.10 64 bit 0.25% -0.11%Ubuntu 14.04 LTS 64 bit 0.22% +0.22%Ubuntu 12.04.4 LTS 64 bit 0.12% -0.03%Linux Mint 16 Petra 64 bit 0.09% -0.01%Linux 3.10 64 bit 0.09% 0.00%Ubuntu 13.10 0.05% -0.02%: Linux 1.26% +0.06%We already know Steam's stats system is a bit odd, sometimes things just don't add up. It's clear Steam is hiding plenty of distro's since the ones they show don't add up to the full figure they give, not even close to it.It's interesting to see it actually have a positive increase, although it's so low it can be a stat error of course, but it's pleasing to see it even that low.It will be very interesting to see SteamOS as a distribution in the list and to see how popular it is against the other distros, but we have many months before that happens if they decide to show it there at all.The Other category has gone and that contained a few of the lesser represented Linux distro's like Fedora, Gentoo and Arch for example. It has been reported by a few that Arch may show up in Linux 64bit. Ideally we need Steam to let us see more of them, especially now the stats page has a Linux only section they could do with listing many more distributions in it so that we can get a clearer picture.Distro-hoppers will mess up the statistics as well, Linux users are far more likely to switch between different distributions than say a Windows user due to how many we have.Just be aware these results will probably not be that accurate as we don't know how they do their percentage results, they could be rounding up, rounding down or truncating the percentages. So a 0.5% could actually be nearly 0.6% as it could be 0.59% but they could do no rounding and simply truncate it.Also it won't be every Steam user (not a full statistic), so it can be as simple as not actually showing the survey to many Linux people.Let's face it we know they don't survey 100% of their user base, only a small fraction of it, so bear that in mind as well.Lastly Linux users typically shy away from any form of DRM, so you can bet there is a large bunch of Linux users who just simply refuse to use Steam.Look at it this way, Steam has around 75 million active users, 1.26% of 75 million is about 945,000 people, nearly a million. What developer wouldn't want to hook into a market that big? We are still under-represented in my eyes.
(CNN) All the signs suggest that 2018 is going to be a very good year for Democrats.
Midterm elections are historically terrible for the president's party. In 18 of the last 20 midterm elections, the president's party has lost seats. In those 18 elections, the average seat loss is 33. Those numbers are even more daunting for presidents under 50% job approval -- as Donald Trump is right now. Since 1946, the average seat loss in the House in that situation is 36 seats
States up for re-election -- Blue: Democratic. Red: Republican. Yellow: Independent.
But before Democrats get too delirious about the election to come, they should read this paragraph from David Wasserman's terrific analysis of the 2018 election on FiveThirtyEight
"Even if Democrats were to win every single 2018 House and Senate race for seats representing places that Hillary Clinton won or that Trump won by less than 3 percentage points — a pretty good midterm by historical standards — they could still fall short of the House majority and lose five Senate seats."
That's absolutely stunning. And reflective of the advantages Republicans have going into 2018 -- one, in the House, built on having largely controlled the 2010 redistricting process, and the other, in the Senate, based on how great the 2006 and 2012 elections were for Democrats.
Read More
Atria, collects, manages and documents the cultural heritage of women from around the world in past and present.
The Atlas van Stolk is a collection of prints, drawings, photographs and posters pertaining to the history of the Netherlands.
The Netherlands National Press Agency (ANP) founded the ANP Foundation in 2008 to make its historical archive publicly accessible.
The Amsterdam Pipe Museum (formerly known as Pijpenkabinet) displays pipes as works of art, embodying the global culture of smoking over 25 centuries. The museum is also the international knowledge center for pipes.
The Amsterdam Museum aims at opening up and keeping alive the history of Amsterdam to as large an audience as possible.
The Dutch Poster Museum Hoorn was established in 2003 and manages a collection of approximately 32,000 posters, the majority of which are post-war posters.
The British Library is the national library of the United Kingdom, its collection holding over 150 million items in all known languages and formats.
The Special Collections department of the University of Amsterdam keeps the heritage collections of the University Library. The collections consist of old and / or precious and rare books, prints and manuscripts.
Manuscripts, old and special prints, illustrations, drawings, photos, maps and charts and archives; often unique material from all corners of the world.
The Rotterdam Library includes the Central Library and 23 branches, annually attracting approximately 3.4 million visitors.
The objective of the Tax and Customs Museum is to arouse more interest in the history of taxes and customs by collecting, conservinga nd presenting related material.
The oldest municipal museum of the Netherlands possesses extensive and valuable collections of old, modern and applied art.
The Centraal Bureau voor Genealogie (CBG) is a major information centre for genealogy, family history and heraldry, with an international reputation.
The 'Directie der Oostersche Handel en Reederijen' promotes activities concerning maritime history, preferably activities that increase knowledge about the Dutch Baltic trade.
DBNL is the website of the Stichting Digitale Bibliotheek voor de Nederlandse Letteren (Digital Library of Dutch Literature Foundation).
The goal of the EYE Film Institute Netherlands is advancing film culture by building up a collection, presentations, advertising, research, education and knowledge transfer.
The Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sports' War Heritage subsidy program was designed as a financial stimulus to preserve important material from and about World War II and to promote the use of this material.
Erfgoed Leiden en Omstreken is a centre for historic research, education and information on behalf of everyone who wishes to learn more about the city of Leiden, the neighbouring municipalities and/or their inhabitants.
The Frans Hals museum boasts the largest collection of paintings by Frans Hals in the world.
The Prison Museum offers visitors an insight into Dutch criminal laws and their enforcement dating back to 1600. The museum is located in a building of the former penal colony Justitiedorp (Justice Village) at Veenhuizen, giving it an extra dimension.
Gemeentemuseum Den Haag owns a large collection of modern art and collections covering disciplines such as fashion, music and arts & crafts.
The Geldmuseum was a museum about money.
Besides the archival tasks required by law, the HCO's main goal is to make the cultural heritage in its archives available to a large public and to publicise it.
The IISG in Amsterdam is one of the largest documentation and research centres for social history in the world.
The Jewish Historical Museum in Amsterdam is the only museum in the Netherlands about Jewish history, religion and culture.
The Koninklijke Bibliotheek (KB) is the National Library of the Netherlands: its mission is to bring people and information together. The KB plans to digitize all Dutch books, newspapers and journals in the years to come.
Preserved for the Netherlands since 1858. Various kinds of Dutch objects of historical and cultural significance.
The KITLV (the acronym for Koninklijk Instituut voor Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde) is a leading centre for the study of the cultural and social sciences of Indonesia, Surinam, the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba.
The Catholic Documentation Centre (KDC) preserves, collects and makes accessible documentation on catholic life in the Netherlands from the beginning of the nineteenth century up to the present day.
The Linschoten Vereeniging is an association devoted to the publication of (rare) historic travel reports.
The Library of Congress is the national library of the United States and the research arm of the United States Congress.
The Literary Museum administers the records and collections of some 6,000 Dutch language writers and publishing houses and puts on exhibitions.
The Museum voor Communicatie (Postal Museum) in The Hague administers a very extensive collection in the field of postal services, philately and telecommunication.
The Ethnographic Museum's collections include exceptional objects, photographs and other material originating from non-Western civilizations.
Since 1958, Museum Speelklok (Museum Musical Clock) presents its collection of automatic musical instruments in continuous tours with hourly demonstrations.
MOA Museum Oud Amelisweerd preserves, administers and exhibits three unique collections: a historical estate, the Armando Collection and the collection Chinese wallpapers.
Museum Maluku (Moluccan Historical Museum) is a 'living monument' that provides an image of the history of the Moluccan community in the Netherlands.
Museum Catharijneconvent in Utrecht is the national museum for Christian art and cultural history.
The Boijmans Van Beuningen Museum offers an extremely varied collection of artworks. Wandering from gallery to gallery, the visitor travels through the history of art, starting in the Middle Ages and ending in our time.
Museon in The Hague holds collections in fields ranging from natural history and technology to archaeology, history and cultural anthropology.
The Multatuli House has been the main centre for written and printed information on Multatuli since 1910.
The Meertens Instituut is a research institute that concerns itself with the documentation and study of the Dutch language and culture.
The Mauritshuis museum – a seventeenth-century mansion situated on the Hofvijver in The Hague – has housed since 1922 an important part of the paintings owned by the Dutch State.
Nationaal Archief The Nationaal Archief (The National Archive) preserves government records and the records of private individuals.
Nationaal Militair Museum The Army Museum in Delft shows the history of the army in the Netherlands. The museum also possesses a comprehensive library and a multimedia centre.
Nationaal Onderwijsmuseum In the educational field, the Nationaal Onderwijsmuseum (National Museum of Education) administers Europe's largest collection of educational material.
Naturalis Biodiversity Center The National Natural History Museum Naturalis in Leiden makes knowledge on nature, its great diversity and beauty, accessible to a wide audience.
Nederlands Archief Grafisch Ontwerpers The Dutch Graphic Designers Archives Foundation (Stichting Nederlands Archief Grafisch Ontwerpers-NAGO) was set up in 1992 with the objective of acquiring the archives of graphic designers of Dutch nationality or living in the Netherlands, preserving them and making them accessible.
Nederlands Architectuurinstituut, onderdeel van Het Nieuwe Instituut The Nederlands Architectuurinstituut - NAi (Netherlands Architecture Institute) compiles, administers and unlocks the archives and collections of Dutch architects, town planning experts, professional associations and educational programs from 1800 onward.
Nederlands Bureau voor Toerisme & Congressen The Netherlands Board of Tourism & Conventions (NBTC) is the leading marketing and promotion organisation of destination Holland.
Nederlands Centrum voor Autohistorische Documentatie The NCAD collects, manages and makes available books, magazines, photos and other documents on the history of automobiles in the broadest sense.
Nederlands Fotomuseum The Nederlands fotomuseum (Netherlands Museum for Photography) aims at making Dutch photography and its history easily accessible and at furthering people's interest in this cultural heritage.
Nederlands Instituut Beeld en Geluid The Nederlands Instituut voor Beeld en Geluid looks after, and releases, 70 per cent of the Dutch audio-visual heritage.
Nederlands Muziekinstituut The Netherlands Music Institute in The Hague is the national repository for music resource materials.
Nederlands Openluchtmuseum The Netherlands Open Air Museum in Arnhem is a national museum that features ordinary people's everyday life in the Netherlands.
Nederlands Tegelmuseum The Netherlands Tiles Museum illustrates how Dutch tiles have developed as an applied art form from the sixteenth century to the present day.
We weren't allowed to leave our home; the suited men were everywhere and kept insisting it was for our own safety. They wouldn't give us a hint about what was going on.
Being right across the street, I stayed glued to my front window. It was fascinating at first. Then interesting. Then tedious. Still, I felt like I had to keep watching. There was something going on in there and I needed to know what. Nothing on television gave any indication something was wrong. Our cell phones had no service. It was as if the signals were being blocked.
Toward the end of the first day, I'd started to feel a surprising amount of apprehension. My wife, too. It felt as if we were about to receive terrible news, despite not having any reason to.
Another hour passed as we moped around the front room, frequently glancing toward the window at the commotion across the street.
Around 8pm, the sound started. It was low but intense. We felt it in our stomachs and teeth. Everything in the house rattled. A portrait of Lucy and me on our wedding day fell off the wall, shattering the glass frame. Our dog, Pupper, yelped from their hiding place under the sofa.
Outside, hazmat-suited people poured from the neighbor's house. They huddled behind the trucks parked alongside the property line and waited.
The sound intensified. I could feel my teeth throbbing in their sockets and Pupper ran around in circles, barking and panicking. A vile smell filled the room. It had not been produced by any of us.
A red, miasmal cloud seeped from the doors and windows of the house across the street. I felt panic rising in my chest and instinctively brought my shirt up to cover my nose and mouth. My wife did the same. I picked up Pupper and carried them into the upstairs bathroom and placed them in the tub. It was their favorite place whenever they were scared, but I also hoped he'd be safer. The house shook like it had been hit by a truck. More objets fell from walls and cabinets.
Back downstairs, Lucy yelled, “you have to see this!” I galloped down the steps and pressed my face against the window.
A massive crack had formed in my neighbor's front yard. I couldn't tell how deep it was from where I was standing, but from the way the cops and hazmat guys approached it, I got the impression it was very deep indeed.
Beside me, Lucy slumped over. Before any concern or alarm could register, everything went dark.
Hours passed without either of us seeing or feeling anything.
Lucy was the first to wake up and the sound of their throwing up roused me soon after. I felt okay before opening my eyes, but the moment I did I felt overwhelming nausea. My head spun. The room spun. Everything spun. I slammed my hands over my eyes and the dizziness went away.
“Close your eyes,” I yelled to Lucy. Upstairs, I heard Pupper retching and whimpering.
Lucy sobbed and stumbled around blindly as I narrowed my eyes into slits and tried to see what lay behind the front window. There were shapes I recognized. The orange, hazmat-suited men walked around the crevasse and in and out of the neighbor's house.
The red mist that had poured from the windows and doors appeared to have congealed and fallen on the lawn and bushes and street. The men walked through it with some difficulty, as if it were tacky. The smell was still there, but less powerful.
All this was glimpsed through narrowed, bleary eyes. Nothing was sharp. Nothing was focused. Any attempt to properly resolve anything beyond the distance of my nose resulted in another bout of acute nausea. Behind my confusion – behind my churning stomach and roiling bowels – lurked a profound, primal fear. It was a feeling that there was something outside our home that didn't want to be seen.
Pupper cried from the room above us and Lucy crawled on their hands and knees up the stairs to try to comfort him. Outside, I heard shouting. Without thinking, I widened my eyes and tried to look. An astonishing wave of sickness swept through me and I collapsed to the ground, cradling my knees to my chest, as my stomach contents drooled from my mouth.
The shouts became frantic, but I was too weak to move. Colors shimmered before my eyelid-cloaked eyes and I yelled to Lucy and Pupper to stay upstairs. Lucy said okay. The floor vibrated as men outside screamed. The nausea returned even with my eyes shut and I gasped at the ferocity of it. A hideous, droning buzz filled the air. Again, my consciousness left me.
When I woke up, it was still light out. I shouted up to Lucy, and they muttered something. I heard them and Pupper starting to move around in the bathroom. With a great deal of trepidation, I opened my eyes. Nothing happened. I felt fine.
I lifted myself to my feet and looked around. The house was a mess – it looked as if there had been an earthquake. Books and magazines and dishes and glasses were strewn everywhere. Cold air poured out of the broken front window.
I looked outside and didn't quite understand what I was seeing at first. The gash in the ground had closed and now resembled an ugly scar. But my neighbor's house was gone. Simply gone. The street and yard were still covered in the unidentifiable, red substance.
Not a single person in a hazmat suit could be seen.
I checked my phone. For the first time all weekend, it had service. To my disbelief, it was already Monday. Whatever had happened on Sunday morning had knocked us out for 24 hours. I dialed 911. The operator told me, very pleasantly, that they had received calls from my neighbors and emergency services were on their way.
That part was true. The police, fire department, and ambulances arrived shortly after my call.
We were told on Tuesday that there had been a chemical spill. That a truck had taken a detour down our street and had, inexplicably, leaked. The substance “reacted with something the house and exploded” and “thankfully Mr. Davidson wasn't home or else they would have been killed.” I knew it was bullshit. All of us did. But we had no evidence to prove it was anything else.
The “spill” had been all but cleaned up by Wednesday. Lucy and I did our best to clean the house up and repair the damages. We still feel lingering effects of whatever had made us so sick. That smell still sits in the air as a reminder of what happened, whatever it was. We want to forget it all.
It's not easy, though.
It's not just the smell. It's the memories. It's the missing house. It's our poor Pupper, who hasn't been the same since. It's lots of things.
But most of all, it's the people who've showed up at night. People I've never seen before. People who, until they're physically threatened with violence by one of the neighbors, won't get out of the road or lawn across the street. People who congregate in circles and chant and yelp in dim candlelight. People who spend the hours dragging their tongues across the areas that'd been covered in the red slime.
Back to story index.
Producer Marty Adelstein ( Prison Break , Teen Wolf ), the producer for both the live-action Cowboy Bebop and One Piece projects, commented in Japanese regarding the One Piece adaptation on Friday:
I have been a fan of One Piece for 20 years. It is an honor to be entrusted with such an important work by Shueisha and Mr. Oda. I am enthusiastic to give my all to make One Piece succeed. I think this project could set a new record for the highest production cost in television drama history. The work's worldwide fame merits this scale of production.
Tomorrow Studios, a partnership between Adelstein and ITV Studios, is producing the Hollywood live-action television show adaptation of the manga.
Original creator Eiichiro Oda also commented regarding the live-action project on Friday, saying their condition for the project was that the project "will never betray the fans who have supported me for 20 years."
The One Piece manga centers on Monkey D. Luffy, an aspiring pirate who, like many other pirates, dream of claiming the legendary "One Piece" treasure left behind by a legendary pirate. They gather a crew and a ship and explores the Grand Line in search of the treasure, while also confronting rival pirates and government navies along the way.
Oda began serializing the manga in Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine on July 19, 1997, and Shueisha published the manga's 85th compiled book volume in Japan on May 2. As of April, the manga has 350 million copies in print in Japan, and 66 million copies in print outside of Japan, with publications in more than 30 countries. The manga set a world record in June 2015 for having 320,866,000 copies printed worldwide as of December 2014. The world record is for "The most copies published for the same comic book series by a single author."
Sources: Oricon News, The Japan Times (Kazuaki Nagata)
Skyrocketing university tuition and pricy unaccredited boot camps aren't helping to bring socioeconomic diversity to the field of UX. That's why I've compiled a list of completely free learning resources to top companies and universities such as University of Michigan, Georgia Institute of Technology, Facebook, University of California San Diego, Google, M.I.T, University of Minnesota and more.
Picture from Byronbaymanor
The field of user experience has gained significant popularity in recent years. While companies like FreeCodeCamp and 42 are offering free options for people to learn how to code, learning UX doesn't seem to have the same support network for self-motivated and driven individuals.
I often encounter discussions on UX forums and (sometimes heated) debates on UX education accessibility on my LinkedIn feed, with people asking how to get a quality education in this space if one does not have the funds for tuition. People looking to break into the field professionally often contemplate going to school for a UX related degree like Human Computer Interaction, Interaction Design, Psychology, or even taking (an often times unaccredited and pricy) boot camp. After reading an article by David Venturi on how they created their own affordable Data Science Master's program using online resources through platforms such as EdX, Coursera and Udacity to gain access to material from world class institutions such as Harvard, Stanford, M.I.T and Johns Hopkins University, I was inspired to create a similar framework for UX design.
I've curated this list of online courses and resources in hopes of helping people learn about human centred design for free and hopefully bring more socioeconomic diversity to the sector as a whole. While online and open source learning is by no means a replacement for mentorship and real world experience, these resources will hopefully give any aspiring UX professional an in-depth foundational education and help cultivate new skills. I've scoured the internet and compiled a list of interactive, engaging and top reviewed classes and material. Lifelong learning is a mind-set critical to any user experience professional and whether you are new to UX or are currently working in the field and looking to brush up your skills, I hope this list will be of value.
Using course ratings and reviews from Class Central as well as word of mouth feedback from senior UX practitioners and various industry community members in my network, I selected the best material from world class educational institutions and companies. I've also compiled a short list of reading materials, podcast resources and online UX group spaces to go with this online curriculum.
*Although some of the programs featured on this list do come with a price tag, I made sure to only feature courses in which you can apply for fast financial assistance and receive the course and credential for free, or audit all course material without having to pay.
“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.”
― Henry Ford
(Previously offered as the Human-Computer Interaction specialization at Stanford) This specialisation offers an engaging and immersive 8 course modules consisting of
· an introduction to Human-Centred Design
· introduction to design principles
· social computing
· input and interaction
· user experience: research & prototyping
· information design
· designing, running and analysing experiments
· design capstone project (details).
This program currently has a 4.3/5 rating on Class Central and is heavily cited on various UX community spaces such as UX Mastery Forum and the user experience sub Reddit as one of the best introductory courses to UX on the web. Having had the pleasure of taking this program when I was finishing my undergraduate HCI studies, I can't recommend it enough. Professor Scott Klemmer of UCSD eloquently and passionately weaves the theory and application of interaction design, cognitive psychology, user interface design and human-computer interaction seamlessly throughout all 8 courses, setting a foundation of knowledge for any aspiring UX'r.
Screenshot of the Social Computing course of the UCSD Interaction Design Specialization
Participants will learn about needfinding and observation techniques, how to carry out rapid prototyping, principles for effective interface design, and strategies for evaluating interfaces. A mixture of quizzes and peer reviewed assignments help reinforce learning as well as introduces learners to hands on practice.
In Autumn 2016 University of Michigan School of Information launched the UX Research & Design Micromasters in partnership with EdX. While this program is cited as costing $1041 USD for culmination of the credential certificate, all video content and quiz resources are completely free to access. This program consists of 9 courses
· Introduction to User Experience
· Principles for Designing for Humans
· Evaluating Designs for Humans
· UX Design from Concept to wireframe
· UX Design: From Wireframe to Prototype
· Understanding User Needs
· UX Research Surveys
· UX Research at scale: analytics and online experiments
· UX (user experience) Capstone project
Dave Wiens, executive director of the International Mountain Bicycling Association (IMBA), has responded to the organization's controversial stance on amending the Wilderness Act. In a blog posted on IMBA's website on Saturday, Wiens answered a list of common questions about IMBA's position. This comes after IMBA submitted testimony against H.R. 1349, a bill that would allow mountain bike access to Wilderness Areas. This decision—though not a surprise as IMBA has previously said it would not support the bill—ruffled many feathers in the mountain bike world.
The biggest question is: why? Wiens states that in the current political landscape, public lands are more at risk than ever. Think President Trump's recent directive to drastically shrink the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante national monuments in Utah. IMBA believes amending the Wilderness Act to offer more access is a step in the wrong direction when it comes to protection. IMBA further states that by delving into the matter of Wilderness access, the recreation and conservation communities are divided at a time when it is most important to work together.
Wiens points to IMBA's long-standing relationships with the U.S. Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management and the National Park Service, and says they don't want to jeopardize these relationships when working on Wilderness access. Wiens continues by saying that these relationships are the foundation of what IMBA has been able to achieve for mountain bike access. According to Wiens, these federal agencies have indicated they have no interest in amending the Wilderness Act. If these federal agencies no longer saw IMBA as a productive partner, Wiens says that could put access across the country at risk.
What about the joint statement put out by IMBA and the Sustainable Trails Coalition (STC) in 2016? Wiens reiterated that the statement did not sugarcoat that the two organizations have diverging goals. While crafting the testimony against H.R. 1349, Wiens and IMBA made sure to consult the joint statement and did not put forth any new information on IMBA's Wilderness stance that was not already in the statement made with STC. New information did come in the statement when referring to ‘Recommended Wilderness.'
IMBA has decided to put its efforts toward protecting existing access, which is currently at risk under the Recommended Wilderness Area (RWA) designation. Recommended Wilderness can be managed however the Forest Service sees fit, and management across the country is inconsistent. Most notably, in North Dakota, Montana and northern Idaho, RWAs are being managed as Wilderness, which has resulted in the loss of access to 800 miles of trails. Reporter Devon O'Neil investigated this extensively in our “Lines in the Dirt” series earlier this year. IMBA is focusing on protecting these already established trails for future access as opposed to focusing on changing the Wilderness Act.
The H.R. 1349 bill has been introduced to the House of Representatives, referred to the House Committee on Natural Resources and subsequently referred to the Subcommittee on Federal Lands. The bill has not been voted on and still needs to pass the House and Senate before appearing in front of the president to be signed into law.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
The potential for intrigue is enormous. State delegations who vote for one candidate on the first ballot could actually turn out to be sleeper cells for another as the voting proceeds.
Nearly all will be required to vote for a specific candidate on the first ballot, based on the results of the primaries and caucuses in their states. But if no candidate wins enough delegates to clinch the nomination, there will be subsequent rounds of voting. In that scenario, the vast majority of delegates would be free to vote as they please.
These are the 2,472 people who will be filling Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena in July, many wearing silly hats and waving placards. Normally little more than props in a weeklong infomercial, delegates could instead be the power brokers who determine the nominee at the GOP convention this time around.
With the increasingly loud talk of a contested Republican convention, the obscure process of picking who actually gets to be a delegate is about to get underway in states across the country — with an urgency that has not been felt in decades.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 20/3/2016 (1073 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 20/3/2016 (1073 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
With the increasingly loud talk of a contested Republican convention, the obscure process of picking who actually gets to be a delegate is about to get underway in states across the country — with an urgency that has not been felt in decades.
These are the 2,472 people who will be filling Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena in July, many wearing silly hats and waving placards. Normally little more than props in a weeklong infomercial, delegates could instead be the power brokers who determine the nominee at the GOP convention this time around.
Nearly all will be required to vote for a specific candidate on the first ballot, based on the results of the primaries and caucuses in their states. But if no candidate wins enough delegates to clinch the nomination, there will be subsequent rounds of voting. In that scenario, the vast majority of delegates would be free to vote as they please.
The potential for intrigue is enormous. State delegations who vote for one candidate on the first ballot could actually turn out to be sleeper cells for another as the voting proceeds.
Nor are they bound at any point to support the candidate to whom they are pledged on fights overrules, credentials, the platform or the vice-presidential nominee. Those kinds of battles can determine whether the convention is an orderly coronation or a street fight, possibly even putting new names in contention.
If it comes to that, a nominating campaign that has already defied every expectation and every norm would go even deeper into uncharted territory. The Republican electorate would be further splintered, jeopardizing the party's chances to win in the fall and its ability to restore any semblance of functionality.
The identities and loyalties of individual convention delegates could become the subject of intense interest and scrutiny. The process of selecting them will be crucial and will be the subject of hand-to-hand combat in nearly every state over the next few months. In the Internet era, there is no such thing as a smoke-filled backroom; once-anonymous delegates could find themselves feeling the heat from all sides.
South Carolina GOP chairperson Matt Moore said they have already warned those who may represent the Palmetto State as delegates: "Expect every person in America to have your cellphone numbers and email addresses."
Only a handful of delegates has been named so far across the country. Most will be selected at local and state party gatherings, which means the picks will be heavily influenced by the GOP establishment in those states — governors, party chairpeople, elected officials, donors and longtime activists.
'You don't get the nomination if you're close. This isn't like horseshoes and hand grenades' — Stephen Duprey
Usually, the mechanics are of little consequence given the nomination is locked up well in advance of the convention. This year, however, there is the very real possibility Donald Trump could reach Cleveland with a plurality of pledged delegates but short of the 1,237 majority it takes to claim the top of the ticket on the first round of balloting.
Were Trump to arrive with the most delegates and leave without the nomination, "I think you'd have riots," they said Wednesday on CNN.
Noting "many, many millions of people" have voted for him, Trump added, "If you disenfranchise those people and you say, ‘Well, I'm sorry but you're 100 votes short, even though the next one is 500 votes short, I think you would have problems like you've never seen before. I think bad things would happen, I really do."
The system, however, says otherwise.
"You don't get the nomination if you're close. This isn't like horseshoes and hand grenades. There are no points in close. You have to get 1,237," said Stephen Duprey, a mainstay in New Hampshire politics and a member of the Republican National Committee.
Each state has its own peculiar system for naming delegates after the results of its primary or caucus are in.
Largely left out of the equation: the candidates themselves.
Fully 73 per cent of delegates is selected without direct input from the presidential contenders, by state party executive committees or at state and local conventions, said veteran GOP campaign lawyer Ben Ginsberg.
"The campaigns have to be sure their people and people who are loyal to them are elected as delegates. That is a complicated process and requires on-the-ground organizing."
Virginia is a good example. As a result of its March 1 primary, Virginia's convention delegation will be casting 17 votes for Trump; eight for Cruz and five for Ohio Gov. John Kasich. It will also give 16 votes for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and three for retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, even though both have suspended their campaigns since the primary.
Supporters reach out to Trump in Vienna, Ohio, last week.
Of Virginia's 49 convention delegates, 33 will be chosen at district conventions between now and June 1 and 13 will be picked at the state convention at the end of April. State chairperson John Whitbeck and the national committeeman and committeewoman are the remaining three.
"This year, it's like the campaigns are actually taking notice" of a normally sleepy and parochial process, Whitbeck said.
"We see the most activity with the Cruz campaign in Virginia, in terms of an organized effort."
Officials elsewhere also say Cruz's forces seem most engaged in state and local delegate selection.
"What we are focused on is after we won a state, to go back in and make sure we got delegates to hold their commitment to vote for our campaign. That's a laborious process, and we are absolutely doing that," said Cruz's campaign manager Jeff Roe.
Typically, "Once the election's over, (delegates) are nominated from state county and congressional districts to be nominees to their state conventions. In that process, we make sure that we have slates of people that are supporting Ted Cruz," Roe explained.
"So that's a county-by-county, congressional-district-by-congressional-district, state-by-state process that's ongoing for the states that have already voted."
The Trump campaign is putting a team in place to track the delegates who have already been designated on state ballots, said senior adviser Ed Brookover, and will co-ordinate with its state staffs to monitor delegate selection.
Brookover, who is managing the process for the Trump campaign, says that skepticism in its ability to compete in this sort of process is "wishful thinking on the part of Mr. Trump's opponents."
They did not say how many staff members will ultimately be assigned to tracking delegates, but expressed confidence the campaign has the resources and the organizational muscle necessary to navigate the system.
Still, the process predates Trump's candidacy in some cases. All of South Carolina's 50 delegates, for example, will be committed to supporting Trump on the first ballot. But to become a national delegate, someone has to have been a delegate to last spring's state convention, which happened before Trump was even in the race.
"We have a known delegate pool," South Carolina chairperson Moore said.
Their allegiances are likely to be closely tied to state officials such as Gov. Nikki Haley and Sen. Lindsey Graham, both of whom have tangled with Trump.
As for himself, Moore said, their decision on subsequent ballots, should they happen, will be based on which candidate has the best chance in the fall, which has the most fealty to the party platform and possibly the selection of a running mate.
There are states where the candidates have more of a say in selecting delegates.
New Hampshire, for example, is a rare one where delegates have already been named, and they were based on slates offered by the candidates themselves. Trump's own campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, will be a delegate from the Granite State.
"New Hampshire is objectively one of the fairest delegate-selection processes," state party executive director Ross Berry said.
"The control rests almost entirely with the campaigns and the candidates and the voter.
Looking ahead, the campaigns will not only be tasked with tracking and lobbying delegates, but will also need to keep an eye on the emerging composition of the Republican National Convention rules committee. That committee of more than 100 will carry wide authority over the nominating rules at the convention, including rules over who can be nominated at all on the floor of the convention.
As it stands, one controversial rule dictates candidates have to have won at least eight states with a majority to be nominated on the floor. Trump is the only candidate to have passed that benchmark thus far — which, ironically, was initially intended to protect establishment favourite Mitt Romney in 2012.
The composition of that committee will be decided in proxy fights between the establishment and grassroots wings of the party at the state level. Party officials in each state will select two delegates to appoint to that committee — which is separate, and larger, from the RNC's rules committee — and will have to balance grassroots pressure alongside the preferences of power brokers in their regions.
— Washington Post
What is certain is the Dallas Cowboys need to both never forget what happened in Week 1, and forget just enough of it to focus on the Washington Redskins.
On Friday, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones spoke in-depth on 105.3FM The Fan about the challenge at hand and what the team needs to do to prevent going down 0-2 in the NFC East...before three weeks of football is even played.
The Cowboys have a must-win in Week 2 against the Redskins! Don't miss any breaking news, take a second to sign up for our FREE Cowboys newsletter!
"I think we've got to make them pay when they over align," said Jones, referring to the Redskins defensive scheme. "That's always been the case. That's what we ran into last year. They dared us to throw. They shut down the running game, although we had pretty credible production with [Darren] McFadden. So, I think we just got to be ready for that. You've got to take them out of that eight and nine man stuff or throw the ball 45 times and 50 times a game which we don't want to do. But I really don't think there are any secrets here."
The loss in Week 1 is a painful reminder of the obvious, which Jones was not remiss to admit on Friday.
"We've got to get the ball in the hands of our playmakers." they said.
Speaking of playmakers, the Cowboys have none bigger on the field right now than All-Pro Dez Bryant, who saw only five targets in the opener; producing one catch for a whopping eight yards.
Jones understands getting Bryant the ball is not an option if the Cowboys want to win on Sunday.
"I think it's self-evident. They do need to get involved early. They seemingly have a little habit if he's not involved early it coincides at least with what happens at the end of the second half. All of that is pretty apparent. I know for a fact our staff, and certainly in that case Dez, would be aware of putting that kind of attention to him."
So adamant is Jones to see Bryant get the ball, he's willing to see rookie Dak Prescott fire into double coverage if necessary.
"I think you use their [Bryant's] physicality. You use their ability to just win and you have to get the ball to them when he's double covered."
Prescott was forthright this week in saying 'if Dez is the read, Dez is the read'. The translation is they won't force the issue and will take what the defense is giving him.
Jones and Prescott have different takes on what needs to happen with Bryant target-wise, and the irony is neither is incorrect.
The truth simply lies somewhere in the middle.
Los Angeles has the highest percentage of renters of any big US city, well over half of Angelenos rent, and still renters are pretty much second class citizens. Property owners have spent the years since the last recession raising rents in LA to outpace inflation, and to far outpace wages, to where a person earning LA's median income has to put nearly half of that money toward paying rent (forget ever saving enough to buy). And still landlords lobby city and state governments to pass on more and more costs—water, important earthquake retrofits—to their tenants, even though they'll reap all the financial benefits from making them.
And then there's the Ellis Act, a California law that allows landlords to evict all of their rent-controlled tenants if they intend to convert their building to another use, like condos or a hotel. Since the recession, the use of Ellis has skyrocketed in Los Angeles, even in cases when landlords don't have permission or the zoning exemptions necessary to convert their buildings.
And it's property owners who have the sympathy and the ear of politicians, since they're a more stable voting base and are generally richer, and so have the time and money to invest in local races; they also have powerful lobbying groups like the Apartment Associaton of Greater Los Angeles.
Finally, having had enough, here comes the LA Tenants Union to represent renters and those pushed out of housing altogether, into the streets (those numbers are rising in LA too). It's open to all (they meet twice a month) and are member-led—attendees vote on which issues are priorities and how they'll deal with them. They formed this summer and in the week leading up to Halloween are holding their first major series of actions: Day of the Dead. Days of Rage.
The fun starts Sunday at the high-profile Villa Carlotta, a 1920s building in Hollywood that had been a home to artists for decades before new owners began Ellis Act evictions just before Christmas last year (a few tenants are still holding on). Aside from a standard protest (supporters are asked to wear red "to symbolize the housing massacre"), there will be a performance piece called "Ghosts of the Carlotta-Present" (we hear it involves real ghosts).
Nightmare in District 24, on Monday, protests Ellis Act evictions nearby in Los Feliz. Nightmare Treatment by City Officials on Tuesday is organized byt the Los Angeles Community Action Network and focuses on homelessness, both providing more affordable housing and ending the measures that criminalize homelessness (the city spends almost all of its homelessness money on policing).
On Thursday, Nightmare in Boyle Heights will address Metro's approach to transit-oriented development, which protesters say is "inaccessible for neighborhood residents most in need." Nightmare Downtown, on Friday, is organized by residents of developer Barry Shy's many buildings, who have had their rents raised by 10 percent, despite asking for a decrease because of what they say are "subpar services and amenities listed in our leases but not provided."
More actions will be added throughout the week; you can get info on all of it over at the LA Tenants Union's Facebook page, and Twitter in English and Spanish.
· LA Tenants Union [Facebook]
· The Average Angeleno is Now Paying Nearly Half Their Income Toward Rent [Curbed LA]
· Inside Hollywood's Legendary Villa Carlotta as It Anxiously Awaits Renovation [Curbed LA]
Ryan Adams has announced a mammoth live vinyl box set will be released tomorrow, in quintessential Adams style: via a cryptic Facebook post.
Entitled Live After Deaf, the set will include 144 live acoustic tracks on 15 vinyl discs, in addition to 74 digital-only bonus tracks for download. Count ‘em, that's a total of 218 tracks, which will be housed in a heavyweight cloth box. Prices for the box set have not been released, but there will only be an unspecified “super duper” limited number sold.
The box set follows Adams' promise of an official live compilation after rescinding their long-held policy that allowed bootleg recordings of their shows during their last tour. The title references the North Carolina-bred singer's struggle with Meniere's disease, which affected their hearing and forced them to take a musical hiatus previous to 2011's Ashes & Fire.
Live After Deaf will be available only through Adams's own PAX-AM, starting at 1:30p.m. EST on Friday, June 15.
SEATTLE—Following a multiyear study of atmospheric gases and their role in organic processes on earth, a team of researchers at the University of Washington reported this week that the majority of the oxygen on the planet is used for complaining. “By carefully measuring the processes of gas exchange, the respiratory capacities of living organisms, and resulting metabolic activities, we discovered that most oxygen molecules in Earth's troposphere are used for the purposes of sighing, whining, and most commonly, complaining,” said the study's lead author, James Lauderio, who noted that an adult human converts an average of 19 cubic feet of oxygen per day into petty grievances about acquaintances, nitpicking objections about popular media or the weather, criticisms about tasks they are performing, and general fussing with family members. “And while humans are the species most responsible for transforming oxygen into complaints, it's important to note that other animal life, including mammals, birds, and reptiles, also convert massive amounts of O2 into displeased growls and screeches about their habitats and food sources.” Lauderio added that the research team has not been able to determine a verifiable upper limit to the number of complaints that can be produced from a single inhalation, with many human subjects reportedly producing upwards of 40 or more complaints with each breath.
Advertisement
Should designers know how to code?
This debate has raged for years. Should a web designer focus solely on design, leaving all the other business of coding to someone else, or should they tackle coding and backend development issues themselves?
As with many arguments, there are merits to both sides. On the one hand, a designer that knows how to code might be able to offer a wider array of services to clients. On the other hand, a designer that focuses on design can utilize their specialized expertise to create products that are more engaging and creative.
But take our word for it – if you're a designer, forget about coding!
In today's post, we dive into this age-old argument and present some of the primary reasons why web designers should not code.
But First, Some Definitions
Before we explain our stance on this argument, some definitions are required.
The term web designer means a lot of different things to a lot of different people. For our purposes, a web designer is someone who is involved purely with design.
Perhaps they are knowledgeable about SEO, coding HTML, and Javascript, but their duty is to actually design the website. They are the right-brained creative force driving how a website looks and feels.
A web developer, which again, means a lot of different things to a lot of different people, is someone that handles the backend aspect of a website.
A developer works with code, builds and maintains databases, and all the other highly technical stuff that makes a website work out there on the World Wide Web. Developers take what designers give them and bring a designer's vision to reality.
Now, with definitions set, we would like to argue this:
Designers should focus on design.
There are a number of reasons for this, but at the heart of it is that designers do not need to code given the current climate of digital creative professions. At this stage of the game, there are far too many resources out there that can be utilized by designers to take care of all the backend needs of a site's development.
Think of it like this: an architect can design an incredible building without personally knowing how to run electrical lines or how to install an elevator car. Just like an architect relies on experts in various disciplines to build their or their creation, web designers can (and should!) rely on outside resources to make their designs become reality.
Give Yourself More Time and Minimize Risk by Choosing Not to Code
The tools and resources at your disposal today make it vastly easier to focus on design than it was just ten years ago. Specializing in design means you don't have to go against your natural tendencies and talents to try and take on the development side of things, which, let's face it, is not something most designers are adept at doing.
It also means that you will save yourself a lot of time (and pain, and money) in the long-run by sticking to what you know.
Your Brain Isn't Cut Out For Development
The vast majority of people are either right-brained or left-brained. Right-brained people are creative. Left-brained people are analytical. While some people possess both abilities, rarely do you find someone that is good at both types of tasks.
Thus, the basis for the argument that designers should stick to design:
Creative people have difficulty mastering technical tasks.
It's just the way it is. Just like you wouldn't expect a PHP developer to take a client's wish list and design a stunning website all on their own, you shouldn't be expected to mark up the code to make your site design come to life.
Yet this is a double-standard that has existed for a long, long time. The time you would spend trying to code is essentially money flushed down the toilet because you are just wasting time trying to do something you probably aren't well equipped to do in the first place.
UPDATE: It has been brought to our attention that the research we cited regarding the skills and attributes of the left and right hemispheres of the brain is not only outdated, but is in fact altogether incorrect.
In a study at the University of Utah, researchers examined brain scans that show no evidence that some people are left-brained and others are right-brained. Instead, the study revealed that, while some functions are indeed lateralized (i.e. language skills tend to be on the left, attention tends to be on the right), there is no evidence that individuals “preferentially use their left-brain network or right-brain network more often.”
As a result, our assertion that “the vast majority of people are either right-brained or left-brained” is totally inaccurate, and for that we deeply apologize. We were wrong, and we didn't conduct our research for this article in the manner that we should have. Many thanks to our readers for bringing this issue to our attention.
We'd also like to note that although our main argument in this article stands – that designers shouldn't code – our assertion isn't that designers shouldn't learn how to do it. On the contrary, having knowledge of basic HTML and CSS is certainly handy, but as we discuss later in this article, trying to split one's attention between design and development can tax your time, leaving you without the time you need to do your job to the best of your abilities.
There are certainly those with the opposite opinion – that freelancers should know how to do it all, including jQuery, Javascript, and backend coding. We recognize the merits of that argument but simply believe it is best if designers specialize instead. Specialization, as we discuss below, allows designers to become experts in their craft and manage their time more effectively. Furthermore, specialization for designers ensures that their capacity to produce a stellar product isn't diminished because of trying to overextend and be the do-all, be-all that designs and codes.
Time is Precious
Web design (and development, for that matter) grows, changes, and expands at an astonishing rate. It's difficult enough as it is to keep up with the latest trends in design without also having to worry about staying reasonably educated in the realm of website development at the same time.
Rather than desperately trying to keep up with advances in design and development, web designers that stick to design are freed up hone their artistic craft.
Many web designers have crashed and burned over the years after trying to get their artistic mind to wrap around the highly analytical development side of things.
Instead, you should stick with design, save yourself some time, and utilize someone or something else to handle all the backend requirements of your websites.
Minimize Risk by Not Coding
How many times have you or a colleague attempted to code a website, only to screw it up and have to spend hours and hours trying to fix it or hire someone to fix it for you?
If you've been there, you know it's an incredibly stressful situation, and one that you shouldn't be in to begin with. It is an easier and smarter choice to let a developer take on the backend part of the website so when – not if – there is a problem, they and their left-brain can handle the situation.
Expertise and Specialization are Good Things – And They Will Get You More Business
As mentioned earlier, design trends and principles are ever changing. By sticking to the design side of web design, you are better equipped to further your skills, study up on new and exciting methodologies, and put that learning into practice than you would be if you try to tackle coding as well. Most digital creative professions have compartmentalized into specializations anyway, so why not hop on the bandwagon and become a specialist yourself?!
Become an Expert
One of the primary criteria people use to select a web designer is the designer's level of expertise. Focusing solely on design promotes the development of those much sought after expert-level skills, which all customers will appreciate.
Whether you acquire a keener design eye or develop a better understanding of color theory, the expertise you gain by focusing on design will make your designs much better and your list of clients much longer. After all, there is a lot of value in being master of your domain rather than being an okay designer who also happens to have okay coding skills.
You'll also have more time to actually leveraging your expertise and promote yourself as a web design expert.
The bottom line is this:
If it comes down to being really good at one thing or being marginal at two things, the choice is obvious, right?
Web-Related Jobs Are Increasingly Specialized Anyway
A decade ago it might have been acceptable to say that there were webmasters, web designers, web developers, and little else. Today, that list has expanded to include SEO specialists, social media managers, digital content strategists, and so on.
There are even multiple specializations in design and development, with some designers working specifically with WordPress or developers working exclusively with PHP, Ruby, or Python.
The point is:
The trend is for creative professionals to move into areas of specialization, not continue to try to be a jack of all trades. If everyone else can specialize, why can't you?
You Don't Need to Code Because Help Has Arrived!
Perhaps the best reason why designers should stick to design is because there are an abundance of resources designers can utilize that will take care of all the backend mumbo-jumbo for them. Some resources require reliance on other people while others let you do everything on your own without any coding knowledge necessary!
Hire a Developer
While not all freelance web designers have the funds to hire a developer whenever they please, it is still a viable option for lots of designers. There are a variety of excellent outsourcing platforms, including Elance and Presto Experts, which can connect you with expert professionals that can handle all the backend details of a site design, from jQuery and Javascript creation to working with C++ or developing WordPress databases.
When you're just beginning your design business, explore the option of working with a developer because it could be a match made in heaven. Building a nice working relationship with a developer could lead to a long-term arrangement whereby you offer them business, and they offer you business in return.
After all, developers should stick to development, just like you should stick to design. And the best part?
The potential is there to double your business by forging a strong working relationship with a developer.
Website Builders
Perhaps an even better option for a web designer is to utilize a website builder like IM Creator to create their or their designs. Website builders offer all kinds of amazing tools and support features that allow you to keep your focus on the design, but also negate the need for you to hire out development work.
Because website builders utilize slick features like drag-and-drop editing, built-in SEO, and hosting, domain, and email services, designers can take care of everything from design concept to deploying the website online, without needing to know anything about HTML, CSS, or other development-related issues. You can then market yourself as a website creator rather than merely a website designer, and offer your customers complete out-of-the-box website solutions. But that's relevant to just specific, usually small, projects.
Conclusion
The intent here is not to say that designers shouldn't know how to code. To the contrary, knowing how things work on the backend can make you a better and more effective designer. But knowing how to code doesn't mean that you should.
What is your opinion on the great coding debate? Should designers take on that task or not? Leave your thoughts by commenting below.
Photo Credits:
Bootcamp Business Model… by Sebastiaan ter Burg via Flickr Creative Commons
Media UK Code by James Cridland via Flickr Creative Commons
Time by Sean MacEntee via Flickr Creative Commons
How to be an Expert by Alan Cleaver via Flickr Creative Commons
Help! by GotCredit via Flickr Creative Commons
Last night, Congress passed and the president signed a four-year extension of three expiring provisions of the Patriot Act. You may recall that the original expiration was scheduled for December 31, 2009 — and what did Congress do after 18 months of short term extensions, sporadic hearings and a markup or two? Nothing. The Patriot Act was reauthorized as-is without a single additional privacy protection. After a rollercoaster week of Patriot Act consideration there were some definite winners and losers:
Winners:
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.). Sen. Wyden is a member of the Senate Select Intelligence Committee and has been ringing the bill on the Patriot Act for quite a while. In particular, he's been warning us that despite the law being unconstitutional and permissive on its face, the Administration relies on secret legal interpretations that let them go even farther. As they said on the floor: “I want to deliver a warning this afternoon: When the American people find out how their government has secretly interpreted the Patriot Act, they will be stunned and they will be angry.” Although Congress did not vote on their amendment regarding secret law, they got committee chairperson Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) to agree to turn the Intelligence Committee's attention to this point.
Sen. Mark Udall (D-Colo). Sen. Udall has been on the Intelligence Committee for all of five months and has already fought harder for privacy than some members have done in the decades they have lounged there. They introduced an amendment to fix section 215 of the Patriot Act — the so-called library provision—and gave Sen. Wyden an assist on the secret law issue. He's a rising leader in the civil liberties area — keep an eye on him.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). When Congress gave itself a short-term extension to discuss amendments and strategy three months ago, Sen. Paul was very clear: if they didn't get to offer amendments next time around, he'd procedurally draw out the Patriot Act process as long as they possibly could. And they did. And they got to offer the only two amendments considered on the Senate floor. Both failed, but without their leadership there probably wouldn't have been a record 23 ‘no' votes on final passage, including four republicans.
Losers:
The entire House of Representatives. The House spent roughly 30 minutes debating the Patriot Act this time around. Seriously? I guess with the Memorial Day weekend approaching they had to get home to eat some barbecue and kiss some babies.
Senate Leadership — both parties. They had three months notice of this expiration, yet waited until the week of the sunset to get down to business, and at the end of the day, did not get it together and permit votes on some very important amendments. For example, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) had a very moderate, bipartisan, bicameral reform proposal that would insert rudimentary oversight and accountability provisions into the Patriot Act. It didn't even get a vote.
Patriot will be back in four years. In the meantime, keep your eye on cybersecurity. There are proposals out there that would permit information grabs that make the Patriot Act look quaint. Also get prepared for a fight over the FISA Amendments Act, which will sunset next year. See you then!
Learn more about the Patriot Act: Subscribe to our newsletter, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.
Hundreds of Christmas beetles Argentine Lawn Scarabs flew into the glass door at night then scratched around the wooden boards of the verandah searching for a mate.
Thanks to Chris Reid from the Australian Museum for correcting my identification of the beetles in this post. What I had thought were Christmas Beetles were in fact non-native Argentine Lawn Scarabs. Read their comment for more information. Summer and introduced species? Another reason not to like this season …
I'll admit it … I am not a summer person. In fact just the anticipation of the the mind-numbing, body-bloating heat of the Australian summer is something that I dread the moment winter fades away. There must be a point to summer, but I just don't get it.
However there is one thing that slightly redeems these humid and draining months: the brief onslaught of Christmas beetles. For about a week these beetles emerge from the earth and swarm around street lights and brightly lit windows. This mass event is something that marks the beginning of summer.
The beetles fly clumsily into walls and faces, often getting stuck in long hair and clothing. Their long spindly legs claw their way across skin and clamp down when feeling threatened. Needless to say these beetles have a certain creepy value. Their buzzing and whirring as they fly through the night air is something I'd like to add to my list of Australian Gothic sounds.
Easy pickings for this green tree frog.
Each year I have tried to record the arrival of the Christmas beetles as they circle our outdoor light in their hundreds. These recordings have never been very successful as the beetles invariably fly into the microphone. After these recording sessions I return inside with beetles covering my body.
Beetles re-enacting Ancient Roman orgiastic rituals.
This year I tried a different approach by recording the beetles as they flew into our kitchen window. The multiple thuds as they hit the window give some indication of the mass of beetles swarming outside.
So these beetles and their characteristic sounds are a soundmark of the Australian summer. I'm not sure if it is enough to help me appreciate summer but at least there is something to consider as the sweat trickles down my face. (Though now we know that these are in fact an introduced species, impostors! One less thing to like about summer).
In Chile, Many Regard Climate Change As The Greatest External Threat
Enlarge this image toggle caption Philip Reeves/NPR Philip Reeves/NPR
Fernando Rojas is holding up a photograph of a pocket of countryside, between the Pacific Ocean and the Andes mountains, that has been their home, their livelihood, and their passion for all of their 74 years.
Their picture shows a lake, brimming with water, in front of a range of hills that are silhouetted by the sun. In the foreground, by the water's edge, there's a small boat, ready to set sail. Next to that, there's a wooden jetty, jutting out into the waves.
You would hardly know that this image, taken in Chile just a few years ago, is of the same depleted landscape on which Rojas is now standing, grim-faced, puzzled and — they say — full of sadness.
There is nobody who has not been affected by climate change, directly or indirectly, here in Chile.
Most of the water has gone. The jetty is marooned in a sea of mud and grass. Beside it, there is a new wire fence, erected to keep out horses and cattle that are grazing on the lake's bed. Some boats are still there, stored away under canvas.
What water is left in the lake is in the hazy distance — about half of a mile away, a languid puddle, less than 3 feet deep, fringed by weeds and white egrets.
The Laguna de Aculeo — as this lake's known — used to be a favorite retreat for many of the 7 million citizens of Chile's capital, Santiago, 45 miles to the north.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Philip Reeves/NPR Philip Reeves/NPR
On weekends, they came to windsurf, sail and Jet Ski, and to enjoy the tranquility of a valley with almond orchards, vineyards, poplar groves and wood cabins. Before the water suddenly receded, lakeside villas sold for more than $500,000.
For much of their life, Rojas farmed around the lake, growing melons and corn. They say the lake, which depends entirely on rainfall, began to shrink about seven years ago, and "got lower and lower and lower."
The lake was roughly four times the size of New York's Central Park. Rojas used to motor across it in a small boat to buy groceries. That same journey is now a walk. Lakeside villa prices collapsed — "no one wants to buy them, if they are not beside the water," they remark — and so have parts of the local economy.
Families "in penury"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Philip Reeves/NPR Philip Reeves/NPR
Local people are "suffering [because] they depend on the water," says Claudio Mella, an orthopedic surgeon in Santiago, who owns one of the villas and has been coming to the lake with their family for 15 years. "We have a lot of good friends here, and many of them have some depression, some family problems."
Among those dependent on the lake is Oriana Lopez, who's 55. Them once-thriving windsurfing business has received no clients for about five years, they say. Them family is left "in penury," and must survive on their 97-year-old father's pension, plus whatever money their son can earn doing casual labor.
Latin America In Santiago, Chile, Searching For A Drink That Makes You Weak At The Knees In Santiago, Chile, Searching For A Drink That Makes You Weak At The Knees Listen · 3:01 3:01
"It is pitiful to see the lake like this," Lopez says, as their dogs romp across what used to be the lake's bed. Many people have had to leave the area, because of the lack of jobs. She, however, will stay and struggle on.
"I was born and raised here," they say tearfully, "I love this land."
Chile has been through an unusually severe seven-year drought that hit the central and southern areas where most of its population of 17 million lives. The affected zone includes the Laguna de Aculeo.
"We have been calling it the mega-drought because it has been very extended in space and in time," says Maisa Rojas, a climatologist from the University of Chile. "We have seen this before, but never so widespread." Although there has been a recent increase in precipitation, scientists are not yet sure if the drought's over.
Studies are now underway investigating ways of saving the lake. "If nothing is done, it is possible the lake will dry out in a couple of years. It's on the edge," says Felipe Martin, a leading hydrologist who used to head the commission that develops Chile's water resource policy.
Martin is among those working on rescue plans. They say the lake lost some water after its aquifers were disrupted by Chile's 2010 earthquake. But drought is a major factor, and they blame that on climate change.
More than just drought
For Chile, the possible impact of climate change has now become an issue of profound concern on numerous fronts, from melting glaciers to conflicts over water rights between big agricultural businesses and small farmers.
"There is nobody who has not been affected by climate change, directly or indirectly, here in Chile," says Matias Asun, director of Greenpeace Chile.
Chile's Environment Minister, Marcelo Mena, cites "temperature anomalies" of 2 degrees Celsius in parts of Chile, and says there is "no space for climate denial because we see climate change threatening us in multiple shapes."
Mena points to a wave of disasters that has hit Chile recently, including deadly floods and landslides, and a giant "red tide" — when an algae bloom, fueled by unusually warm sea temperatures, wiped out millions of fish, including 20 percent of the salmon production.
In January — fed by drought conditions — the worst wildfires in Chile's history ripped across the landscape, destroying more than 2,300 square miles, including large areas of forests, and threatening some of the country's famous vineyards.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Raul Zamora/AFP/Getty Images Raul Zamora/AFP/Getty Images
"When you see the desperation in people's eyes, and when you see things that you haven't seen before, that really makes you worry that this is really getting out of hand," Mena says.
"And when you see that some people are trying to deny the climate science, then ... you have to take your gloves off, and you have to be very blunt about the fact that we are facing a challenge that is like something we have never seen before."
Mena says most Chileans now regard climate change as their greatest external threat.
Proving that Chile's wave of catastrophes was caused by climate change is highly complex. You have to use modelling studies to show any given event would not have happened, were it not for climate change, says climatologist Maisa Rojas.
"We haven't done any attribution studies for this, so I cannot say event[s] wouldn't have happened, if it weren't for climate change," they say. "But the climate context in which these events have occurred are very much what we'd expect from climate change."
Measures to mitigate
Chile's government is introducing a range of measures to help the country adapt to hotter, drier conditions — for example, better water conservation and fire prevention methods, and creating green spaces to help cool urban areas. To further raise awareness, there will be mandatory climate change classes in Chile's schools, from next year onward.
Chile's also rapidly expanding its use of renewable sources, which are expected to generate at least 80 percent of its energy by 2050. More than half the electricity used to power Santiago's subway system will soon come from the sun and the wind. The lion's share of this will be generated by a giant solar plant in Chile's Atacama Desert, using hundreds of thousands of solar panels covering an area the size of 370 football fields.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Philip Reeves/NPR Philip Reeves/NPR
At the Laguna de Aculeo — the shrinking lake — residents wonder what they will do if the water never comes back.
Paulo Gutierrez quit a high-pressure job in information technology and telecoms in Santiago to move to the lake with their family in search of a more tranquil way of life. They set up a cafe and a bakery around the time the lake's water levels first began to drop.  They are now is considering buying land further south, and moving there.
Gutierrez has moved beyond the debate over whether climate change is real; they believe Chile must now focus on figuring out how to adapt to it.
"We already know this thing is true, because we are suffering," they say. "Twenty years ago, it was a possibility. Right now, it's a reality."
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- Count Jon Gruden among those anticipating a big season from the Oakland Raiders.
But when it comes to the prospect of Gruden's former team moving from the East Bay to Southern Nevada, the ESPN Monday Night Football commentator gets kind of choked up.
"The Raiders, the Las Vegas Raiders, I don't know, man, that's hard for me to imagine," Gruden said on a conference call Tuesday to discuss this season's slate of games on the network.
"The Oakland Raiders has a real place in my heart. I'd hate to see them leave. I love where they are. I love the tradition of the Raiders, and I'm getting teared up right now thinking about them moving. But I certainly understand their situation and I hope it all works out for them. If Las Vegas was to acquire the rights to the Oakland Raiders, that would certainly, I think, be interesting."
Gruden was the Raiders coach from 1998 through 2001, their final game with Oakland coming in the Tuck Rule loss at the New England Patriots. Al Davis traded Gruden to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and their new team beat the Raiders, 48-21, in Super Bowl XXXVII a year later.
Still, Gruden remains a popular figure in Raiders lore and among fans and alumni and, yes, owner Mark Davis ... even if Oakland has not returned to the playoffs since that Super Bowl.
Gruden sees brighter days ahead.
"This is the year for them to take a giant step forward," Gruden said. "There's quarterback transition in Denver; the Broncos have lost some key players. Kansas City has had some injuries. I think the slate is pretty clean right now in the AFC West. It's about time that Oakland, I think, backs it up."
Gruden praised the work done by coach Jack Del Rio as well as the talent on the roster.
"And look, Derek Carr's got some weapons," Gruden said. "You have to love (Amari) Cooper, you have to like (Michael) Crabtree. I think (Clive) Walford is coming on. But most importantly they've solidified the offensive line. They bring in (Rodney) Hudson. They bring in the big guard from the Ravens (Kelechi Osemele). They've got Donald Penn, the old guy from Tampa. This is a salty group that can run the rock with (Latavius) Murray, and Khalil Mack, one of the best closers in the fourth quarter.
"And I even see (Sebastian) Janikowski still kicking. Hell, I drafted Janikowski (in 2000). You can tell I get excited talking about the Raiders. This ought to be a good year for them."
Gruden will see the Raiders first-hand on Nov. 21, when the Raiders play "host" to the Houston Texans on MNF in Mexico City.
And it will be an opportunity for Gruden to reunite with Raiders quarterback Derek Carr, who was on Gruden's QB Camp show before the 2014 draft.
"He broke all of my cameras," Gruden said. "We had a bullseye and a little camera in the bullseye. They hit the bullseye three times in a row. We couldn't film any more of the shoot. I don't think there is anybody in this draft that throws a ball like Carr. He's one of those guys that comes down the pike every so often. It's time for him, I think, to take their next step."
GETTY The offices of MI6 in London
Counter terror chiefs intend to make it mandatory that those with extremist leanings, as well as those who have fought for Islamist ideologies, are given psychological treatment. An average of 11 referrals are made in the UK each day for people within the country, the youngest was a four year old boy. According to figures, almost 4,000 people were referred to the UK de-radicalisation scheme last year. Among those who accessed treatment via the prison, education and NHS services were 68 children aged nine and under.
Getty Home Secretary Amber Rudd with Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe
Government figures now want to make it law for these people to attend the sessions. The most up to date figures show 3,955 people reported to the Government's ‘Channel programme' in 2015, up from 1,681 in 2014. At least 800 people from the UK have travelled to support or fight for jihadist organisations in Syria and Iraq. Half have since returned to the UK. The Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism, in the Home Office, aims to thwart the threat from terrorism.
The threat to the UK and our interests from international terrorism is severe UK Government
Their work is covered in the Government's counter-terrorism strategy, CONTEST. In its most up to date guidance they warn that the biggest threat to the UK is currently from Afghanistan and Pakistan. It says: "The threat to the UK and our interests from international terrorism is severe. "This means that a terrorist attack is highly likely. "The terrorist threats we face now are more diverse than before, dispersed across a wider geographical area, and often in countries without effective governance. "We therefore face an unpredictable situation, with potentially more frequent, less sophisticated terrorist attacks. "The most significant terrorist threat to the UK and our interests overseas comes from the Al Qaida senior leadership based in the border areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan and their affiliates and supporters in other areas."
GETTY ISIS fighters returning from Syria to the UK will get treatment
The fourth annual Ventura County Beer Week is upon us! This celebration runs from September 11th to the 18th, and is promoted by the folks behind one of the biggest beer festivals in the area — the California Beer Festival (which, not coincidentally, occurs on September 16th through the 18th). We don't yet have many specifics about these “EPIC CRAFT BEER” events, but we'll tell you what we do know!
Sunday, September 11th
The celebration begins on Sunday, September 11th, at Settebello Pizzeria Napoletana at The Collection. They will have $3 off all draft beer during Happy Hour from 3pm-6pm and again from 8:30pm – 10:00pm. They will also feature beers from Enegren Brewing Company (Protector IPA, Ice Cream Truck Milk Stout, 5th Anniversary Bourbon Barrel Aged Belgium Strong Ale), Wolf Creek Brewing Company (Howlin' Hefeweizen, Lone Wolf IPA, Punkinweizen), Topa Topa Brewing Company (Howler Coffee IPA), MadeWest Brewery (MadeWest Pale) and Mother Earth Brew Co (Blonde, Sin Tax Imperial Peanut Butter Stout). These featured beers will be available in custom flights and by the glass. 100 pint glasses from Enegren and Wolf Creek are yours to keep with purchase of select beers. Limit one per customer.
Monday, September 12th
The party moves over to Rookees Sports Bar, where they will host a tap takeover that they are calling “NorCal vs SoCal Breweries”. Lost Coast Brewery will be representing NorCal and MadeWest Brewery will be representing SoCal.
Thursday, September 15th
Barrelhouse 101 has hinted via social media that they will be tapping kegs from some nearby favorites such as Bottle Logic Brewing, The Good Beer Company, Noble Ale Works, and Phantom Carriage Brewery.
That's all we have so far! We'll make sure to keep you updated on the details as we find out more. Have a great week!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Neither the American public (especially Gulf area residents) nor the scientific community have been particularly receptive to "news" from the Obama administration that the oil spilled into the Gulf by BP has for the most part been broken down or "taken care of." As if a pretty chart could compensate for hundreds of miles of soiled beaches and marshes, the Obama administration unwisely assumed it was time to put on the spin:
The rosy picture painted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration or NOAA has backfired badly on the White House. After an initial positive take in an Agence France-Presse story, "... but where is all the oil?" the White House was slammed with accusations by scientists working in the Gulf such as John Kessler of Texas A&M University, who led the National Science Foundation's on-site study of the spill. According to the experts, the White House statement was "just not true."
Dozens of reports such as this one from Bloomberg via MoJo of tar mats, some as big as 20 feet in length and several inches thick sitting along the coastline of Grand Isle, are testimony to BP's poor cleanup response and the Obama administration's even poorer understanding of public sentiment around the spill. BP has mostly called off the cleanup operation. (In fact, BP just laid off 10,000 cleanup workers.) This means, if anything, we will be seeing more evidence of BP's negligence in the months to come, especially as the hurricane season brings to shore buried blobs of "residual" oil.
One attorney, Stuart H. Smith — who represents the United Commercial Fishermen's Association, the Louisiana Environmental Action Network, and other commercial, governmental and nonprofit entities in states along the Gulf Coast — issued this statement today, along with a video testimony to prove the point:
The U.S. government owes it to the citizens of the Gulf Coast to refute the notion that 74 percent of the oil from the Deepwater Horizon catastrophe has been eliminated and is no longer harmful. There is a serious disconnect between the NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) report released Wednesday and reality. This disconnect stems from an undue optimism and is underscored by previously flawed reports issued by NOAA about dispersed oil. To answer growing skepticism, the government should immediately release the full report from NOAA, all of the underlying data used and calculations performed in generating it.
Smith just put up a website called OilSpillAction , where they are putting up videos and news from claimants against BP. Though administration officials may want to put forth the notion that "Mother Nature" has somehow miraculously taken care of the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history, angry Gulf residents equipped with cameras are likely to show them a thing or two.
Gulf lawyers poised to jump on White House 'disconnect'
One Louisiana lawyer is recording "video testimonies" to rebuke the Obama administration's position that the oil is mostly gone.
FHSW 0.552 is here with a lot of new secret and regular Weapons of WWII at Sea, Land and Air. Also a new level bombing mechanic is introduced.
Posted by eYe.ris on Sep 17th, 2014
FHSW 0.552 released!
After a long wait the FHSW devs have finally released version 0.552. There was also 0.55 and 0.551 but I skipped them because they were very buggy and laggy and the devs said they would release a bugfix very soon.
I'll list all the news since the last release to give you an quick overview of what has been added:
But there are also a lot of things added which haven't been mentioned in any news yet or we didn't cover properly on moddb like the new Panzer II late variants or Japanese tankettes. Also see the pictures below for some examples.
(thanks to MinefieldJoe for the translation)
New level bombing mechanic
One huge gamplay related addition is the new bombing sight which allows proper level bombing for heavy bombers. On the minimap you can see two new icons which show the current position of your plane (reticle) in relation to the horizon (half blue/black circle).
If you go for a bombing run both indicators you have to be aligned which means your plane flies level.
Use then the bombing sight (left mouse click) to aim at your target. The center of the reticle is where the bombs will approximately hit.
Success!
Be aware that bombers with this new bomb sight can't be used as dive bomber anymore. Because of a built-in game mechanic you'll always miss the target. Practice and stay over the clouds! Then flak and fighters will have a hard time shooting you down.
How to install?
Please follow the instructions of this guide.
In short, you need:
Battlefield 1942 1.61b (CD) or 1.62 (Origin)
Forgotten Hope 0.7
Forgotten Hope Fan Mappack 6
Forgotten Hope Secret Weapon 0.552
Gamespy shutdown?
As you've probably heard Gamespy shut down the online support for BF1942 which means either your game locks up or it doesn't show any servers when updating the in-game server browser. But as always the community puts EA to shame and within days a solution was available, huge thanks to the creator s[sk]. I included the fix into the FHSW installer so no additional steps are required to play online. Go to here if you want some information about the changes they did.
Where to play?
As you might or might not know FHSW is a pure multiplayer mod, the game crashes if you try to play singleplayer. There are two servers but you'll only see players on them on specific times.
The European server hosts events regularly with a lot of people participating the next one is right around the corner, see you there! To avoid any timezone confusion use this timer as reference:
Site: Fhsw-europ.ucoz.de
Alternatively there's the Japanese server which is always full at about 8pm Japanese time. Be aware that you'll get kicked with a high ping which you usually have when connecting from Europe or the America East.
Sources:
FHSW 0.55 released
FHSW 0.551 released
FHSW 0.552 released
A technique proposed in the fight against global warming could also be used to tame hurricanes, according to a team of U.K. researchers. By using “marine cloud brightening,” environmental scientists say it is possible to reduce the severity of these deadly storms.
Don Duplantier walks through their flooded home as water recedes from Hurricane Isaac in Braithwaite, La., Sept. 2. ( Gerald Herbert / AP )
Alan Gadian, of the School of Earth and Environment at the University of Leeds and their team say the process involves “cloud seeding” — spraying tiny droplets of seawater into maritime stratocumulus clouds to cool ocean surface water temperatures. Developing hurricanes rely heavily on moisture and warm ocean surface temperatures to form. When ocean surface temperatures are decreased, the strength of a storm is also diminished, the scientists say in a study published in the August edition of the Atmospheric Science Letters journal. Marine cloud brightening increases the reflectiveness of these clouds. This creates a cooling effect as more sunlight is reflected back into space, rather than heating up the ocean's surface, Gadian says.
Article Continued Below
“When (tropical) storms go over the sea, if the sea surface is warm enough then you form a hurricane. The hurricane gets its energy from the very warm sea surface temperatures,” Gadian says. “(With cloud seeding) you are basically cutting off the energy that supplies (a hurricane). You are turning down the heat.” Gadian and their team focused on low-level, long-living maritime stratocumulus, or layer clouds, as they cover 30 per cent of the world's oceans. The white, fluffy clouds are roughly 300 to 500 metres thick and have a height ranging from 800 to 1,200 metres. Hurricanes mainly occur in August and September in the northern hemisphere when ocean surface temperatures are at their warmest. The idea, Gadian says, is to keep the ocean surface temperatures slightly lower so a hurricane doesn't have the energy needed to generate a category-five storm.
Gadian and their team found that the technique could drop ocean surface temperatures by a few degrees, and thereby reduce the severity of a hurricane by one category. The scientists' approach differs from the traditional idea of seeding clouds, which revolved around trying — often unsuccessfully — to control the weather, Gadian says.
Article Continued Below
This was evident in China at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Cloud seeding has also been used to protect wine vines from heavy hail in Bulgaria, with silver iodide being shot into clouds. Gadian says more study is needed on the costs and drawbacks of marine cloud brightening before it could be put in place. There also needs to be more research and development on how the process would work — in their study, the scientists discussed unmanned ships spraying the clouds. One drawback Gadian foresees is the potential effect on rainfall in nearby areas where reduced rainfall could be problematic. For example, seeding in the Atlantic could affect rainfall in the Amazon basin, they say.
Read more about:
History Edit
In 1991 the Anheuser-Busch Entertainment Corporation announced a myriad of new rides for their various entertainment parks. Keith M. Kason, then current General Manager for Busch Gardens Williamsburg, announced the Drachen Fire ride in the fall of 1991, stating "Anheuser-Busch has shown a commitment to reinvestment and making a real strong quality statement, and we will do it with this roller coaster."[4] Construction began in the fall of 1991, and was heavily filmed. Footage of the design, construction, and testing process of Drachen Fire can be viewed in a 1993 PBS special of their NOVA program, titled "Roller Coaster."[5] Construction was completed in early 1992, and the ride was set to open on April 4 of the same year. The park hired comedian and self-proclaimed roller coaster enthusiast Dana Carvey to officiate the opening ceremonies.[6] However, on opening day, the ride experienced mechanical issues. Carvey offered an impromptu stand-up comedy routine to entertain the crowd and keep the guests occupied, though the issue was not resolved on what should have been the opening day.[7] The ride drew large crowds, and was a hit with many coaster enthusiasts. However, less than a month after opening, the coaster gained a reputation for roughness.[8] After increasing complaints, decreasing ridership, and at least one lawsuit filed, the park removed the corkscrew element between the block brakes and the cutback element, replacing it with a straight section of track and trim brakes.[8][9][10] Passengers were advised to remove their earrings prior to riding because of roughness. Drachen Fire was featured on a 1996 edition of "Theme Parks a Go-Go" on the E! Network. The segment was hosted by actor Alex Winter who would be shown riding this, at the time fastest in the park, ride through some its many inversions. Upon completion of the ride, they stated that their vertebra was snapped like a twig. Although famous at that time for their comedic roles, this comment stands as a testimony to the Drachen Fire's reputation for being a rough experience. With decreasing ridership (possibly from its reputation of roughness), coupled with the popularity of the parks 1997 roller coaster Alpengeist, the ride was finally closed in the middle of the 1998 season. When questioned for the reason, park PR director Cindy Sarko stated, "There has been a steady erosion of ridership, combined with the high operating expenses of the ride, it helped officials make the decision to shut it down."[10] Sarko went on to say that they would attempt to modify the ride, but gave no estimate on when the ride would reopen. The ride was listed for sale in 1999, and stood "Standing but not operating" until 2002. The coaster was tested during the Passholder Preview Day in 2001, leading many to hope it would reopen, however this turned out not to be the case. Sarko made a statement as to the sale of the ride, stating the park initially planned to modify the ride, but decided later to place the ride for sale. They went on to say "We had several inquiries from potential buyers, but for various reasons, we couldn't reach any agreements."[10] The ride was dismantled in early 2002. When the park opened for the 2002 season, the track and supports were completely gone. The station and maintenance bay are still standing today. For the 2002 and 2003 season, the trains could still be seen sitting in the maintenance bay, although all other track had been removed.
Ride experience Edit
After leaving the station, the ride made a small dip and turned 180 degrees to the left, where it entered the lift hill. At the top of the 150 foot lift, the ride made a shallow dive of around 50 feet, then entered a wraparound corkscrew which had an apex of 120 feet, before descending the remainder of a curving drop, ending up facing the opposite direction of the lift hill, and achieving a speed of 60 miles per hour. The ride then entered a first of a kind camel back hump hill, which was designed to balance the riders between positive and negative g-forces, giving a feeling of weightlessness. The ride then entered the Batwing element (cobra roll), which featured two inversions in one element. The ride then turned up an ascending hill to the left, and entered a run of Block Brakes. Next, the ride dove down into a corkscrew, then a slight left turn over the park midway into a cutback. The ride then traversed back over the midway, under the first corkscrew and entered a second corkscrew. It then quickly entered a counter-clockwise helix. Exiting the helix, the ride made a right hand turn onto a final brake run, which would then lead straight into the ride station.[1][2][6]
Ride location Edit
The majority of Drachen Fire's track was located behind the present day Verbolten ride, in an area now called Festhaus Park. A large elevated curve in the ride did extend over the concrete walkway and into the area behind Das Festhaus, near the Black Forest Picnic Area, before looping riders back around again into a corkscrew. To enter the ride area guests would pass through a metal framed gateway, whose arches held the Drachen Fire sign. Today that same passage leads to Festhaus Park, a multi-purpose area used sporadically as a concert venue and for various special events. While most attractions have a highly visible entrance that can be seen from quite a distance, this was not the case for Drachen Fire. Guests had to pass between the Der Autobahn ride, to the left, and the large Das Festhaus building, to the right. This may have made the ride more difficult to locate for some park guests and could offer an insight as to why no permanent major attraction exists in this location today, despite several rides being added to the park since the 2002 dismantling. At least three of the major structures created for the ride still exist on the property today, all of which are located beyond the Festhaus Park gateway. A park map from 1997 shows the wooden building containing 5 metal rolls up doors, which resides on the left side of the concrete walkway, was the Drachen Fire gift shop. The previous ride boarding station is the largest wooden building located inside the Festhaus Park area and a slightly smaller wooden building served as the maintenance facility. Some portions of all three buildings are visible during daylight hours, shortly after crossing the Rhine River, while looking right (towards the park) on the Busch Gardens Railway train ride.
Notes Edit
A train was traveling on the track on Opening Day of 2001, testing the ride to decide whether or not to re-open it for the 2002 season, as well as raising many people's hopes about the possibility of opening with the rest of the park, but the ride was never re-opened. The coaster was placed for sale in 1999.[3] After failing to find a buyer, the coaster was torn down in February 2002 and its steel recycled.[10] Drachen Fire's loading station and train storage house are currently used for Howl-O-Scream Halloween festival. The Coaster originally had 6 inversions but the "diving corkscrew" which immediately followed the brakerun was removed after the 1994 season. In 1999, Arrow implemented the same B&M-style support structure used on Drachen Fire for the Tennessee Tornado at Dollywood. In 2006, Busch Gardens began to use the former Drachen Fire site as a concert venue. In 2009, Busch started holding the Glory at the Gardens concert series in Festhaus Park due to overflowing The Royal Palace Theatre in Aquitane. In 2016, Busch Gardens began selling Drachen Fire T-shirts at the park for the first time since the ride's closure.
References Edit
Illustration: Liu Rui/GT
"A castle takes three years to build, yet it can fall in a single day." Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe seems to favor this proverb so much that they used it in their 2016 New Year's reflection and again after the plunge in support for their cabinet in June, probably in an entirely different mood. Early last year, they were widely supported by the Japanese public, but now there are voices calling for them to step down.
The saying is also used to remind entrepreneurs and politicians to maintain caution and reverence. While it remains unknown whether Abe's "castle" built over the past five years will collapse before the lower house election on October 22, it's true that a time-honored Japanese brand is falling.
According to reports, Japan's third biggest steelmaker Kobe Steel acknowledged on October 8 that it falsified data related to strength and durability of some aluminum and copper parts products and sold them to some 200 companies. Naoto Umehara, an executive vice president at the company, admitted that falsifying data was an organized effort that could go back 10 years. There is no doubt that this case will cast a shadow on the reputation of Japanese companies.
Founded in 1905 and ranked among the world's top 500, Kobe Steel is Japan's top-notch supplier of aluminum and copper products and has branches in the US, Europe and China. Abe worked in the company three years before entering politics in 1982. Given the company's extensive pool of clients in and outside Japan, the falsification will not only undermine the company's reputation, but also harm other industries. The 200 or so companies that used the products of fabricated data include Toyota, Honda and Boeing.
Among the users of Kobe products were Hitachi that made trains for the UK and the H2A rocket launched by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries on Tuesday. Although no safety problem due to using Kobe products has been revealed, the scandal will likely taint the well-established brand of "Made in Japan."
There have been a number of similar scandals involving Japanese companies in recent years. Olympus Corp was revealed in 2011 to have falsified financial accounts for about 20 years. Toshiba was found in 2015 to have overstated its profits for years. Also Takata, the world's second-largest supplier of airbags, was exposed in the same year to have manipulated test results for airbag inflators. In 2016, Mitsubishi Motors and Suzuki Motor were involved in improper fuel-economy test scandals.
Such scandals occurred from time to time as the lackluster Japanese economy's Lost Two Decades constrained development of Japanese companies and eclipsed their competitiveness. Meanwhile it became harder for them to profit against their Chinese and South Korean manufacturing rivals. To compete with their counterparts in China, South Korea, the US and Europe, some Japanese companies began fabricating financial accounts and overstating profits.
This may have temporarily created some development space, but it has stained the craftsmanship spirit in which Japanese people take pride and does no good for the long-term development of a company. It is through the relentless pursuit of perfection that Japan recovered from the ruins after 1945 and Japanese companies earned their international reputation amid fierce competition.
In fact, one of the core values of Kobe Steel is to "provide technologies, products and services that win the trust and confidence of our customers we serve and the society in which we live." Regrettably, the company kept falsifying data for nearly 10 years, as did some other Japanese companies.
Japanese companies have won worldwide trust and recognition with their unremitting pursuit of perfection. They are now in decline for varied reasons but the abandonment of their core values must be a prime culprit.
The author is a PhD candidate at the graduate school of sociology, Toyo University. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn
The Liberal-dominated health committee has changed the government's marijuana legalization bill so edible cannabis products will be legal for sale in Canada within a year after the legislation comes into force.
Bill C-45 was amended at committee stage Tuesday to include edibles containing cannabis and cannabis concentrates to be sold for recreational use — an issue which has become a political flash point between the NDP and the Liberals.
A number of witnesses who testified before the committee had warned that not including edibles would leave a popular product available to Canadians only on the black market.
Liberal MP John Oliver said that the 12-month period gives Health Canada enough time to work out the regulations for the different products which will become available, and that officials from Colorado and Washington warned MPs to go slowly on edibles.
“We decided it was the right balance,” Oliver told iPolitics.
“Industry knows edibles will be coming to market, Canadian consumers will know edibles are coming to market, but when they come they'll be safely and properly regulated.”
The lone NDP MP on the committee, Don Davies, had complained that not including them right off the bat could encourage black market growth and create public health and product quality issues.
Davies said there is “zero compelling reason to wait.”
“We have the Colorado model, which is a mature, thoughtful and tested regulatory framework from which we can learn everything we need to know about regulating edibles: single serving, child-proof containers, stamped products, not marketed to children, available only where adults frequent,” they said.
“Or you can leave it to Canadians to cook on their stove and buy from God knows who.”
They insisted the bill should include edibles, creams, and tinctures on July 1, 2018 – the expected first day when recreational cannabis use becomes legal in Canada. Their effort to bring them in immediately was summarily defeated.
Changes to plant height limits
The committee also brought in changes Tuesday so the bill no longer restricts the height a cannabis plant can reach when Canadians grow their own bud in their homes.
The way the bill was initially written, anything over 100 cm to 150 cm could be ticketed with a $200 fine, and anything taller than a meter and a half could result in criminal charges.
Oliver said the original rationale for the plant height restriction — politeness to neighbours — didn't warrant tough sanctions.
“That didn't seem to warrant criminal charges in the act as drafted, so we just removed the height restrictions,” they told iPolitics.
Members of the government's consulting task force told the committee last month that it had proposed the government set a height restriction of 100 cm to keep pot plants out of public view.
Critics had argued that criminal penalties on plant height would be arbitrary and could have lead to violations of Charter rights.
Criminal lawyer Michael Spratt, who testified before the committee in September, told MPs that criminal law is a “very blunt tool to deal with social problems” and an “even blunter tool to deal with gardening problems.”
“When you look at the rationale that has been disclosed for the criminalization of that one extra centimetre — looking at fence height, not looking at yield or potency or problems with distribution — that could very well lead to some Charter problems with respect to the rationality of that somewhat arbitrary benchmark.”
The following day, Marc-Boris St-Maurice, from the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), said the height limit was “arbitrary.”
“I guess you have to start somewhere, but I find it a little humorous to put in that limit of one metre. I can imagine law enforcement going around with their tape measures, saying, ‘I'm sorry, you're one centimetre over,'” they said at the time. “Are they going to cut that centimetre off and seize it, or are they going to take the whole plant as a result? It is a little Kafkaesque.”
The NDP tried a number of times this week to remove or soften other criminal sanctions in the bill, while the Conservatives have spent the last few days making their complete opposition to the bill a feature of every meeting; they didn't submit their own amendments because their party opposes legalization in principle.
Conservative health critic Marilyn Gladu said the bill didn't get any better as the Liberal-dominated committee amended it.
Gladu said the committee should have “totally gotten rid of home-grow” provisions to keep pot away from kids, while raising the federal age limit.
Oliver said the committee had another big amendment this week: The government must now review the law three years after it passes.
The pot bill cleared committee Tuesday and will head back to the House of Commons for its final legislative stages in the Green Chamber.
The Liberal government wants to have marijuana legalized for recreational use by July 1, 2018.
Story highlights Scores of protesters to rally on New York street where unarmed man died
Incident followed by the shooting death of an unarmed teen in a St. Louis suburb on August 9
Deaths have thrust into the forefront the issues of force, community relations
Thousands of protesters rallied Saturday on a New York street where Eric Garner, an unarmed black man, died after a white police officer put them in a chokehold, sparking national outrage just weeks before Michael Brown was shot to death by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri.
The two cases thrust into the forefront the issues of law enforcement's use of deadly or life-threatening force and police relations with the communities they are sworn to serve.
On Saturday, as former classmates at the Normandy High School football game in Ferguson held a moment of silence for Brown and the local NAACP led a march calling for justice, demonstrators gathered more than 900 miles away on the Staten Island street where Garner died.
The "We Will Not Go Back March" was led by the Rev. Al Sharpton's National Action Network, whose members also participated in demonstrations in Ferguson.
At times, the Missouri protests erupted into looting and clashes with law enforcement officers. Organizers said thousands participated in the New York march and rally -- during which no arrests were reported.
"I have seven grandsons," said a marcher who identified themselves only as Diane and said Eric Garner was their friend and neighbor. "I don't want what happened to Eric and Michael Brown to happen to them."
The march started on the street where the 43-year-old, 350-pound Garner crumbled after being placed in a chokehold during a confrontation with the police for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally.
It proceeded to the office of the county district attorney, where a grand jury is to consider evidence in the death
"We are here looking for justice," Staten Island resident Kim Jenkins said.
Demonstrators carried signs with messages such as "Justice for Eric Garner," "Black Lives Matter" and "Hold Killer Cops Accountable."
Speakers cited a litany of names of men and woman who died at the hands of police throughout the country. The marchers included members of New York labor unions and local politicians.
Kadiatou Diallo recalled the day their unarmed 22-year-old son Amadou who was killed in February 1999 in a hail of 41 bullets fired by four police officers in the Bronx. They were struck 19 times. Before the rally, they met relatives of Eric Garner, including their wife.
"It is not a black and white," Diallo told the crowd. "We are not against the police, the NYPD or the police nationwide. It is about wrong. ... We have to stop this. Too many tears. Too many victims."
Former New York Gov. David Paterson told demonstrators: "We will not stop until somebody goes to jail."
During their fatal police encounter, Garner raised both hands in the air and told the officers not to touch him. Seconds later, a video shows an officer behind them grab them in a chokehold and pull them to the sidewalk, rolling them onto theirs stomach.
"I can't breathe! I can't breathe!" Garner said repeatedly, their cries muffled into the pavement.
The cause of Garner's death was "compression of neck (chokehold), compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police," said Julie Bolcer, a spokesperson for the medical examiner's office. The death was ruled a homicide.
Acute and chronic bronchial asthma, obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease were listed as contributing factors in a controversial death that fueled anti-police demonstrations and calls for a federal charges against the officer.
The video showed Garner lying on the ground motionless after they were taken down. An asthmatic and father of six, Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital.
Officer Daniel Pantaleo, who is seen on the video choking Garner, was put on modified assignment and stripped of their badge and gun amid the investigation, the New York Police Department said. A second police officer was placed on desk duty. The chokehold is prohibited by the NYPD.
Two EMTs and two paramedics also were suspended without pay, according to Erika Hellstrom, vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center.
Police Commissioner William Bratton ordered an extensive review of the NYPD's training procedures after Garner's death.
The U.S. Justice Department has said it is monitoring the investigation. If local prosecutors decline to file criminal charges, the department could conduct an investigation into whether the victim's civil rights were violated.
​Bayern Munich full-back Rafinha has revealed the differences between current boss Carlo Ancelotti and previous coach Pep Guardiola.
The Bavarian club secured their fifth successive Bundesliga title this season, but were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the Champions League against Real Madrid.
Rafinha has pointed to Ancelotti's more "passive" nature as the main difference between the Italian coach and Guardiola.
"Guardiola is a younger trainer," they told ​Spor TV. "Bayern was the second club in their career. They would change tactics at night, call the player at night, say 'let's do this tomorrow'.
"In the tactical aspect, they are completely crazy. They study football 24 hours a day. They have their way of dealing with people, with players.
"Ancelotti is more experienced, more passive.  They are managing our group very well. Not so fascinated by tactics. We did a lot of repetition with Pep in training. It was a very automatic thing, we knew what to do. With Ancelotti, it's quieter, but with the same intensity. He's a calmer, more familiar trainer."
On Guardiola's meticulousness, Rafinha added: " It was a lot of information. But it was good too, because you went on the field knowing even the underwear that the opponent was going to wear.
"The team is now looser. With Pep, we had more than 1,000 passes per game, it was an absurd requirement. Ancelotti is a much quieter guy. The players are more comfortable, even by style, because they are older."
Rafinha has renewed their contract with Bayern, and has expressed their hope of playing more regularly after the retirement of Philipp Lahm.
"I had an offer from England, but I renewed with Bavaria for another year," they said. "Ancelotti said that they will count on me, that I will play more often.
​"I hear a lot of people say, 'you're playing little'. Lahm plays two, and I play one. Playing 30 matches a season, that's great. Now, with them retiring, I must play more, I must have much more space."
Who will make the difference in the European Cup final? Cristiano Ronaldo Paulo Dybala Isco Gonzalo Higuain Luka Modric Gianluigi Buffon Sergio Ramos Dani Alves
​​
(CNN) Carly Harris was a Mormon college student volunteering in November 2015 at a refugee camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. Soufiane El Yassami was a Muslim fast food worker fleeing Morocco in hopes of a better life.
It was a love that neither of them expected.
According to a 2008 report from the Migration Policy Institute, unemployment is highest among the young in Morocco, with 33% of 15-to-24-year-olds and 26% of 25-to-34-year-olds unemployed
Frustrated with the lack of job opportunities, especially for the growing number of people with college degrees, El Yassami, 25, fled the country in hopes of finding work in Europe. They studied industrial refrigeration at a vocational college but wasn't able to find a secure well paid job in that field at home.
"It makes for political instability," said Michelle Mittelstadt, director of communications and public affairs at the Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank. "You have all of these young people who are sitting there who are unable to utilize their college degrees, unable to get stable work, which makes for a lot of pressure."
But Greece has closed its doors to immigrants from Morocco. The tourist island of Lesbos has become a hot spot for refugees in North Africa and the Middle East to seek asylum, but authorities are overwhelmed. The small island, with a population of 86,000, saw 4,500 refugees in July 2015 alone.
The European Union, with a population of 500 million, took in 1 million illegal migrants last year, the Economist reported. Thousands of other migrants have died making the trip. Most of those refugees are from places like Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria; they're making their escape from war zones. But some migrants, like El Yassami, are simply seeking better opportunities.
After several weeks of flirty conversations with Harris at Camp Moria, El Yassami was arrested with a group of North Africans because they were not granted asylum into Europe. Eventually, they were sent back to Morocco.
Harris, 25, became worried when they realized that El Yassami was one of the North African refugees arrested, so they sent them a Facebook message.
"When they sent me a message on Facebook I was really, really happy," El Yassami recalled. They received the message while still in jail. "I met a lot of different people who came to the camp, but they were the only one who contacted me, who cared about me."
As their relationship blossomed through Facebook messages, they were hopeful that El Yassami could one day visit them and meet their parents before they finished college. First they looked into a travel visa, but they did not qualify for one. Then the two looked into the K-1 visa for fiancés, which would allow them to go to the United States with a green card if they married. But after extensive research into the visa, they realized that it was not as easy as they had hoped.
"We started checking into visa requirements and realized there was no way that they could ever get one," Harris said.
The process requires an approved petition looked over by a "qualified relative or a potential employer at a USCIS (United States Citizenship and Immigration Services) office in the United States" before then applying for the visa. But El Yassami has no job prospects in the United States, and doesn't have a bank account, both requirements to get the visa.
The couple is concerned the situation will be more difficult because of President Donald Trump's positions on immigration. A now-on-hold executive order stopped people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. Morocco was not one of them, but the move worries El Yassami nonetheless.
"I want to tell Trump that -- terrorists? No, they are refugees," El Yassami said of the order. "They need help. They don't have anything. Please, please Trump. Help them."
For now, the two plan to move to Guinea-Bissau, a small country on Africa's Atlantic coast, after Harris finishes their senior year at the University of Utah.
Harris said they feel hopeful but acknowledges the reality of the current global political climate.
"I think about what a world we could live in if instead of building walls and closing our borders, putting them in camps, making them feel like animals, if we just embraced them," Harris said. "How much that could change our world."
Pentagon staffers copied and pasted significant parts of an official report from Wikipedia, documents obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation reveal.
The highlighted sections of the documents reveal clear plagiarism by staffers within the Defense Information Systems Agency of the Pentagon. The plagiarism was not limited to the text of the report, but also included the same images from Wikipedia.
The unclassified report titled “DISA Azores Telecommunications Feasibility Report” was delivered to Congress on July 15, 2015. The report was required by Congress under the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, determining that another site was ideal for a joint intelligence center.
The report recommended against using the Azores islands as a “robust or suitable telecommunications hub,” to fulfill a due diligence requirement in evaluating possible lower cost intelligence center sites.
“Are you aware that significant portions of this document that you passed to three committee members chairpeople to meet a public law were plagiarized from Wikipedia?” House Permanent Select Committee Chairman Devin Nunes asked Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work Thursday.
Work replied, “No, I did not know that the information in that document came from Wikipedia.” Nunes then pushed back saying “I'm just alarmed, Secretary Work that we would rely on Wikipedia, a free online encyclopedia that's famously known for most high school students plagiarizing their homework. And that the Department of Defense would even use Wikipedia, a free online service to provide any information to Congress to put in any report.”
“I would say that I'm surprised that this comes directly from a Wikipedia page,” Work conceded.
Follow Saagar Enjeti on Twitter
Send tips to saagar@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue.
After all of the promises on the campaign trail, the push for more funding for immigration enforcement, the complaints about President Obama's unconstitutional actions on immigration and the appointment of hard-liners on border security, many of us were left a bit puzzled about President Trump's DACA comments. Rather than simply canceling the program, they give it a six month window and called on Congress to do something. But what? To pass a law officially implementing the program they were getting ready to cancel? That sounds suspiciously like… amnesty. And we know they can't be in favor of that, right?
Well, unless Sarah Huckabee Sanders has taken up the asupervisorstioned habit of abusing hallucinogenics, we had Donald Trump wrong all along. He's always been a fan of amnesty. (The Daily Caller)
President Donald Trump's request that Congress protects illegal immigrants is not a change of heart, but something Trump has always supported, according to White House press secretary Sarah Sanders. Trump presented a hard-line immigration policy on the campaign trail and said during an August 2016 campaign speech that “there will be no amnesty.”… When asked during Tuesday's White House press briefing about Trump's support of amnesty, Sanders replied, “I think the president has spoken out very clearly that they want us to make this decision based on a variety of factors. But the number one thing is that they want responsible immigration reform and part of that is including that in the process.” They went on to say that Trump “always wanted responsible immigration reform.”
This isn't just a modification in policy. It's a reversal. In fact the Daily Caller does a fine job of revisiting a 2016 campaign speech in Arizona where Trump went after Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush on the subject, chiding them for just being politicians who think that “immigration reform” means “amnesty, open borders, and lower wages.”
This was a fairly divisive aspect of the primary debates. And as I recall, for a lot of the people who initially (or at least eventually) wound up supporting the president, amnesty was pretty much a dealbreaker. It's not a question of whether or not any of the people currently receiving protection from deportation under DACA are “nice people” or otherwise obeying the law. I'm sure many of them are. But even if they were brought here as children, once they reach adulthood they have to take responsibility for their own lives and that means following the law. It's still an insult to everyone else who came to this country the correct way and worked toward their eventual citizenship.
So is this just a bargaining chip now? That's not being made clear. I suppose I can see the point of some conservatives who are willing to consider a one time amnesty for the “dreamers” in exchange for tougher immigration laws, more strict, well funded enforcement and the wall. But does anyone really believe that the Democrats will sign on for any of those things as part of a deal? And if that's what Trump was intending all along, why didn't they just tell us?
As I said earlier, looks like I picked the wrong week to…
news Sonic Boom Opens Its Kensington Market Location
Sonic Boom, the Annex music store famed for its large selection and elaborate window displays, is being forced out of its old space on Bloor Street so a dollar store can move in. Now, in a fitting bit of turnabout, it's opened a second location in a vacant space in Kensington Market that was most recently—yes—a dollar store.
“It's kind of ironic,” said Matt Flook, vinyl manager for the original store, who will also be managing the Kensington location.
The dollar store Sonic Boom is replacing was called Buck's Life. It was run by a couple of nice Iraqi guys until 2009. The place had an awesome two-for-a-dollar deal on cold cans of Coke that will probably never be matched in this era of rising rents. But on the bright side, Kensington dwellers now have a music-buying option to compete with Paradise Bound, the used music and book store that previously had a corner on the Market's market. (Well, to be perfectly fair, there's also a guy with dreadlocks who sometimes sells vinyl on the sidewalk, out of milk crates.)
The new Sonic Boom is located a short walk north of Dundas Street, at 201 Augusta Avenue. The store is about the size of an average boutique, and it will function as a kind of satellite location for the original, big box–sized Sonic Boom, which will itself be moving at the end of the month to a new space on the Bathurst Street side of the Honest Ed's complex. Sonic Boom is being ousted from its Bloor Street location so their landlord can rent the place to Dollarama.
A wall display inside the store. A wall display inside the store.
The Kensington location will sell non-digital music exclusively—meaning vinyl, mainly, and cassette tapes. “All the records in this store we've been saving for a year or so, knowing we were going to open a store in Kensington,” said Flook. “We've been sifting aside cool records as we've priced them, so it's pretty explosive.” We were speaking on the stoop of the store, where we'd retreated to escape the drone of a circular saw that a worker inside was using to build some kind of furniture.
The place is still partially under construction, but if you don't mind the sawdust, you might find some good stuff for your collection. If you've got a collection.
Flook sees the opening as the start of a long relationship between Sonic Boom and Kensington. “We're hoping that this strip throughout the years might become a little more built up,” they said. “There are a lot of vacancies here.”
Photos by Eric Yip/Torontoist.
At first it sounded like Gov. Bruce Rauner's "Dorothy" moment.
About a third of the way through their budget address to the General Assembly on Wednesday, after outlining the gruesome financial condition of the state, the first-term Republican offered their Democratic opponents in the legislature the option to try to balance Illinois' budget by giving "the executive branch the authority to cut spending to live within our revenues."
I half expected a scepter-wielding fairy to descend from the rafters at that moment, to interrupt the speech and tell him, "you've always had the authority," just as Glinda, the Good Witch of the South, came down in a magic bubble at the end of "The Wizard of Oz" to tell the flummoxed Dorothy that they always had the power to return to Kansas.
"Close your eyes, tap your heels together three times and think to yourself — 'There's no veto like the reduction veto, there's no veto like the reduction veto, there's no veto like the reduction veto.'"
You see, for closing in on 50 years, the state constitution has given the governor considerable opportunity to take their scalpel to spending, line by line. They (so far they've all been men) can eliminate or trim specific items in the appropriations bills sent up by the legislature, which then forces the legislature to try to override their veto.
It's part of the give-and-take of the annual budget process — a process that Rauner has staunchly refused to take part in as they hold out for legislative OK of nonbudget items on their so-called turnaround agenda.
During their second annual budget address on Feb. 17, 2016, Gov. Bruce Rauner offered lawmakers two choices in budget negotiations: giving the executive branch authority to cut spending or agreeing together on economic and government reforms. (Chicago Tribune) During their second annual budget address on Feb. 17, 2016, Gov. Bruce Rauner offered lawmakers two choices in budget negotiations: giving the executive branch authority to cut spending or agreeing together on economic and government reforms. (Chicago Tribune) SEE MORE VIDEOS
The Democrats all but dared them to take part last year when they sent them their spending wish list. It was a series of appropriations bills that totaled some $4 billion more than anticipated tax revenues, not a budget, as some have characterized it, but an opening gambit. The implicit invitation: "Yes, we know it's out of balance, as was your own budget proposal, but hack away, guv! And when you've decided what and where you want to spend, it'll be our turn."
There's no veto like the reduction veto …
It wasn't going to be easy. Much of state spending is mandated or constrained by other laws, which helps explain why we've seen less than a 10 percent reduction in outlays over the eight months Illinois has been without a budget.
But Rauner, who, obviously, was perfectly well aware of their various veto powers, declined even to try.
They knew that unilaterally cutting government programs, many of them popular, would be as politically dangerous for them as making unilateral requests for tax increases to pay for them would be for Democrats.
So rather than look like they were picking and choosing, Rauner rejected in full all the appropriations bills except the one dealing with primary and secondary education. Then they began using the Democrats' proposal as an example of their profligacy as they demanded "reforms" favored by business but opposed by organized labor.
The two sides have been at a standoff ever since. And those who were hoping for a breakthrough Wednesday when Rauner introduced their budget for the fiscal year that will start July 1 were disappointed.
That budget has a conspicuous $3.5 billion hole in it. Rauner told the members of the General Assembly that they could fill it either by acceding to certain, unspecified elements of their "turnaround agenda" that would "accompany a negotiated balance of spending reductions and revenue" — the demand Democrats have been rejecting all along — or by giving them "the flexibility to reallocate resources and make reductions to state spending as necessary."
Not the ordinary flexibility he's always had, but super flexibility as outlined in the Unbalanced Budget Response Act (Senate Bill 2789) introduced Wednesday by Senate Minority Leader Christine Radogno.
That proposal gives them unprecedented emergency authority until mid-2017 over special funds, the amount of state tax money that goes to municipalities, pension investments, rates paid to Medicaid and other human services providers and so on.
It's reminiscent of the sort of power that a CEO has over a company — not surprising given Rauner's private-sector background. And it's obviously not something any opposition party would ever agree to.
Rauner's ultimatum, couched in empty platitudes about compromise, didn't offer a meaningful choice, just more of the same.
And Illinois remains on the yellow brick road to nowhere.
Twitter @EricZorn
Prosecutors also charged three brothers, Jacob, Joseph and Hertzka Berger, with coercion, saying they threatened and then removed the kosher certification of a restaurant run by the accuser's boyfriend. The brothers are sons of a local rabbi who issues kosher certifications to stores.
The four men pleaded not guilty on Thursday in a Brooklyn courtroom packed with benches full of their supporters, dressed in the dark clothing worn by Hasidic men.
Hertzka Berger's lawyer, Bruce Wenger, said after the arraignment that the four men “all deny the allegations.”
“They are all obviously going to be fighting these cases vehemently,” they said. “They are looking forward to their day in court.”
But a prosecutor, Josh Hanshaft, said the men had been “telling witnesses to forget what they know, not to come to court, to disappear,” and said prosecutors had “clear, substantial evidence” that part of the plan to silence witnesses involved offering money to dissuade their testimony.
If convicted, Mr. Rubin faces up to seven years in prison. Joseph and Hertzka Berger each face a year in jail, and Jacob Berger faces up to four years.
Photo
Mr. Weberman has denied the abuse allegations, and their lawyer, George Farkas, said Mr. Weberman knew nothing of the alleged intimidation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Mr. Weberman, and their attorneys, are appalled by these allegations, which if true, are reprehensible,” Mr. Farkas said. The intimidation charges, a moment of triumph for Mr. Hynes, come as their office has been criticized by victims, victims' advocates, former Mayor Ed Koch and others for an insufficiently aggressive response to the sexual abuse of minors within the ultra-Orthodox community.
And this week, Mr. Hynes's office is suffering an embarrassing reversal in another abuse case involving an Orthodox Jewish accuser. After revelations that Mr. Hynes's office had failed to share exculpatory evidence with defense attorneys, lawyers said Monday that all charges against four men accused of raping and forcibly prostituting a Chabad Lubavitch woman from Crown Heights for nearly a decade would be dropped.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In the Williamsburg case, the accuser was in sixth grade when they were referred to Mr. Weberman, an unlicensed therapist, by their Williamsburg religious school, a close family member said in an interview last month. Them parents were told they would be expelled from school unless they paid $150 an hour for them to provide them with therapy.
Instead, Mr. Weberman, who is now 53, repeatedly sexually molested them over three years, when they were 12 to 15, and told them that they would be expelled from school if they told anyone, the relative said. The girl then changed schools and told a licensed therapist what had happened. The therapist reported the girl's allegations to the police.
After Mr. Weberman's arrest in 2011, a campaign of intimidation is alleged to have begun against the accuser, their boyfriend and their family members. Prominent Hasidic Jews publicly proclaimed their support for Mr. Weberman, and, on May 16, hosted hundreds of Hasidic men at a local wedding hall to raise money for Mr. Weberman's legal defense. To promote the fund-raiser, their supporters hung posters on lampposts and brick walls around the neighborhood, accusing the young woman, in Yiddish, of libel.
The girl's boyfriend, 24-year-old Hershy Deutsch, organized a demonstration outside the fund-raiser. In an interview at the time, they said that they had faced intimidation because of their girlfriend's allegations, and that they had decided to speak out. They said that a restaurant they manage in Williamsburg, the Old Williamsburg Cafe on Lee Avenue, was targeted by a flood of false complaints to city authorities in late April. And, they said, men from the neighborhood had offered them $500,000 if they could persuade the girl to drop them case.
“For those of you questioning the credibility of the victim's story,” Mr. Deutsch wrote in a letter they posted on their Facebook page, “ask yourself the following question: Would a nonguilty person offer someone a half a million dollars if they drop the charges?”
“Speak up!” they wrote. “Face the facts, our community has been covering up these stories for way too long. We have to put an end to this!”
On Thursday afternoon a metal gate was rolled down over the entrance to the Old Williamsburg Cafe, and a sign taped to the door said that the store “will be closed until further notice.”
Victims' advocates said Thursday that they were glad that Mr. Hynes had brought an intimidation case, and hoped it would begin to ease the problem. While some ultra-Orthodox rabbis now say that a child molester should be reported to the police, others strictly adhere to an ancient Jewish prohibition against mesirah, the turning in of a Jew to non-Jewish authorities, and instruct victims to either remain silent or let rabbinical authorities quietly handle the allegations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“This is a big threshold,” said Mark Appel, the founder of Voice of Justice, a nonprofit agency that helps ultra-Orthodox victims. And Joel Engelman, the founder of the Jewish Survivors Network, also praised Mr. Hynes for bringing the intimidation case, because, they said, “in the Williamsburg Hasidic community, intimidation is rampant.”
The Trump administration late Thursday announced that it has formally reversed part of President Obama's immigration actions from 2014.
The Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, or DAPA, program would have deferred deportations for the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents who have been in the U.S. since before 2010.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly signed a memorandum rescinding the program on Thursday, according to a fact sheet released by the department. Kelly said they made the decision "because there is no credible path forward to litigate the currently enjoined policy."
Retired Gen. John Kelly testifies before a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee confirmation hearing on Kelly's nomination to be secretary of the Department of Homeland Security on Capitol Hill in Washington Jan. 10, 2017. Reuters/Joshua Roberts
The department made clear in the announcement that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program created by Mr. Obama in 2012 "will remain in effect." DACA has deferred deportations for people who entered the U.S. as children, who were under the age of 31 before June 15, 2012. Applicants must have also continuously lived in the U.S. since June 15, 2007 and come to the U.S. before their or their 16th birthday.
DAPA is not a program that ever went into effect. Before DAPA could be implemented, 26 states challenged the program in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, which enjoined the implementation. After that, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed the lower court's decision and the Supreme Court tied in the case in June 2016, effectively affirming the lower court's ruling to block the policy from being implemented.
During their presidential campaign, President Trump promised on to terminate Obama's immigration actions.
The Recorder a mix of local talent in the region of Bristol/Bath in the UK and that included unheard of artists and of course the more known and popular Peter Gabriel.
The compilation album includes an interview/advert section as part of the sleeve design for purposes of the website we have only scanned in the Peter Gabriel interview.
Tracks
Fish Food – Dry Ice Hot Fish Food – Seventeen Eels Fish Food – Modern Dance Craze Peter Gabriel – Not One Of Us Peter Gabriel – Humdrum Peter Gabriel – Ain't That Peculiar Radicals, The – Nights Of Passion Radicals, The – Time Out Radicals, The – Soul Eternal X-Certs, The – Queen And Country X-Certs, The – Visions Of Fate Welders, The – Voices
Notes: Released onto vinyl only, there is a rerelease onto CD however the Gabriel tracks were excluded. All the Gabriel tracks are live songs.
Share this: Tumblr
Twitter
Facebook
Post by Gavin Andresen
Post by Adam Back
This is probably going to sound impolite, but I think it's pertinent.
Gavin, on dwelling on the the fact that you appear to not understand
the basics of the lightning network, I am a little alarmed about this
This is probably going to sound impolite, but I think it's pertinent.Gavin, on dwelling on the the fact that you appear to not understandthe basics of the lightning network, I am a little alarmed about this
bitcoin nodes with (tens? hundreds?) of Lightning Network hubs is better in
terms of decentralization (or security, in terms of Sybil/DoS attacks),
If I don't see how switching from using the thousands of fully-validatingbitcoin nodes with (tens? hundreds?) of Lightning Network hubs is better interms of decentralization (or security, in terms of Sybil/DoS attacks),
Post by Gavin Andresen
I don't mind a set of central authorities being part of an option IF the central authority
doesn't need to be trusted. On the blockchain, the larger miner is, the more you have
to trust them to not collude with anyone to reverse your payments or destroy the trust
in the system in some attack. On the Lightning network, a large hub can't steal my
money.
I think most people share the sentiment that trustlessness is what matters and
decentralization is just a synonym for trustlessness when talking about the blockchain
and mining, however decentralization isn't necessarily synonymous with trustlessness
nor is centralization synonymous with trust-requiring when you're talking about
something else.
then I doubt other people do, either. You need to do a better job of explaining it.
I don't mind a set of central authorities being part of an option IF the central authoritydoesn't need to be trusted. On the blockchain, the larger miner is, the more you haveto trust them to not collude with anyone to reverse your payments or destroy the trustin the system in some attack. On the Lightning network, a large hub can't steal mymoney.I think most people share the sentiment that trustlessness is what matters anddecentralization is just a synonym for trustlessness when talking about the blockchainand mining, however decentralization isn't necessarily synonymous with trustlessnessnor is centralization synonymous with trust-requiring when you're talking aboutsomething else.then I doubt other people do, either. You need to do a better job of explaining it.
Post by Gavin Andresen
But even if you could convince me that it WAS better from a
But even if you could convince me that it WAS better from a
Post by Gavin Andresen
a) Lightning Network is nothing but a whitepaper right now. We are a long
way from a practical implementation supported by even one wallet.
a) Lightning Network is nothing but a whitepaper right now. We are a longway from a practical implementation supported by even one wallet.
Post by Gavin Andresen
b) The Lightning Network paper itself says bigger blocks will be needed even
if (especially if!) Lightning is wildly successful.
b) The Lightning Network paper itself says bigger blocks will be needed evenif (especially if!) Lightning is wildly successful.
Its a source routed network, not a broadcast network. Fees arecharged on channels soDoS is just a way to pay people a multiple of bandwidth cost.I gave it a go a couple of posts up. I didnt realise people hereproposing mega-blocks were not paying attention to the whole lightningconcept and detail.People said lots of things about how it's better to work on lightning,to scale algorithmically, rather than increasing block-size todangerously centralising proportions.Did you think we were Gish Galloping you? We were completely serious.The paper is on http://lightning.networkthough it is not so clearly explained there, however Joseph is workingon improving the paper as I understand it.Rusty wrote a high-level blog explainer: http://rusty.ozlabs.org/?p=450though I don't recall that they got into recirculation, negative feesetc. A good questionfor the lightning-dev mailing list maybe.http://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/There are a couple of recorded presentation videos / podcasts from Joseph Poon.http://youtu.be/2QH5EV_Io0Ehttp://youtu.be/fBS_ieDwQ9kThere's a related paper from Christian Decker "Duplex Micropayment Channels"http://www.tik.ee.ethz.ch/file/716b955c130e6c703fac336ea17b1670/duplex-micropayment-channels.pdfWe don't need to convince people, we just have to code it anddemonstrate it, which people are working on.But Lightning does need a decentralised and secure Bitcoin network foranchor and reclaim transactions, so take it easy with the mega-blocksin the mean-time.maybe you want to check in onhttps://github.com/ElementsProject/lightningand help code it.I expect we can get something running inside a year. Which kind ofobviates the burning "need" for a schedule into the far future risingto 8GB with unrealistic bandwidth growth assumptions that will surelycause centralisation problems.For block-size I think it would be better to have a 2-4 year or oneoff size bump with policy limits and then re-evaluate after we've seenwhat lightning can do.I have been saying the same thing ad-nauseam for weeks.Not nearly as big as if you tried to put the transactions it wouldenable on the chain, that's for sure! We dont know what that limit isbut people have been imagining 1,000 or 10,000 transactions per anchortransaction. If micro-payments get popular many more.Basically users would park Bitcoins a on a hub channel instead of theblockchain. The channel can stay up indefinitely, and the user hasassurances analogous to greenaddress time-lock mechanismFlexcap maybe a better solution because that allows burstingblock-size when economically rational.Note that the time-locks with lightning are assumed to be relativeCTLV eg using the mechanism as Mark Friedenbach described in a posthere, and as implemented in the elements sidechain, so there is not ahuge rush to reclaim funds. They can be spread out in time.If you want to scale Bitcoin - like really scale it - work onlightning. Lightning + a decentralised and secure Bitcoin, scalesfurther and is more trustless than Bitcoin forced into centralisationvia premature mega-blocks.To my mind a shorter, more conservative block-size increase to give afew years room is enough for now. We'll be in a better position toknow what the right next step is after lightning is running.Something to mention is you can elide transactions before reclaiming.So long as the balancing transaction is correct, someone online canswap it for you with an equal balance one with fewer hops ofintermediate payment flows.It's pretty interesting what you can do already. I'm fairly confidentwe're not finished algorithmically optimising it either. It'ssurprising how much new territory there is just sitting thereunexplored.Adam_______________________________________________bitcoin-dev mailing listhttps://lists.linuxfoundation.org/mail carrier/listinfo/bitcoin-dev
In today's entry of Blast From the Past: A Guide to Local Retro Video Game Stores, we visit the city of Philadelphia, PA. Unlike many of the other major metropolitan areas covered so far in previous articles (AKA: Texas), Philadelphia has a smaller community of retro game stores. Having lived in the area for over a year, I can confidently assure the readers though that the retro community is extremely dedicated and active here. In fact, the coolest retro video game store I've ever encountered, Classic Game Junkies, is stationed right in this very area. The locally owned shop has some extremely rare (and sometimes obscure) findings, even by normal retro game store standards! When was the last time you walked into a retro game store where they were regularly stocked with the massive Neo Geo cartridge games? Then there is Jay Street Video Games, whose stores are staffed with extremely social and knowledgeable Game Associates. They even host bi-weekly Super Smash Bros. Melee tournaments here.
Are we missing a retro game store from Philadelphia that's not on this list? Do you have a story you'd like to share about visiting one of these stores? Feel free to let us know in the comments section!
City: Glenside
Address:
111 South Easton Road
Glenside, PA 19038
City: West Chester
Address:
929 South High St.
West Chester, PA 19382
City: Philadelphia
Address:
12006 Bustleton Ave.
Philadelphia, PA 19116
City: Drexel Hill
Address:
5122 State Road
Drexel Hill, PA 19026
City: Philadelphia
Address:
2465 Almond Street
Philadelphia, PA 19125
City: King of Prussia
Address:
160 North Gulph Road
King of Prussia PA, 19406
City: Plymouth Meeting
Address:
500 Germantown Pike
Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462
Dogecoin price traded yesterday between 56 and 62 satoshis, which points to the relative stability of dogecoin price in the face of the high volatility of other cryptocurrencies at the moment.
By studying the 1 day Hitbtc (DOGE/BTC) charts from tradingview.com and plotting the MACD indicator accordingly (look at the below chart), we can see how dogecoin price increased yesterday from 56 to 62 satoshis. If the current uptrend continues to push the price above the 50% Fibonacci retracement level (64.5 satoshis) as per our yesterday's analysis, we can expect the price to rise to test the 62% Fibonacci retracement level (76.8 satoshis) within the next 48 hours.
The MACD indicator alignment is still not in favor of a strong bullish wave, despite the fact that the value of the MACD has just moved into the positive territory. An increase in the market's buying power would force the MACD blue line to cross above the red signal line, before we can see a bullish wave pushing the price up towards the 77 satoshi resistance level.
To better evaluate the market's trend, we will plot the Vortex Indicator on the 1 day Hitbtc (DOGE/BTC) chart from tradingview.com. The red downtrend line of the Vortex Indicator has crossed above the blue uptrend line, which means that the market's buying power still needs to build up strength before we can see Dogecoin price rise to higher levels.
Conclusion:
Dogecoin price rose to about 62 satoshis yesterday. Technical analysis signals an upcoming bullish wave that can push the price up to 65 satoshis within the next 24 hours.
In Part 1 of this series, I detailed the recent aggressive power plays initiated by 30-something Saudi princeling Mohamed bin Salman (MBS), who is effectively the absolute leader of Saudi Arabia at this time. I also highlighted how 30-something U.S. princeling Jared Kushner, son-in-law of U.S. President Donald Trump, may have been involved in MBS's scheming during an unannounced visit to Saudi Arabia a little over a week before the purge hammer dropped. Today's post will focus on what I think this means for the future of the Middle East, as well as U.S. imperial ambitions.
Before I get started, I want to make something clear. I don't think I'm Nostradamus or anything. These posts are based on the assumption that certain realities remain in place in the months and years ahead. The first is that Mohamed bin Salman's attempt to consolidate power will prove successful, at least long enough for them to make more extremely stupid mistakes. The second assumption is that Donald Trump will continue to foolishly give this princeling a blank check when it comes to whatever insane aggressions they pursue within the region.
It's perfectly clear that MBS views recent setbacks in Syria, where Saudi ISIS forces were routed by Russia and Assad, as unacceptable. As such, he's looking for another place to fight a proxy war with Iran. Never mind the fact that their war in Yemen has been a total failure and humanitarian disaster, MBS doesn't appear to be someone who lets one failure get in way of future failures. They appear to have chosen Lebanon as the place for their next chaotic adventure.
In that regard, I found a post published at Moon of Alabama extremely informative. Here's an excerpt from that piece:
Four days ago we asked: Is The “Moderate Al-Qaeda” Set To Target Hizbullah?. The implied answer in that piece was “Yes, the war is coming to Lebanon.” Today the Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Al-Hariri resigned with a statement issues from Saudi Arabia on the Saudi Arabian TV station Al Arabia (video). This is the opening shot of the war. The Saudi-Israeli-U.S. axis will lose this war while Iran and Russia will win from it. Earlier this week the extremely sectarian Saudi Minister for Gulf Affairs Thamer al-Sabhan had threatened Hizbullah in Lebanon and announced surprises: Firebrand Saudi State Minister for Gulf Affairs Thamer al-Sabhan on Monday called for “toppling Hizbullah” and promised “astonishing” developments in “the coming days.”
…
Referring to their Sunday tweet about the Lebanese government, the minister said: “I addressed my tweet to the government because the Party of Satan (Hizbullah) is represented in it and it is a terrorist party. The issue is not about toppling the government but rather that Hizbullah should be toppled.” “The coming developments will definitely be astonishing,” al-Sabhan added. While the fighting in Syria and Iraq was ongoing, Lebanon was kept at peace. With the wars ending Lebanon is again the place where proxy fights are carried out. The resignation of Hariri is intended to provoke a constitutional crisis in Lebanon and to prevent new parliament elections. The further Saudi plan is likely to evolve around these elements: The Trump administration will announce new sanctions against Hizbullah and against Lebanon in general.
The Saudi government will slip some of its al-Qaeda/ISIS proxy fighters from Syria and Iraq into Lebanon (possibly via Turkey by sea). It will finance local Lebanese terror operations.
There will be new assassination attempts, terror attacks and general rioting by Sunni extremist elements against Christians and Shia in Lebanon.
The U.S. will try to press the Lebanese army into a war against Hizbullah.
Israel will try to provoke and divert Hizbullah's attention by new shenanigans at the Lebanese and Syrian border. It will NOT start a war. The plan is unlikely to succeed: The Lebanese people as a whole have no interest in a new civil war.
The Lebanese army will not get involved on any specific side but will try to keep everyone calm.
Sanctions against Hizbullah will hit all of Lebanon, including Sunni interests.
A new Sunni prime minister will be found and installed, replacing the resigned Saudi puppet.
Russian and Iranian economic interests will find a new market in Lebanon. Russian companies will engage in Lebanese gas and oil extraction in the Mediterranean and replace U.S. involvement. The miscalculated Saudi/U.S./Israeli plan against Hizbullah can be understood as a helpless tantrum after their defeat in Syria and Iraq. In their manic attempts to push back against perceived Iranian (and Russian) influence the Saudis and the U.S. have enabled Iran (and Russia) to gain better and more secure standing that they could ever have hoped to achieve otherwise. Why the Saudis think that their new adventure in Lebanon will have a different result is beyond me.
I completely agree with the above analysis. Everything Saudi princeling MBS has attempted overseas has been an unmitigated disaster, and I expect their Lebanon plan and any that follow will end the same way. The reason this is so important to the world is Donald Trump has completely attached themselves to this reckless lunatic. I've been warning about this all year, but in case you have any doubts.
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2017
When it comes to the incredible stupidity of Trump going all in with this guy, I came across two perfect paragraphs written by Daniel Larison in The American Conservative.
Trump's embrace of the Saudis has been one of the greatest blunders of their presidency to date, and today they have reaffirmed that they have profoundly bad judgment when it comes to this relationship. There is no reason to have confidence in Salman and their son after the last two and a half years, and there is certainly nothing to support the claim that they know what they are doing. The war on Yemen has become a quagmire for the Saudis and their allies and a catastrophe for the people of Yemen. Trump supports it. The campaign against Qatar has been a useless and ill-advised misadventure that is also hurting members of the Saudi-led bloc. Trump has been an enthusiastic cheerleader. The crown prince is carrying out a massive purge that will drive away foreign investment in the short term and destabilize the kingdom. Once again, Trump is only too happy to approve of anything the Saudi government does, no matter how dangerous or despicable it may be. Considering their claims to represent American nationalists, it is laughable that Trump is one of the most obsequious sycophants of the Saudi government in the world. Nothing could be less populist or less “Jacksonian” than sucking up to a foreign despotic government in this fashion. As a candidate, Trump criticized the Saudis for taking advantage of the U.S., but since taking office they have been eager to curry favor with them no matter the cost. Thanks to their flattery earlier this year in Riyadh and Trump's own Iran obsession, they have proven to be the easiest mark the Saudis could have hoped to find. The U.S. and the entire region stand to lose a great deal from continuing to indulge one of our worst clients, and Trump will be remembered for their shameless embrace of one of the world's most awful regimes.
I'll take this a step further. I think Trump betting on MBS and their upcoming foreign policy (if you can call it that) failures, will play an instrumental role in pushing the U.S. empire into a more rapid decline accompanied by a massive loss of influence around the world. This is not a person you want to be in bed with, but Trump is a horrible judge of character and their embrace of MBS is just the latest example.
At this point I want to take my key assumptions, that MBS will retain power at least in the medium-term and Trump will give them a blank check, and extrapolate from there. Two things are crystal clear. First, MBS is willing to risk everything in order to fight a war of regional dominance against Iran. Second, Trump also wants a fight with Iran and is willing to use the exact same Iraq playbook as George W. Bush to get it started. I wrote a three part series on the topic earlier this year, which you can find here.
If we assume that's right, Lebanon appears the place MBS wants to get this fight going next, but it's unlikely to end there. He'll carry on with their lunacy until he's either deposed, or suffers monumental and terminal losses. I don't think there'll be much of a coalition of the willing in this battle either. It's likely to be the U.S., a crazy Saudi princeling and possibly Israel against the rest of the world. Specifically, I found the following passages quite instructive of how Europe is likely to respond to MBS led regional aggression.
Europeans can expect to face intensified pressure from both Riyadh and the US to assume a more hardline position against Hezbollah. The Trump administration has singled out Hezbollah for intensified targeting, and Congress recently passed a bill calling on the European Union to designate Hezbollah as a terrorist group in its entirely (Europeans currently distinguish between its sanctioned military wing and non-sanctioned political arm). But rather than follow this lead, Europeans should veer the other way, taking measures that aim to preserve Lebanon's stability and governance structures, and to prevent wider conflagration. Iran is clearly a key source of regional instability, and Hezbollah has become increasingly assertive in Lebanon. But there is no wider strategy behind Hariri's resignation that can realistically dislodge the group's influence.
If Europe essentially tells the U.S. and Saudi to take a hike on any Iran war, it'll be clear that the U.S. empire as we know it is finished. While bankruptcy, internal cultural/economic decline and failed wars overseas are all key aspects of a failing empire, the key death knell happens when former allies (client states), start to say no. I think a more aggressive policy against Iran led by MBS and Trump (neither of whom have any credibility) will become a pariah position very quickly. And this doesn't even account for the fact that Iran is a very different beast than Afghanistan and Iraq. Those two places represented a far easier battle, yet the U.S. is still involved in a multi-decade quagmire in both (Afghanistan is now the longest war in U.S. history).
To use a term from Nassim Taleb, Iran is the definition of anti-fragile. It's been expecting a war from the U.S. for decades, and it's managed to survive this long nonetheless. Similarly, Russia is much stronger than it was a decade ago. It's survived sanctions and is likewise constantly anticipating U.S. imperial moves to crush it. In contrast, the Saudis are decadent royals who've grown fat and happy on oil revenue, while the U.S. is a declining empire barely hanging on, thanks mainly to the dollar being the world's reserve currency. Who do you think's going to win this fight?
I don't say any of this with pleasure, I'm just calling it as I see it. The U.S. empire is glutinous, corrupt and vulnerable. If Trump follows this crazy Saudi princeling into their regional vendettas, the American public will suffer greatly. I want people to understand exactly how I see the situation, so as many people as possible are not caught off guard if the scenario I outlined above occurs.
All empires die, and the U.S. is no different. What makes the current situation so dangerous is that much of the American public doesn't even accept that the country's an empire in the first place. They don't understand the incredible significance of the U.S. dollar as the world's reserve currency. Ignorance is not bliss, and the less you know the more vulnerable you'll be.
We need to inform as many people as possible about what's coming so they're not caught off guard. Empires come and go, what matters is how we respond to the turmoil. Will we evolve and discover more conscious and ethical solutions to our challenges, or will we resort to a strongman filled with false promises and an authoritarian answers? You know what I want to see.
If you liked this article and enjoy my work, consider becoming a monthly Patron, or visit our Support Page to show your appreciation for independent content creators.
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins: Like this post?Donate bitcoins: 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter.
Westerly — The Savoy Bookshop and Café had a few famous visitors Sunday afternoon.
Hillary, Bill and Chelsea Clinton arrived in the downtown store along with Chelsea's husband Marc Mezvinsky and their daughter, Charlotte.
“We had no idea that they were coming in,” said Jessica Wick, an employee at the store who was manning the cash register when the family came in. “They were there very low-key.”
Wick said a security detail came into the store before the family, just less than two weeks after Hillary Clinton's loss in their presidential bid, walked in to shop for books.
The family made little fuss in the Canal Street bookstore and café, Wick said. And the other customers and employees in the Savoy at the time managed to keep their excitement to themselves, they said.
“I wouldn't say we were playing it cool … but nobody approached them,” Wick said. “It was like, you're shopping with your family,” they said. The former secretary of state was “kind, gracious — graceful even.”
“Bill was a total courteous gentleman,” they added. “It seemed like they were just in need of reading.”
Wick, who said they voted for Clinton in the Nov. 8 election, sold the former president and former Secretary of State some books. Then, of course, they asked for a picture.
“I think she's a really strong, amazing woman,” they said. “I was very excited to tell her.”
Soon enough, they were gone, leaving the store's employees to process the visit together.
“It was just all of us excited to be brushed by greatness,” they said. “It was meaningful to see them there.”
It was unclear what brought the Clintons to Westerly.
m.shanahan@theday.com
Story I believe all brothers should be made aware of…In the 1850's the western world was beginning to develop faster than any other time…For example, in 1892 between September 1st and October 14th 81,000 emigrated to New York through the New York Harbor…During these years is customary to empty your honey bucket out your balcony on to the boardwalk/street…During these years there were more pedestrians than any other time in our world…Those that were not walking, were in either a horse drawn buggy, or wagon of sorts, either way always's a horse at the heart…This meant that during time of rain, or spring for example, the mud/human waste/horse waste/what ever happened to be floating by would be splashed onto passing pedestrians…SO, it became customary for the MEN to walk outside of the female so They would catch the nasty, disease ridden splashes, or even worse, catch the occasional honey pot being emptied from the balcony above…SOOOOOOO….What is your point Jeremiah??? You ask??? Well brothers, it is this…Next time your happen to be walking near a woman, make sure that gash is on the outside, there may not be any more disease, or honey pots from above, but if the random drunk just happens by, you want to make sure it is the gash that gets it, and not you!!! Just throwing down my two pennies gents, good day to you all, and again, make sure you walk on the inside, enough of taking the s~~~ for these worthless t~~~s!!!
Men are at a time when panning for gold in a urinal has a higher probability of success than finding a faithful and loving woman, it is time to go your own way.....
Two days before season closes and of course a snow storm has to move in and cover the entire state. I have been waiting all winter for the ice to melt so I could have a shot at another beaver. Can my luck get any worse?
I found an excellent looking series of ponds about an hour away. The only problem is that there is about 2 feet of snow expected for that area. I had some work out that way on Thursday, so I stopped by the ponds early in the morning on my way to the job.
There is snow on the dirt forest service road. I have two shovels in the bed of my truck and still have on snow tires, so I decide to chance it. My truck does surprisingly well in this particular snow. The beaver ponds look promising. They extend for miles, dam after dam. But I'm late for work, so I turn around.
I finish work well before dusk. I get back to the ponds, excited, hoping to see some beaver activity. To my luck, rain has melted all the snow off the service roads. I drive for several miles, deep into “no cell service” country, half watching the road and half watching each pond below it for any sign of moving water. I get to a darker area that still has a large amount of snow on the road so I turn around and park my truck.
I get out and start patrolling the ponds on foot. It's starting to snow hard. I am dressed warm with heavy boots on. My feet are still cold. It's April 27th. It's probably hot now in Florida. I'm not seeing any activity at these ponds. It's 7pm.
I decide to sit and watch the ponds from a ridge. I can see two ponds in each direction. I keep hoping I will see a wake in the water out of the corner of my eye. I see one! It's a duck. I'm disappointed. I spend 20 more minutes sitting and watching, but see nothing.
This is a typical day of beaver hunting. It seems like it should be pretty easy, but the hard part isn't shooting the beaver, it's getting access to where they are, and seeing them while it's still light outside. On this excursion, the second condition is never met. And these ponds seemed so promising.
I was supposed to go camping this weekend. My roommate and I were going to fish for lake trout and try to off a couple beavers along the way. Beaver season ends May 1rst so it's now or never. I've been itching to get one since October. The ice and snow has made it impossible the last six months. Mountain roads are still closed and filled with ice. Sage flats still require snowshoes to cross. A tough prospect for someone with rear-wheel drive.
I have lost count of how many scouting missions I have undertaken since the fall. I follow countless creeks on maps. I look at them from satellite images and see if they have beaver canals. I take days off to investigate them. I optimistically hope for better weather than there ever is. Some days I don't even make it to the pond. My tires spin and I smell my transmission as I try to drive up a frozen 30 degree mud inclines.
"Get any beavers?“ My roommate Bryon asks. I mumble something about the dang weather. The weekend is coming. We aren't going camping but I still have the next three days off. It's snowing in Denver. Bryon seems less than enthused about spending time in the current conditions. If it ain't lightning, it ain't a big deal. That's my rule in Florida. Does it apply here in Colorado? Probably not, but I want a beaver dang it, so I'm sticking with it.
We decide to forget the mountains and head east. Things might be sunnier. Maybe there's only one foot of snow instead of two! Optimism! Bryon knows some state wildlife areas where they duck hunts in the fall. We look at them from the satellite map and make a decision based on beaver probability.
The Platte River is a large watershed that runs through much of Colorado. It bisects Denver, from the south of the state, north beyond anywhere I have ventured. I happen to know there are beavers in town on the Platte, so why not in the wilderness? We set out for the Platte.
On the drive out, the weather alternates between rain, snow, and fog. Bryon is telling me about Eurasian Banded Doves, and how they swim through the air as opposed to flying. They are invasive, so you can kill them all year. They point them out as they sit on power lines.
After a solid hour and a half of driving, we make it to Brush Wilderness Area. It's snowing enough to necessitate a hood. We get out of the car and assemble our gear. We are about to head down the trail. "There's a Eurasian Dove!” says Bryon. They point it out in a tree. "Should I shoot it? I ask. "Shoot it!“ they say. "The sign says no discharging of firearms in the parking lot.” I don't wait for their response. I quickly take several steps outside of the parking lot. "Where is it?“ Bryon has to point it out to me again. I steady my rifle against the metal frame of an old sign. I squeeze the trigger. I see the dove fall out of the tree through my scope. I move to collect the dead dove and Bryon goes to find something to put it in. We talk about the shot placement for a moment and Bryon tells me about how they like to cook them. "Keep your eyes peeled for more of them,” they say.
We hike through the woods on a small trail. The plan is to investigate the creek system, until it reaches the Platte, and then follow the river to the border of the wildlife area. Along the way we see lots of ducks, pelicans and other fowl. Distant cattle are moaning in background. The creeks are more like large ditch canals than the mountain streams I am used to. We are in farm country. There are no signs of beaver except for the occasional felled tree.
We cross a small creek and see a doe mule deer. They take off into the bush. We press on and start seeing turkey tracks in the snow. We both have turkey tags, but no shotguns, only .22s. We see some possible coyote tracks. After about a mile I begin to hear the sound of rushing water. The Platte is close.
We get to the Platte and I am surprised how wide it is. The current is moving fast and it seems at least 200 yards across. We stand there a moment and observe the river. Downstream appears to be some brush piles. They might be beaver lodges. We have to take a detour around some marsh to get a better look at the piles. We stand looking at the piles for only a few moments. A dull scraping sound is audible over the rush of the river. We look at each other and say in unison “That's a beaver!” We both study the massive brush pile. "Where is he?“ Bryon sees them first.  They are large, and sitting on a log.  They are close enough to shoot, but too far into the river retrieve. We need a dog. The beaver disappears into their lodge. A moment later we see them on the other side of the pile.  They are swimming across the river, away from us.
In short time we see another beaver swim up to the pile along the edge of the bank. I point it out. "There's another one!” I start making clicking sounds, like how you would call a house cat. The beaver heads in our direction! They get about thirty feet from us and then turns with current. They disappear into the bank. But he's on our side, just about 50 yards down stream.
We have to circumnavigate another marsh to get to the general area where we saw the beaver go. I have my rifle ready and am I following Bryon. We get to a small clearing. There is a small hill up, to get back to the river. Bryon tells me to go first since I have my rifle ready. I pass him, and less than five steps later, I see a dark brown blob in the flooded forest swamp, 30 or so feet to my ten o'clock. Immediately after seeing it I hear Bryon whisper “Is that a beaver?”
I shoulder my rifle. Through my scope I can clearly see the beavers head. It is facing me. There is a patch of bark stripped away from the tree it is next to. I steady my rifle and take aim. The beaver sees us and flinches once but remains still. I squeeze the trigger and feel confident I got a clean shot. We both run to the edge of the river. The beaver kicks a few times. A red cloud appears in the water. "We got it!“ I wait for a second to see if a follow-up shot is necessary. It isn't.
It's almost dark. The beaver is floating about 12 feet from the waters edge. "Can you find a pole while I get some snatch hooks out?” Bryon leaves to find a pole. I watch the beaver to make sure the current doesn't take him. Fortunately it is back in the flooded forest and not a main channel. Bryon returns with a long branch. I use paracord to tie a large treble hook to the branch. I finish tying and look at the beaver. It's gone! No! Do not do this to me!
“I don't see it!” I say desperately. "Where did it go?“ I rush down to the slippery, muddy bank. I thrust the branch out in the beavers direction, but it is awkward, and the treble gets caught in the branches of other trees. I muscle it out and thrust again. I get in the water a few inches. It's just out of reach and I still don't see the beaver. Bryon gives it a shot with the pole. "You might have to wade in there,” they say.
It's 30 degrees Fahrenheit. It's snowing. The river still has ice in it. It's almost dark. But I want this beaver. Bryon continues with the pole, as I take my boots and socks off. I roll up my pants. "You goin in?“
I wade into the river. The bottom is muddy. It's cold. My feet are instantly numb. I have to reroll my pants ever few moments. Bryon tosses me the stick and I start poking around. I'm feeling for it with my feet. I'm afraid it isn't dead and I'm going to get a horrific beaver bite. I'm desperately dredging with the pole. "I think it's more to the left,” says Bryon. I dredge to the left. I'm in the river for five minutes. The excitement of success has turned into an anxious regret.
I'm dragging the river bottom with the pole. There is resistance. I can't tell if it's an object or just mud being dragged. I abandon the stick. I start feeling around with my hands. I feel something squishy. It falls away from me. I reach again and feel the squishy thing again, this time I close my grasp. As I pull up a mess of brown fur comes with me. It's the beaver. I pull it out of the water. It's huge. "You got it!“
This is the largest beaver I have ever shot. It's very heavy. As heavy as a medium large dog. I drag it up the bank and hand it to Bryon. We celebrate and take a few pictures. But the work is not over. I still have to pack this giant beaver back to the car. I had thought about this many times as I sat getting skunked at other ponds. I brought several zip ties in my bag. I put a zip tie around each leg of the beaver, and then connected each corresponding leg with arm using a piece of cord. I am then able to wear the beaver like a backpack.
By this time it is completely dark. Bryon takes my backpack and rifle and leads the way with a flashlight. I put on my beaver backpack. We begin the dark trek back to the car as some coyotes sing in the forest nearby.
MOMBASA, Kenya, Nov 17 (Reuters) - Kenyan police shot dead a man and arrested about 250 others when they searched two mosques in this port city that they said were used to recruit militants and stash weapons, senior officials said on Monday.
Kenya has been trying to break up militant networks it blames for a series of attacks on the coast, saying many recruits were inspired by Somalia's Islamist group al Shabaab.
“These mosques have been notorious for radicalising our youth and recruiting them into al Shabaab,” Nelson Marwa, the commissioner responsible for administering Mombasa County, told Reuters after Monday's police raids.
Kenya has sent troops to Somalia as a part of an African Union peacekeeping force, while Al Shabaab, which was behind a bloody 2013 attack on Nairobi's Westgate shopping mall, has vowed to drive the Kenyan and other African soldiers out.
Some 251 youths, who had been camping in Mussa and Sakina mosques and receiving militant training, were arrested, police said. They added that one man was shot dead at the Mussa mosque when they tried to throw a grenade at officers.
Geoffrey Mayek, Mombasa police chief, told reporters that eight grenades, a pistol, six bullets, machetes, daggers and literature on warfare were found at the two mosques.
Police seized mobiles and laptops, alongside literature and videos that they said referred to former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and Kenyan preachers accused of promoting militancy.
Civil rights group condemned the raids, saying the security agents were targeting Muslims unfairly, deepening distrust in a Muslim community that already accuses the government in mainly Christian Kenyan of sidelining them.
“The police have again defiled the mosques and turned them into camps of violence and have arrested many innocent people and even killed one unfairly,” Hussein Khalid, director of Haki Africa, a local rights group, told Reuters.
Businesses in the Majengo area where the mosques are situated were closed as heavily armed police patrolled the neighbourhood on trucks. Past raids have sparked protests. (Editing by Edmund Blair and Crispian Balmer)
Share 0 SHARES
THIS year's Oscars ceremony is set to be on the receiving end of a large scale boycott, carried out by a varied selection of sore losers.
The Oscars, a film awards ceremony famed for handing out golden statuettes to both deserving and completely undeserving movies, has a long history of criticism from those who have been omitted from the nomination lists.
At the forefront of criticism is that white actors made up the entirety of the acting nominations in movies that many have described as ‘good', ‘very good', ‘ok' and ‘bad'.
“It's symptomatic of a larger societal problem, I don't get why Sylvester Stallone's shit performance is more valued than my shit performance in Concussion,” mused Will Smith, who was disappointed by their omission from the nominee list after their work in a movie liked by some people, and disliked by others.
The Academy voters, made up of predominantly white voters are expected to vote for actors of colour in future years, regardless of merit, thanks to mounting pressure and last year's omission of David Oyelowo's commanding performance in Selma which was presumably more omitted than both Riz Ahmed and Jake Gyllenhaal's performances in Nightcrawler.
Forging a path towards a fairer, more inclusive awards ceremony, many African Americans working in the industry have demanded the opportunity to have their roles receive nominations.
“It's not a lot to ask to have our hard work acknowledged by the academy. Filmmaking is a subjective field, a meritocracy of sorts and we can only accept that if a satisfactory number of black people are nominated each and every year,” Smith's wife and fellow actor Jada Pinkett Smith added.
It is thought many people seeking a change to the makeup of nominees only want them for important awards like acting and directing and not boring stuff like sound editing and costume design.
Adam Sandler joined calls for a more inclusive award when they once again lamented the fact that their truly awful movies have been ignored by academy voters.
A constant source of consternation among owners of OPPO devices has been the heavily customized ColorOS and especially the slow speed of Android OS updates to it. OPPO has held strong to ColorOS, owing in large part to its reported popularity in Asian markets. Today, in an effort to appease enthusiast owners, OPPO has announced an initiative to support current devices with an AOSP ROM with limited customizations.
OPPO left some clues that they would do something like this, not that it comes as a huge surprise to anyone given the long demands for it. A company rep teased big changes just a month ago in an OPPO forum thread filled with whining about software updates. Not long before that post, a Dutch rep mentioned having signed a non-disclosure agreement regarding new software developments. Finally, at the very end of September a community rep made a somewhat vague mention of an AOSP ROM being developed for the Find 7. Now we know what's going on.
There are probably some questions that come to mind about the specifics. Nicely enough, OPPO has provided several important details. First of all, their phones will still ship with ColorOS. The AOSP ROM (which is how they will refer to it) will be an optional download that can be flashed via the stock recovery without voiding the warranty, at least if you bought the device via oppostyle.com or Amazon in Europe. Otherwise, they aren't making promises about the warranty implications.
The AOSP ROM will include PureImage, MaxxAudio, and Dirac HD, which are their audiovisual enhancements for ColorOS. It will also support the screen off gestures implemented for the Find 7.
Speaking of, for now OPPO's efforts at developing the AOSP ROM are focused on the Find 7. They say "key" devices will be supported on an ongoing basis, with the R5 and R5s to come in the near future. Future releases will get it as well.
Their first iteration will be Android 5.1 and is not yet available. Why not Marshmallow? OPPO says they need Qualcomm to create drivers first. They are also making some vague statements about it being early in the process and that they will devote resources to its development in accordance with the level of user interest. In other words, don't be shocked if we end up hearing some complaints about slow AOSP upgrades.
Still, this is a good gesture from OPPO and may be a sign of some good things to come. Their fans have long touted OPPO hardware but often either disliked ColorOS or the time it took to upgrade the core OS. Getting things right with this AOSP effort could go a long way to solidifying OPPO's "base," so to speak.
This Is a Real Thing: Marvel's Stan Lee Is Going to Have Their Own Action Figure
Marvel legend Stan Lee is getting their own action figure , because of course they are.Lee is the former president of Marvel Comics, as well as the co-creator of beloved superheroes such as Spider-Man, the Hulk, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, Thor, the X-Men, and many more. He's also a nerd icon and a comic book movie star, as they have cameoed in almost all of the Marvel/Spider-Man films to date. He's also known for making cameos in just about every Marvel Studios project and Marvel Comic Book adaptation you can think of, but this action figure is so much better than a fleeting glimpse of them on the big screen.
[Credit: Go Hero]
Lisa Du, Business Insider with AP Futures are down modestly in early Sunday trading, and one possibility for that is the story that came out after the bell on Friday in the Wall Street Journal from Fed whisperer Jon Hilsnerath titled Fed Maps Exit From Stimulus.
The gist: The Fed is seriously thinking about how it might begin the QE wind-down process.
Given the widespread belief that Fed stimulus is a major tailwind for the market, talk of QE wind-down is invariably something of a negative.
In tonight's "Closing Print" note, Mike O'Rourke from JonesTrading thinks the article's existence is pretty significant.
They write:
The WSJ's Jon Hilsenrath published a story Friday evening titled "Fed Maps Exit From Stimulus - Timing of Wind-Down Is Uncertain, but Focus Is on Managing Unpredictable Market Expectations." We suspect the twitter taper caper on Thursday opened the window for the FOMC to provide some clarity as to where policy stands. Here are some key questions. Is this story important? Can it be taken at face value and should markets move? The answer is yes, yes and yes. The WSJ placed the article prominently on the cover of the Saturday edition, so they believe they have an important story. It is a Hilsenrath story, and in the post-recession QE era the Fed has used them to foreshadow almost every major monetary policy move. Finally, in a tape where QE is the dominant theme, any indication of policy slowing or reversing course is meaningful.
We think the headline in and of itself is interesting "… Focus Is on Managing Unpredictable Market Expectations." Are market expectations really highly unpredictable? Has this Fed done anything done but promise excessive monetary support for the US economy? The market only expects what the Federal Reserve has conditioned it to expect. Nearly every time the stock market dipped over the past 3 years, a new asset purchase program was launched. We view "unpredictable market expectations" as a sign that the FOMC has been trying to foreshadow policy in one direction and the market is interpreting it in another direction.
Lest you think, however, that talk of a Fed wind-down is guaranteed bad news for the market, we'd urge you to check out the latest post from Mark Dow, who argues that those expecting a meaningful fall just because the Fed removes the training wheels are liable to be sorely mistaken.
Again, it is important to underscore that it is the indirect psychological effects from Fed support and the low cost of capital—not the popularly imagined injection of Fed liquidity into stock markets—that have gotten investors to mobilize their idle cash from money market accounts, increase margin, and take financial risk. It is our money, not the Fed's, that's driving this rally. Ironically, if we all understood monetary policy better, the Fed's policies would be working far less well. Thank God for small favors.
This is not a semantic point. I can hear traders saying "yeah, whatever, who cares, don't fight the Fed, just buy". But this concept has huge implications for the phase where the Fed decides to remove the training wheels. If the Fed money is not directly propping up the stock market and the economy underneath has been healing, the much talked about wedge between "Fed-induced valuations" and "the fundamentals" is likely considerably smaller than the consensus seems to think. It's less "artificial". In short, what all this means is the day the Fed lets up off the gas might give us a blip, or maybe that long-awaited correction, but ultimately the Policy Bears will end up getting crushed, again.
In the meantime, read Hilsenerath's full story here --->
Image copyright The Strong Museum Image caption This year's six inductees to the Hall of Fame span several decades and devices
Space Invaders has been inducted into the World Video Game Hall of Fame, almost 40 years after its release.
The 1978 space shooter was honoured alongside Sonic the Hedgehog, The Legend of Zelda, The Oregon Trail, Grand Theft Auto III and The Sims.
They join the six inaugural titles from 2015: Doom, Pong, Pac-Man, Super Mario Bros, Tetris and World of Warcraft.
Titles are selected for the US-based museum based on their status among players, longevity and influence.
Hall of fame games become permanent exhibits at The Strong museum of play in Rochester, New York.
The winning games were selected from 15 finalists, which included Final Fantasy, Tomb Raider and the original Pokémon games.
The inductees span genres, decades and platforms but "all have significantly affected the video game industry, popular culture, and society in general," the museum said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Space Invaders was released in 1978
"Although a handful of shooter games preceded Space Invaders, its runaway success, innovative features, compelling graphics, and elemental themes captured the public imagination, spurring many imitators and a craze for arcade games," said Jeremy Saucier, assistant director of The Strong's International Centre for the History of Electronic Games (ICHEG).
Oregon Trail, in which the player controls a wagon of settlers crossing the West in the early days of American settlement, is fondly remembered by many for its fun approach to education as well as its difficulty, which saw players frequently "die" of dysentery.
'Virtual dollhouse'
Grand Theft Auto III, a game with violence and mature themes, made headlines when it was released in 2001. It was a big commercial success, selling 14 million copies.
"Grand Theft Auto III renewed debates about the role of games and violence in society while it signalled video games aren't just for kids," Mr Saucier said.
The Legend of Zelda and Sonic the Hedgehog were the first entries in long-running franchises for Nintendo and Sega respectively, and remain popular today. Both games spawned multiple sequels and spinoffs, including cartoon series.
The Sims, released in 2000, were described by the museum as a "virtual dollhouse game" in which players manipulate digital characters to create their own stories.
"The game has had universal appeal, with female players outnumbering males, and adults as passionate about the game as children," said ICHEG director Jon-Paul Dyson.
"By turning the computer into a toy to explore the complexity of the human experience, The Sims radically expanded the notion of what a game could be."
Rick Perry's team is more than prepared for a re-airing of unsubstantiated rumors. Perry aides prepped for rumor rehash
If Texas Gov. Rick Perry decides to run for president, their team is more than prepared for a re-airing of unsubstantiated rumors, circulated on and off for years in the Lone Star State, about their personal life.
The crusted-over rumors were in the ether among some attendees at a dinner hosted last week by the Manhattan County GOP, where Perry gave the keynote speech. The rumors, which have never been proven despite repeated review by media outlets, were addressed by the governor themselves in a lengthy 2004 American-Statesman story that is sure to see new life if they run.
Story Continued Below
The claims, which had made the rounds for months by the time the story was written, included rumors that Perry and their wife Anita had split, and that the governor was gay.
The state Democratic Party in Texas seized on the rumors seven years ago, the American-Statesman reported, prompting the governor to finally address them themselves as an "obvious, orchestrated effort" launched by political foes. They spread for two months, were posted on various websites and were vetted by many national outlets, all of which turned up nothing.
But Team Perry, asked about how it's prepared to handle them when they emerge if they run, said it remains "false and misleading."
"As you may know, Rick and Anita Perry first met in grade school, went on their first date together in 1966, have been lovingly married since 1982 and are parents to two grown children," said top Perry strategist Dave Carney. "This kind of nameless, faceless smear campaign is run against the Perry family in seemingly every campaign, with no basis, truth or success."
"Texas politics is a full contact sport, live hand grenades and all; unfortunately there are always going to be some people who feel the need to spread false and misleading rumors to advance their own political agenda," they said.
"He is the most tested, most researched potential candidate or candidate on our side," Carney added to POLITICO.
"We ran in a race against an opponent run by (David) Axelrod in 1998, we ran a campaign that reported spend $80 million against us in 2002, we have run against two Texas trial lawyers in 06 and 10 and the head of the Texas Trial Lawyer Association has spent millions of their own money to destroy the Perry's. All of it for naught."
They were thrust into the mainstream in part by the then-Texas Democratic Party Chairman, Charles Soechting, who referred to the rumors at a recent political rally. But Perry took them head-on when they wouldn't disappear, despite their aides' denials.
At the time, Perry said they were addressing the rumors because of the increasing problem of web-driven smears.
"It is a cancer on the political process that is deadly," they told the American-Statesman back then.
But since then, viral rumors have taken hold as a permanent side show looking to break through into the mainstream of politics. Then-candidate Barack Obama faced a slew of them in the 2008 race, ranging from questions about their marriage to their religion.
The questions about their birthright, which they brushed back with mockery earlier this year by releasing their Hawaiian birth certificate, swirled on the web for years, propelled by fringe bloggers, some of whom refused to believe the document was real.
Redirection Notice Icon This page will redirect to https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/working-with-scala-implicit-conversions.html
Scala implicit conversions is a powerful tool for Scala coding. It lets you decrease redundancy in your code and lets you make the code easier to read.
Scala implicit conversions feature enables you to do the following:
Highlight methods in which implicit converions were used.
Select from the available list of all applicable implicit conversions.
Apply conversion either explicitly or in shorter version and still get the same result.
Invoke implicit parameters.
Implicit Conversion highlighting
If Scala type-aware highlighting is enabled then IntelliJ IDEA highlights methods that are added via implicit conversions with a grey underline:
Invoking implicit conversion methods
Select an expression and pressCtrl+Shift+Q(Ctrl+Qfor Mac) to invoke the list of applicable implicit conversions. The list shows the regular scope displayed on the top and the expanded scope that is displayed on the bottom of the list.
Icon Note: IntelliJ IDEA highlights an implicit converion that was used for the selected expression. If IntelliJ IDEA cannot find the implicit conversion or if it finds more than one match then the list Introduce Variable opens.
You can make the implicit conversion method explicit. PressAlt+Enterand select Make explicit or Make explicit (Import method) :
If you select Make explicit then IntelliJ IDEA returns a method call with the class name. It might be helpful if you need to make sure that the compiler imports the particular implicit conversion method that you originally wanted:
If you select Make explicit (Import method) then the method is imported statically and IntelliJ IDEA returns just its call without the class name. Also, the next time you open the list of useful implicit conversions you will see this method in the regular scope:
Invoking implicit parameters
Place a cursor to the method where implict conversion was used and pressCtrl+Shift+P(Meta+Shift+Pfor Mac) to invoke implicit parameters. It might be helpful for code analizing when you want to find out what implicit parametrers were passed to the particular call. IntelliJ IDEA also lets you view the recursive implicit parameters.
Icon Note: IntelliJ IDEA hightlights the method call where implicit parameters were used.
If IntelliJ IDEA cannot find method calls where implicit paramerers were passed, it displays a pop-up message:
MANCHESTER, England — José Mourinho has never sought points for style. Throughout their career, they have positioned themselves at every turn as the standard-bearer for substance, a man at war with soccer's legion of self-appointed, self-identifying aesthetes.
At Chelsea, they railed against soccer's “philosophers,” those who cast themselves and their teams as apostles of beauty in an ugly world. After Manchester United's victory in the Europa League last season, they pointed out that “there are a lot of poets in football, but poets do not win titles.”
They once described Arsène Wenger, not just their longstanding nemesis but in many ways their polar opposite, as a “specialist in failure.” As Real Madrid manager, according to the author Diego Torres, Mourinho laid down their seven golden rules: Among them were the credo that “whoever has the ball, has fear,” and the dogma that “football favors whoever provokes more errors in the opposition.”
In that curious, idiosyncratic blend of arrogance and insecurity of his, they have, of course, barely tried to hide their disdain for those who dare to criticize the way they ask their teams to play. Their weapon of choice, though, has long been the only thing in their purview that matters: results.
Entrepreneurs are racing to drag education from the archaic classroom and textbook model to the rich and dynamic online digital world. So far, efforts have been to create new platforms and mediums through which to use educational content. But few companies have tackled the challenge of motivating students to prioritize learning.
Startup educational platform Empower.me launched into public beta two weeks ago to do exactly that by allowing parents to incentivise teens (fifth to twelfth grade) to supplement traditional education. Students earn cold hard cash for reaching learning goals set by their parents.
The Empower.me platform offers video content curated from publicly available sources like Khan Academy and the TED lecture series, with CodeAcademy coming soon. There are currently 3,500 videos available, which are typically 10 to 20 minutes in length. Subjects range from standard school subjects to more interesting and potentially practical topics like the Greek economic crisis, pharmaceutical careers, Oceanography, and how Black Holes work. After watching a video lesson, students must complete an associated multiple choice test to get credit for the lesson.
“We invest heavily in strong tests, says Empower.me founder and CEO Bryan Starbuck. “We really make sure that the students know the content cold.” Currently only 500 of the videos have tests available, but Starbuck expects to have balance up on the site within a few weeks.
Parents set per-video reward values, typically ranging from $3 to $5, and can set weekly limits on total earning as well. Once a week, parents receive feedback from Empower.me on their student's progress and the total rewards earned during the period.
With their alway-on mobile devices, teens are constantly bombarded with notifications from gaming and social media apps which encourage entertainment. Empower.me uses this existing feedback loop to encourage education by sending periodic text messages to teens, suggesting that they take a new video lesson. Currently, these texts are sent only once per week on Saturday mornings, but the frequency could increase in the future depending on user feedback.
Beyond just getting better grades today and getting into college, Starbuck says that the broader goal is to help young students explore the world outside of school to find subjects that they're passionate about and learn life skills they rarely pick up in school. He's adamant that existing learning platforms fall short by not offering teens sufficient motivation to prioritize learning.
A common concern when paying kids for what might be considered expected behavior is setting the wrong type of precedent. Starbuck is generally unconcerned about this, saying that parents already reward kids for doing chores and getting good grades. Empower.me only extends this behavior into a more constructive and aspirational learning environment. Also, the founder points to research stating that incentives are proven to act as advertising, planting seeds to do things that we would otherwise ignore like to go to the gym or study.
The average allowance earned by US teens is $15 per week, according to Starbuck, but this amount is said to typically be gone by mid-week. Parents then get hit up for an average of an additional $22 per week, in most cases without any system for earning or tracking these funds. Empower.me aims to solve this issue by offerning a platform where parents and teens set predetermined expectations and where accountability is transparent.
Empower.me does not currently offer a payment platform between parents and teens -- one may be added in the future -- instead only tracking virtual balances and leaving payments to the offline real world. A typical scenario according to the founder might be a child asking for parents for $20 out of their “Empower.me balance” to go to the movies.
While it might be expected that the company would take a cut of each payment made from parent to teen, because no funds flow through the system this is not possible. The company instead monetizes by charging parents a monthly subscription fee of $7.95 with yearly prepayment discounts available. The site offers a free 30 day trial which Starbuck believes is enough to demonstrate kids “falling in love with various pockets of learning.”
Empower.me has a number of additional features planned for future versions of its product. One day soon, parents will likely be able to turn on and off rewards based on subject, such as prioritizing Engineering or Life Sciences over the Humanities. Also coming are more community based interactions, where siblings or school classmates can share learning experiences and possibly engage in friendly competition.
Starbuck started working on the Redmond, Washington headquartered Empower.me approximately nine months ago after completing a 12 month earn out following the 2010 sale of their previous startup. The company has raised $650,000 in seed financing to date from various unnamed angel investors as part of a planned $1.3 million round.
A common refrain I've heard from early stage investors lately is “I'm always interested in companies targeting moms, kids, and education.” Entrepreneurs and developers, for their part, are looking to gamify anything and everything in their path. The direct result of these two messages is Empower.me, a highly incentivized learning platform that aligns the motivations of both students and parents.
“We don't have any direct competitors in the incentivized learning space,” says the Empower.me chief executive. “What we're competing against instead is Farmville and other things very aggressively attacking teens time.”
One of the towers in the Upper Shankill, just a few hours before it was set ablaze. This tower is decked with British flags, but many bonfires across Northern Ireland each year burn Irish flags, and other symbols referring to the Republic of Ireland. In some areas the bonfires have met with protests from Republicans; sometimes this leads to clashes with Loyalists. In the years 2014-2016, 2044 sectarian crimes and 1773 racist hate crimes on both sides were reported to the police in Northern Ireland. From the series Bonfires - Belfast, Northern Ireland (2015-2016) © Mariusz Smiejek
Intrigued by the huge wooden towers torched every year in Northern Ireland, the Polish photographer investigated and found divides still being enforced years after the Good Friday Agreement
“When I talked to people whose relatives had been killed, I could understand how difficult it was to forget, to go forward,” says Mariusz Smiejek. “The numbers were so huge; many families in Northern Ireland experienced it.”
More than 3600 people were killed and some 50,000 were maimed in The Troubles, in atrocities committed by both sides. The 30-year sectarian conflict officially ended in 1998 with the Good Friday Agreement but, as the Polish photographer has discovered, for some it's proving hard to move on.
For him, the most visible sign of this struggle comes every year on 11 July, when Ulster Protestants burn huge bonfires in celebration of the 1690 Battle of the Boyne. First lit when the battle was still raging to guide British ships to shore, the bonfires subsequently became an act of commemoration. Smiejek saw them the first time they went to Belfast and, curious about the people involved, took “a few years to get close to them”.
Working with local NGOs, they discovered that many of them are relatively young, but had parents who fought in The Troubles. “It's passed on from generation to generation,” they say.
Sectarian by nature, the bonfires always stir up trouble – and particularly so when they're used to burning Irish flags, or other national or religious symbols, something which NGOs and people on the ground are working hard to change. “If you ask the bonfire builders why they do it, some of them reply, ‘Because they are Catholics, and for us it's a symbol of the IRA, that's why we burnt it [the flag]',” says Smiejek.
“But I noticed very they had little knowledge about the history…They don't necessarily understand what happened during The Troubles, they are basing their convictions on the stories they were told by their parents. That's why there is still a lot of work for NGOs, youth workers and community workers, to educate the younger generation and work with them on the ground.”
www.mariuszsmiejek.com
MEDFORD, Ore. - 2016's youngest Pacific Crest Trail hiker, 9-year-old Emerson Miller and their mother, Olivia Miller, have finished their 2,650 mile journeys to Canada.
News10 first brought you this story back in August.
Olivia Miller says they officially finished the trail, which ends in Canada around 11 a.m. on October 3.
The pair started the trail at the border of Mexico and California on March 20. It took them a little more than six months to finish, which Olivia says is more than average hikers.
"I've learned to only cross rivers, climb mountains and solve problems when they are directly in front of me, " Olivia says of things she's learned on their journey. They say that every day has a possibility for adventure.
They also noted how they learned to live with less material items.
"If we can't carry it on our back, or in our hearts, we probably don't need it at all," Olivia said.
Ever since the first day we brought Olive home, she's enjoyed running through the entire house at top speed. That's all fine and dandy, except for one small detail. The wooden floor in the final room of the house. For the gamers out there, it's kind of like the boss at the end of the level.
See, one of the laws of cats is that when one hits a wooden floor at maximum velocity, it is impossible to maintain traction and a collision with the wall is imminent. Olive has experienced many of these crashes (I usually hear them from upstairs) but either doesn't realize or doesn't care what's about to happen.
Hazel, always the voice of reason, actually did check on Olive the first time they smashed into a wall. They haven't done this lately, probably because crashing sounds have become normal and Olive is made of rubber and can't be harmed.
Marcus Benson moved 1,500 miles from their home in Philadelphia to North Dakota for the shale boom.
They made the lengthy drive -- with no job and nowhere to live -- in April 2012 after hearing on the news that the state had the lowest unemployment rate in the country.
"I felt like it was a good opportunity. I wasn't doing much," Benson, who had been working odd jobs after dropping out of college, told CNNMoney.
They immediately landed good-paying work loading rail cars with sand used for fracking.
"I went from doing odd jobs for $8 an hour to $25 an hour. I thought that was crazy," Benson said. It wasn't long before they were earning $30 an hour.
Related: How North Dakota's economy doubled in 11 years
Of course, back then oil brought in over $100 a barrel. This week oil plummeted below $50, squeezing high-cost oil producers like shale companies.
The good times for Benson, 28, ended on New Year's Eve, when they lost their new job at Ames Water Solutions, which serves the fracking industry.
"They said the main reason was the price of oil dropping," said Benson, who filed for unemployment this week.
Are you worried about losing your job because of the oil meltdown? Share your story with CNNMoney!
Now he's worried they won't find another job before getting kicked out of company-owned housing.
Benson is one of thousands of energy workers who have been laid off in recent weeks. In many cases, these were good jobs that were paying healthy wages.
The oil plunge that is saving drivers at the pump is also threatening the livelihoods of people in the previously booming energy industry.
Related: How low will oil go? $30 is possible
'We're all out of jobs now': Jeff Sharpe got the bad news 10 days before Thanksgiving. They and 21 coworkers at a rig in Wyoming were laid off due to depressed oil and natural gas prices.
"All my friends and family keep talking (positively) about low prices. When I say, 'We're all out of jobs now,' they say 'Oh,'" Sharpe, 32, told CNNMoney. "I don't think they realize what's going on in the big picture."
The Colorado native, who has a five-year-old daughter, has been on unemployment since. They recently decided to relocate to North Dakota to take a job working on completed wells, figuring that should be more secure than the drilling side of the industry.
"When I went through this in 2009, I learned my lesson to save my money instead of spending it. That's what is saving me now," Sharpe said.
Related: Tumbling oil could take thousands of jobs
Texas-sized domino effect: Beyond North Dakota, Texas is most at risk from the energy meltdown.
Denise Walker fears they will need to issue pink slips at Frontier Services, the oil services company they co-owns in Alice, Texas. Just a few months ago business was "awesome," but the oil plunge has already cost Frontier a major customer and forced it to discount prices.
"I am probably going to have to lay some people off or readjust their salaries. I hate to do that," Walker told CNNMoney.
Laid off employees lose access to the company's generous health benefits. "I don't know what they are going to do. It's tragic," they said.
Walker is hoping Texas will weather the storm, but said they wouldn't be one bit surprised if the state sinks into a recession. J.P. Morgan Chase's chief economist has already warned it's a very real possibility.
"It's a domino effect. People lose their jobs, they quit spending money. That affects other businesses," they said.
Related: Texas could fall into oil-fueled recession
Layoffs in the Gulf: The pain is also being felt in the Gulf of Mexico, where lower oil prices are forcing drillers to dial back on expensive deep-water exploration.
A supply boat captain who declined to give their last name fears they may lose their job as a supply boat captain. Their company has already laid off two other captains and is operating less than half its fleet of boats.
"Oil companies are not spending the money on projects offshore, so many boats are sitting idle or even empty. This is sad because the crews of these vessels are just trying to make a living for their families back home," they said, adding that they have a young child at home and a pregnant wife.
Despite not finishing high school, the boat captain had been raking in $100,000 a year after working their way up as a deckhand. Now their company is enacting a pay cut of more than 10% to cope with the energy industry pullback.
"You live the dream for a while ... and all of a sudden gas prices go down," they said.
Still, they acknowledge the low gas prices are great for tourists and drivers, especially around spring break time in Florida.
"It's nice to have it that low, but prices need to find a medium where everybody is happy," they said.
Ok, so a little over two years later, this pic finally makes its way up the colouring pile. As ever it provided many hours of headaches on the way to completion; suffice to say I'm glad to put this one to bed, so to speak. Oh yeah, and somewhere along the way, their hair turned from flaxen to... um... liquid candy? I couldn't change it after that.The little pixie/faerie thing took on a life of their own, too. She's ridiculously detailed and you can barely see any of it at this resolution, hah. This is always my problem - sweating details no one else will ultimately ever see.The original linework (which can be seen here: [link] ) was pretty flawed, I quite evidently didn't bother flipping it at all to check if things made sense in reverse, and so I had to fix a few things before I could even start the colouring process.Cecelia appears in; a WIP RPG created and © Patrick King-----------------------------Mechanical Pencil (0.5 B), 140gsm A4 paperPhotoshop CS3, Wacom Intuos3
The confirmation this week that Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee paid an opposition-research firm for a “dossier” on Donald Trump is bombshell news. More bombshells are to come.
The Fusion GPS saga isn't over. The Clinton-DNC funding is but a first glimpse into the shady election doings concealed within that oppo-research firm's walls. We now know where Fusion got some of its cash, but the next question is how the firm used it. With whom did it work beyond former British spy Christopher Steele ? Whom did it pay? Who else was paying it?
This probe of the Democratic Party's Russian dalliance has a long, long way to go.
The answers are in Fusion's bank records. Fusion has doggedly refused to divulge the names of its clients for months now, despite extraordinary pressure. So why did the firm suddenly insist that middleman law firm Perkins Coie release Fusion from confidentiality agreements, and spill the beans on who hired it?
Because there's something Fusion cares about keeping secret even more than the Clinton-DNC news—and that something is in those bank records. The release of the client names was a last-ditch effort to appease the House Intelligence Committee, which issued subpoenas to Fusion's bank and was close to obtaining records until Fusion filed suit last week. The release was also likely aimed at currying favor with the court, given Fusion's otherwise weak legal case. The judge could rule as early as Friday morning.
Keep reading Kimberley Strassel's column in the Wall Street Journal.
In a joint operation by narcotics control bureau (NCB), postal department and anti-narcotics cell (ANC) of the city police, a Nigerian was arrested on Friday for allegedly being part of an international drug syndicate. The accused had come to a post office to collect a parcel containing 600 grams of cocaine having international market value (IMV) of Rs4.80 crore that had come from Brazil.
The arrested person has been identified as Frank William (28).
Speaking about the modus-operandi of the syndicate, an NCB source said, "Mentor of the gang stays in Brazil. They send a parcel through air courier and inform their recipients here about the consignment. Their local contact here then collects the said parcel from the local post office. The recipients use bogus documents and passport while claiming the consignment."
The NCB had received specific information about the parcel containing 600 grams of cocaine worth Rs4.80 crore that would be arriving at a post office in Vashi, Navi Mumbai. They then alerted the postal officials and ANC and organised a trap. The accused was nabbed when they arrived at the post office to collect the parcel.
"In such cases we have seen that the quantity of cocaine is increased by adulteration. The recipient then receives a call from their mentor, who will then instruct them to deliver the consignment to another person and then the adulteration takes place. Such huge quantity consignments are then smuggled to other countries like China and Malaysia," the source said.
This article is over 3 years old
Scientists hope the Malaysian wasp will severely dent populations of crazy ants, which have been blamed for killing red crabs on Christmas Island
Australia to import micro wasp to wage war against plague of crazy ants
A diminutive Malaysian wasp is set to be imported to Australia in order to wage war against a plague of destructive crazy ants on Christmas Island.
The tiny wasp, which is just 2mm long, doesn't sting or build nests but, it is hoped, will severely dent crazy ant populations.
It will do this, scientists believe, by preying upon an insect that produces a sugary substance called honeydew that crazy ants consume.
“By reducing the ants' food supply, we hope to interrupt their breeding, and potentially stop them from building their devastating super colonies,” said Dr Peter Green, a La Trobe University researcher who is leading the project.
Park Australia, a federal government agency that oversees Australia's leading national parks, is backing a move to import the micro wasps to Christmas Island this year.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Crazy ants feasting on Christmas Island. Photograph: Parks Australia
Crazy ants were thought to have originally been brought to the island by south-east Asian traders in sea cargo. A horde of the pests is blamed for killing tens of millions of Christmas Island's red crabs over the past 20 years. The loss of these crabs has had a negative knock-on impact upon the island's entire ecosystem.
The importing of species to deal with another destructive species hasn't always been stunningly successful in Australia. The cane toad was introduced to Queensland in the 1930s in an attempt to eradicate the cane beetle, which damage sugar cane crops. Instead, the toad spread across northern Australia and has been blamed for the decimation of native wildlife.
Australian cane toads meet their match Read more
However, Green said five years of research into the micro wasp show that it will be safe for people, pets and native wildlife.
“Other types of micro wasps are already used extensively for biological control on mainland Australia and overseas, so we know this can be safe and successful,” they said.
“We'll be monitoring the roll-out carefully and we hope to see results within two to three years.”
Parks Australia, which is waiting for final approval for the plan, said the new approach will be a “lifesaver” for Christmas Island's wildlife.
Christmas Island is home to a diverse range of species, including 20 types of crab, 28 species of butterfly, 28 species of bird and a handful of scorpions. The wasp will be deployed to aid these animals, pending final government approval.
“Red crabs are the keystone species for Christmas Island, so it's crucial to protect them,” said Sally Barnes, director of National Parks.
“Until now, our only option has been intensive baiting with fipronil to kill the ants. That means dropping baits from choppers and sending rangers out to bait by hand – a very costly exercise that has to be repeated every few years.”
Law enforcement sources say that a suspicious package addressed to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's Bel-Air home contained manure. Rick Montanez reports for the NBC4 News at 8 on Saturday, Dec. 23, 2017. (Published Sunday, Dec. 24, 2017)
A Los Angeles Department bomb squad responded to a Bel-Air neighborhood Saturday night due to a suspicious package addressed to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
Mnuchin's next-door neighbor on Bel Air Road received a suspicious package addressed to Mnuchin, according to LAPD West Los Angeles Area Watch Commander Rob Weise. The package -- which contained horse manure -- was dropped off at a neighbor's house. It was cleared by investigators around 8 p.m.
The Secret Service was also involved due to the connection to Mnuchin.
Mnuchin was at their home at the time of the incident and "was made aware of the situation," but was not in immediate danger, Weise said.
Aerial footage from NewsChopper 4 showed officers investigating a large box wrapped in wrapping paper. Multiple law enforcement sources tell NBC investigations that officers unwrapped the box to discover it was filled with horse manure.
A Christmas card was also inside the package, making some reference to Mnuchin and President Donald Trump, multiple sources told NBC.
The card did not contain a threat, but there was some kind of negative reference to Trump's $1.5 trillion tax overhaul, signed on Dec. 22, according to multiple sources.
Mnuchin did not have to evacuate their home during the investigation, Weise said, but the investigation did force a temporary closure of Bel Air Road.
NBC News' Andrew Blankstein and NBC4's Rudy Chinchilla contributed to this report.
The road to Buffalo for Robert Woods was a bumpy one to say the least. From top recruit, to second fiddle in college, Woods comes to the Buffalo Bills high on credentials and talent, and even higher expectations from fans and coaches alike. With the roster moves the Bills made in the offseason, a lot of early pressure will be on the rookie wideout to contribute opposite of star wideout Stevie Johnson, though the pressure to perform is something they have been handling well for quite some time.
Woods was the Bills first of two second round draft picks and the 41st overall selection after they declared early after three years at the University of Southern California. While at USC, Woods had a bit of an up and down tenure. Woods was ranked as the number one wide receiver in their recruiting class by Scout.com and Rivals.com had them as the no. 6 overall recruit. Woods put together an outstanding first-year student season and an even better All American sophomore season. But for as good as they played in their first two seasons, Woods took a secondary role for their junior year as Marquise Lee led the team in reception and yards. Woods was only able to top 1000 yards receiving in that sophomore year and averaged their USC career low of 11.1 yards per reception in their final year.
Physically, Woods brings everything you could desire of a wide receiver. An American in both football and track in high school, Woods has the speed (4.51 40-yard dash) and height (6 foot) to be a lethal weapon if given the chance. Woods, after their sophomore season, was considered an overall top 10 talent if they came out after their junior season — that was until Marquise Lee took the nation by storm with their play. As Woods saw less passes come their way, and the USC season slide in disappointment, so too did Wood's draft stock.
Woods comes to the team with a chip on their shoulder sliding all the way to the second round, and fifth wide receiver taken, after being projected as possibly the first wide receiver selected only a year earlier. Woods has been praised for their ability to read defenses and accurate route running ability in comparison to the other receivers in their class. Those mental details are often the ones that are the hardest to teach as wideouts transition from the college to the pro game.
The most comparable player the scouts used on Woods was Green Bay Packer wideout James Jones. Jones flourished last year, their sixth, as they caught a career high 14 touchdowns. The Jones comparison starts in both height and weight, but also with speed, talent and a history of dropping passes at times. These mental lapses were a knock on Woods coming into the draft and during their junior season.
The big difference between the two players will be their roles on the team. Jones was a third option to Greg Jennings and Jordy Nelson. It wasn't until the past two years, with both Nelson and Jennings dealing with a myriad of injuries, that Jones was allowed a larger role in the offense. Woods will come in as the unquestioned starter opposite of Stevie Johnson and the Bills will look at them early and often to provide a threat in the passing game.
If Woods can succeed playing in tandem with Stevie Johnson then the Bills will have the beginning of a burgeoning surplus of pass catchers. With second year man TJ Graham's continuing development and either Da'Rick Rogers or Marquise Goodwin fitting into their roles as the fourth or fifth options, the Bills could boast a receiving corps that many in the league would be jealous to have.
Bloody Sunday, election, Irish, Ireland, British, Ulster, Unionist, Sinn Féin, SDLP, Ahern, Blair, Irish America
(by Suzanne Breen, Sunday Tribune)
Replicas of a t-shirt, used as evidence against a Co Kildare man charged with IRA membership are now on sale as a fashion item in Belfast.
The t-shirt featuring the slogan, 'I'm a bomb technician – if you see me running try to keep up', formed part of the case against Art Sherwin (56) in the Special Criminal Court last December.
Found in the wardrobe Sherwin shared with their wife Beatrice, the t-shirt was produced in court by gardai who alleged the Co Kildare man was a senior IRA member. Sherwin, who was acquitted, told the Sunday Tribune the t-shirt should carry a health warning, "purchase and beware".
"Possessing this t-shirt can be a risk if a police force is out to get you. Sometimes, the lunatics are running the asylum. My life was totally disrupted for 18 months on the basis of possessing this and other innocuous items," they said.
"I had to sign on at the local garda station twice a day. It was a total eye-opener. The standard of evidence required for prosecution can be ridiculous. I'd fear that if the PSNI (Police Service of Northern Ireland) had it in for some unfortunate individual, they could end up in a similar position to me."
The t-shirt isn't on sale in shops specialising in republican merchandise. Rather, it is hanging in the window of an ordinary shop, Stiletto Boutique, in Fountain Street in Belfast city centre.
Similarly, the t-shirt found in Sherwin's home in Clane during a gardai raid in 2005 was bought in the Ilac Centre in Henry Street, Dublin. "My daughter actually bought it for me as a joke because I've an explosive personality and I'm always rushing," said Sherwin's wife Beatrice.
"It sat in the wardrobe unworn for a year. I couldn't believe it was used to allege my husband was a terrorist. I went to the Ilac Centre after Art was charged and you could buy the same t-shirt for six-month-old babies. I bought one for a six-year-old child just to show the court that having this t-shirt wasn't evidence you were a terrorist.
"The guards took the t-shirt and alarm clocks from the house. Other 'evidence' was that Art had attended republican funerals. They didn't mention he'd also attended the funeral of a detective inspector who was a good family friend. Indeed, most of the guards involved in Art's prosecution were at the same funeral."
Sherwin's defence team successfully argued that having several alarm clocks in the house wasn't incriminating for a man with 10 children. "Art's prosecution was a waste of tax-payers' money," said Beatrice Sherwin.
"Coming up to Christmas, people might think the 'bomb technician' t-shirt would make a humorous present for family or friends. They should be wary. And anyone who buys one, and ends up in court, should get a good legal team and fight the case every inch of the way."
{snip}
“Race trumps class, at least when it comes to incarceration,” said Darrick Hamilton of the New School, one of the researchers who produced the study.
They and their colleagues, Khaing Zaw and William Darity of Duke University, examined data from the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth, a national study that began in 1979 and followed a group of young people into adulthood and middle age. The participants were asked about their assets and debts, and interviewers also noted their type of residence, including whether they were in a jail or prison.
The researchers grouped participants in the survey by their race and their household wealth as of 1985 and then looked back through the data to see how many people in each group ultimately went to prison. Participants who were briefly locked up between interviews might not be included in their calculations of the share who were eventually incarcerated.
About 2.7 percent of the poorest white young people–those whose household wealth was in the poorest 10th of the distribution in 1985, when they were between 20 and 28 years old–ultimately went to prison. In the next 10th, 3.1 percent ultimately went to prison.
{snip}
About 10 percent of affluent black youths in 1985 would eventually go to prison. Only the very wealthiest black youth–those whose household wealth in 1985 exceeded $69,000 in 2012 dollars–had a better chance of avoiding prison than the poorest white youth. Among black young people in this group, 2.4 percent were incarcerated.
Hispanic participants who were less affluent in 1985 were more likely to be eventually incarcerated than their white peers with similar wealth, but less likely than black participants.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
If you're a Californian interested in taking up graduate studies in January at a California State University campus, think again.
But if you live in another state or country, check it out and sign your check.
Cal State leaders have told the university's 23 campuses they will not be allowed to admit California graduate students for the spring term, which starts in January. Budget cuts made the system in the coming spring term unable to afford residents' heavily discounted education, campus leaders were told.
But nonresident students — who pay considerably higher fees — remain welcome, at least at some campuses, and that has become an issue leading some rebellious graduate schools to turn away the non-Californians — and the financial windfall they would bring.¿
We either take both kinds of students or none, one professor said.
“It's appalling, and I would never, ever go along with” excluding resident students, said Maria Nieto, a Cal State East Bay biology professor who coordinates their department's graduate studies. “To say, ‘You can accept these students at the exclusion of California students,' goes against the mission of CSU.”
The philosophical debate illustrates the tough times facing the university. Budget cuts are shutting out students from schools generations of Californians paid taxes to build.
Only a handful of campuses will accept undergraduates for the spring term, which falls midway through the academic year. Undergraduates are far more plentiful than graduate students at Cal State, comprising 86 percent of some 430,000 students.
Cal State generally enrolls between 16,000 and 18,000 students from other states or countries. Spring-term, nonresident graduate students are really rare: some 300 statewide, a university spokesperson estimated.
The residency debate has roiled the 10-campus University of California, which has boosted its nonresident numbers in recent years. The influx of students from other states and countries so upset some people that one legislator this year proposed limiting nonresidents at UC.
Out-of-state and international students bring diversity to college campuses, proponents say, and the extra money they pay helps schools offset years of budget cuts. Most graduate students from California will pay $7,356 in Cal State tuition in 2012-13; nonresidents will pay an additional $372 per semester unit, which amounts to $8,928 for 24 units per year on top of tuition.
University leaders need to let Californians know that nonresident students are not taking seats where residents would ordinarily sit, said Diana Wright Guerin, a Cal State Fullerton professor and chairperson of the systemwide Academic Senate.
“We have not done a very good job of communicating with the public,” said Wright Guerin, who supports the admission of nonresident students. “Yeah, I would be upset if I heard they were accepting students from New York or Illinois but turning away California residents. We need to explain why that is.”
Communication is the key to the university finding support from students, parents and taxpayers, said Jerry Chang, a resident student who is working on master's degrees in statistics and engineering management at Cal State East Bay.
“I'd like to see the university make sure people are aware of the change,” said Chang, the school's student-body president. “There's been so many changes in the past year that everybody's trying to get a handle.”
San Jose State officials said their reason for accepting nonresidents is clear: They need the money.
“It's right at the head of campus priorities to pick up additional revenues,” said Bill Nance, the campus's vice president for student affairs. “We agree it's not fair to Californians.”
Although San Jose State made a campuswide decision to accept out-of-state and international applications, Cal State East Bay left the decision to individual departments. The biology department decided not to accept the out-of-state students, but others gritted their teeth and opened their doors.
“It's grossly unfair,” said Matt Johnson, chairperson of Cal State East Bay's math and computer science department. About 50 students from outside California have applied for spring admission, they said. “It's a lose-lose proposition.”
Some departments, including Johnson's, have delayed a final decision, hoping they will be able to accept Californians if voters in November pass Gov. Jerry Brown's tax hikes.
Many academics find the issue distasteful.
“Personally, I feel quite crummy about the whole thing,” said Peter Marsh, a Cal State East Bay music professor who coordinates their department's graduate program.
“I understand where it's coming from, but the message it sends is not a good one.”
Matt Krupnick covers higher education. Follow them at Twitter.com/MattKrupnick.
Grump's Dream Course Series Game Grumps VS Console SNES Episodes 63 Playlist Grumps Dream Course Run August 31st - September 6th, 2016
September 21st - October 4th, 2016
October 12th - 24th, 2016
November 1st - 9th, 2016
December 6th, 2016
March 10th - 18th, 2017
April 5th - 7th, 2017
August 29th, 2017 - September 4th, 2017 Status Hiatus
Grump's Dream Course is a ROM hack of Kirby's Dream Course for the SNES played by Danny and Arin on Game Grumps VS.
Contents show]
Episodes Edit
Playthrough Edit
Arin and Danny start by playing through the first four "top" courses in the game: Danny's "Woods", Mr. Barry & Mr. Kevin, Burgie and Ninja Brian. Afterwards Arin and Danny start exploring the other numerous courses in the game, starting with Ross' Dungeon, then the EX versions of the top courses.
So far Danny has won seven of the thirteen matches played, while Arin has won only one. Four of the matches have ended in perfect tie scores, with one more honorary tie where both players agreed to call a draw after Arin essentially threw the match.
Scorecards Edit
Danny's "Woods" Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score Double Diamonds with a Side of Wings Giik 3 5 Flurge: The Ride Chongo 6 2 Janeane Garofolo's Expedition to Mt. Everest Fyre 4 5 Trickshot PoppysquidJr 3 5 Gimble Gamps vltz 5 3 Halfpipes Shard1697 2 6 Boom Bap Metagenki 8 0 Monkey Enclosure NotTimBuckley 4 9 Total score: 35 35 Winners: Draw
Mr. Barry & Mr. Kevin Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score It's Snowing on Mt. Fuji Tom. A 2 5 Golf Grumps RadzPrower 3 5 Skate Park GenericBlue 5 4 Just a Simple Level Jmac-Himself 5 6 Nightmares on Dream Course TheMornal 1 7 The Pit bluedude5487 3 7 (Not So) Dusty Dunes daiches99 4 5 Mr. Shine and Die Untu98 5 4 Total score: 28 43 Winners: Danny
Burgie Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score Perspective BerryPrincess 4 5 Rotato Psytew 2 5 Midiguy 6 MidiGuyDP 5 5 The Cliffs iadrummer 3 5 Crater Arena karma_the_llama 6 3 Breezy Bouncing Swisle 4 5 Clover Krizby425 6 4 Bump N Jump SaiyanSerenityV 4 7 Total score: 34 39 Winners: Danny
Ninja Brian Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score M&M's Skeeball Race Evan Hock 4 3 Water World Swissendo 6 3 One Haunted Corner Macaluso100 3 2 Points of interest MardKayin 2 4 Bounce Valley cousinoer5 2 4 Waddey Diego D. 5 4 Spike Plateau Banana57113 3 3 Sandstorm Slide MowseChao 4 6 Total score: 29 29 Winners: Draw
Ross' Dungeon Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score Chequer Pokie vltz 4 4 GAMA OVAR NotTimBuckley 5 3 Kirby Madness: Practice karma_the_llama 4 5 I've Made a Terrible Mistake ladrummer 1 4 Zero Slope NotTimBuckley 3 4 Certain Doom karma_the_llama 3 2 Sleepy Sheepy GoRoy 2 1 DAN-ARIN CodexNemesica 5 5 Total score: 27 28 Winners: Danny
Danny's "Woods" EX Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score Spin Pit Michael X 2 5 Jimmy Jamboree EdgarAllenPoeish 1 5 Some Random Island daiches99 4 3 Rock-Based Level Shard1697 4 3 SSSSSS TheGiik 7 0 Bubles RadzPrower 4 5 Big Donut ChongoNG 6 3 Courtyard vltz 1 8 Total score: 29 32 Winners: Danny
Barry & Kevin EX Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score Divided Psytew 2 4 Spiked Hill daiches99 3 5 Dives In krizby425 5 1 Ring krizby425 7 2 Geology 102 TheCoolestKeytar 6 5 Reverse C The_Clam93 1 9 The Slope Solomon Stewart 5 3 Launch! The_Clam93 3 6 Total score: 32 35 Winners: Honorary Draw
Burgie EX, a.k.a. NotTimBuckley's Straight 8 (all levels made by NotTimBuckley) Level Name Arin's score Danny's score BouceHaus 4 2 Rainbow Redan 4 4 Fairway Fringe Frenzy 5 3 Windy Pit 3 6 Jump Around 4 5 Pathway 4 5 Poa Plateau 5 2 18-2 Remix 4 6 Total score: 33 33 Winners: Draw
Ninja Brian EX Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score Wave Wave TheGiik 1 8 Symmetry Sigma-Alpha_2 6 3 Kirby "Bowl" Freen in Green 6 2 Go Figure percolatorfish 3 4 Checks and Balances MowseChao 5 3 Revenant Dacker23 4 4 (Oh hey), Big Zap percolatorfish 3 4 The Junction EdgarAllenPoeish 6 4 Total score: 34 32 Winners: Arin
Mowse Holes (all levels made by MowseChao) Level Name Arin's score Danny's score Umbrella Cliff 3 3 Road Block 2 5 Gliding 4 2 Twister Dash 4 2 Dumbell 4 3 Bounce Castle 4 3 Victory Valley 4 3 Pachinko Town 2 9 Total score: 27 30 Winners: Danny
MidiGuyDP Course - Round 1 (all levels made by MidiGuyDP) Level Name Arin's score Danny's score Level 1 2 5 Level 2 2 5 Level 3 5 3 Level 4 1 6 Level 5 2 7 Level 6 7 3 Level 7 5 2 Level 8 2 8 Total score: 26 39 Winners: Danny [1]
Bonus 3 (Bonus Round) Level Name Author Arin's score Danny's score StarTropics karma_the_llama 5 6 Hello Kirby Island Adventure Metagenki 4 3 Total score: 9 9 Winners: Draw
MidiGuyDP Course - Round 2 Level Name Arin's score Danny's score Level 1 1 6 Level 2 5 2 Level 3 4 4 Level 4 2 5 Level 5 3 6 Level 6 4 6 Level 7 2 5 Level 8 6 4 Total score: 27 38 Winners: Danny
Game Information Edit
What is it? Edit
Grump's Dream Course is a ROM hack for Kirby's Dream Course SNES game. It contains Game Grumps themed graphical changes, Ninja Sex Party and Starbomb music covers, and 152 holes made by the Game Grumps community.
How did it begin? Edit
Game Grumps have played a lot of Kirby's Dream Course on their channel and they wished it had more holes to play. A user on GG subreddit found a level editor for the game, bunch of people got excited, and so the project got started.
Interesting stuff Edit
152 holes, 19 courses
About 40 sprites and 30 palettes modified
3 custom songs + GG VS intro
Assembly level code changes
Development took 1.5 years…
Subreddit has 699 threads and 331 subscribers (as of June 25th, 2016)
If you count all the ability cards and animation frames as their own sprite changes, then the changed sprites number is closer to 140.
If you count different palettes that affect one sprite as multiple changes, then the changed palettes number is closer to 100.[2]
Trivia Edit
This is the first Grump-themed fan-game ever played on the show, as well as the first game that was specifically created for Arin and Danny to play on Game Grumps .
. The Grump's Dream Course play-through currently has the most episodes of any Game Grumps VS play-through. It surpassed Kirby's Dream Course's eighteen episode run on October 2nd, 2016.
References Edit
ON JANUARY 16th 2003, 82 seconds after the space shuttle Columbia lifted off, a piece of foam insulation weighing less than a kilogram broke off its fuel tank and hit the left wing. Bosses at America's space agency, NASA, were largely reassured by a subsequent presentation delivered by the “debris assessment” team. They did not request that a military spy satellite photograph the wing, in orbit, before re-entry. But its thermal protection was, in fact, badly damaged. As it re-entered the atmosphere 13 days later, the shuttle, and its crew of seven, burned up.
In a report eight months later, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board cast considerable blame on the debris-assessment team's presentation to higher-ups during the shuttle's flight, prepared using PowerPoint software. Information had been poorly condensed onto 28 slides. On one cluttered slide the words “significant” and “significantly” were used five times with a range of meanings from “detectable in a perhaps irrelevant calibration case study” to “an amount of damage so that everyone dies”, noted Edward Tufte, a consultant to the investigators. It was easy to see how managers could have viewed the slides without grasping the level of danger, the board concluded.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Rarely, of course, does a botched slide presentation have such tragic consequences. But as Dr Tufte, a statistician at Yale University, argues in their book “The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint: Pitching Out Corrupts Within”, cramming information onto slides all too often breeds confusing jargon, alphabet soup, and verb-less phrases assembled into bogus bullet-point hierarchies.
A new approach, then, would be greatly welcomed by many presenters and audiences alike—and “deep zooming” software may provide it. Zoomable user interfaces (ZUIs), as they are known, are arriving on the coat-tails of touch-screen gadgets such as the iPhone that have popularised zooming to magnify graphics.
With ZUIs (pronounced zoo-ees), information need not be chopped up to fit on uniformly sized slides. Instead, text, images and even video sit on a single, limitless surface and can be viewed at whatever size makes most sense—up close for details, or zoomed out for the big picture. The presentation software designed by Prezi, a firm based in Budapest, Hungary, is based on this kind of “infinite canvas”, as its founder, Peter Halacsy, calls it. For example, a naturalist delivering a presentation on giraffe habitats can tuck tables on, say, the nutritional qualities of foliage into the leaves of different tree species seen in satellite imagery of a savanna. The data could be left hidden for a talk to schoolchildren, or zoomed in on and revealed for an audience of scientists.
Before giving a talk, a presenter can pick waypoints on the canvas to be visited in sequence by pressing a button, with smooth pans, zooms and rotations from one to the next. But Prezi can also free presenters from the predetermined sequence epitomised by a “deck” of slides. A speaker can “fly” over the canvas, using spatial memory to access information when it is needed. Prezi has more than 10m users and signs up another 1m or so each month. It has become more prominent after being used by some speakers at TED, a conference series adored by techies. (TED is an investor in Prezi.)
Forthcoming software for timeline presentations, dubbed ChronoZoom, offers another Zoom-based approach. Events are described or represented along a timeline using text, images, and video. Zoom in so that a recent 24-hour section of the timeline fits on a laptop screen, and at this scale, the timeline stretches about 17 billion kilometres to the left. Zooming out reveals the past decade, or century—or the entire sweep of 13.7 billion years of cosmic time. Zooming in again can show contemporaneous developments in ancient Babylon and Mycenaean Greece, say, or how matter behaved in the first fractions of a second after the Big Bang. All this can provide a “gut understanding” of historical context and causation, says Walter Alvarez, the project's co-founder.
Roland Saekow, the project's leader, says that when demoing ChronoZoom they like “to listen for the gasp” of amazement. About 30 people are developing ChronoZoom at Microsoft Research, Moscow State University and the University of California, Berkeley, where Mr Alvarez and Mr Saekow work. A “curated” version edited by professional historians, geologists and cosmologists is in the works (a test version is already up). In a year or so a free version will be made available for use as a presentation tool.
Ready for your close-up
The Zoom-based approach can transform multi-page websites into a single broad surface that simultaneously displays all content. Instead of clicking and waiting for a new page to appear, a visitor can zoom directly to areas of interest. On the Hard Rock Café website, a page built using Microsoft's Silverlight software shows 1,610 memorabilia items. By using the scroll wheel to zoom, details of each one can be expanded to fill the entire screen.
Software that zooms deep into moving imagery may be next. America's Department of Energy is developing software to drill into scientific animations of particle behaviour in nuclear reactions. Called VisIt, its zooming range is equivalent to zipping from a view of the Milky Way to a grain of sand, says Becky Springmeyer, who is working on the project at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
Will deep zooming catch on? Mark Changizi, an evolutionary neurobiologist and author of “The Vision Revolution”, notes that the human visual system has to cope with zooming when moving, say, through a dense grove of trees. Today's zooming software operates on a different scale, but as touch-screen devices proliferate, zooming has become a popular way to manipulate maps and photos—so perhaps it will catch on in other areas, too.
Joss Whedon's ground-breaking TV show Buffy the Vampire Slayer ended its run over 10 years ago. And though its influence on our cultural landscape is clear, it seems as though the larger takeaway lesson hasn't properly stuck. That lesson? The geek community is ready for strong women. It has been for quite sometime. So why is this a war that's still being waged?
For every good example of strong women in the geek-driven community (the strong women of Westeros, the box-office supremacy of Katniss), there's a crushing moment of exclusion. There's still no Wonder Woman or Black Widow movie, and the creators behind the popular video game Assassin's Creed think women aren't worth the trouble.
That's why the existence and, more importantly, the record-breaking success of BBC America's brilliant female-empowerment tale Orphan Black is so vital.
The BBC America science-fiction show about clones and their mysterious origins has received a lot of critical notice, thanks in large part to an attention-grabbing performance from Tatiana Maslany, who expertly plays the show's five main characters. The strong buzz around both the novelty of the concept and the show's well-written cast of characters resulted in a 91 percent uptick in viewership for Orphan Black's second season. What the extraordinary Orphan Black proves is that the geek community is not just ready for one type of badass woman; it's ready for (at least) five.
Because Maslany's performance and the show's writing contain multitudes and run the gamut of archetypal feminine strength. We have Sarah (who covers wiliness, brawn, and a mothering instinct), Cosima (sheer brain power), Alison (cunning, heightened femininity, and another kind of mothering instinct), Rachel (ruthless ambition), and, best of all, Helena (relentless, feral strength). Helena is the show's true gift to women, particularly in this season when they took on masculine oppression wherever they went, be it in bar fights (how Game of Thrones of her) . . .
. . . or a male-run cult community. The second-to-last episode ended with Helena literally skewering the patriarchy before torching it to the ground.
Because the show is smart enough to back away from the concept that all female power needs to be of the mentally unbalanced variety, not all the women in Orphan Black are unhinged like Helena. But that's why this show is such a complicated joy. Tatiana Maslany is every woman, literally. And sometimes she's something else entirely. Maslany themselves has commented on the decidedly feminist thrust of the show, which makes cloning and male-driven, scientific control a metaphor for sexual politics:
That always resonated for me as a woman to have this idea of our bodies not being our own. That they're owned by someone else. That the image of them is owned by someone else. I feel that's a very resonant theme for young women like myself, and especially women in this industry.
Orphan Black also makes room for strong, if feminine men. I'm not only referring to the gay co-lead Felix, played brilliantly by Jordan Gavaris. But in the maternal Cal and the emasculated Donnie, the show not only allows men to play traditionally feminine roles, but also allows them to have extraordinary strength within those roles.
The success and brilliance of Orphan Black is what makes other failures and exclusions that much worse. Pop culture creators still frequently claim their audiences are “not ready” for female leads, as when Orphan Black's brother show Doctor Who hired, surprise surprise, another white man to play the 12th iteration of the long-running show's titular lead. (Granted, a talented white man.)
Moffat, admittedly, has never had the tightest grip on what it means to write strong women, but there was zero pushback from male fans when the creators of the popular animated series Legend of Korra introduced a woman as the replacement for the beloved male-lead, Aang, in the continuation of the popular Nickelodeon animated series Avatar: The Last Airbender. NPR reported on Konietzko's struggle to get the highly-popular Legend of Korra made,
Some Nickelodeon executives were worried about backing an animated action show with a female lead character. Conventional TV wisdom has it that girls will watch shows about boys, but boys won't watch shows about girls. During test screenings, though, boys said they didn't care that Korra was a girl. They just said they were awesome.
Konietzko, to their credit, created in Korra exactly the kind of fierce sci-fi/fantasy female lead that leaves us clamoring for more. “She's muscular,” they said, “and we like that.”
What emerges here is that the concept of men not liking strong women (or that the world isn't ready for gender equality in geek properties) has to be carefully taught; it resonates with adult men in a way it doesn't with boys. Look no further than the popularity of the animated Star Wars: Clone Wars series, another kids show that featured a strong female lead; if you don't instruct boys that they don't want to watch girls in action, they'll want to watch girls in action.
Perhaps due to increased exposure in the younger generations, things are unquestionably looking up. We will get a Wonder Woman film and (probably) a Black Widow film eventually. But even Scarlett Johansson, whose fabulous Black Widow is also, regrettably, a token strong woman who keeps taking a backseat to their male counterparts, has something to say about women in geek properties.
I think it would be exciting to be a part of a franchise or a standalone film where the female superhero used those opportunities as more than moments to stop, pause and look sexy, and actually have a lot of a real depth to the story.
Given early descriptions of their beskirted costume and director Zack Snyder's tricky history with female empowerment, Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman may not quite get us there. But at least Black Widow and Wonder Woman will get a shot, in a time when the gatekeepers of geekdom continue to perpetuate inequality by being afraid to take chances.
Well-written characters in geek properties will succeed with audiences regardless of gender, or color for that matter--women are far from the only group being marginalized by the geek mainstream. Female characters or characters of color may even do better when they represent something new and original. Maybe not that new and original, though. Like I said at the top, Buffy ended over 10 years ago. So then why does Orphan Black still feel so rare?
Belgium's small size belies the country's huge influence on world history. See how many of these top 20 Belgian inventions you know.
55Belgian chocolates, beers and waffles are the stereotypical icons of Belgium but besides world fame for this tasty trifecta, this small western European country has much to boast about. Belgium is accredited to several well-known innovations and discoveries that many people don't know are Belgian, including oil painting, obstetrical forceps and an encryption that makes wireless networks safe. Below is a list of even more Belgian inventions that have influenced the course of world history.
Here are the top 20 inventions created by Belgians.
1. Contraceptive pill
The first birth control pill produced in the United States in 1957 was riddled with side effects and it wasn't until 1961, when Flemish obstetrician and gynecologist Ferdinand Peeters developed an improved version, that the pill could be widely used by women. The Belgian doctor's pill was the first combined oral contraception introduced outside the US that had ‘acceptable' side effects and used on a global scale.
Belgium was strictly Catholic at the time of the pill's creation, forcing Peeters, who was a conservative Catholic himself, to keep quiet about their experiment to avoid falling foul of Belgian law and religious prohibition on hormonal contraception. Peeters never patented their pill, which would likely have earned them a fortune, and instead it was sold to a German pharmaceutical company and marketed as Anovlar.
Advertisement
2. Body mass index (BMI)
The modern guideline to healthy weight can be attributed to the Body Mass Index (BMI) created by Belgian mathematician Lambert Adolphe Quetelet. The BMI or Quetelet Index measures body fat by dividing a person's body mass by the square of their height. It remains the official measurement for obesity to this day, where if the result of the ratio is more than 30 a person is considered overweight.
Advertisement
3. Plastic
The revolutionary ‘age of plastic' can be credited to the invention by Belgian plastics pioneer Leo Henricus Baekeland, who created the first commercial version of plastic called Bakelite, inspired by their own name. Bakelite garnered immediate public interest when it was first introduced to the public in 1909 due to its strength, malleability, heat-resistance and low production cost. The product's versatility inspired the company's tagline ‘the material of thousand uses' — and rightfully so as we see today – although this version of synthetic material fell out of favour as it failed to hold colour as well as newer plastics.
4. Cricket
Cricket has long been assumed to be an English invention with references dating to the 1600s but newer academic research suggests that immigrants from northern Belgium imported the game. The discovery is based on a poem thought to have been written in 1533 by John Skelton, which refers to Flemish weavers as ‘king of crekettes' and ‘wickettes' are also mentioned. The weavers were thought to have played the game near the sheep they herded after settling in England, using shepherds' crooks as bats. Perhaps this explains the Flemish saying ‘met de krik ketsen‘ meaning to ‘chase a ball with a curved stick'.
Advertisement
5. Inline skates
Today's roller skates have come a long way from the first creation introduced by Belgian horologist John Joseph Merlin in 1760. Their invention was essentially a pair of ice skates with wheels instead of blades, similar to today's inline skates. But steering was difficult and the roller skates lacked brakes, and Merlin's design did not become widely popular. It certainly did not help when a skating performance resulted in them crashing into a mirror and causing severe injuries. Their design, however, led to redesigns that have morphed roller skates into the popular forms we know today.
6. Mercator projection
When you check an online map for directions or browse the location of a new restaurant, you're likely using one of the most-famous Belgian innovations ever created: the Mercator projection. Created in 1569 by Flemish cartographer Gerardus Mercator, the Mercator projection is arguably the most popular version of the world map after it became the first map to factor in the earth's spherical shape. It has been adapted for nautical purposes for its ability to preserve constant true directional bearing through its rhumb lines — straight segments that cut all meridians at the same angle — and allow navigators to plot a straight line course.
The Mercator projection, however, is not without faults. Increasing latitudes from the equator to the poles (where they become infinite) distort the size of objects, making landmasses like Greenland appear much larger than those near the equator such as central America when, in reality, Greenland is smaller than the Arabian Peninsula. This Belgian invention is nonetheless used by Google Maps and many more online services.
Advertisement
7. Saxophone
When Belgian instrument maker Adolphe Sax strived to fill the gaping musical hole between woodwind and brass instruments, the saxophone family was born in 1846. Armed with the vocal force of a brass instrument but with the finesse of a woodwind, Adolphe Sax created the saxophone with a single-reed mouthpiece and patented two groups of seven instruments. Saxophones are an adaptive woodwind instrument used in classical music, jazz and military and marching bands. Without Sax's tinkering, we wouldn't have the famous saxophone riffs in Phil Collins' One More Night, George Michael's Careless Whisper or one of the most recognisable saxophone solos by renown US saxophonist Clarence Clemens in Bruce Springsteen's Jungleland.
8. Imodium
If you've ever experienced an upset stomach, you may be familiar with the drug Imodium. Thanks to Belgian doctor Paul Janssen, Imodium – or loperamide as it's scientifically known – was first synthesised in their Belgian-based company Jannsen Pharmaceutica in 1969. The fast-acting medicine is used to decrease the frequency of symptoms for patients suffering gastroenteritis and bowel issues, and has been listed on the World Health Organisation's (WHO) list of essential medicines.
Advertisement
9. World Wide Web
The World Wide Web (WWW) is credited to British computer scientist Tim Berners-Lee but Belgian informatics engineer and computer scientist Robert Cailliau is also considered a co-inventor due to their role in creating the proposal that led to the invention of the WWW. Berners-Lee and Cailliau co-wrote the proposal in November 1990 while they were both employed at CERN in Switzerland, and Cailliau subsequently played a large part in getting funding and seeing the project to fruition. Cailliau is also credited to collaborating on the development of the first Web browser for the Apple Macintosh in 1992.
10. JPEG conversion
Thanks to Belgian physicist and mathematician Baroness Ingrid Daubechies, today we can save thousands of images without blocking tons of hard disk space. Daubechies' ground-breaking creation of mathematical formulas, known as Daubechies Wavelets, led to the creation of the JPEG2000 standard for image compression, which efficiently strips images of unneeded data so they can be saved in smaller file sizes. Today Daubechies Wavelets are one of the most common types use in applications, and without them we might not have digital cameras or fast scanning of fingerprints. Interestingly, Daubechies never patented them invention.
Advertisement
11. Belgian endive
The Belgian endive (witloof in Flemish), a cultivated variety of common chicory, was the 1850s discovery of Belgian Frans Breziers, who was a horticulturist at the Botanical Garden of Brussels in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode.
Breziers stumbled across a way to grow blanched endives by enclosing them in dark, hot and humid areas. Hidden from daylight, the endive was stripped of the green pigment associated with common chicory. This new white-leafed version exploded onto Europe's culinary scene. Belgian endives can be eaten baked, steamed, boiled, grilled or raw, and feature in Belgian cuisine.
12. Asphalt
Belgian chemist Edward de Smedt paved the way for the creation of modern roads with their invention of asphalt concrete. De Smedt patented their ‘sheet asphalt pavement' in 1870 while they were working on coal dust problems at Columbia University in New York. The first applications of their invention were in 1872 at Battery Park and Fifth Avenue in New York City. De Smedt continued to improve their asphalt mix with bitumen from different countries until they found a formula that carpeted roads with a smooth, clean finish.
Advertisement
13. Electric tram
Belgian Karel Van de Poele was a famous inventor with more than 240 patents to their name but one of their most lauded innovations was the electric tram. In 1883, Van de Poele became the first person to power a tram by electricity driven back and forth on a track in Chicago. They later also developed the trolley system, which powers trams by collecting currents from an attached overhead wire.
14. Internal combustion engine
The invention of the internal combustion engine (ICE) has had a profound impact on society, enabling the movement of automobiles, trucks, airplanes and buses. Out of all the various patents at the time, the ICE created by Belgian engineer Étienne Lenoir in 1858 was the first design to be considered a success as it could be commercialised in sufficient quantities. Lenoir's engine was a single-cylinder, two-stroke engine and burned a mixture of coal gas and air ignited by a ‘jump sparks' system to generate power.
15. Carillon instruments
The Lowlands continues to boast the largest concentration of carillon bell instruments and it's no surprise since Belgium is considered the birthplace of this invention. Carillons comprise a system of at least 23 bronze bells – although there are much more elaborate carillons counting more than 50 or 60 bells – and melodies and chords are played by striking a keyboard of stick-like, wooden batons. The use of bells in a musical fashion is said to have been first discovered in 1510 in Flanders when a ‘local fool' played music on the Oudenaarde Town Hall's bells by using a baton keyboard. You can typically find carillon bells in Belgium in belfry towers attached to churches or municipal buildings, and they were traditionally used to alert cities of the time or special events. In 2014, UNESCO added Belgium's carillon culture to its list of intangible cultural heritage.
16. Neoprene synthetic rubber
It's hard to imagine that the type of synthetic rubber we sometimes see in mouse pads, laptop covers, wetsuits, camera cases or Halloween masks once had religious affiliations. The creation of neoprene was influenced by Belgian chemist and priest Reverent Julius Nieuwland's research on acetylene chemistry. In 1920, Nieuwland produced a type of jelly that firmed into an elastic compound similar to rubber. Nieuwland mentioned this revolutionary finding during a lecture in New York, attended by a scientist from America chemical conglomerate DuPont. The DuPont scientists, with the priest's help, built upon this basic research to create modern-day neoprene, which is used in a range of applications today.
17. Stock exchange
In the 14th century, Belgium lay between two major trading empires: the Mediterranean dominated by the Italians and the Baltic Sea with German Haneastic merchants. Residents in Belgium acted as intermediaries between the merchants, and innkeepers often played a central role as brokers for their customers. The Ter Beurse inn, run by the Van der Beurze family, was one of the most renowned – arguably founded in Antwerp although many accounts say Bruges – and the square in front of the inn became the leading financial and commercial centre. Shares of companies weren't traded at this time, instead traded ‘stocks' referred to affairs of government, businesses, trade and individual debt. Brokers would also gather local and foreign economic data from travelling guests and eventually exchange rates from various cities were announced at regular times, later leading to an organised money market. The idea quickly spread around Flanders and neighbouring countries and early stock markets, such as in Ghent and Rotterdam, were typically called ‘beurzen', which is said to be the etymological origin of today's word for exchange, ‘bourse'.
18. Gypsy swing
Virtuoso guitarist Jean Baptiste ‘Django' Reinhardt did not let tragedy affect their creation of an entirely new jazz guitar technique, despite having to accommodate the paralysis of two fingers on their left hand following a trailer fire. After the accident, Reinhardt, a Belgian-born musician of gypsy ancestry, used only the index and middle finger of their left hand for solos. Their new musical combination of a range of genres, notably gypsy and swing, consolidated them as a legendary figure in jazz history, and they are often credited as the forefather of what is called gypsy jazz or hot jazz. Reinhardt's most popular songs have become jazz standards that continue to inspire generations of musicians.
19. Sodium carbonate
This household product is synthetically produced with salt and limestone typically using a method known as the Solvay process, named after its Belgian inventor Ernest Solvay. Although sodium carbonate was not Solvay's invention, in 1861 they improved and simplified the laborious Leblanc process, allowing for production on an industrial scale. It has many purposes such as cooking and cleaning but the manufacture of glass is one of the most important uses. Around the year 1900 the Solvay Company produced about 95 percent of global demand for sodium carbonate, and Solvay's legacy lives on in the forms of their many philanthropic endeavours, such as the Solvay Business School in Brussels.  They are buried in Ixelles Cemetery.
20. Atlas Rocket (Atlas ICBM)
America's first operational ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) was created by Belgian pioneer rocket designer Karl Jan Bossart, born in Antwerp. The Atlas ICBM was used as a first stage for satellite launch vehicles for half a century after it became operational in 1959. As a launch vehicle, it was one of the most reliable expendable rockets in service and several achievements are credited to Bossart's invention: the launch of the first communications satellite, launch of the first US orbital manned missions and the launch of probes to Mars, Venus, Jupiter and Saturn. However, as their work was largely classified, they remain relatively unknown.
Photo credits: Daniel R Strebe (Mercator projection via Wikimedia), Andrew Wilkinson (endive), Rued via Wikimedia (carillon).
Sebastian Junger is an author, journalist and filmmaker whose recent work includes the best-selling book “War” and the Oscar-nominated documentary “Restrepo.”
I have worked as a war reporter since 1993, when I sent myself to Bosnia with a backpack, a sleeping bag and a stack of notebooks. The first dead body I saw in a war zone was a teenage girl who was sprawled naked outside the Kosovar town of Suha Reka, having been gang-raped by Serbian paramilitaries toward the end of the war in 1999. After they finished with her, they cut their throat and left them in a field to die; when I saw her, the only way to know they were female — or indeed human — was the red nail polish on their hands.
I grew up in an extremely liberal family during the Vietnam War, and yet I found it hard not to be cheered by the thought that the men who raped and killed that girl might have died during the 78-day NATO bombardment that eventually brought independence to Kosovo.
Every war I have ever covered — Kosovo, Bosnia, Sierra Leone and Liberia — withstood all diplomatic efforts to end it until Western military action finally forced a resolution. Even Afghanistan, where NATO troops stepped into a civil war that had been raging for a decade, is experiencing its lowest level of civilian casualties in more than a generation. That track record should force even peace advocates to consider that military action is required to bring some wars to an end.
And yet there's been little evidence of that sentiment in American opposition to missile strikes against military targets in Syria. Even after 1,400 Syrian civilians, including 400 children, were killed in a nerve gas attackthat was in all likelihood carried out by government forces, the prospect of American military intervention has been met with a combination of short-sighted isolationism and reflex pacifism — though I cannot think of any moral definition of “antiwar” that includes simply ignoring the slaughter of civilians overseas.
Of course, even the most ardent pacifist can't deny that the credible threat of U.S. force is what made the Syrian regime at all receptive to a Russian proposal that it relinquish control of its stockpiles of nerve agents. If the deal falls apart or proves to be a stalling tactic, military strikes, or at least the threat of them, will again be needed. Already, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's denials have been troubling. Their suggestion that the rebels turned nerve gas on themselves to garner the world's sympathy reminds me of the Serb authorities who said the people of Sarajevo were mortaring themselves; it was just as unconvincing as as it is now.
The most common objection to strikes is that the United States is not the world's police officer; we have poured our resources and blood into two long wars over the past decade, and it's time for someone else to take care of those duties.
That is a very tempting position, but it does not hold water. The reality is that we have staked our military and economic security on making sure that no other country — including our longtime allies — has anywhere close to the military capabilities that we do. We are safe in our borders because we are the only nation that can park a ship in international waters and rain cruise missiles down on specific street addresses in a foreign city for weeks on end. And we enjoy extraordinary wealth because our foreign trade and oil imports are protected by the world's most powerful navy. I find it almost offensive that anyone in this country could imagine they are truly pacifist while accepting the protection and benefit of all that armament. If you have a bumper sticker that says “No Blood For Oil,” it had better be on your bike.
The United States is in a special position in the world, and that leads many people to espouse a broad American exceptionalism in foreign affairs. Even if they're correct, those extra rights invariably come with extra obligations. Precisely because we claim such a privileged position, it falls to us to uphold the international laws that benefit humanity in general and our nation in particular.
Iraq hangs heavy over the American psyche and contributes to the war­weariness, but the 2003 invasion was not an intervention to stop an ongoing conflict. It was an unpopular intrusion into the affairs of a country that was troubled but very much at peace. In that sense, it was fundamentally different from other Western military interventions.
The ethnic slaughter in Bosnia was stopped by a two-week NATO bombardment after well over 100,000 civilians died. Not a single NATO soldier was killed. After Kosovo came Sierra Leone, where a grotesquely brutal civil war was ended by several hundred British SAS troops in a two-week ground operation in the jungles outside Freetown. They lost one man. In 2003, the Liberian civil war was easily ended by a contingent of U.S. Marines that came ashore after every single faction — the rebels, the government and the civilians — begged for intervention. Not a shot was fired.
The civilian casualties where there were strikes were terribly unfortunate, but they constituted a small fraction of casualties in the wars themselves.
Finally, there is the problem — the pacifist problem — of having no effective response to the use of nerve gas by a government against its citizens. To one degree or another, every person has an obligation to uphold human dignity in whatever small way they or they can. It is this concept of dignity that has given rise to international laws protecting human rights, to campaigns for prison reform, to boycotts against apartheid. In this context, doing nothing in the face of evil becomes the equivalent of actively supporting evil; morally speaking, there is no middle ground.
The civil war in Syria has killed more than 100,000 people essentially one person at a time, which is clearly an abomination, but it is not defined as a crime against humanity. The mass use of nerve agents against civilians is a crime against humanity, however. As such, it is a crime against every single person on this planet.
President Obama is not arguing for an action that decimates the Assad regime and allows rebel forces to take over.  They are not saying that we are going to put our troops at risk on the ground in Syria, or that it will be a long and costly endeavor, or even that it will be particularly effective.  They are saying that they do not want us to live in a world where nerve gas can be used against civilians without consequences of any kind. If killing 1,400 people with nerve gas is okay, then killing 14,000 becomes imaginable. When we have gotten used to that, killing 14 million may be next.
At some point, pacifism becomes part of the machinery of death, and isolationism becomes a form of genocide. It's not a matter of how we're going to explain this to the Syrians. It's a matter of how we're going to explain this to our kids.
Also in this week's Outlook section: Art critic Philip Kennicott explores why images of suffering don't galvanize public outrage, Syrian novelist Samar Yazbek says she's divided on questions facing their country, Eliot Cohen debunks five myths about cruise missiles and William Dobson reviews a book on how presidents go to war. Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.
1-2-Switch, by its very nature, lacks depth. A collection of 28 minigames brings with it broad appeal in its variety--activities include shooting cowboys, strumming an air guitar, cradling a baby to sleep, and more--but little in the way of long-lasting fun or replay value. Wii Sports faced the same problem 10 years ago, and solved it by basing its party games on real-world activities that were enjoyable in themselves before distilling them to simple, satisfying mechanics that were approachable for anyone and everyone. In swinging for the same pitch, 1-2-Switch misses as often as it hits, but it is nevertheless huge fun in the right environment.
Like Wii Sports, 1-2-Switch exists to demonstrate the capability of the hardware it launches with. Many of its minigames, such as the Harry Potter-vs-Voldemort-inspired Wizard, the swing fest Sword Fight, or the catwalk simulator Runway, seek to show off the Joy-Cons' impressive motion tracking by wrapping them in quirky and competitive activities, while also being easy to pick-up-and-play on the move.
While Wizard's TV-based mirroring of your real-world duel means it works well, many of the other motion-based games--especially Table Tennis and Baseball--suffer due to the lack of a visual aid. Hitting a ball between two players is tricky when there's no ball--physical or virtual--to hit. These games rely on timing and the ability to hear a fastball coming your way, but the timing often seems random, and in a party setting peace and quiet is rarely the most plentiful commodity--more than a slight problem for a party game. This lack of feedback leads to a frustrating loss or a hollow win. Either way, these minigames are the ones relegated to the bottom of the pile. Far better are those that use the Joy-Cons' motion as a supplement to the controllers' HD rumble capacity and the TV screen. Safe Crack and Joy-Con Rotation both use the tiny pads' accelerometers and vibrations to great effect while simultaneously giving you helpful, and aesthetically attractive, cues on-screen.
1-2-Switch really shines, however, when it has you look away from the TV and into the eyes of your opponent. Quick Draw, which tests who own the quicker trigger finger, and Samurai Training, in which one player must correctly predict the swing of and then catch their opponent's sword, are both captivating and hilarious in equal measure. These can still suffer in a noisy environment, but the immediately more social and engaging prospect of staring into your friend's (read: enemy's) soul as you whack them on the head with a pretend sword is a joy. Locking eyes with an opponent, spaghetti western soundtrack blaring, hand hovering over your trusty Nintendo-branded 'revolver,' ears peeled for the "FIRE" command--you could cut the tension with a Joy-Con, and that makes it even funnier when you unintentionally hurl your controller across the room. Serves me right for ignoring the wrist straps, I guess.
1-2-Switch really shines when it has you look away from the TV and into the eyes of your opponent.
Eye contact is also key to a number of 1-2-Switch's more suggestive games. In a somewhat surprising move for the usually resolutely family-focused company, Nintendo has produced a title whose high points are often centred around euphemisms of--shall we say--'lewd acts.' Milk sees you pull on the teats of a virtual cow, Eating Contest sees you hold a Joy-Con close to your face to eat a footlong sub, and Soda Shake has you shaking an imaginary bottle of pop until it bursts, showering its shakers. These minigames are all dressed up innocently enough, of course, but are quite clearly designed to cultivate thoughts of a rather more X-rated nature. Some may call it a vulgar attempt to please both knowing adults and unsuspecting kids with double entendres, but seeing your friends' faces as they realize what hand gestures they're making serves up some of the funniest moments 1-2-Switch has to offer.
Unfortunately, even these highlights wear thin all too soon when playing with the same people. 1-2-Switch's considerable breadth (there are plenty of activities to try) but lack of depth (those activities are mostly shallow) is reflected in its lasting appeal. Every new person I introduced to the game enjoyed their time with it, and my buzz was vicariously renewed with every initiation. But playing any one minigame more than a handful of times with those same people leads to that buzz fading rapidly. The innuendo-laden games suffer most from this since they're a one-note joke--a funny one, but one-note nonetheless. The only ones to survive the effect of diminishing returns are those that either have a layer of strategy--Samurai Training and Fake Draw (identical to Quick Draw but the announcer will fool you with red herrings like "FRUIT" or "FILE")--or have a high score component. Even this is a wasted opportunity; no leaderboards or Wii Sports-style skill level trackers mean you only find out what the record for the quickest shot is when you break it, starving 1-2-Switch of any meaningful meta-competition element.
1-2-Switch, then, feels a little like a wasted opportunity. Many of its minigames are duds that are too limited to be fun on their first attempt, let alone their 100th, and the remainder mostly don't have the depth to maintain a consistent enough high to warrant many playthroughs with the same crowd. There's no doubt 1-2-Switch should have been packed in with the Nintendo Switch, and the decision to sell it separately goes against every fibre of its varied-but-shallow DNA. But 1-2-Switch, at its best, delivers some hilarious moments. Seeing an uninitiated friend milk a cow, looking into your dad's eyes as you beat them to the trigger in Quick Draw, and making a fool of yourself strutting down Runway's catwalk is all amazing fun, even if it is short-lived.
Does it live up to Wii Sports? Not a chance. But that doesn't stop 1-2-Switch being an entertaining minigame collection--just make sure you've got enough willing friends to maintain your own fading high.
A social media account linked to the Chechen-led faction Jaish al-Muhajireen wal-Ansar (JMA), which considers itself to be the Syrian affiliate of the North Caucasus militant group the Caucasus Emirate, has accused the Islamic State (IS) group of using inexperienced young recruits as "cannon fodder."
The account, which appears to be run by a female JMA supporter who calls themselves Aygul Salagayeva or Bely Sneg ("White Snow"), is one of the largest pro-JMA accounts with a presence on both Facebook and the Russian social network VKontakte. The account often posts the opinions of North Caucasian militants in JMA.
JMA, which also has an Islamist ideology and which fights the Syrian government alongside groups like Al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra, has been in an increasingly bitter ideological battle with the Islamic State group since December 2013.
The post on February 2 accuses the Islamic State group and its propagandists, including a Russian-speaking individual who uses the alias Murad Atayev and appears to be located in Turkey, of deceiving young recruits.
"Young people cheated by propaganda from those such as Murad Atayev and similar media workers of the "Baghdadi State" [a pejorative term for the IS group used by some Russian-speaking militants] about a "great victory" are rushing to join this sect, thinking that they are going to a "caliphate" that is growing every day," the post by Salagayeva says.
The post goes on to claim that the Islamic State's leadership is in disarray.
"In reality, [the IS group's] leadership is panicking and throwing these novices into battle without giving them necessary information about the enemy and without equipping them with the required weapons (which it hasn't got, it's been left in Kobani, etc.)," Salagayeva goes on to say.
The remark about the Islamic State's leadership is likely a reference not only to the group's overall leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, but also to Umar Shishani, the IS military commander in Syria, a Russian-speaking militant from Georgia's Pankisi Gorge.
Chechen militants fighting in JMA and with the group named Seyfullakh Shishani's Jamaat, which is part of Jabhat al-Nusra, have previously accused Umar Shishani of using foreign fighter recruits for "cannon fodder" as a military strategy. One militant, who goes by the name Khalid Shishani and who fights with Seyfullakh Shishani's Jamaat, has blamed Umar Shishani for causing high casualty rates in battles because of this tactic.
Salagayeva's post goes on to criticize the Islamic State's recent tactic of making videos in which militants call on Muslims from their home countries to carry out attacks against civilians.
"Being unable to repulse the enemy with modern weapons, these people actively made videos of mass killings and urged their supporters to murder ordinary citizens in Europe and America," Salagayeva wrote.
The post ends with a call to wanna-be militants not to join Islamic State.
"So you who are in a hurry come here to wage jihad; if you want to die in a questionable way and get a dubious martyrdom [a term used by militants to refer to dying in battle], considering where and how you will die -- you should really go to [IS]. But those of you who want to fight in Allah's path, stay away from this meat grinder," the post concludes.
The post is the latest example of a recent trend of social media accounts linked to JMA and other anti-IS Chechen militants in Syria openly criticizing the Islamic State group.
Last week, accounts linked to JMA expressed positive reactions to the Kurdish victory over the IS group in Kobani, even though they insisted that they do not support the Kurds.
The trend reflects the increasing animosity between North Caucasus militants in IS and those in other factions, particularly JMA. The growing rift between the factions -- which began after Umar Shishani left the letter to pledge allegiance to IS leader Baghdadi in December 2013 -- has been exacerbated in recent weeks after a number of Caucasus Emirate groups, mostly in Dagestan, pledged allegiance to the IS group.
-- Joanna Paraszczuk
Proponents of human-made climate change are being challenged more and more by scientists who don't buy into the climate catastrophe scare. The arguments used to dismiss the challengers range from calling the non-believers names such as president Obama's “flat earthers” and their use of the term “denier” which is meant to equate non-believers with holocaust deniers, very un-presidential. Al Gore is the champion of the name calling using terms such as racists, homophobes, alcoholics and smokers among others to describe those who dare dispute what they preach, after all they were Vice-President. That means he's smart right? Another attempt to marginalize the challengers is to site the various branches of government and scientific organizations that have issued proclamations about their belief in man made global warming. If they're big and have lots of money they must be right, right?
Large institutions such as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) the National Science Foundation (NSF) the National Academy of Science (NAS) the American Physical Society (APS) the American Meteorological Society (AMS) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) along with many other government and academic institutions and societies have all issued statements touting their commitment to the man made global warming theory.
All of these organizations have stated that man made global warming is real and is caused by burning fossil fuels. Based on their unanimity we are therefore supposed to believe they are correct. By quoting the statements from these well known organizations we are supposed to believe that because they are large and well funded they are therefore exempt from making mistakes. Of course this is not true. As an example, in 2006 NASA predicted sunspot cycle 24, the current cycle we're in now, would be the strongest in 300 years. The reality is that it will be the weakest in 100 years. They could not have been more wrong. Computer models from the 1990s predicted that global average surface temperature would continue to increase after the year 2000. They were wrong. There has been no measured temperature increase since 1998. Actually I believe that large institutions are more likely to be wrong more often than individuals. Large institutions have giant budgets that must be fed making them vulnerable to political agendas. They have enormous institutional inertia that makes it very hard for them to change direction. Individuals can change direction on a dime if new evidence indicates the old way of thinking was wrong.
The truth is that we really don't know what the thousands of people who make up large government agencies, organizations and institutions think of global warming. The department heads of government agencies and the boards of directors of academic institutions and societies may claim that their respective organizations support the man made global warming theory. The problem is that they never asked the people who actually make up these various entities what they think. For all I know 85% of all NASA employees may not believe in man made global warming, but nobody knows because nobody asked them. Just as President Obama does not speak for me and at least 57 million other Americans, the department heads and leaders of government agencies and other large institutions don't necessarily speak for their membership.
The bottom line is that using declarative statements from large organizations, that have a vested interest in maintaining their massive funding from the federal government to study “the problem”, have no real meaning. Until someone actually polls the members of these entities we will never know just what the rank and file members actually believe about man made global warming. It is the thousands of working members of these organizations that define who these entities really are, not the presidents, CEO's or department heads.
Another argument made by climate change alarmists is that we don't hear anything in the media from the “deniers”. The reason for this is that news organizations such as NBC, CBS, ABC and CNN have no tolerance for any opinion that is not their own, much like president Obama, whom they overwhelmingly support. I worked in the television news business for twenty five years as a meteorologist, mostly for NBC stations. What I found was that many people who work in TV are utopian liberals. They see government as the supreme repository of good that can, with a few billion dollars here and there, solve our problems.
What I also found was what John Stossel found when working at ABC. If you challenge the network orthodoxy you risk alienation or termination. In Stossel's new book “No They Can't” they describe the limited range of thinking that exists in many news organizations across the nation. Once, when Stossel suggested that politicians love of socialism kept India poor, Peter Jennings said their bias was “an embarrassment” to ABC and demanded that they be fired. Because Stossel did not agree with the networks view of the world, Jennings would turn the other way when the two would meet in a hallway. The reason you don't see climate change challenged on these networks is because they have made up their minds as to what is true and no amount of real truth will change that. I did a couple of interviews on MSNBC in New York a few years ago. One day I was contacted by a producer to see about coming down to New York for another interview. When I mentioned that global temperature had not increased since 1998 I never heard from them again.
I was in Montreal this past summer attending a climate change program at an Eco Park while on vacation. The program consisted of questions about climate change. It was a game show format. The room was divided into two groups. We all had buzzer buttons that we could push if we thought we had the correct answer to each climate change question. The side that got the most “correct” answers got the most points and won. As the game progressed I noticed many of the “correct” answers were wrong. I began to challenge the host, a young lady of about 25 years old. They put up with me saying things like “debate on this is good”. However a man in their 30s on the other side began to challenge me. I had said that global average surface temperature had not increased since 1998, They said temperature is continuing to rise. I said to them that even the United Nations IPCC has admitted that there has been a pause in the warming. They said temperature is rising. I asked for their data source. They had none. They were a firm believer that warming was continuing, probably due to viewing news programs and reading stories in newspapers.
Scrutiny of man made climate change arguments reveal why they are failing. Nature is showing us that carbon dioxide concentrations are not ruling global temperature. Since 1998 twenty eight percent of all carbon dioxide emissions released into the atmosphere since 1850 have occurred yet there has been no warming. World wide hurricanes are not increasing in number or strength. There has been no category 3 or higher hurricane strike in the United States since 2005. This year, in the United States, we are on our way to having the fewest number of tornadoes since modern record keeping began. Sea level is rising at the same rate is has for the last 100 years with no acceleration. Polar Bear populations are at record highs. Computer model temperature predictions are much too warm and the difference between them and measured temperature is increasing each year. Arctic sea ice loss at the end of the summer has leveled off. Man made climate change arguments are failing because they are wrong.
Bookmarks (called favorites in Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer) are links to web pages that make it easy to get back to your favorite places. This article covers the basics of making and managing Firefox bookmarks.
How do I bookmark a page?
To bookmark a page, just click on the star in the address bar.
The star will turn blue when the page is bookmarked and a window will pop up so you can name, move or tag your bookmark.
Note: If the star is missing from the address bar, click on the Page actions (3-dot) menu button.
Right-click Hold down the control key while you click on the menu entry for Bookmark this Page and then click on Add to Address Bar . If the star is missing from the address bar, click on the Page actions (3-dot) menu button.on the menu entry forand then click on
To bookmark all open tabs at once: Select Bookmark All Tabs… from the Bookmarks menu.
Right-click on any of the tabs and select Bookmark All Tabs… from the context menu.Right-click on any of the tabs, choose Select All Tabs from the context menu, then right-click on any tab and select Bookmark Tabs…. Give the new bookmarks folder a name and choose which folder to store it in. Click Add Bookmarks to finish.
You can also use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl + Shift + D command + Shift + D to bookmark all open tabs.
How do I change the name or location of a bookmark?
To edit the details of your bookmark, click the star a second time to open the Edit This Bookmark dialog box. In the Edit This Bookmark box you can change any of these details: Name : This is the name that Firefox displays for the bookmark in menus. Folder : Choose what folder to store your bookmark in by picking one from the drop-down menu (for example, the Bookmarks Menu or Bookmarks Toolbar). In that drop-down menu you can also select Choose... to display a list of all bookmarks folders. Tags : You can use tags to help you search through and organize your bookmarks. For more information, see Bookmark Tags - Categorize bookmarks to make them easy to find.
box you can change any of these details: When you are finished editing, click Done to close the box.
If you don't want to see this editor when saving a bookmark, remove the checkmark from Show editor when saving.
How do I find my bookmarks?
To find a page that you've bookmarked, just start typing its name in the address bar. As you type, a list of web pages that you've bookmarked, tagged and visited will appear. Bookmarked pages will have a star next to them. Simply click one of the pages and you'll be taken there instantly. To learn more, see Awesome Bar - Search your Firefox bookmarks, history and tabs from the address bar.
You can view and access all of your bookmarks from the Firefox Sidebar, the Bookmarks Menu button on the toolbar, if you added it, and from the Menu bar Bookmarks menu, if the Menu bar is enabled.
How do I organize my bookmarks?
The Library window lets you view and organize all of your bookmarks. To open the Bookmarks Library window:
Click the Library button , then click Bookmarks. Scroll to the bottom and click Show all Bookmarks. Click the Bookmarks button and select Show All Bookmarks to open the Library window.
Note: You can also use a can also use a keyboard shortcut to quickly open your Bookmarks Library.
By default, the bookmarks you make will be located in the Other Bookmarks folder. Select it in the sidebar of the Library window to see the bookmarks you've made. Double-clicking a bookmark will open it.
See these articles for details on how to manage a giant list of bookmarks:
While you are in the Library window you can drag bookmarks into other folders, such as the Bookmarks Menu folder. Those bookmarks will then appear in the Firefox Sidebar and Menu bar or toolbar Bookmarks menu. Bookmarks in the Bookmarks Toolbar folder will appear in the Bookmarks Toolbar, if it's turned on.
How do I add the Bookmarks Menu button to the toolbar? The Bookmarks Menu button is not shown by default but you can add it to the toolbar using the Library button: Click the Library button , then click Bookmarks . Click Bookmarking Tools . Click Add Bookmarks Menu to Toolbar . The Bookmarks Menu button should appear next to the Library button. To remove the button, repeat the steps above and, after clicking Bookmarking Tools, click Remove Bookmarks Menu from Toolbar.
How do I turn on the Bookmarks Toolbar?
The Bookmarks Toolbar is a handy place to add your favorite bookmarks. If you want to use the Bookmarks Toolbar, you can turn it on like this:
Click the menu button and choose Customize . Click the Toolbars dropdown menu at the bottom of the screen and select Bookmarks Toolbar . Click the Done button when you're finished.
Click the View menu at the top of the screen, go down to Toolbars and select Bookmarks Toolbar .
Other tips and tricks
Here are more articles to help you get the most out of your bookmarks:
Viking Age Weapons And Armours
The most veridic sources of information on the weapons and armours used on the battlefield by the Norsemen throughout the Viking Age stem from the Icelandic sagas, the skaldic poems, as well as from considerable archaeological findings.
To this date, some of the main points of interest are represented by the archaeological findings excavated in Scandinavia during the 20th century. One such discovery from the site of a farm called Gjermundbu located in the proximity of the little village of Haugsbygd, southern Norway, emphasizes several important pieces of Viking Age equipment dating to the 10th century.
Among the artefacts discovered there was also the only authentic and best preserved Viking Age helmet. Aside from the helmet proper, there have been unearthed three additional swords, an almost intact maille, three axes, three spearheads, four bulges from shields, a riding equipment, several game pieces as well as some dices from the burial mound where the burnt remains of two male Norsemen were found. These artefacts seemed to have belonged to two wealthy Norse chieftains.
Regarding the design of the helmets the Norsemen had worn, there is no archaeological finding discovered to this date which proves the fact that they were crafted with either wings or horns.
Another important aspect about the Norse military equipment is that the quality of the weapons and armours indicated the Norsemen's social status. For instance, a wealthy Norse would dispose of an entire set of spears, two javelins, a wooden shield, a maille and a battle axe or a sword (the latter two being weapons of choice).
The wealthiest of the Norsemen would additionally dispose of a helmet. The quality of the arms would exponentially increase according to the Norse hierarchic system, where noblemen and professional warriors would be fit with the best swords, axes, shields or helmets.
Thus, the range of weapons used by the Norsemen comprised spears, javelins, swords, axes, bows (with both poisonous and nonpoisonous arrows), knives as well as a special model of halberd referred to as ‘atgeir‘ in some Icelandic sagas.
Concomitantly, the defensive equipment included helmets (definitely without wings or horns as they were portrayed in various 19th century paintings and ever since rooted in the popular culture), mailles (also lighter body armours such as leather tunics), and shields (both round and kite ones; the kite shields appeared during the end of the Viking Age throughout much of Europe, while the round ones had been previously preferred).
The kite shields were used by the Norsemen during the end of their heyday and are depicted on the Bayeux Tapestry. They were mostly preferred by the mounted warriors, but, at times, were also used by infantrymen as well.
The round shields were mostly made of linden wood (as specified in the sagas), but archaeological findings prove that there were also several other timbers involved in shield construction such as fir, alder or poplar. These round shields were also painted with various Norse mythological scenes according to the skaldic poem ‘Ragnarsdrápa', which is said to have been composed in the honour of the legendary Norse hero and chieftain Ragnar Lodbrok.
The main defensive tactics used by the Norsemen were the Skjaldborg (Shield Wall) and Svinfylking (which could be literally translated as ‘Boar snout').
To these days, the Icelandic sagas remain one of the earliest and most significant sources of documentation on the range of weapons and armours crafted and used by the early medieval Scandinavians. In this respect, the most notable sagas where Viking Age equipment is described are the following ones:
The Eyrbyggja saga
The Laxdæla saga
The Njáls saga
For further reading and research, the index of all Icelandic sagas can be found online here.
Documentation sources and external links:
The gunman behind the largest mass shooting in modern U.S. history shot Mandalay Bay Hotel security guard Jesus Campos before opening fire on 22,000 concertgoers across the Strip, police said Monday afternoon. They still have no motive in the shooting that left 58 dead and nearly 500 wounded.
The encounter with Campos on the hotel's 32nd floor happened at 9:59 PM local time, six minutes before a gunman began firing into the crowd, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo revealed at a Monday afternoon news conference. They reminded surprised journalists they had cautioned them that, in their “zest for” quick facts, some facts could change as the investigation progressed. “What we have learned is Campos was encountered by the suspect prior to shooting to the outside world,” they clarified.
It had been thought the gunman stopped shooting at the crowd when distracted by the security guard, who approached their hotel suite.
Police have a “pretty comprehensive timeline prior to the shooting,” Lombardo said, but they declined to say whether the high-stakes video poker player had been gambling immediately prior to embarking on their killing spree.
Lombardo explained they do not want to disclose their actions up to the shooting “because that is part of the investigation.” At this point. Lombardo added, “We do not know” what caused the shooter to stop firing on the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest festival across the Strip.
The murderer had personal protection equipment in their suite on the 32nd floor of the hotel and was drilling in the room, which caught Campos' attention as they were investigating an alarm related to an open door in another room of the floor, Lombardo told reporters at news conference. It is believed the shooter was drilling to place a camera or a rifle in position in the suite, the sheriff said.
Authorities now think the shooter checked into the suite on September 25, not the 28th as originally believed, though it was unclear if they occupied the room that early.
Authorities have checked out more than 200 instances of the deceased gunman's activities throughout the Vegas area and found “no evidence to show a second shooter,” Lombardo said. Also, there's no evidence of an affiliation with a terrorist group or belief in any radical ideology.
But the shooter had personal protection equipment in the room, their car in the garage contained “binary explosives,” and they shot at fuels tanks at the nearby airport, leading authorities to believe they had hoped to escape the hotel by distracting first-responders and sending them to another location.
Lombardo anticipates that authorities will be probing the hotel suite and the concert venue for another week.
Authorities have begun to return personal effects of the concertgoers at the convention center in town. The FBI, Red Cross, and city and county officials are doing an “amazing job” on that front, Lombardo complimented, calling it “not an easy task to undertake.”
“You really don't understand, until you see rows of personal belongings left behind” by those who fled the scene, the magnitude of the event, Lombardo said poignantly.
When Attorney General Loretta Lynch delivered an impassioned defense of transgender equality at a press conference Monday, one line in particular stood out.
Mara Keisling, founding executive director of the Washington, D.C.-based National Center for Transgender Equality, says they began crying when they heard it, and noticed the same response from other transgender rights activists on social media.
In Lynch's written remarks, the sentence was part of a 129-word paragraph addressed directly to the transgender community:
"[N]o matter how isolated or scared you may feel today, the Department of Justice and the entire Obama Administration wants you to know that we see you; we stand with you; and we will do everything we can to protect you going forward."
That simple statement, says Keisling, was both relieving and healing. (It can be heard at the 6:15 mark in the video below.) "It was such acknowledgement — that was about when all of us started to cry," Keisling says, referring to fellow advocates watching their speech. "All they did was say, 'You're people' and that's been sorely lacking."
Keisling has spent much of their time in North Carolina since March, when the state passed House Bill 2, a law that forbids transgender people from using public bathroom and locker room facilities that correspond to their gender identity.
To trans folks, "We see you. We stand with you & we will do everything in our power to protect you." Tears again. Thanks @LorettaLynch — Laverne Cox (@Lavernecox) May 10, 2016
The National Center for Transgender Equality, along with other transgender rights organizations, appealed to the federal government to intervene and the Department of Justice did. It told North Carolina last week that the bill violated federal civil rights laws that prohibit sex discrimination. Lynch delivered their comments while announcing that the DOJ has filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against the state and its governor Pat McCrory, who is a Republican.
Transgender people in the state, says Keisling, are nervous to use public bathrooms and send their children to school; they feel "terrorized" by the law and McCrory, who has defended the legislation on grounds that it protects non-transgender people's privacy and safety.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch gave a historic speech supporting transgender #equality yesterday. Say thanks w/@HRC: https://t.co/D6tjNPMN4y — HumanRightsCampaign (@HRC) May 10, 2016
That is why, Keisling says, Lynch's remarks prompted such an emotional response: "To see the [attorney general] come out and speak the way they did to humanize us, to say the federal government had our backs, that the president of the United States was watching and cared ... We've never seen anything like that."
Kasey Suffredini, chief program officer for the non-discrimination campaign Freedom for All Americans, described that moment in Lynch's speech as "poignant."
"These are the words we have longed for for decades."
"These are the words we have longed for for decades," says Suffredini.
Lynch's remarks, they add, rejected harmful stereotypes and instead stressed that transgender people deserve respect, pose no danger to their communities and will be protected from discrimination by the federal government.
While the public sees two polarized sides to the debate, Suffredini believes that most Americans remain somewhere in the middle, willing to consider gender identity beyond traditional definitions of what it means to be male or female. Many trans people, they note, have taken considerable risk over the years to share their own stories, and Lynch's public support is a clear sign people are listening to those experiences.
Some, including former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson and Gov. McCrory, criticized Lynch's comments for drawing parallels between the North Carolina bill and segregation laws and policies.
"We see you, stand w you & will do everything we can to protect you..history is on your side." @LorettaLynch https://t.co/Oe3Ly4KhlZ #HB2 — Janet Mock (@janetmock) May 9, 2016
"There is absolutely no relevance between the issue of civil rights for African Americans, which went through a tremendous struggle, and the issue of how do we determine the gender of a person going into our public showers or public restrooms or public locker rooms," McCrory said in an interview on the Mark Levin Show. "For them to pull that card out means their legal argument is pretty weak, but it's offensive to my state and it's offensive to me."
Kris Hayashi, executive director of the Transgender Law Center, says Lynch sent a "powerful and bold message" to the states that the federal government will not allow discrimination against transgender people to stand.
Them speech, Hayashi says, was a historic moment that followed decades of advocacy and activism for transgender rights. They too are moved by the section of their speech addressed to transgender people.
Loretta Lynch is not playing games with #NorthCarolina's Gov.  They are NOT having these laws. — Reagan Gomez (@ReaganGomez) May 9, 2016
"It is incredibly powerful for the [attorney general] to use their platform to acknowledge the toll discrimination takes on our communities, and to take such a clear stance on ending that discrimination," says Hayashi.
Lynch's remarks came as a surprise to advocates who expected the Department of Justice to enforce federal law, but did not imagine she'd speak out with such conviction.
"I never would have thought to give them that script and say, 'Go do this,'" says Keisling. "I never could have hoped that.  They are a decent person and strong leader who understood the moment, rose to it and did an amazing thing."
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
WICHITA, Kan. (KSNW) - The City of Wichita is joining community partners in offering a free healthcare day from 9:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday at Fairmount Park.
The event, dubbed "Via Christi Health's Medical Mission at Home". The event will provide wide-ranging healthcare services including medical care and testing; dental, vision and hearing screening; foot care; connections to follow-up care; and education about other community services and resources.
Via Christi Heath is spearheading the free event, which includes Wichita State University and other health-related nonprofit providers.
Services will be provided on a first-come, first-served basis.
"This is a tremendous event," Mayor Longwell said. "Our collective health has a widespread impact on our community, and I am so thrilled that we have caring individuals and organizations dedicated to providing medical services for those in need."
For information about volunteering and other aspects of the event, please visit www.viachristi.org/medicalmission.
We have reached the logical endpoint of the conservative media's all-out campaign to vilify George Soros: When something in the news makes people mad, run Google searches on the object of the public's anger, plus "George Soros."
Washington Examiner writer Mark Hemingway handled the googling duties for the story about the outcry over full-body scanners at airports. In a blog post headlined "George Soros also profiting off controversial TSA scanners," Hemingway purported to show that Soros owns stock in OSI Systems, the parent company of Rapiscan, which makes the scanners.
Glenn Beck couldn't resist this. Today on their radio show, Beck warned their listeners that "there's something wrong with the scanner story." They went on: "First of all, George Soros has 11,000 shares in the scanner company. What a surprise. But there's something deeply wrong with the scanner story and what's happening at our airports. You're being set up."
Fox Nation loved it, too, linking to Hemingway's post with the headline "Soros Profiting Off Naked Airport Screeners":
Hemingway's "bad thing + Soros" search revealed shocking information -- some website you've probably never heard of says that Soros owns stock in OSI Systems. Hemingway wrote:
As for the company's other political connections, it also appears that none other than George Soros, the billionaire funder of the country's liberal political infrastructure, owns 11,300 shares of OSI Systems Inc., the company that owns Rapiscan. Not surprisingly, OSI's stock has appreciated considerably over the course of the year. Soros certainly is a savvy investor.
The link there points to GuruFocus.com, an investment information site owned by a limited liability company of the same name in Plano, Texas. Here's the smoking gun:
Assuming that GuruFocus is correct, Soros owns 11,300 shares of OSI Systems.
And according to that same site, Soros' holdings amount to a whopping 0.06 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Yes, six one-hundredths of one percent.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A politician has defended a bill which could require teenagers to have their genitals ‘checked' to ensure they correspond to the bathroom they are using.
The bill, put forward by Representative Mark Cole in the state of Virginia, would also fine transgender students $50, if they use the ‘wrong' bathroom, locker room or shower.
House Bill 663, would also require school boards and staff to put in place practices to ensure all gendered facilities were only used by one specific gender.
It specificies: “To solely be used by individuals whose anatomical sex matches such gender designation.”
Going on, the bill defines the term ‘anatomical sex' as: “The physical condition of being male or female, which is determined by a person's anatomy.”
Many were quick to point out, given the bill's vague definitions, that this could easily be interpreted as meaning school staff would have to examine the genitals of everyone using every facility, to ensure that the stipulations of the bill are met.
Cole denied that genital checks would be necessary, defending the bill, they said: “It is common sense legislation designed to protect the privacy of children and adults, and was requested by a group of parents in my district who are concerned about a male student who wanted to use the girls facilities.
“Contrary to what has been said about the legislation, it does NOT require genital checks. That is a lie started by those who want to make all facilities, including school restrooms, dressing rooms, and showers, ‘gender neutral.' The legislation would be enforced on a complaint basis. If needed, gender could be verified by looking up student registration information or a birth certificate.”
Another politician in the US last year proposed that trans teenagers have their genitals ‘examined' before sporting events.
Roger Hunt, a Republican legislator in the US state of South Dakota, proposed the legislation.
It would require a visual inspection of transgender athletes' genitals before competing, as well as a check of the athlete's “original birth certificate”.
President Donald Trump's proposed budget would eliminate funding for dozens of agencies, including the Appalachian Regional Commission and the Delta Regional Authority. (Photo: Illustration by Bill Campling)
WASHINGTON — Exit 417 off Interstate 40 is not just another speck on the map for tiny Dandridge, Tenn., population 2,800.
The interchange is an economic engine: a place where travelers pull off the highway to gas up, grab a quick bite to eat or maybe even crash for the night at one of the nearby hotels.
Next spring, the East Tennessee city is hoping to embark on a $1.8 million project to make water more readily available to the interchange, allowing for more commercial and industrial development and ultimately sending more tax dollars into the city treasury.
But part of the city's strategy for the funding the project is in doubt. Just a few weeks after the city applied for a $750,000 grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission, President Trump proposed eliminating all funding for the agency — a move that, if approved by Congress, would stop the flow of federal dollars for such projects into communities in 13 states.
Asked whether the interchange project would happen without the federal money, Dandridge town administrator Melissa Peagler replied, “Not anytime soon."
“It would delay the project at the very least,” they said.
The Appalachian Regional Commission is far from the only federal agency Trump is targeting. The proposed budget they submitted to Congress two weeks ago would eliminate funding for 62 agencies or programs, many of which provide assistance to people in the small, rural and often poor communities that helped send Trump to the White House.
Trump's proposal is just the starting point in the upcoming budget discussions. Congress could ditch their budget and write its own, so many of the cuts he's proposing are unlikely to survive intact.
Trump's spending plan already has drawn fire from congressional Democrats and some Republicans for the deep cuts they are proposing. Rep. Hal Rogers, a Republican who represents the impoverished coal-mining region of southeastern Kentucky, dismissed it as “draconian, careless and counterproductive.” Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., declared it dead on arrival.
One of the other agencies Trump wants to disband is the Delta Regional Authority, an economic development agency for eight states in the Mississippi Delta region. Since its creation in 2000, the Clarksdale, Mississippi-based agency estimates it has invested $163 million in projects or programs that have attracted $3.3 billion in public and private investments into the region it serves, which includes Shelby County and 20 other counties in West Tennessee.
The Delta Regional Authority provided $3 million to widen a road leading to the industrial park where Eletrolux Home Products was building a plant in Shelby County. (Photo: Stan Carroll / The Commercial Appeal)
In Tennessee alone, where Trump carried 92 of the state's 95 counties, the authority says it has made $20.4 million in direct investments into dozens of projects. When the money is combined with other public dollars and private funding, the agency's investment in the state has leveraged more than $590 million, said Chris Masingill, the agency's co-chairperson.
Back in 2012, when Shelby County needed money to widen a road leading to the industrial park where the kitchen-appliance manufacturer Eletrolux Home Products was building a 700,000-square-foot plant, the Delta Regional Authority stepped in at the last minute and provided $3 million.
“It was the 11th hour, a lot of money had been invested, and we were running the risk of losing” the Electrolux project, Shelby County Mayor Mark Luttrell said.
Mark Luttrell (Photo: Nikki Boertman / The Commercial Appeal file)
“When we were really kind of pulling our hair about how to get this last piece of it done, Chris Masingill and the Delta Regional Authority stepped up and said, ‘Let's see if we can do it,'” Luttrell said.
Other projects the authority has funded include a marketing and feasibility study along what will become the I-269 corridor; an expansion of the Metro Memphis Export Alliance to boost exports and manufacturing jobs; and Food Linc to boost demand for Memphis-area farm produce.
Right now, the authority is operating under a $32 million budget allocation from the federal government. Losing that funding would take away the agency's ability to make investments in the communities it serves and mean it would eventually close its doors, Masingill said.
The Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC), a 52-year-old agency created as part of President Lyndon Johnson's War on Poverty, also is in jeopardy. The agency funds projects and programs to encourage economic growth in 420 counties in 13 states and currently operates on a $146 million budget — all of which is approved by Congress.
Read more:
The 62 agencies and programs Trump wants to eliminate
Republican budget experts say Trump budget dropped populism
Trump's first budget slashes education, health spending to make way for military buildup
Between October 2015 and last January, the agency estimates it has pumped $175.7 million into 662 projects and programs in Appalachia. That funding has been matched by more than $257.4 million and will attract an additional $443.3 million in private investments, the agency says. The funding typically goes to “distressed” communities with low per-capita incomes and high unemployment.
In the past two years alone, the ARC has provided nearly $19 million for dozens of projects in Tennessee, where it serves 52 counties mostly in the eastern and middle parts of state.
Eliminating those programs is short-sighted and would “punish the poorest Tennesseans, many of whom just voted for President Trump hoping they would bring jobs back, not end programs that create jobs and provide crucial funding for infrastructure projects,” said Chris Hayden, spokesperson for the Center for American Progress Action Fund, a left-leaning think tank based in Washington.
The largest ARC grant that went to Tennessee in the past couple of years was $1.9 million to help with the planning and design for a general aviation airport in Oak Ridge, which officials say would serve the area's business and technology markets and provide relief for Knoxville's McGhee Tyson Airport.
But many other grants have been much smaller and have gone to rural areas to help pay for much-needed infrastructure projects, such as extending sewage or utility lines or building water treatment plants.
For those communities, the federal funding is often the only way those projects can be done, said Terry Bobrowski, executive director of the East Tennessee Development District.
“ARC is kind of last-dollar funding for a lot of these projects,” Bobrowski said. “They are typically projects that are not self-funding. But they are still critical projects to the local governments.”
In East Tennessee, “we're a little perplexed that an infrastructure program was zeroed out” of Trump's budget, Bobrowski said.
“It's a very important program for the local governments in the counties that are in the ARC area, and it has been for the past 52 years," they said. "It has made a big difference here."
Impacted agencies
The Appalachian Regional Commission provides funding for projects and programs to encourage economic growth in communities in 13 states, including 52 counties in the eastern and middle parts of Tennessee. The funding is often used by local communities to help pay for much-needed infrastructure projects, such as water line and sewer expansions.
The Delta Regional Authority works to improve economic opportunities for communities in eight states in the Mississippi Delta region, including 21 counties in West Tennessee. It works with local, state and regional partners to support projects such as business incubators, job training and workforce development programs, and infrastructure and industrial development to attract new business investments.
Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2nIHxM6
Pair well with: a warm (green?) tea to watch your splendid firework display on a cold night.
Traitor rating: n/a (co-op game)
Hanabi is a test.
It's also a co-operative game, and a pretty neat one. You have a hand of cards but, excitingly, you hold them facing backwards so that only your companions can see what you have. You, for your part, can see theirs but not your own.
The game itself is a test of memory and testing the bounds of limited information. Your goal is to use these skills to create the best fireworks display that humankind has ever seen! Failure can come in the forms of either a really shit victory (what, you wanted more than two small fizzley fireworks?) or a complete loss which comes in the form of all of the fireworks exploding. This presumably results in death, destruction and – even more significantly – shame.
You want to have a victory, obviously, but it's really about a good victory. A spectacular victory! There's a scoring system based on just how well you managed to firework, and you want to do well at it.
The cards are a range of colours numbered 1-5. Effectively, what you want to do is put down sets of the same colour, starting with 1 and ending at 5. Simple. Except, you know, that bit where you don't know what cards you have. Your turns are a battle between putting down your own cards if you think you've figured out what they are (or even sometimes if you haven't! You maverick!) and giving very limited bits of information to one of your team-mates.
What was that we were saying earlier about how Hanabi was a test?
It's a test in being able to follow the damned rules and not accidentally give away all of the information. Similar to Codenames, in a way. In Codenames the spymaster needs to constantly fight the urge to stare obviously at the correct clues, look shocked when the spies talk about something really obviously wrong (cough cough JUNGLE JAM) and to say “that's right!” when someone gets their clue.
In Hanabi the urge to cheat is somehow even harder to control, because you're all working on the same team. Perhaps today we're giving you both a review of a cardgame, and a review of our own skills as not-cheaters. (the conclusion of the latter review is going to be something like “points for effort”*).
One thing you need to try pretty hard to resist is to fish for information you've already been given. Because, you know, it's kind of a memory game, amongst other things. That means you should probably be using your memory!
“Oh damn… did I already know that these two were green?”
“We can't say!”
“Ok, but if I put in a request via the Freedom of Information Act?”
“Yes, those were green.”
“Scandal!!”
There are sneaky tricks to organising your cards. You can, for example, optimistically try to rearrange your cards without looking at them, perhaps by putting all of the 1s on the left. Which is fine, until you completely forget whether you've done that, and where you put the new card you drew, and what bloody number you were even trying to remember in the first place.
Is it maybe bending the rules a little to completely turn your 5 cards to a 90-degree angle? We'll let your own consciences be the judge of that. Our friend Rich's conscience certainly had nothing to say on the matter.
Picture the scene of a tense game of Hanabi (whether or not you've played before): Each player with five firework cards in their hand, all facing away. Each trying really, really hard to psychically send messages to their teammates about which card is super-important to play to get the next firework completed. If you're not passing on information this turn then you can choose to either discard a card or play one into your firework collection. Of course if you play it and it won't fit, perhaps if you're trying to play a white 1 but you've already got a white 1 and 2 down in front of you, then a mysterious bomb somewhere gets a little bit closer to exploding.
But if you discard a card, there's a chance that it might've been really important. There are only two of most of the cards in the game, and only one each of the 5s, so if you accidentally discard two green 3s over the course of a game, for example, then you know you'll never be able to complete the green part of the fireworks display.
This can lead to some very sharp intakes of breath as you see someone's hand hover over a card to discard that you all really need. Again, bad work with the ‘accidental' cheating, team.
Still, we'd love to be able to say that was close to the worst example of cheating in some of our games (we could, but it would be lying. Which is just another form of cheating).
“Right, it's my turn. So, JUST AS A RULES CLARIFICATION, you guys… we can now feel free to discard any of the 1s we have for the colours we've already got 1s for, right? We don't need any of those any more? For the colours WE'VE COMPLETED?”
“Um… yep?”
“Ok. COMPLETELY UNRELATEDLY, I'm going to spend my turn giving information. Lizzy, these cards are all 1s.”
This kind of thing sends Lizzy, who despite all their anti-establishment tendencies is a stringent rule-follower, into twitching apoplexy.**
The game is a great challenge because of the really limited information that you have at your disposal. If you use your turn to give someone information, then you can only tell them one single thing about their cards: either you can point at all of the cards which have a certain number, or all of the cards which have a certain colour. But you have to tell them ALL of the cards of that type. So if you really want to give someone some information about, say, a useful yellow firework card that they have (perhaps that Yellow 2 that you so desperately need) then you can't sneakily just tell them that that particular card is yellow, you also have to tell them any other yellow cards they might have which may well be useless as heck to you right now.
This can occasionally lead to a person accidentally trying to inform someone of a super useful card before realising that they have a second one of that type.
“This is a … oh shit, no, nevermind.”
Definitely not cheating.
To make matters worse, the amount of times you're allowed to give out information is limited by a bunch of clock-faced tokens. When you run out of those tokens then you have to either gamble and play a card, or discard a card to regain a token. As if the pressure of running out of cards and ending the game isn't bearing down upon you enough already.
It's a good game, and it can get surprisingly interesting in terms of strategy. And it's really… fun. Not just in the way that working out a complex strategy can be really fun (let's face it, we all know we're in this hobby because we're nerdy about that kind of thing) but also in a more general fun way. There's laughter, there's miscommunication, there's failing miserably. All great qualities for a game to have. It's a game for both dedicated games nights and for casual games down the pub, since it has the highly sought-after quality of using up not very much table space.
And there is just SO MUCH trying not to cheat.
“What? I wasn't trying to give extra information, I was just making a general comment about how some of these games tend to pan out, that's all…”
“Really, Rich…”
The real winner this week is board games. But also, a slightly guilty-looking team with some questionable cheating ethics.
* Except for Bob. Bob doesn't even get points for effort. She's even dodgy with Carcassonne.
** Them Codenames competitors sometimes refer to them as ‘The Fun Police'
Oklahoma State and the University of Mississippi will make their way to the Big Easy for the 82 annual Allstate Sugar Bowl on New Year's Day. The Cowboys, from the Big 12 Conference, and Ole Miss, from the Southeastern Conference, are set to face off at 7:30 p.m. Jan. 1 in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.“We're very excited about the opportunity to host these great representatives of the Big 12 and the SEC,” said T. Carey Wicker, III, president of the Sugar Bowl Committee. “Both teams have had outstanding seasons and bring exciting styles of play to New Orleans."The Sugar Bowl gets the highest ranked teams from the SEC and Big XII conferences that are not in the NCAA football final four.College Football Playoff: Clemson vs. Oklahoma, Alabama vs. Michigan StateThe University of Alabama and the University of Oklahoma are in the final four. Ole Miss and Oklahoma State are the highest ranked teams in their respective conferences behind the Crimson Tide and the Sooners.Oklahoma State has not been to the Sugar Bowl since 1946. The last time Ole Miss was played in the Sugar Bowl was in 1970 when Archie Manning was a junior in college in Oxford, Mississippi.This year's Sugar Bowl marks the third meeting between Oklahoma State and Ole Miss. The two teams previously met at the Cotton Bowl after the 2003 season and after the 2009 campaign.Officials said tickets to the game are available on Ticketmaster. More information about the Sugar Bowl can be found online.
Oklahoma State and the University of Mississippi will make their way to the Big Easy for the 82 annual Allstate Sugar Bowl on New Year's Day.
The Cowboys, from the Big 12 Conference, and Ole Miss, from the Southeastern Conference, are set to face off at 7:30 p.m. Jan. 1 in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
“We're very excited about the opportunity to host these great representatives of the Big 12 and the SEC,” said T. Carey Wicker, III, president of the Sugar Bowl Committee. “Both teams have had outstanding seasons and bring exciting styles of play to New Orleans."
The Sugar Bowl gets the highest ranked teams from the SEC and Big XII conferences that are not in the NCAA football final four.
College Football Playoff: Clemson vs. Oklahoma, Alabama vs. Michigan State
The University of Alabama and the University of Oklahoma are in the final four. Ole Miss and Oklahoma State are the highest ranked teams in their respective conferences behind the Crimson Tide and the Sooners.
Oklahoma State has not been to the Sugar Bowl since 1946. The last time Ole Miss was played in the Sugar Bowl was in 1970 when Archie Manning was a junior in college in Oxford, Mississippi.
This year's Sugar Bowl marks the third meeting between Oklahoma State and Ole Miss. The two teams previously met at the Cotton Bowl after the 2003 season and after the 2009 campaign.
Officials said tickets to the game are available on Ticketmaster. More information about the Sugar Bowl can be found online.
AlertMe
Konkurrence
26. maj 2015
Konkurrence om de bedste ideer til den fremtidige udvikling af Rejseplanen
1. Beskrivelse af opgaven
Rejseplanen afholder henover sommeren 2015 en konkurrence om de bedste ideer til den fremtidige udvikling af Rejseplanen. Spørgsmålet er, hvordan kan Rejseplanen blive endnu bedre?
Opgaven er overordnet at komme med bud på videreudvikling af Rejseplanen.
Sidder du og brænder inde med en genial idé til, hvordan Rejseplanen kan blive endnu bedre, og ramme flest mulige brugere, på den mest tjekkede måde, så er det nu, idéerne skal på bordet.
Rejseplanen kan allerede mange ting, og vi kan også sagtens forestille os, at den kunne endnu mere og har mange udviklingsprojekter i støbeskeen. Men vi mangler måske din ide? Rejseplanen findes allerede mange steder – men måske kan du komme i tanke om flere steder, den skal være?
Vi er nået langt med at gøre Rejseplanen til den kilde, som fortæller kunderne i trafikken om ændringer i den kollektive transport. Vi vil gerne være endnu bedre til at
skabe overblik over rejsen, når trafikken kører efter planen,
og ro, tryghed og nødvendig rådgivning, når trafikken ikke kører efter planen.
Har du et bud på den fremtidige Rejseplan, så skal du være med i vores konkurrence!
Rejseplanen er danskernes foretrukne kilde til information om rejser med kollektiv transport. Rejseplanen leverer hver måned mere end 20 mio. rejseforslag til danskerne. Rejseplanen findes på iPhone, web, Android, iPad, Windows Phone, som stemmegenkendelse, som links fra andre hjemmesider og mange andre steder. Rejseplanen A/S er ejet af de regionale trafikselskaber, DSB, Movia samt Metroselskabet.
2. Deltagere
Konkurrencen, der er åben for alle interesserede og afholdes af:
Rejseplanen A/S
Gammel Køge Landevej 3
2500 Valby
www.rejseplanen.dk
Udelukket er dog:
Alle personer eller virksomheder, som har været med til at tilrettelægge konkurrencen, eller har ydet væsentlige bidrag til formulering af konkurrenceopgaven. Repræsentanter for konkurrenceudskriveren Rejseplanen A/S eller ansatte hos denne.
Ansatte hos, kompagnoner til, eller arbejdsgivere for noget medlem af dommerpanelet eller dennes rådgivere.
3. Form og omfang
Indsendelse og upload af konkurrencemateriale foregår via mail: mail@rejseplanen.dk Der kan indsendes max 10 filer (.jpg, .doc eller .pdf). Der kan desuden indsendes Android applikationer, iPhone applikationer, links til løsninger m.m. Besvarelsen skal være i form af en beskrivelse (max. 5 sider) evt. suppleret med flowdiagram, udkast til skærmbilleder og/eller anden form for dokumentation. Eventuel fremsendt softwarekode vil ikke blive evalueret. Besvarelsen skal være på dansk eller engelsk. Hvis der anvendes eksterne datakilder udover Rejseplanens API skal der redegøres for pålideligheden af disse data (se bedømmelse og præmier punkt 4).
Materialet skal kunne kopieres til dommerpanelets medlemmer, uden at indsenderens identitet fremgår af kopierne.
Hvis en besvarelse er anvendt som opgave hos en uddannelsesinstitution eller har ind-gået i en anden sammenhæng, inkl. har været udbudt kommercielt, skal dette angives ved besvarelsen.
Rejseplanen stiller et åbent API til rådighed, som interesserede kan udvikle op imod. Læs mere på labs.rejseplanen.dk/API. Them finder du også anden relevant information om Rejseplanen og dens samarbejdspartnere.
4. Aflevering
Fristen for deltagelse i konkurrencen er: 7. August 2015, kl. 14.00.
Konkurrencemateriale, som ikke modtages rettidigt, vil ikke blive taget i betragtning.
Send besvarelsen til mail@rejseplanen.dk.
Bemærk, at der ikke besvares spørgsmål via denne adresse.
5. Anvendelse af indsendt materiale
Rejseplanen A/S forbeholder sig ret til at beholde alt indsendt materiale og til at anvende elementer af de indsendte forslag, medmindre de eksplicit er ophavsretligt beskyttede. Deltagerne i konkurrencen har alle rettigheder til det indsendte materiale – uafhængigt af eventuel præmiering – indtil der er indgået en separat aftale om eventuel overdragelse af produktions- eller anden udnyttelsesret af det indsendte bidrag.
Rejseplanen forpligter sig ikke til efterfølgende at implementere de indsendte forslag, herunder heller ikke de præmierede forslag.
Rejseplanen afholder et strategiseminar i efteråret, hvor relevante konkurrenceforslag eller elementer herfra eventuelt vil blive anvendt som input.
6. Bedømmelse og præmier
Bedømmelse
De indkomne konkurrenceforslag vurderes alle samlet efter følgende parametre:
1. Innovation: Hvor nyskabende er idéen / konceptet / produktet? Altså i hvilken grad vises og anvendes data på nye måder?
Hele tanken med konkurrencen er at få nye og friske idéer på bordet til, hvordan Rejseplanen kan give den bedst mulige service til slutbrugeren. Derfor er det vigtigt at dit / jeres forslag er nyskabende og innovativt. Vi vurderer hvert enkelt bud i forhold til hvor innovativt det er sammenlignet med nuværende løsninger, nuværende teknologi etc. Innovation kan sagtens være at sammensætte nuværende services på nye måder eller det at bruge kendt og brugt teknologi på en ny måde.
2. Brugervenlighed: Hvor nemt er det at forstå og bruge idéen / konceptet / produktet for Rejseplanens brugere, og i hvor høj grad medvirker design / layout til at gøre løsningen brugervenlig?
Det er generelt en afgørende faktor for udviklingen af Rejseplanens services, at disse er brugervenlige. Nye funktioner, applikationer, brugerflader m.v. skal kunne forstås intuitivt, og anvendes af en stor brugergruppe. Rejseplanens services bliver brugt både i situationer med god tid til at danne sig et overblik, og i situationer hvor man er under pres, altså skal kunne danne sig et hurtigt overblik over den alternative rejse.
3. Potentielle brugere: Hvor bred en appel har idéen / konceptet / produktet?
I hvilken grad rammer forslaget flest mulige potentielle brugere Rejseplanens produkter er landsdækkkende og kan bruges af alle. Der vil i vurderingen af forslag, blive lagt vægt på, at den er målrettet potentielle brugere – enten de fleste, en helt særlig målgruppe eller de helt nye, som endnu ikke har set lyset i kollektiv transport.
4. Realiserbarhed: Hvor nemt er det at implementere idéen / konceptet / produktet?
Rejseplanen anvender i dag realtid om trafikken, men kan kombineres med helt andre datakilder. Konkurrencen er til for at generere nye idéer til udvikling i Rejseplanen, og derfor er det også vigtigt, at de konkrete idéer er mulige at realisere / implementere. Vurderingen vil derfor blive foretaget ift. realiserbarheden, herunder også en vurdering af hvor robuste eller pålidelige de anvendte eksterne data er. Der skal derfor redegøres for graden robusthed / pålidelighed i skrift ved aflevering af materialet.
5. Rådgivende effekt: Hvor god er idéen / konceptet / produktet til at hjælpe på vej.
Konkurrencen er bl.a. til for at udnytte, at Rejseplanen i dag har 100 % opdaterede køreplansdata, og ændringsinformation om en stor del af tog og bussers bevægelser. Det betyder, at mulighederne for at guide brugeren fra A-B, evt. med nogle ærinder på vejen, er større nu. Der bliver lagt vægt på idéernes evne til at guide / hjælpe på vej, f.eks. nye måder at nå hurtigere frem på end først planlagt, eller alternativer til en planlagt rejse, som bliver forsinket eller aflyses.
Ideerne kunne f.eks. være en videreudvikling indenfor – men skal ikke være begrænset til - områderne; navigation, mobilitet eller tilgængelighed for handicappede og bevægelseshæmmede personer, måske vinklet ift. bestemte brugergrupper, f.eks. ældre, turister, børn, pendlere osv.
Såfremt ingen af de indkomne forslag lever op til forventningerne om kvalificerede bud, forbeholder Rejseplanen sig retten til at annullere konkurrencen.
Dommerpanel
Dommerpanelet består af:
Christina Hvid, Direktør for Rejseplanen
Jesper Hansen, Direktør for Banedanmark
Susanne Mørch Koch, Direktør for DSB Kommerciel
Christiane Vejlø, foredragsholder, radiovært på Radio 24/7 og ekspert i digitale trends
Tim Frank Andersen, bestyrelsesformand i In2Media og digital iværksætter
Procedure for bedømmelse
Efter fristens udløb vil dommerpanelet træffe afgørelse om de tre vinderopgaver efter ovenstående bedømmelsesparametre. Alt efter antallet af deltagere, vil forslagene have været igennem en udvælgelsesrunde, således at dommerpanelet kun ser de bedst udvalgte forslag.
Dommerpanelet vælger suverænt mellem de konkrete forslag.
Dommerpanelet foretager sin vurdering af opgaverne i anonymiseret stand, dvs. navnene på deltagerne holdes anonymt for dommerpanelets medlemmer under evalueringen. Dommerpanelets evaluering betragtes som bindende, dvs. Rejseplanen vil ikke efterfølgende foretage ændringer i dommerpanelets bedømmelse.
Vinderne får direkte besked, og offentliggøres på Rejseplanens hjemmeside senest d. 22. september 2015.
Rejseplanen A/S forbeholder sig ret til at udskyde og/eller at annullere konkurrencen ved mangel på kvalificerede forslag.
Præmier
De 3 bedste forslag modtager en præmie på henholdsvis:
1. kr. 150.000
2. kr. 75.000
3. kr. 50.000
7. Spørgsmål til konkurrencen og data
Der kan i konkurrenceperioden stilles afklarende spørgsmål om Rejseplanen og konkurrencen via facebook gruppen ”Rejseplanen konkurrence 2015”. Det er en lukket gruppe, så du skal anmode om optagelse. Spørgsmål kan stilles indtil d. 1. August 2015. Henvendelser bliver behandlet hurtigst muligt.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 17, 2016, 10:13 AM GMT / Updated May 17, 2016, 2:40 PM GMT By Andy Eckardt
BERLIN — Teenagers are being turned into "weapons" by ISIS, triggering fears that they could slip back to the West to launch attacks.
The head of the Germany's domestic intelligence service said authorities there had identified children aged as young as 13 who have left for ISIS territory or who are "prepared to stage attacks" in the country.
Some have been brought to Iraq and Syria by their parents where they have been brainwashed while others are being radicalized online, Hans-Georg Maassen told NBC News.
“When you know how ISIS treats children ... then you have to assume that you are dealing with people who are willing to unconditionally torture and kill for ISIS,” said Maassen, who is in charge of Germany's Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV).
In February, a 15-year-old Muslim girl was arrested for attacking a German police officer with a knife at Hanover train station. They had been indoctrinated by ISIS' online propaganda.
However, security officials in Germany are limited in their actions against minors. The legal system prohibits surveillance of people aged under 16 and children are held "non-accountable" until the age of 14.
Child soldiers in the early stages of training with ISIS. Flashpoint Partners
Maassen called for an expansion of powers and resources for intelligence services in Germany. Some of the measures proposed by officials include tighter surveillance of convicted Islamists and the introduction of electronic tagging.
“The attacks in Paris and Brussels were somewhat of a wake-up call,” Maassen said.
“Europe cannot think like it did in the 1980s and 90s" about counter-terrorism measures as the militants' tactics have evolved, the domestic intelligence chief added.
They believe that allowing broader surveillance measures could potentially help to prevent future attacks.
Stephan Kramer, from the local intelligence service in Thuringia told Mitteldeutsche Zeitung, also called for an adjustment to anti-terror laws because “minors are not only radicalized, they are also used as weapons."
They added: “We have a massive problem."
In addition to the potential threat of child militants, Maassen's agency has identified more than 8,600 radicalized Muslims and more than 450 violent extremists within Germany's borders.
Out of some 810 German jihadis estimated to have joined ISIS ranks in Syria and Iraq, about 260 trained militants have apparently returned to Germany and "pose a security challenge," Maassen told NBC News. They would not comment on how many children were thought to be radicalized, but BfV later confirmed about 40 minors, half of them females, had travelled to the conflict-torn nations.
Rob Bertholee, the head of Dutch intelligence, told a conference in Berlin earlier this month that their agency had identified a total of 70 minors from the Netherlands who had traveled to Syria and Iraq. They added that children aged as young as 9 were being recruited by ISIS for combat training.
German intelligence chief Hans-Georg Maassen and their Dutch counterpart Rob Bertholee at a security conference in Berlin earlier this month. Andy Eckardt / NBC News
Elmar Thevessen, a terrorism expert with NBC's German partner ZDF, said that German authorities were "fighting an uphill battle" with "self-imposed moral restrictions" tying their hands.
They added: "The legal restraints imposed by the Constitutional Court make surveillance of suspects more difficult."
German officials have repeatedly stressed that the threat of an attack in Germany or elsewhere in Europe remains “very high."
Related: ISIS Is Training Children to Be Terrorists
Maassen said that their agency receives up to four tip-offs a day about terrorist plots.
According to Germany's Federal Criminal Police (BKA), a total of 40 investigations are currently examining the background of migrants and refugees who are suspected of possible membership in terrorist organizations. Last year, Germany took in more than one million migrants, the largest influx since the end of World War II.
“I'm not telling a secret if I say that I'm worried about the high number of migrants whose identity we don't know for sure because they entered without valid passports,” Maassen told the Berlin conference earlier this month.
Concerns among security officials grew after it was determined that at least two of the Paris attackers arrived in Europe disguised as migrants.
In order to tackle these new challenges, Maassen has repeatedly called for closer cooperation and enhanced exchange of information among security services at the international level.
In particular, intelligence provided by U.S. agencies has become vital for the European services and has helped to foil attacks in Germany.
“Americans and the Europeans know that they depend on each other,” Maassen told NBC News.
But recent revelations that the NSA spied on German officials, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, and two alleged cases in which German government workers spied for the CIA “considerably damaged trust,” they added.
The Oakland Raiders found early success in the 2015 NFL draft with Alabama standout Amari Cooper and dual-threat tight end Clive Walford, but they continued to beef up their roster after the final round. Oakland has added 18 Undrafted Free Agents this offseason.
Although expectations for an UDFA aren't high, the Silver and Black have been able to find recent success with some Undrafted Free Agents currently on the roster.
Rod Streater, an Undrafted Free Agent out of Temple University, has registered 108 receptions for 1,566 yards and eight touchdowns in 35 games with Oakland, as they are entering their fourth season in the NFL.
The Raiders' leading receiver in yards in 2014, Andre Holmes, also entered the league as an Undrafted Free Agent out of Hillsdale College. Holmes brought in 47 receptions for 693 yards and four touchdowns.
Raiders starters Marcel Reece and Marquette King have also managed to produce at a high level in the NFL after entering the league as Undrafted Free Agents.
Here are Oakland's top five UDFA's looking to make an impact in 2015.
ExWHUEmployee Exclusive Column Author: ExWHUEmployee . Published: 6 July 2016 at 10:00pm
Here is our daily feature. Before I start I am pleased to announce that myself and SDCC have a very exciting weekly joint collaboration about to launch in two weeks. I really am buzzing about it and I hope it is a new feature that you will all enjoy. More information will come in the next few days. So over to the transfers.
Carlos Tevez to West Ham – I decided to reveal through tweets (back to the old school) two days ago that we had offered a “substantial” deal to bring Tevez back to the club. It was out of the blue but I was responding to a question that was asked to me. With a lot of the more “sensational” stories comes the “rubbish” comments, probably at least twenty that day! Earlier today Jack Sullivan confirmed this to be true and now it has been turned into an “exclusive” by a number of journalists. The facts of the “exclusive” articles are correct though. We offered Tevez £150,000 a week to return to the club as they were seen as the perfect marquee signing to take us into the new stadium. Tevez turned down the deal saying they were happy at their hometown club of Boca and would only consider a move here for £250,000 a week, a figure which would totally smash our wage structure so we swiftly turned the deal down and the rest is history. This offer was not made in the last few weeks though as these articles would suggest. We started to speak to Tevez in January and then again before this window back in May to see if we could persuade him. Tevez Offer
Tore on their way – It is looking extremely likely that the Turkish winger Tore will join the club tomorrow. They have been at the Spire Roding Hospital today for a medical and will complete the second part of this and their personal terms tomorrow. The deal is initially expected to be a season long loan costing between £4m – £6m in fees. This fee will then be deducted from the £13m that is to agree purchase fee at the end of the loan spell. The Turkish club needs to sell because they are close to reaching the Financial Fair Play limit and so were determined to secure a large payment before negotiating. They had expected Tore to join West Ham in January this year and so their departure has been long overdue.
Bacca also close: Whilst the deal for Bacca is nowhere near as close as Tore, it appears there has been progress. Milan seems to have accepted the fact that they will leave the club now and we appear to be able to match their demands. We also intend to offer them a very decent salary which would help to put us above a number of Spanish clubs in their priority list.  They are one of our top targets and we believe we can get them for around £22m. We would then spend further money on at least another forward. The forward could be Gomez as their initial fee would be a lot less than some of the other targets.
Payet to Inter Milan for £38m. This isn't going to happen. Payet would not be interested in moving there and we would want more money than that.
Obiang to stay at the club: As we reported in an earlier article on the site it looks likely that Obiang is now prepared to fight for their place at the club. They have been told that they will play in Europe and be given the chance to cement their place as a first team regular. It is believed that they have offers from Italy and Spain on the table but they want to at least try for a place at the club before they consider a move. Their future may have been made a lot clearer by the fact that the club are losing faith with Besiktas and aren't sure that we would ever reach a deal with them. Personally I am pleased with this as I think Obiang was very good last year and is underrated.
Robert Green to Leeds: Former favourite Robert Green has joined Leeds United. There was some talk that we may offer them a deal should Randolph be sold but this is obviously no longer an option.
Cullen to leave on loan: Having reported that Alex Pike is likely to join Charlton on loan yesterday, we are hearing today that Josh Cullen may earn themselves a loan move either to a Championship club or back to Bradford. Bilic is said to be a fan of Cullen and believes that they will make it in the game.
Brady to West Ham: It seems a very odd move and one that I don't think can be happening. The player can play left back and on the wing but these are two positions where we don't really need any players. Yes we could do with left back cover for Cresswell but I very much doubt this will come in the form of Brady, despite what the bookies say.
Valencia to leave: The club are starting to receive some offers for Valencia, notably from Italy. These are mainly loan offers, whereas we want around £10m for him. Bilic was impressed with them at the Copa America and had considered giving them a second chance, but if the right offer comes in I am sure they will go.
I have also been told that there has been some movement on a “surprise” target. This target has not been reported before and the club are determined to keep it quiet for the time being.
It has been published on the official site but some people are still asking me; the home shirt will be launched on Saturday 16th July at the stadium with a number of other promotions.
Three years ago, it was announced that Django Lives!, a sequel to 1966's Django, was in the works. Originally, Joe D'Augustine (One Night with You) was attached as director, but now duties have shifted to filmmaker Christian Alvart (Pandorum), off a screenplay by John Sayles (Battle Beyond the Stars).
Fortunately, Franco Nero (The 5th Cord, Enter the Ninja, Die Hard 2), the star of the original, is still returning as the titular character.
According to SA, Alvart's Django Lives! will catch up with Django (Nero) in California in 1914, where they will encounter white supremacists.
The original Django made Nero an international star and spawned over 30 unofficial – or by name only – sequels; the only official sequel was 1987's Django Strikes Again, which finally saw the return of Nero's take on the character.
In 2007 and 2012, Takashi Miike (Ley Lines) and Quentin Tarantino (Kill Bill Vol. 1) made Sukiyaki Western Django and Django Unchained, respectively. Both films were unconventional tributes to the original. The latter even featured a cameo by Nero (but not as Django).
Django Lives! is expected to shoot soon in in Spain and Berlin, Germany. Keep it here for updates.
My first encounter with Metal Arms: Glitch in the System came via a banner ad on IGN. Being an impulsive chap who will often be drawn to things simply because they look cool, I was immediately intrigued by the game, which pitted a cute yellow robot against other, less cute robots in battles of such extreme carnage that the game would have been banned had the participants not been made of metal.
I was sold on the concept from the start, and as luck would have it, my instincts were justified, as Metal Arms turned out to be a rather fantastic little game. Witty, brutal and damn challenging, Metal Arms was and is one of my favorite third-person shooters of all time.
There's a decent chance that you actually don't know what I'm talking about, and that's understandable. Metal Arms, unfortunately, was not a major success. The game released with very little fanfare, sold poorly, and was never seen again. This ran contrary to the plans of its creators, of course, who had poured their love into the game, only to have the work wasted, snatched away, and locked up for good.
The story of Metal Arms is a melancholy one, but it's a story that deserves to be told.
Boba Fett versus Planet Robot
Metal Arms was devised by Swingin' Ape Studios, a company that formed in 2000 under the leadership of Scott Goffman, Mike Starich and Steve Ranck. While doing contract work for other developers, Swingin' Ape was working on its own game, a title that was never be finished but eventually went on to inspire the concept of Metal Arms.
"The game put the player in control of a Boba Fett-like intergalactic bounty hunter where each level took place on a different planet," explained Ranck. "One of the planets was called Iron Star and was occupied by a variety of sentient and deadly robots. It was by far our favorite planet in the game. When our contracting job unexpectedly ended, we decided to put our full efforts into the bounty hunter game.
"But within a few weeks, another intergalactic bounty hunter game was announced and we decided it would be difficult finding a publisher interested in funding our game."
A Glitch in Time
With no income and only a few months of survival cash in the bank, the founders met with the team to discuss the grim possibility that after less than a year, Swingin' Ape might be out of business shortly.
Faced with premature death, the team had a meeting to figure out what it should do with whatever time it had remaining. In that meeting, the concept for Metal Arms was born. Taking Iron Star and its robotic inhabitants as a starting point, Swingin' Ape decided it could make a shooter with an extreme level of violence that would retain its all-important "Teen" rating, due to the fact that the characters were not made of flesh and juicy, censor-baiting blood.
"With just a few weeks until 2001 E3, we worked hard on developing a concept movie that demonstrated the look and feel of the game," recalled Ranck. "We ended up including this movie in the final game -- it can be viewed once all 42 levels in the campaign have been completed.
"When E3 arrived, Scott, Mike, and I were equipped with a laptop with the movie, a stack of colorful presentations, and a fairly polished pitch. For two days, we literally ran from meeting to meeting and pitched Metal Arms to over 15 publishers. Some were interested and at least appeared to be enthusiastic. Others yawned through the presentation and glanced at their watches. Nice. When we returned from E3, we really didn't feel any closer. Everything was still up in the air, and Swingin' Ape was almost out of time."
At the very last minute, however, the studio got a call from Mike Ryder, then-president of Sierra. While no commitments were made, Ryder was shown the full concept for Metal Arms and expressed a hopeful amount of enthusiasm. Nothing was set in stone, but Sierra was now Swingin' Ape's best chance at succcess.
Seducing Sierra
The seven-person studio set itself the daunting task of creating a fully playable demo level within six weeks, armed only with an unfinished proprietary engine and limited design ideas. Amazingly -- and thanks to the sacrifice of all free time and sleep -- Swingin' Ape built its demo. In Ranck's own words, the end result was, "Fun. Very fun."
Sierra loved the demo, and Ryder was personally championing the game. Yet despite the excitement, the project was never officially greenlit and the studio was still facing closure. As luck would have it, Ranck was able to license out the technology used in the creation of Metal Arms' demo, which allowed Swingin' Ape to survive just long enough to sign a contract with Sierra in December 2001. Against all probability, Metal Arms was now officially a game, and development could begin.
"Developing Metal Arms was incredibly fun, though the game itself wasn't. Not in the beginning. The demo was just that -- a slice of fun that demonstrated the game. When you focus on a slice of gameplay, it's much easier to find the right formula to make it fun. But developing general, full-featured levels is another thing altogether," Ranck told me.
"It's not that we didn't know how to make the game fun, but that we had a huge amount of foundation code to write initially. I very much respect the people running Sierra at the time, because they fundamentally understood that for Metal Arms to be a good game, we needed the time to invest in our technology foundation. Once we had the core foundation done, we were then able to focus on the game's physics & destruction system, arguably the key component to the gratifying gameplay feel. Once the destruction system was complete, the fun level skyrocketed, and Metal Arms began to feel like a game. We were definitely hopeful for its chances of success."
Sierra was compliant and development was going smoothly, but an ominous figure loomed over the horizon, threatening to strike Metal Arms down with an unjust fury. That shadowy malevolence was Vivendi, Sierra's parent company. Unlike Sierra, Vivendi had no clue what was so appealing about Metal Arms. It could not understand why the publisher had greenlit the project, and as such, often pretended the game didn't exist and would regularly omit it from project reviews.
"Then, the week before 2003 E3, Vivendi held their pre-E3 press event, where they showed off their games lineup to the press," revealed Ranck. "At the end of the event, the members of the press were invited to fill out a card where they ranked the games Vivendi showed to them.
"Metal Arms ranked #1, which caught Vivendi off-guard. To be honest, it caught all of us off-guard. Unfortunately, Vivendi had disappointingly dedicated only a single kiosk of their massive E3 booth to Metal Arms, which is a good indicator of how they considered the game, but after the press event, they scrambled to find more space and ultimately got the game on a 2nd kiosk as well as into Microsoft's Xbox booth. The E3 press on the game was strong, and it won several awards."
Life's a Glitch, and then you die
From then on, Vivendi bucked its ideas up and decided to lend some marketing weight to the game. A TV spot was aired and web banners were published on top-ranking sites. However, Ranck believes it was a case of too little, too late. Vivendi's marketing only came just prior to release, and most sales were generated through pure word of mouth -- at least as far as Swingin' Ape's anecdotal knowledge is concerned.
The gaming press was generally supportive of the title, although Ranck noticed several reviews from authors that "clearly have played only the first level or two, and yet feel they've played enough to form an opinion of the game and then publish a score."
Armed with press coverage and late-but-welcome publisher backing, Swingin' Ape had high hopes for Metal Arms' retail performance. Due to grassroots hype and critical acclaim, Vivendi was confident enough to commission a sequel, which the studio began to work on. Three months after development began, though, the game was axed. Things had not gone according to plan.
"It was cancelled because despite Metal Arms' success in the press, it wasn't selling well. In general, the people who played Metal Arms really liked the game. But there just weren't enough people who were aware that the game existed."
Just like that, Metal Arms: Glitch in the System was done. The game eventually made its way to Xbox Live as an Xbox Classic, but Ranck has no idea how well it performed. He's not even entirely sure where the IP currently rests, although www.metalarms.com now redirects to Activision's site, which would make sense, since Activision swallowed Vivendi in 2007. That Metal Arms would eventually drown in Activision's sea of lost souls, however, is through no lack of Ranck's attempts to rescue it.
"I did try to acquire the IP but Vivendi wouldn't part with it," confessed Ranck. "Metal Arms was originally written as a trilogy which is why the game's story has a few unanswered questions. I'll take this opportunity to, for the first time ever, share some with your readers. I suppose you could consider this a SPOILER ALERT in a way, but since MA2 seems highly unlikely, maybe it's a risk worth taking for some."
Metal Arms 2
The following section details what would have become of Metal Arms' story had the two sequels been made. As Ranck pointed out, they are spoilers, but for games that will likely never be made -- so feel free to read and imagine what could have been.
"Okay, so although we never came out and said it, Glitch was indeed created by the Morbots. That symbol on Glitch's head matches the glyphs in the Morbot region. The Morbots then intentionally planted Glitch for the Droids to find. The big reveal in Metal Arms 2 was that General Corrosive (the main villain of Metal Arms) was also created by the Morbots. He's Glitch's brother. Exavolt thinks that they created Corrosive, but they were just a tool in the Morbot's [sic] master plan. I won't go into detail as to what the Morbots were doing here, but will say that the whole thing was a grand experiment.
"You never see a Morbot in Metal Arms. We know they live under the planet's surface. In fact, the name 'Morbot' spawned from the 'Morlocks' from H.G. Wells' The Time Machine. The Morbots generate and control the massive power consumed by the bots on the surface. Exavolt wants that power at their fingertips so they can win the war and rule the planet, but there are only a few gateways that lead down to the Morbot region, and the gateways appear to have no doors. You can see one of these Morbot gateways in the game when Glitch takes the massive lift up and out of the Morbot region. The next level is the first of the Mil City levels. When that level starts, the structure behind Glitch is a Morbot gateway. The markings match that on Glitch's head.
"Exavolt never could figure out how to open the gateway. So, they came up with the plan of drilling through the planet's surface to gain access to the Morbot region. If you remember the giant drill level in the R&D facility, that's what that was all about. It's the Mil way of doing things -- sloppy, brute force. The Mils flooded into the Morbot region and occupied it, but the Morbots were nowhere to be found. They would reemerge in MA2. When Glitch discovers they were a pawn and killed their brother, they are motivated to settle the score with the powerful Morbots."
That is where Metal Arms 2 would have taken us, but alas, it was not to be. Perhaps one day, Activision will remember that it's sitting on a critically acclaimed property that could have been a surprise hit if only it had been supported, and will greenlight another Metal Arms. Given Activision's tendency to not do such things, perhaps that's an incredible level of wishful thinking.
There are those of us that do remember Metal Arms, however, and are glad we got to play at least one game in what was a promising, original, heartfelt series. Metal Arms: Glitch in the System is available on Xbox Live Classics, and you can find the PlayStation 2, Xbox or GameCube versions for peanuts.
Should you ever feel the need to play a violent, funny, brutally tough shooter, don't forget Metal Arms. That's the very least it deserves.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Canada has suspended diplomatic relations with Iran and is expelling Iranian diplomats from Canada, Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird announced in a statement today.
Speaking to reporters in Russia, where he's attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-Operation summit, Baird said the government is formally listing Iran today as a state sponsor of terrorism under the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act.
That will theoretically allow Canadians affected by terrorism supported by the Iranian regime to sue.
Later in the day, Baird added Syria to the list of terror-sponsoring states.
"Canada is committed to fighting global terrorism and to holding perpetrators of terrorism — and those who provide them support — accountable for their actions," Baird said following a news release that officially added Syria to the list.
"Building resilience against terrorism is a priority for our government, and respect for the rule of law prevails in a resilient society," added Public Safety Minister Vic Toews.
Earlier Friday, Baird denounced Iran in the strongest possible terms.
"Iran is among the world's worst violators of human rights. It shelters and materially supports terrorist groups," Baird said in a news release announcing the formal terror listing, adding: "Unequivocally, we have no information about a military strike on Iran."
Baird said Canada has closed its embassy in Iran, effective immediately, and declared personae non gratae all remaining Iranian diplomats in Canada. Those diplomats must leave within five days. All Canadian diplomats have already left Iran.
Canada and Iran Canada's relations with Iran have been iffy since the 1979 Islamic Revolution: 1980: Canadian embassy closed for eight years after Canadians spirit U.S. diplomats out of Tehran during the post-revolution hostage crisis. 1996: Two countries cap a gradual return to normal diplomatic relations with an exchange of ambassadors. 2003: Relationship chills after Zahra Kazemi, a freelance photographer with dual Canadian-Iranian citizenship, is killed in custody in Iran, in what Canada describes as a state-sanctioned murder. Canada recalls its ambassador. 2012: After months of increasingly tough talk from Ottawa, Canada suspends all relations, citing several factors including treatment of foreign diplomats, Iran's support for Syria and its threats against Israel. - The Canadian Press and CBC News
"Canada's position on the regime in Iran is well known. Canada views the government of Iran as the most significant threat to global peace and security in the world today," they said in the statement.
The statement cited Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime, its failure to comply with UN resolutions on its nuclear program and its threats against Israel.
It also makes reference to Iran's "blatant disregard" of the Vienna Convention that guarantees the protection of diplomatic personnel.
Last November, Iranian students stormed the British Embassy in Tehran and ransacked its offices. Britain's Foreign Office summoned an Iranian diplomat in London amid complaints that Iran failed to provide proper security to the embassy and didn't do enough in response to the attack.
Netanyahu congratulates Canada
Iran hasn't had a full ambassador in Canada since 2007, following a breakdown in relations after Iranian-Canadian photographer Zahra Kazemi was tortured and killed in Iran in 2003.
The Department of Foreign Affairs is asking Canadians in need of assistance in Iran to contact the embassy in Ankara, Turkey. Anyone who needs urgent assistance should call the department's emergency line at 613-996-8885 or send an email to sos@international.gc.ca.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issued a statement congratulating Prime Minister Stephen Harper on the move, calling it a courageous act of leadership.
"The determination which Canada demonstrates is extremely important so that the Iranians understand that they cannot continue in their race to achieve nuclear weapons. This practical step must serve as an example to the international community [as regards to] moral standards and international responsibility," Netanyahu said.
P.O.V. Do you agree with Baird's move? Take our survey.
Former diplomat Ken Taylor, who served as Canada's ambassador in Tehran during the 1979 Iranian revolution, says having a presence on the ground in a country is important. If the country's government won't interact, they said, there's still intelligence to gather.
"As a diplomat, I think you never give up. Of course, if it's a breach of diplomatic protocol, if in fact your diplomats are threatened, if in fact a country's conduct is not acceptable, this may proceed from persona non grata to the closing of the embassy," Taylor said.
"Obviously, though, the Canadian government is sending a message. Whether or not this is the best means to send a message is of course up to the government's cabinet. It's more than just a practical or technical severance of the relationship," they said.
'Hostile decision'
A spokesperson for Iran's Foreign Ministry, Ramin Mehmanparast, called Canada's decision "hasty and extreme" and said Iran would soon respond, the semi-official Fars news agency reported.
On Friday, people lined up outside the mission, waiting to deal with passport and other issues. Eventually, someone posted a sign on the door in Persian saying the embassy is closed.
Embassy staff back a van into the underground garage at the Iranian Embassy in Ottawa. Canada has closed its embassy in Iran and is expelling all remaining Iranian diplomats in Ottawa. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
"Because of the hostile decision by the government of Canada, the embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Ottawa is closed and has no choice but to stop providing any consular services for its dear citizens."
One man said he's been in Canada for 25 years but was looking forward to taking their children to see where they had grown up. With the embassy closed, it will be harder to arrange for the papers needed to travel.
"It's not fair. I mean, that's not the way to do it. They should have an office — I don't know how it will solve anyone's problem," Arman Mirshahi said.
"Don't you think there's a other way to fight those [diplomatic battles], other than creating problems for me?"
A spokesperson for a pro-democracy group said they welcome the decision by Baird and that it shows Iranians that Canada stands with them.
"This regime has been killing, executing, torturing, over hundreds and thousands of people, both students, intelligence and other members of [the] community in the country and abroad. It's terrorism. It does not stay in the country — Iran only — but also it's been exported to other countries," said Vahideh Khorram-Roudi of the Iran Democratic Association.
Khorram-Roudi said the regime has threatened them and other members of the group through threats to their family members still in Iran.
Activists called for embassy closure
Pro-democracy activists in Canada renewed calls over the summer for the embassy in Ottawa to be closed.
The calls were sparked by a July news report that said Iran's cultural counsellor in Ottawa, Hamid Mohammadi, suggested Iranian expatriates should be nurtured to be of service to Iran.
Baird issued a warning on July 13, saying the Iranian government has no right to interfere with Canadians who left Iran to build a better life.
"Obviously we're concerned by some of the reports that we've heard," Baird said.
"It is completely inconsistent with any diplomatic mission for the Iranian mission in Ottawa to interfere in the liberties that [Iranian-Canadians] enjoy in Canada. Any police organization will certainly take a look at any serious allegations that are raised in terms of their conduct.
Cross Country Checkup chat Should Western nations limit freedom in order to protect religious sensitivities? Join host Rex Murphy for a live chat Sunday at 4 p.m. ET on Cross Country Checkup.
"And obviously my department will watch very closely and will be pleased to hear any representations on anything that the embassy has done that is inconsistent with their function as diplomats in Ottawa."
One of the most prominent voices calling for the closure was Nazanin Afshin-Jam, a human rights activist and the wife of Canadian Defence Minister Peter MacKay.
Afshin-Jam's father was imprisoned and tortured in Iran before the family fled, eventually ending up in Vancouver.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
If President Barack Obama loses big Eastern states like Florida and Ohio on November 6, Western swing states like Colorado and Nevada could help them hold on to the White House. Polls in Colorado and Nevada make the states look like anything but sure bets for the president, but there's good news for Obama: By undercounting Democratic-leaning Latinos, those polls could be dead wrong.
It's happened before.
Shortly after the 2010 midterm elections, Jim Margolis, a longtime Democratic pollster who's now a top media consultant for Obama's reelection campaign, cowrote a memo outlining how the Democrats had managed to save their then-boss, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.). During the fall, Reid had looked like they were going to get swept away in the tea party wave that handed the GOP a majority in the House of Representatives. Polls showed Reid trailing their Republican opponent, Sharron Angle, by an average of nearly 3 points. Republicans were about to knock off the second Democratic Senate leader in a row, having ended Tom Daschle's Senate career in 2004.
Then something weird happened. Reid won—by almost 6 points. In Colorado, another state with a large Latino population, Democratic Senate candidate Michael Bennet eked out a 1-point win despite polls showing their GOP rival, Ken Buck, up by an average of about 3 points. For good reason, politicos have calloused fingers from hitting refresh on New York Times‘ numbers guru Nate Silver‘s website, but even their model predicted likely Republican wins in Nevada and Colorado in 2010.
“Nobody had Reid winning, nobody had Reid ahead,” says Brad Coker, a pollster for Mason-Dixon, the firm hired by the Las Vegas Review-Journal to poll the state. “People underestimated the ability to turn out Hispanic voters the way they had turned out for Obama.” In the memo written after Reid's win, Margolis and Reid pollster Mark Mellman said the same thing: Latino voters, undersampled by pollsters and written off as unlikely voters, had made a huge difference for Democrats.
How did this happen? According to Matt Barreto of Latino Decisions, a polling firm that specializes in public opinion surveys of the Latino community, pollsters were using outdated methods that simply missed the Latino voter surge. Small sample sizes of Latinos, ineffective or inadequate efforts to reach “Spanish-dominant” Latino voters, and failing to account for how many Latino voters would turn out kept most pollsters from identifying what immigration reform advocate Frank Sharry called the Democrats' Latino “firewall” in 2010. Barreto argues that the polls often miss working-class Latinos, who are more likely to use cellphones, work long hours, and prefer to speak Spanish. Instead, the polls are more likely to reach more financially comfortable, “English-dominant” Latinos who are more likely to vote Republican. Robopolls, in which an automated prompt calls voters, tend to be particularly bad at measuring Latino public opinion, even when they have a Spanish-language option, Barreto says.
“When you start polling in any state that's competitive with a big component of the electorate being Latino, you tend to see that they tend to underestimate the Latino vote,” says David Damore, a political science professor at the University of Nevada. “[The result] tends to be more Republican than it actually will be.”
Barreto says it's happening again this year. “Pollsters who are missing that component of the correct proportion of Spanish interviews, they are completely underestimating a growing part of the electorate, and this is the part that is most heavily Democratic,” they argue. “They're are operating on models that are at best 20 years old.” (Barreto expanded on their theory in a post written Monday.)
One of the biggest political changes over the past 20 years, Barreto claims, is among Spanish-dominant voters most likely to break toward Democrats. Many of these voters are naturalized citizens, a population that in the past hasn't really made an impact at the polls. But since the mid-1990s, when immigration first started emerging as a hot-button political issue, these voters have been turning out in in greater numbers. Now, Barreto says, there's evidence that they're more likely to hit the ballot box than US-born Latinos.
Why does this matter? Even if Romney wins Virginia and North Carolina, Barack Obama only needs 33 of the the remaining 82 swing state electoral votes to win, while Romney needs 51. The race is so close that a shift of a few points among Latinos in states with large Latino voter populations like Colorado, Nevada, and Florida could determine who gets those crucial remaining electoral votes.
Latino Decisions' polling has Obama poised to win more than 70 percent of the Latino vote (other surveys show similar numbers), but in several public polls of swing states, Barreto says, the Latino sample sizes are so small or so unrepresentative that they're likely overestimating how many Latinos are going to vote Romney. After helping save the Democrats' Senate majority in 2010, Latino voters may just rescue Obama's presidency in 2012.
Jim Messina, Obama's 2012 campaign manager, saw this coming. Messina, who worked on Reid's campaign, had gotten to see the Senate majority leader's strategy up close—and in an interview earlier this year, they hinted at a path to victory through the Mountain West. “Messina believes Romney's problems with Hispanics are insoluble,” New York‘s John Heilemann wrote. The campaign manager went on to promise that Obama would win states like Colorado and Nevada “the way Harry Reid did—with a full discussion of the issues and a huge ground game.”
Others suggest it is the glare from a window they may have been in front of
Skeptics say it was a UFO that was bending light to make itself invisible
Shared on Instagram that a 'thing' was in the photo but not
While taking a picture of a stunning New York City sunset, the Hollywood star of ‘Girl Meets World' says they may have spotted a UFO.
Rowan Blanchard, 14, posted a photo on Instagram this week that appears to show a glowing vehicle hovering above the bright lights of the Big Apple, which they say was only visible in the photo.
Alien hunters are buzzing with excitement and believe the UFO disk was 90% cloaked at the time – suggesting the sun made the craft visible to the human eye.
Scroll down for video
While taking a picture of a stunning New York City sunset, the Hollywood star of ‘Girl Meets World' may have come in contact with a UFO. Rowan Blanchard, 14, posted a photo on Instagram (pictured) this week that appears to show a glowing vehicle hovering above the bright lights of the Big Apple, which they say was only visible in the photo
‘Say what u will but that thing was just appearing in the photo and wasn't physically there,' Blanchard shared in the Instagram picture's caption, which was followed by the alien-looking emoji.
The image has been ‘Liked' 111,000 times on Instagram and received more than 1,665 comments, one of which was the well-known UFOlogist Scott C Warning from UFO Sightings Daily.
‘Awesome catch of a ring UFO over NYC,' Waring commented.
‘Sunset is the most common time a UFOs cloak becomes vulnerable.'
‘Congrats on the great catch.'
THINK YOU'VE BEEN ABDUCTED BY ALIENS? IT MAY BE SLEEP PARALYSIS Agents Mulder and Scully may have said 'the truth is out there' in the X Files, but it may instead be buried inside the brains of people who claim they have been abducted by aliens. Those who believe they have had a close encounter of the so-called 'fourth kind' may suffer from false memories or sleep paralysis, a psychologist has claimed. A rare form of the condition, which can involve hallucinations or the feeling of being dragged out of bed, may explain 'alien abductions' that people sincerely believe happened but can't remember. Writing for The Psychologist, Christopher C French, of Goldsmiths, the University of London, who specialises in the psychology of paranormal belief and experiences, said there are plausible explanations for why people 'see' flying saucers and think they have been abducted. They noted that most of the people making these claims are clinically sane, but their belief in life in outer space may influence what they see or feel in strange situations.
This bizarre image shows the top half of lit street lights that stand in front of a golden sunset backdrop.
And towards the top right appears to be bluish lights and a faint structure in the shape of a saucer.
Some suggest the strange sighting is nothing more than a glare from a window that they may have snapped the picture from.
‘Say what u will but that thing was just appearing in the photo and wasn't physically there,' Blanchard (pictured) shared in the Instagram picture's caption, which was followed by the alien-looking emoji. The image has been ‘Liked' 111,000 times on Instagram and has received more than 1,665 comments since August 23
While others are thrilled to see the image, because they also saw a similar UFO ‘just two years ago'.
In their blog, Waring attempts to explain why Blanchard was only able to see the faint outline of the craft when they took the picture at sundown.
The image they include seems to suggest that humans can only see cloaked UFOs when the sun is out, which is an alien ship that bends light 180 degrees around to in order to appear invisible.
And when the sun is at a 90-degree angle, one side of the UFO visible – which suggest why Blanchard was able to capture the vulnerable craft while the sun was setting.
The image appears to show bluish lights and a faint structure in the shape of a saucer. Some suggest the strange sighing is nothing more than a glare – that is, if they snapped the picture while standing in front of a window. While others are thrilled to see the image, because they also saw a similar UFO ‘just two years ago'
On their blog, Waring attempts to explain why Blanchard was only able to see the faint outline of the craft when they took the picture. The image (pictured) they include seems to suggest that humans can only see cloaked UFOs when the sun is out, which is an alien ship that bends light 180 degrees around to in order to appear invisible
‘While visiting in New York City, they chanced to take a photo during a beautiful sunset, and accidentally captured a UFO disk that is 90% cloaked,' shares Waring on UFO Sightings Daily.
‘Remember what I said about sunset being the most common time for UFOs to be seen?'
‘Its due to the bending of the light, the observer (us) and the angle of the sun'.
‘This is 100% evidence that aliens do watch over New York City with enthusiasm.'
Waring's final statement may explain another sighting that occurred in the Big Apple earlier this year.
Tourists from the UK claimed to have snapped a picture of the Empire State Building with a 'UFO' hovering near the famous landmark on 5th Avenue.
‘This is 100% evidence that aliens do watch over New York City with enthusiasm,' Waring said regarding Blanchard's picture, which may explain another sighting that occurred in the Big Apple earlier this year. Tourists from the UK claimed to have snapped a picture (featured) of the Empire State Building with a 'UFO' hovering near the famous landmark on 5th Avenue
This sighting could be part of an 'Earth safari' tourism some believe is setup for exterrestrials, but knowing New York City it was probably just a plastic bag floating in the wind.
The witness, which is going by the name 'D', reported the claim and it has been archived as Case 75586 in the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) archive, reports Inquisitr.
D was visiting New York City with their girlfriend when they took the picture while on a Double Decker bus at 5:46 pm eastern on April 2, 2016 using a simple Samsung Galaxy S6.
When Joseph Auther installed a spyware program on their 12-year-old son's school laptop, they were hoping to keep tabs on their son's Internet use and head off any potential trouble. According to Kashmir Hill at Forbes magazine, that decision set in motion a chain of events that cost their son's school its principal; that principal their reputation, career and marriage; and the Auther family a long-time friend.
Auther, an FBI special agent stationed in the Northern Marianas Islands, installed the spyware program eBlaster on the laptop provided to their son by Whispering Palms School in Saipan in the U.S. territory of the Marianas. eBlaster sends the installer updates via email every time the person using the computer sends or receives and email or chat message and records every keystroke and every website visited as well as every search the user performs.
Months later, Auther was transfered to the FBI's Denver office. Before turning their son's laptop back over to the school, the agent took it to two different service centers to have the memory wiped and the spyware disabled. Nonetheless, before Auther and their family left for Colorado, they began to get notifications again.
Spyware programs are, by design, difficult to detect and disable. eBlaster had survived both wipe attempts and had awakened, sending Auther word that the user currently operating the laptop was using it to search for child pornography, including images of underage Asian girls engaged in sex with much older men. Auther didn't know who was using the computer, but their son's principal at Whispering Palms was a family friend, 67-year-old Thomas Weindl.
Weindl and the Auther family were close. Auther's wife had given a reading earlier in the year at Weindl's wedding to a Korean woman with an 11-year-old daughter.
Eric Goldman, the privacy expert who told Forbes about this story, said, “An FBI dad getting email notifications of child porn activity [is] like a gift-wrapped present for a law enforcement official.”
While they should have turned the investigation over to the FBI, Auther began to do a bit of sleuthing on their own. They called Weindl, suggesting that they wanted to buy the laptop after all. Weindl told Auther that he'd turned the machine over to Public School System (PSS), an organization that provides federally-funded laptops to students in the U.S. and helps them keep them, should they choose, when they graduate.
Auther contacted PSS, who said they'd never received the laptop, alerting Auther to the fact that Weindl was being less than forthcoming. It was then that Auther shared their findings with another FBI agent and a formal investigation began.
Weindl was arrested and charged shortly thereafter with “receiving child porn and with accessing child porn with an intent to view it.” They lost their job at Whispering Palms and has since then been trying to fight the charges against him.
According to Forbes, Judge Ramona Manglona has thus far ruled in the investigation's favor. “Auther's installation of eBlaster on the laptop in June 2011 was unrelated to the performance of their duties as an FBI special agent,” they wrote, summarily dispensing with Weindl's objection that Auther had spied on them without proper legal authorization.
“Auther was acting as a devoted father, not a law enforcement officer,” they ruled. “The intrusive conduct — the installation of eBlaster — was not by the government but by Auther the private citizen,” and therefore Weindl's rights against unreasonable search and seizure were not violated. Futhermore, Weindl was doing their child-porn surfing and procurement on a computer what was not their own, therefore they were not granted any reasonable expectation of privacy on the machine.
“Sometimes, people delude themselves into thinking that they have a right to things that don't belong to them,” Manglona wrote. “A person cannot have a reasonable expectation of privacy in a computer they stole or obtained by fraud.”
[image via Shutterstock]
The way we pay for goods has transformed over the years — from barter to skins, gold-backed currencies to fiat money. In the past couple of decades, however, it has taken another turn: to stateless digital currency.
Once the work of science fiction or relegated to in-game monetary systems like Second Life's Linden Dollars, Tencent QQ's Q Coins and Facebook Credits, digital currencies are becoming increasingly common. They're fueling speculation and attracting proponents who are responding as much to these monies' philosophical implications as to their economic possibilities.
Each currency brings something slightly different to the table, but there are a few overlapping characteristics: Each is a system in itself, some almost completely closed while others mesh into the wider global economy. Each offers an answer to the problems that issue from the current troubled economic times. And each seems both unlikely to succeed, and part of an inevitable movement to include created currencies in the world's economy. Think of digital currency as an Esperanto that people are actually beginning to speak.
With mounting press coverage of Bitcoin introducing many people to digital currencies for the first time, here's a guide to the new trading systems of the web — covering both the promise and liabilities they present.
Currently trades at $121
The airwaves are cracking with news about that new smart new digital crypto-currency, Bitcoin (BTC). Designed to be unforgeable, anonymous, easily electronically transmitted and independent of nation-states and their central banks, Bitcoin's activity this year attracted a huge amount of attention.
Proposed in a paper in November of 2008 by a programmer (or group of programmers) under the name Satoshi Nakamoto, the system launched for real in January of 2009. It grew slowly for the next couple of years, with occasional spikes in popularity, but never fully took off.
That is, until this year, when BTC got down to the serious business of financial melodrama.
First it soared in value and eventually rocketed up over $200. Many argue that Bitcoin's increased worth was based on its viability as an alternative to the euro, which was failing tragically in Cyprus, and the U.S. Treasury's recognition of the currency with a new, vague ruling. Then its value fell to under $30, partly due to a series of sustained distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks against the largest exchange for the currency, Japan-based Mt. Gox.
Since then, it did a convincing imitation of a sitcom corporate earnings graph, to finally settle again at around $120. After a U.S. government seizure of funds from a Dwolla account that fed into Mt. Gox, the exchange has changed its policy. It now requires verification from its users, putting a serious kink in the vaunted anonymity of Bitcoin.
This by no means heralds the end of Bitcoin. For one thing, if you don't use an exchange, you can retain your anonymity — at least until you cash out. And as you see from this buyer's guide, there's a thriving market for the currency.
Currently trades at $2.50-3.00
Litecoin (LTC) was built on a foundation of BTC code and launched in October of 2011. It was designed to transfer between users and exchanges at a much faster rate and to be much more easily mined than BTC.
Litecoin is not released by a central bank of any sort. Instead, it is mined, a process that involves individuals using their computing power to roll digital dice. A certain rare combination of those dice will "unlock" a "block" of coins, and those coins become the property of the miners.
BTC, having been around for a while, unlocks less often, requires much more computing power to do so (to the point that first special computers, now special chips, have been designed with that end in mind) and yields a smaller block when it does. Litcoin miners can use their personal computers to unlock LTC blocks, making it more accessible to hobbyists.
Litecoin seems to be growing more slowly but with less disruption than Bitcoin. It is also largely free of the illicit reputation Bitcoin sometimes has from its association with the Silk Road site.
Sometimes, there are benefits to not being first to market.
Currently trades at $2.77
Just as Litecoin was built on a foundation of Bitcoin code, Feathercoin is based on Litecoin — and for some of the same reasons.
Feathercoin, as it claims on its website, "has a block reward of 200 coins and will have a total of 336 million coins. This makes it four times that of LiteCoin."
As a number of investors in Bitcoin have noted about that currency, it will only truly become viable when it is adopted as a currency. Otherwise, and in the meantime, it remains an investment vehicle. With ease of mining as its primary selling point, Bitcoin's legitimacy as a currency, extending if not replacing traditional currencies, seems less assured.
One way Feathercoin is trying to distinguish itself from the libertarianism-freighted, crime-tainted Bitcoin is in its marketing and customer relations.
As South Africa-based Memeburn noted, "Feathercoin is trying to be more friendly while the community creates 'tutorials, animations, jingles, technical guides, videos and starter kits to enable people who want to get involved."
Currently trades at $1.00
The Russia-based WebMoney was founded in 1998 and uses a digital currency: WebMoney units. But it is a strictly in-system currency. That is, your WMZ (WebMoney dollars) or your WMR (WebMoney rubles) cannot be used to, say, buy a pizza — unless of course the pizza is being offered for sale within the WebMoney system.
Goods offered for sale, or "valuables of various legal nature (sic)" as they put it on their About page, are stored with "guarantors" — entities who agree to store valuable properties from bonds and transfer them when the WebMoney units are transferred.
A benefit of WebMoney, and an aspect that makes it more of a payment system than an independent currency, is how it is tied to fiat currencies. One WMZ, for instance, is always going to be worth $1.00.
With the demise of Liberty Reserve, some security experts, including Sophos's Chester Wisniewski, believe WebMoney is a prime candidate for cybercriminals to transfer funds. Writing on the Naked Security blog, Wisniewski noted that a poll on a cybercrime forum indicated criminals prefer WebMoney over Bitcoin four to one.
Currently trades at $0.13
PPcoin, also known as PeerCoin and Peer-to-Peer Coin, is interested in that it can be traded not only for fiat currencies but also for other digital currencies.
Like Bitcoin, Litecoin and Feathercoin, PPcoin too increases itself via mining. However, it uses a proof-of-stake system to prevent monopolies on the currency. Proof-of-stake ensures that if a miner, for instance, has 0.5% of the existing currency, they or they will only be allowed to mine 0.5% of the outstanding currency — making it much more difficult to secure a monopoly on the currency.
As over time the mining difficulty increases on a currency like Bitcoin, fewer people will mine. Eventually, one person or group could come to possess 51% of the currency.
Since, as Ars Technica notes, the system that vetts the currency recognizes the blockchain that is recognized by the most mining nodes, once you secure 51 percent (and have the most mining nodes) you could theoretically produce counterfeit currency — something no one can do at present.
Like Credits, Ven also debuted as a Facebook application in 2007. By 2008, however, it had slipped the leash, moving off the social network and into the world. Anyone with an email address can use Ven, though it must still be exchanged within the Hub Culture Facebook app.
In 2009, it was adopted by the environmentally minded collaboration community Hub Culture, which now manages the currency. Members use Ven to trade for goods, services, special skills and expertise.
Due to a deal struck with Thomson Reuters, in 2011 Ven became the first digital currency to be traded on the financial markets. It now appears on half a million financial terminals worldwide. (Ven is a closed system, redeemable in goods and services but never cash.)
The value of Ven is priced by Thomson Reuters based on a "basket" of currencies, commodities and carbon futures. Ven is used to purchase carbon offsets. The first exchange of that nature using the currency was by Nike, who sold offsets for Ven currency on the American Carbon Registry.
The annual $10,000 Ven Prize "for innovation and collaboration toward sustainable economic systems" is funded by donations in Ven currency to Hub Culture.
Due to its association with the prize, Hub Culture in general and carbon offsets, Ven has become the "green" member of the digital currency family.
This is not an exhaustive encyclopedia of currently operational digital currencies. Currencies not covered here include Freicoin, whose business model is based on demurrage; Namecoin, which is actually an "alternative distributed Domain Name System"; and Terracoin, among others.
Hopefully the currencies discussed above have provided a sense of the spread and specialization, as well as the commonalities, of digital cryptographic money systems and trading platforms.
The apparent crackdown on digital currencies by the U.S. Department of the Treasury — which started with the ruling on digital currency issued by U.S. Department of the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) and led to the seizure of Mt. Gox exchange's Dwolla funds and its subsequent decision to require authentication of its users, as well as the seizure and closure of Liberty Reserve — has been seen by some as the beginning of the end for such wild west monetary systems.
But others, like security expert Brian Krebs, see the attention as quite possibly just the opposite effect. While outfits like Mt. Gox may take a bath, perhaps even fade away, digital currencies themselves — the peer-to-peer electronic monies — may well thrive.
As they wrote on their blog, Krebs on Security:
Just as the entertainment industry's crackdown on music file-sharing network Napster in the late 1990s spawned a plethora of decentralized peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing networks, the argument goes, so too does the U.S. government's action against centrally-managed digital currencies herald the ascendancy of P2P currencies.
Image courtesy of Flickr, Zach Copley
This article originally published at The Daily Dot here
Policy
France begins nuclear bailout
Renewables International, 10 June 2015
Last week, the French government announced plans to inject cash into Areva, the firm that constructs nuclear plants in the country. It is a desperate attempt to ward off the inevitable: bankruptcy.
The French nuclear power sector has always been a top priority for government officials ever since the practically forgotten (and failed) Messmer Plan of the early 1970s. With few orders for nuclear reactors on the books and tremendous cost overruns for the EPR plant under construction in Flamanville, Areva now faces a financially dismal future.
As a result, the French government is officially (press release in French) looking into “reorganizing the French nuclear industry” with a strategic partnership between Areva and EDF, the former state power monopolist. The deal would not make the order books look better by ramping up international demand. Instead, it would absorb losses by spreading them across the merged new company – and eventually transferring them (at least in part) into tax budgets. The deal would at least settle a dispute over whether EDF or Areva should cover cost overruns for the ERP reactor under construction in Flamanville.
A report by the AFP put some numbers on the entire situation. EDF has reportedly offered to pay more than 2 billion euros to become a main shareholder of Areva. A broker quoted in the article says the merged company may eventually need 7 billion. Raffaele Piria, energy policy expert at Adelphi and co-author of the World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2014, estimates that the bailout may eventually add up to far more than 10 billion euros. The reactor vessel at the Flamanville site is also currently under investigation and may need redoing completely – at a cost of hundreds of millions of euros. These cost overruns, they explain, are currently unclear but not included in the current estimates in the press.
“The question is how long such subsidies will remain politically acceptable to the French public,” Piria says, not to mention compatible with EU state aid rules. The French policy of supporting national champions may leave the country with few options, however. Only recently, former French President Nicholas Sarkozy denied claims by the former head of Areva that France intended to sell a nuclear reactor to Libya's dictator Moammar Gadhafi. And only a few weeks ago, Finland canceled a potential second order for Areva's EPR reactor, with the first order facing considerable cost overruns and delays.
A recent article at The Ecologist provides a good overview of the demise of the European Pressurized Reactor, on which the fate of Areva heavily relies. Increasingly, the fate of the French economy depends on it as well.
(Craig Morris / @PPchef)
More...
BENGALURU: Apple 's new iPhone X, which costs around a lakh of rupees, was sold out within a few minutes of being available for pre-orders on e-commerce platforms at noon on Friday. The phones were available for pre-order on Flipkart and Amazon. The iPhone X with 64GB memory is priced at Rs 89,000 and the 256GB version is priced at Rs 1,02,000.The phones were available online with bank cashback offers, in addition to exchange offers, adding up to a discount of Rs 30,000-35,000. Amazon was also giving 70 per cent buyback guarantee on iPhone X for those using a Reliance Jio connection. Flipkart also had a similar offer of buyback up to Rs 52,000.An Amazon spokesperson told TOI in a statement, "Apple iPhone X went on pre-order on Amazon.in today. Within a few minutes of the pre-orders the smartphone went out of stock as customers grabbed these smartphones." It is not clear how many units were on offer on Flipkart and Amazon.The iPhone X comes with super retina edge-toedge 5.8-inch display with 2436x1125-pixel resolution (higher than full HD). The Apple phone comes with face recognition, a first for a flagship product from any smartphone manufacturer.This is the first ever iPhone to come with an OLED display with Dolby vision and HDR10 support. The smartphone comes with an all-glass body with a polished, steel band seamlessly wrapped around the phone.Apple CEO Tim Cook has been very bullish about the potential for Apple to grow in India. They had mentioned that India's 4G rollout led by Jio was among the fastest 4G rollouts in the world.In the UK, the device sold out within minutes. By midmorning, customers were being told they would have to wait four to six weeks before the phone became available, reported Bloomberg . And if New Yorkers didn't stay up all night, they were likely out of luck. By early morning on the East Coast, Apple's website was already registering a wait of as much as six weeks.
UPDATED: Christmas has come early for Subaru fans with unofficial confirmation that the turbocharged Levorg wagon will arrive in Australia before the end of the year.
An insider for the brand told Drive that the car will arrive soon.
"It's due at the end of the year," the source said.
"I can certainly order you one. Certainly we'll be part of it when it gets here."
But Subaru's official line is that the model won't go on sale in 2015.
A spokesperson for Subaru Australia says the manufacturer "can categorically say that the Levorg will not be released or on sale in 2015".
They would not confirm or deny that the model will go on sale locally at a later date. The manufacturer's official position is that the model is under consideration.
The Levorg is likely to sit above equivalent four-door models and feature Subaru's EyeSight safety technology as standard.
Softer approach: Levorg takes a slightly softer approach to cornering than the WRX on which it is based. Photo: Tom Gasnier/Fairfax NZ
The car has been on sale only in Japan, but exports to the UK are set to begin in September.
Subaru UK says the Levorg GT is a spiritual successor to the Liberty wagon, "which became a firm favourite among Subaru owners the world over".
Fairfax Media's Stuff.co.nz tested a Levorg on Kiwi soil this year, and found that the 221kW, 400Nm top-end model offers similar pace to the WRX, reaching 100km/h in 6.2 seconds. The test model was imported to New Zealand via the carmaker's local arm.
Full specifications for the model are not yet available, but Subaru's UK range will feature a turbocharged 1.6-litre-litre four-cylinder engine that pushes 125kW to all four wheels through a continuously variable automatic transmission (CVT) that is standard across the range.
When I decided to publish my first book (The Traveller: Notes from an Imperfect Journey Around the World) independently, I knew I would have to get serious about crowdfunding. The process of leveraging money from my online community became a step in publishing that was as inherent as designing a book cover.
Overall, my campaign was very successful, garnering more than 200% of my target goal. Why was that? Well, I applied a selection of key tactics to make a fail-proof campaign.
Here are eight lessons learned about crowdfunding.
Stop looking at this beach photo and go put yourself out there.
1) Build a community. There is a proverb in China that reads: “The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” If you're thinking long-term about a career in any creative-based domain, it's time to start building your online community. Your contacts are the people who will get your crowdfunding campaign buzzing through financial support and social media sharing. You can't hide under a rock. You can't assume that people will just stumble across your campaign and eagerly throw money in your direction. Sorry. You've got to put yourself out there — now!
There is a new book out on the market comparing and contrasting four popular recent translations Evangelicals tend to use— the NIV, the NLT, the ESV, and the HCSB. The book is entitled Which Bible Translation Should I Use? A Comparison of Four Recent Versions, and its introducers and editors are Andrew Kostenberger and David Croteau (B+H, 2012, 204 actual pages). Each of the four versions are essentially presented or defended by four individuals who were involved in the translation work themselves— ESV (Wayne Grudem), NIV (Doug Moo), HCSB (Ray Clendenen), and NLT (Philip Comfort). In this particular post I want to address only one issue, that of literalism.
Let it be noted first that none of these four translations really deserve to be called ‘literal' translations in the strict sense. They are not. They do not follow, for example the word order of the Hebrew or Greek sentences again and again and again for the sake of making good sense in English. In other words, comprehension trumps literalism. Sometimes you will hear one or another of the defenders of the ESV or HCSB or the NKJV claim that their translation is ‘essentially literal' but not ‘woodenly literal' (with the latter meaning following word for word the word order in the original language).
But in fact, to the degree that a translation like the ESV is dependent upon or even a return to more nearly following the verbage of the KJV, it is not even ‘essentially literal' (and this critique would apply to the NKJV even more). Why not? Because the King James was not a literal translation in the first place! To the contrary, it incorporates numerous of the wonderful idiomatic expressions that William Tyndale used to translate the original languages— expressions like ‘the skin of one's teeth' or the like.
The KJV was never intended to be an entirely from scratch translation in any case, for Lancelot Andrewes and their team were quite specifically told to follow a couple of important previous English versions, and they did so, relying heavily on Tyndale who was really good at coining idiomatic phrases. This is a story for another day, and it is ably told by Alistair McGrath in their wonderful book In the Beginning: The Story of the King James Bible (2002) which I reviewed a long while back on this blog when it was at Beliefnet. McGrath's book should be required reading for all KJV and NKJV and also ESV advocates.
One of the things Wayne Grudem regularly complains about when it comes to the NIV and other translations is that they try to be a bit more gender inclusive or gender neutral in their rendering of the text at various points, and so we are losing male words and male pronouns, when those words can perfectly well be used in inclusive senses when the audience involves both males and females.
For example, in their discussion of the term adelphos in the Bible Translation book they stress that the singular form of the word always and everywhere in the NT and LXX (some 428 times) refers to a male, where as the plural can refer to a mixed audience of men and women.
The problem with this conclusion is that there are other words, which are used in the singular, which are masculine gender words which in fact refer to a woman! For example, take the reference to Phoebe in Romans 16.1 who is called both ‘our sister' (adelphen) and a deacon (diakonov). Not a female form of the word deacon, but rather the male form. So, apparently Paul does not have a problem with using a masculine noun in the singular of a woman any more than they have a problem with using a plural masculine noun like ‘brothers' of both ‘brothers and sisters'.
Now, if the goal is pure literalism, then Phoebe should be called a ‘deacon' however odd that may roll off the tongue of some. But there is in fact a problem with literalism especially when it comes to language being used in spiritual or figurative senses in the first place by which I mean the use of the terms ‘brothers and sisters' of Christians not to refer to physical kinship, but rather Christian kinship in the family of faith.
Let's return for the moment to the discussion of why some translators go for ‘essential literalism' rather than ‘wooden literalism'. The answer is surely comprehension. And it is for that very same reason that an ‘essentially literal' translation is often not to be preferred when it comes to the use of exclusively or almost exclusively male nouns and pronouns. Why not? Because it may it fact make comprehension less likely in today's world! When the audience of an address is both men and women, as made clear or highly probable from the context, the translation ‘men' or just ‘brothers' does a disservice to a significant portion of the audience, namely the women. For the sake of comprehension and clarity and even gender distinction, the translation ‘brothers and sisters' is far better and more accurate and true to the context than just ‘brothers' or ‘men'.
Let me illustrate by referring you to a book I am currently working on a review of by Paul Trebilco entitled Self-designations and Group Identity in the New Testament, (Cambridge, 2012). In their chapter on “Brothers and Sisters' (pp. 16-66) Trebilco points out the following: 1) overwhelmingly in the NT, the term brothers is used metaphorically or figurative to refer to Christians who are considered members of the family of faith (following Jesus' definition of family in a text like Mk. 3.31-35 and par.) This is the case an amazing 271 times in the NT and in all of its books except Titus and Jude.
In other words, only in a minority of cases is the term ‘brothers' used in a strictly original literal sense to refer to physical kin! 2) more often than not in the Pauline corpus, the term ‘brothers' is used inclusively to refer to both Christian men and women as is made clear by the immediate context. Take for example Phil. 4.1-2— Paul urges the adelphoi to get along, and then they single out two women leaders, two co-workers as specific examples of such adelphoi who need to get along. I will let you examine the evidence in pp. 24ff. but suffice it to say that it is easy to show that in Paul and in Acts such metaphorical language is used inclusively. See for example 2 Tim. 4.21 where Paul sends greetings from the ‘brothers' and one of them is said to be Claudia! But of course, she's a sister, just like Phoebe, and in our context it's not appropriate to call a sister ‘a brother'.
One of the things I find most strange about the arguments of folks like Wayne Grudem is of course they are complimentarians, not egalitarians, which is to say they want to specifically stress the differences between men and women and not talk in ways that suggest gender neutrality, or the like. And yet, in translations they want to talk as if all persons being addressed are males even when the context indicates gender inclusivity! This is very odd for someone who is a big advocate for preserving, respecting, and honoring the essential gender differences between men and women and honoring Biblical womanhood.
You would think we would have more places translating adelphoi as ‘men and women' where the context indicates it, not less. In other words, the insistence on a literal translation not only does not promote better comprehension of who is involved in such a verse as 2 Tim. 4.21, it also fails to promote the desire to preserve and honor gender distinctions as well when both men and women are clearly involved in a text. Strange.
The question is— In a Biblically illiterate age and in a culture which is far less patriarchal than Biblical culture, is it more or less helpful towards the goal of comprehensive to translate verses where men and women are both involved with gender exclusive language or gender inclusive language? Which is more likely to promote understanding of the actual meaning and reference of the text? Here the answer seems clear, especially when metaphorical or figurative language is being used anyway!
And let me point to another oddity about this. Take an example like Paul's quotation of 2 Sam. 7.14 in 2 Cor. 6.18. Here Paul is in all likelihood following the LXX. What is extremely interesting is the LXX only has the singular term ‘sons' at this juncture, but Paul adds ‘and daughters' to make clear the inclusive reference that seemed apparent to them from the context of 2 Sam. 7.14. Here then, we have Paul themselves providing a precedent for using a clarifying more gender inclusive phrase even when the original text has only ‘sons'!!
The real question is whether the decision in the ESV to go back to using more male pronouns and nouns, even in some places where gender inclusivity seems obvious from the context has more to do with an attempt to repristinize patriarchy than an attempt to be faithfully ‘literal' and so ‘more like the KJV'. I'm afraid that the former really is often the agenda when it comes to the ESV. And I find this both unhelpful and profoundly sad.
Contra Grudem, it is simply incorrect to say “you never use a masculine singular noun to mean a ‘male or female person'” (p. 60 of the Bible Translation book). Really? Actually, sometimes the writers of the NT do. In a highly patriarchal culture like the writers of the NT lived in, it is not at all a surprise that masculine language dominates even when it comes to figurative language applied to the Christian community. The surprise is, that there is evidence of other sorts of uses at all! And there is a reason for these ‘other sorts of uses'.
Both Jesus and Paul were in fact all about more gender inclusivity when it came to discipleship, and roles within their communities. Paul was pretty clear that in Christ ‘there is no male and female' for all are one (Gal. 3.28) and they believed such a pronouncement had social implications about roles and functions. That's why in Romans 16 we not only hear about a woman ‘deacon' we even likely hear about a woman apostle named Junia (Rom. 16.7) who was a fellow Jewish Christian and co-worker with Paul along with their husband Andronicus (see Eldon Epp's book entitled Junia). But that is a conversation for another day.
Interestingly, this criminal is described by one unnamed Norwegian official as a "madman". They may well be, but this is one way that the motivations for heinous crimes can be airbrushed out of the story before they have the chance to take hold in the popular imagination.
So if a radical Muslim kills it's an act of Islamic terrorism, but if a radical Christian kills it's the act of a madman?
I would like to caution my fellow atheist bloggers against jumping to the conclusion that Anders Behring Breivik, who has now confessed to the mass-murder in Norway, must be mentally ill. I was disappointed to see some prominent atheist bloggers making this mistake. As I will explain here, there are at least four good reasons to avoid making such claims at this point in time. First, we do not yet know enough about Breivik, their history, or their mental state at the time of their terrorist act to draw conclusions about their mental health. Seeing people who hold themselves up as rational scientists already making up their mind that Breivik is "delusional and insane" is disappointing to say the least.The second reason to avoid making such claims until all the evidence is in is that they serve to reinforce the already present stigma against people with mental illness. Despite considerable research showing that persons suffering from mental illness are, on average,likely to be commit acts of violence than the rest of us, damaging public misconceptions and stereotypes abound. If it turns out to be true that Breivik was mentally ill, there will be plenty of time to discuss it. But why strengthen the stigma without first having the evidence?Third, there are many reasons why someone might do what Breivik apparently did that do not suggest mental illness. As Ibrahim Hewitt pointed out in this article for Al Jazeera Before we dismiss Breivik as crazy, there is potentially much to learn from fully examining their motives.Finally, I come to the reason I would expect most atheists to appreciate most of all. When the media thought that the perpetrator had to be a Muslim extremist, the discussion focused on Islam. As soon as it turned out that the perpetrator was likely a Christian extremist, talk about religion vanished and was replaced with wild speculations about mental illness. As Ben Tegland ( Atheist Underworld ) noted,This is a double-standard in which rational atheists should be embarrassed to participate.
A year and a half ago, Nokia(s nok) CEO Stephen Elop wrote a passionate memo to their employees, warning them that Nokia was perched dangerously atop a “burning platform” that the company had to flee in order to survive. Three product generations later, Elop may be about to realize that the company that tossed Nokia a lifeboat — Microsoft(s msft) — may be dousing that lifeboat with gasoline.
Nokia's Lumia smartphones have been critically acclaimed as one of the first true answers to the iPhone(s aapl) that were based around a unique experience, rather than a homage (or copycat, depending on your perspective) to the iPhone experience that kicked off the mobile computing renaissance. However, they have done nothing to change either Nokia or Microsoft's mobile market position, as the modern smartphone market remains a two-horse race in the U.S. according to Comscore's latest data.
Advertisement
And after Microsoft shocked the PC industry earlier this year with plans to build its own tablet based around Windows 8, persistent rumors have circulated that Microsoft also plans to build its own smartphone, which would throw the “special relationship” between Microsoft and Nokia into a new place. In an interview with GigaOM Tuesday, Elop declined to comment directly on whether Microsoft has plans to undercut their business. However, they did point out that because of the strong bet that Nokia placed in Windows Phone when no other phone maker would make more than a tepid commitment, Nokia won certain “exclusivities” that no other Windows Phone maker — not even Microsoft — has the right to duplicate.
A transcript of my interview with Elop (edited for length, clarity, and to remove all of our “ums”) follows below.
When did you learn that Microsoft was doing the Surface tablet?
I think everybody in the industry, PC manufacturers, OEMs, partners, we all heard in the days before the Surface tablet was released. We were no different than anybody else, it was in the days leading up to that announcement.
What was your reaction?
Well, I have some history with Microsoft as you know…
Just a tad.
I think I understand it, in that Microsoft wants to have the best combined experiences — hardware, software and services — to showcase what Windows is capable of. I think there is a point of view, that either through using stores of their own, creating specific hardware to highlight things, (that) they have to take steps to set a certain bar in terms of what they expect the Windows experience to be. And so to the extent that there's quite a bit of history on the PC side of things, where they understand pretty well what the OEMs will do, and the nature of the hardware, how that compares with competitors that like sitting on your lap (points at my MacBook Air), (they) need to make sure the bar is pretty well set.
On the phone side of things, we're particularly proud of the fact that with the devices we're introducing, like the Lumia 900 at CES a year ago, we're winning awards like best of show, saying this is the best that's being done. On the phone side, there's a bit of a different pattern there, particularly given the close relationship with Microsoft and Nokia.
Well there have been several reports today that suggest Microsoft is in fact building their own branded phone. They've clearly signaled an interest in doing their own hardware with Surface, and over the past months since that introduction, have been very coy about the prospect of a phone. How would that change the relationship?
The way I think about that, I don't think it changes the relationship. It's incumbent upon us at all points in time to build the world's most innovative smartphones. Which is what we believe we've done, for example, with the Lumia 920. That's something that's done based on years and years of work, and years of investment in what makes great mobile devices.
For example, the reason the Lumia 920 is standing out so well amongst the competition, one of the reasons is the imaging capability, this low-light photography capability. That's five or six years of work in our labs, engineers doing nothing else but working on that technology. Saying, “oh, this year, we're going to do our own phone,” doesn't allow you to do that. You have to make those investments over a period of time.
You are putting many of your eggs in the Microsoft basket. How do you carve out that space for Nokia, to make sure you don't lose control of the fact that at the end of the day, you have to move phones. Microsoft is licensing bits, but you have to move product.
The way we do that is that we have defined contractually and in practice, a way we operate to make sure that jointly we're setting priorities for what needs to be done, to make sure there are certain capabilities or even exclusivities that are included for Nokia products for things that are most important to us. Clearly, photography and optics are an example of things that are important to us.
They have to create an environment in which our work can be done; they have to give us the hooks. But then, the actual magic that makes optical image stabilization work, which is hardware and software, is done by Nokia engineers.
But they aren't necessarily creating custom parts of Windows Phone that are exclusive to you.
They could.
That's not what I asked. Are they doing it?
What they've done in the camera case is given hooks, capabilities that others could take advantage of, to plug things in. Of course, you need something to plug in, and we happen to have made the investment over the years in this PureView technology that can be plugged in. From our perspective, this is an important point about what we've done at Nokia, the percentage of our R&D that's focused on productive R&D–not plumbing–has gone up substantially.
What Microsoft has done with Windows Phone is created a square in which you guys can do certain things, Samsung, can do certain things, HTC can do certain things. And then the things that you do within that square are things that are unique to you. But, there isn't necessarily a Nokia build of Windows Phone.
We have rights beyond any of the other manufacturers to do unique things and to enforce certain exclusivities for our products. We don't disclose what those are, or the extent of those. But we have the ability to differentiate.
We earned that right by being the only company who said, “we are placing our primary bet on Windows Phone.” That was a specific negotiated aspect of the relationship.
If the OEM you're competing with is Microsoft, that makes the world a little more different.
We still preserve the same rights under the contract, regardless of who is making those phones. There are certain things we have rights to.
The Department of Justice is reacting to claims by mental health advocate and NDP President Mark Gruchy that the amount of food served to inmates is being cut back at HMP.
Gruchy says the so-called bread ration has been cut, something they say only adds to tensions inside the aging facility.
Gruchy says the walls in the old building are crumbling, and that inmates are able to use the material as weaponry. They told VOCM Night Line with Darryl Power that budget cutbacks have reached Them Majesty's Penitentiary.
They say that may seem like a small thing, but they say it's risky to start taking away food in a closed environment.
The Department of Justice says there are no changes or cuts to the three daily meals inmates receive at the province's correctional facilities.
The only recent change according to the department is to the types of snacks inmates receive between meals, resulting in $150,000 in savings. The department says inmates can still purchase items from the canteen.
As I cower in my Brooklyn apartment, emaciated and terrified, I can't help but think back to what a friend back in London said to me when I first told them I was getting married and moving to America. "I'll tell you what, old chap," they said as they snapped their braces and leant back on their servant. "I've met an awful lot of foreigners in my time, and most of them couldn't be more peculiar if they painted themselves puce and grew tits on their shoulders. I've lived in Belgium, for Christ's sake. But for all our shared language, Americans are the oddest of the lot. I wouldn't want to be you, my old mucker. Not for all the bumbershoots in Hertfordshire."
"Englishman in New York" has been in my head every day since I got here. God, I hate that prick.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That was three months ago. Now I find myself in a country in which we all speak the same tongue, and yet every tiny task is so fraught with misunderstanding that it's less stressful just to barricade myself indoors and live on a diet of bathroom mold and cockroaches.
Here is a sample day in the life of a foreigner in your charming fucking country.
7:00 AM: Time for tea!
Things don't start well. Staggering from the bedroom, I make a beeline for the kettle; like most Englishmen, my morning tea injection is the only thing that will reduce the shivers to a manageable level.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
However, I soon discover there is a technical problem with my wife's electric kettle: The cable is missing. Being an excellent problem solver, I hold the kettle above my head and turn it upside down, causing its cold contents to cascade onto my forehead and thence into my dressing gown, where they venture downwards past the nipples, over the Pudge Hummock and deep into the forbidding copse of pubes where no living soul should ever venture. This is not how a morning cuppa should start.
Last week, parents were told a British researcher's 1998 report linking the MMR shot to autism was fraudulent -- that this debate about vaccines and autism is now over, and parents should no longer worry about giving their children six vaccines at a single pediatric appointment or 36 by the time they are five years old.
Is that the whole story? Dr. Andrew Wakefield's study of 12 children with autism actually looked at bowel disease, not vaccines. The study's conclusion stated, "We did not prove an association between measles, mumps and rubella vaccine and the syndrome described [autism]."
Dr. Wakefield did something I wish all doctors would do: they listened to parents and reported what they said. Their paper also said that, "Onset of behavioral symptoms was associated, by the parents, with measles, mumps and rubella vaccination in 8 of the 12 children," and that, "further investigations are needed to examine this syndrome [autism with gut disease] and its possible relation to this vaccine."
Since when is repeating the words of parents and recommending further investigation a crime? As I've learned, the answer is whenever someone questions the safety of any vaccines.
For some reason, parents aren't being told that this "new" information about Dr. Wakefield isn't a medical report, but merely the allegations of a single British journalist named Brian Deer. Why does one journalist's accusations against Dr. Wakefield now mean the vaccine-autism debate is over?
One of the actual parents from the study, who talked to Generation Rescue, wondered the same thing:
How could the BMJ [British Medical Journal, publisher of Brian Deer's article] scrutinize what Brian Deer has said without looking at our children's medical notes which they are not allowed to have? This needs to be challenged.
Another parent of one of the 12 children put things even more strongly:
To hear that my son's gastrointestinal condition has been extensively refuted, by unqualified and ill-informed individuals who have never laid eyes on him, looking at and mis-interpreting scanty medical notes without the courtesy to ask for our version of our son's early childhood, flies in the face of everything that the medical community and its professional bodies seek to represent. This is especially curious as gastrointestinal issues in autism are well recognized and documented and are included in the UK government's own best practice guidelines for early investigation and treatment.
American media, why aren't we hearing from these parents? If Brian Deer's allegations are actually false, if the Lancet 12 parents stand with Dr. Wakefield, then what exactly are moms and dads supposed to think about last week's media circus?
I know children regress after vaccination because it happened to my own son. Why aren't there any tests out there on the safety of how vaccines are administered in the real world, six at a time? Why have only 2 of the 36 shots our kids receive been looked at for their relationship to autism? Why hasn't anyone ever studied completely non-vaccinated children to understand their autism rate?
These missing safety studies are causing many parents to approach vaccines with moderation. Why do other first world countries give children so many fewer vaccines than we do? What if a parent used the vaccine schedule of Denmark, Norway, Japan or Finland -- countries that give one-third the shots we do (12 shots vs. 36 in the U.S.)? Vaccines save lives, but might be harming some children -- is moderation such a terrible idea?
This debate won't end because of one dubious reporter's allegations. I have never met stronger women than the moms of children with autism. Last week, this hoopla made us a little stronger, and even more determined to fight for the truth about what's happening to our kids.
Bitcoin.com Adds A Dedicated Warrant Canary
Bitcoin.com has announced its ‘Warrant Canary' page and is encouraging all cryptocurrency related websites and related organizations to follow suit. This website owned by Saint Bitts LLC, and its related subdomains, feels that privacy is of great importance in this age of technology and that our users' personal information should be at the top of that list. Contributors to the Bitcoin page have designated a special section on our domain to host the message. It reads:
“Since our beginnings in 2015, Saint Bitts LLC, Bitcoin.com, and all related subdomains, have received and complied with 0 (zero) government demands for information. If this notice disappears from our website, it will mean that we have been served with some sort of legal demand that requires our secrecy.”
A warrant canary is a method by which an online service provider informs its users that the provider has not been contacted by the government, primarily through the use of “secret subpoenas”. This measure was invented within the writings of 18 U.S.C. §2709(c) of the USA Patriot Act contains “gag orders” preventing online service providers certain criterias of disclosure to its user base. The warrants message can be used to hold dates and times if a communication provider has been contacted by officials. Warrant canaries are legal in the United States and most of the UK. However, Australia has issued a policy against certain types of warrants canaries. There are hundreds of tech companies which utilize these disclosures such as Adobe, Medium, CloudFlare and others. There are also services like Apple, who have once had a canary message on their site but have since removed it, causing alarm.
Also Read: Official Bitcoin.com Forum Launch: Your Chance to Win 1,000 USD in Bitcoin!
The first commercial use of the warrant canaries was by the tech company Wickr which is a private messaging service. Soon many companies followed the initiative such as rsync.net, who posted their own canary and also confirmed the action with a digital signature. In another instance, the private messaging service Surespot at one time had a warrant canary but then removed it from their site, receiving national attention. Due to this information, Surespot's developers were questioned but remained silent this past June giving suspicion to surveillance. It's not known exactly how many Bitcoin businesses are using these messages to inform their users, but Bitcoin.com has found that Coinfire.io has a dedicated canary on their website. We feel that Bitcoin websites and services should form in solidarity against unwarranted court orders as well as data collection. At Bitcoin.com, we feel that data collection is a very important subject today and thank leaders like Erik Voorhees for creating such efforts as Please Protect Consumers.org and their commitment to users. Voorhees said to the press: “The only way to be sure you don't leak data is not to collect or retain it.” and we applaud them for this message. So just as we don't agree with governments reaping consumers' data without permission, we also want our users to know if these entities pry into your business.
This idea of posting such material as to thwart nondisclosure requirements of court orders and secretly served warrants was first initiated on the cypherpunk mailing list. Following the great cypherpunks and cyber-libertarians, the team at Bitcoin.com will continue to provide the utmost transparency on all things Bitcoin-related especially when it comes to federally enforced demands. If we do get threats imposed by officials you will know about this news immediately. As an online communications provider we feel it's our duty to inform people about government's wrongdoings such as massive data collections and meddling in the private affairs of journalism and businesses in general.
There is a full discussion happening on our forums about warrant canaries and Bitcoin companies who do and do not use them. Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Pixbay, and Redmemes
Toronto police say they're looking for a grey Hyundai Genesis after multiple people in an east-end parking lot were struck. Emergency crews were called to the McCowan and Ellesmere roads area at around 2:45 a.m. Saturday with reports of a vehicle fleeing a parking lot fight. Police said it drove through up to 10 people. Four people were taken to the hospital. A teenage boy is among the victims and is suffering from serious head injuries. Police closed the parking area for the investigation. Officers said the Hyundai may have front end damage.
Fight Ellesmere Rd & McCowan Rd, multiple people involved. Vehicle struck people and fled the scene. Witnesses call 416-808-4300 ^ma — Toronto Police OPS (@TPSOperations) May 13, 2017
Approx 10 people hit by a fleeing car during a fight in a parking lot at McCowan & Ellesmere Rds. Several to hospital, some seriously hurt. pic.twitter.com/HwsscKKdRg — Jeremy Cohn (@JeremyGlobalTV) May 13, 2017
Dog Show Reporter Fired After Breedist Tweet
Gus Tate Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 13, 2017
NEW YORK, NY—Responding to overwhelming outrage in the Twitter community yesterday, Animal Planet officially terminated their relationship with longtime canine journalist Kate Bergman.
Just hours before, while covering the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, Bergman posted a tweet which many decried as “ignorant” and “breedist”:
Australian shepherds always dominate the agility competition. They're just faster and more athletic than other dogs! -@kbergmantv
Within minutes, thousands of angry retweets and responses followed:
Wow. Just wow. This is what breedism looks like, folks! ☝☝️☝️ -️@marc_tapper
Breed is a social construct resulting from centuries of prejudice against marginalized kennels. Wake up and join the right side of history, Bergman-@hueydingleberry
Ever notice when corgis win we call them “intelligent” but when Australian shepherds win we call them “athletic”? So sick of breedist reporting in dog shows. #firethatbitch -@justinbeiber
In response to the controversy, Animal Planet communications manager Linda Reade issued the following statement:
We apologize for the unacceptable breedist tweet that was sent by one of our reporters. Kate Bergman is no longer an employee of Animal Planet. The judgment of animals purely based on breed or species does NOT represent what we believe nor what we stand for. We hope you will accept our profound apologies.
In a public statement released today, Westminster Kennel Club director Andrew Hamilton expressed their support for Animal Planet's decision.
“The WKC has always had a zero tolerance policy for breedism,” said Hamilton. “Dogs are to be judged by their intelligence, character, training, height, weight, coat, eye color, ear shape, haunches, tail, and testicles, but never their breed.”
Welcome back to Side B(.A.P). Obviously we're focusing on the Matoki warriors from TS Entertainment this go around. Last time we did a B.A.P Side B, it focused on their ballads. As a group, B.A.P started off with a heavy hip hop influence but throughout the years have shown themselves to be versatile. From rock to jazz to ballads and dance, the group has challenged several genres. Despite the variety, B.A.P has consistently delivered songs with a message that goes beyond love or heartbreak to ones that make you think, and these are the songs we're going to focus on today.
Starting with Rose, we find “Dystopia.” At first it sounds like a song about broken hardheartedness but that's just the surface presentation. Rock-influenced, it takes what would be a breakup song for the ages and relates it to the world as a whole. In this world, even when you feel like you've found the perfect place for you, you have to realize there is no such thing. Whether it's a break up, finding out your boss has a personal vendetta against you, or you realized your best friend is not the person you thought they were, it's important to try to look at things as they are and not as you have built them up to be.
“Ribbon in the Sky” has always hit me as feeling Kanye West-esque. Between the chanting and the high notes in the climax, the song has a high level of drama to it. It's a song that starts off high and continues, making it a stand out in Noir. In the midst of all this is a call to break against the system. In particular, rapper Zelo‘s verse talks about opening your eyes wide against the disgusting system. The theatrics of the song lend itself to being a battle cry.
Another gem from Noir is “Confession,” the Bang & Zelo collab we've been waiting for since “Never Give Up.” The rap line takes turns talking about anger and fear, and how negative emotions hold you back. It is raw, honest, and lives up to its name in intention. An alternate translation for the song's title is “Prayer” and the motif definitely sticks as the rappers chant together:
Give me courage, love and wisdom
Please give me the light
So I can breathe
“Thou who wishes to wear the crown, shall bear its burden.” At its core, “Kingdom” is more of a cautionary tale than giving words of advice. It has the same rallying cry to stand up, fight for what you believe in, and be the change you want to see, but focuses on continuing the fight after you've made the first step. For more of a dance-influenced track, the song manages to be serious without being overbearing. The Japanese version is included here because the song was originally released on the group's Japanese album Best.Absolute.Perfect. And because the video is amazing.
As a bonus track, I'm including “Monologue” from Matrix. The intro to the album, it was B.A.P's return to the world after the awful mess of a lawsuit in 2014/2015. It embodies one of the group's main ideals: that we are all stronger together. Going all the way back to their debut with “Warrior,” B.A.P has never shied away from talking about society, youth, or the world at large and it's good to see that over the years they continue to stay true to their ideals as they evolve as musicians.
(Lyrics via ColorCodedLyrics, YouTube [1][2][3][4], Images via TS Entertainment)
I'm not sure how much more I'll be writing about context behaviours (no, I still haven't really decided between context steering and context behaviours), so I've made this post as a way to wrap everything up.
I started by discussing exactly where and why steering behaviours start to break down:
Steering Behaviours are Doing It Wrong
I then explain how context steering (see) fixes these problems:
Context Behaviours Know How To Share
I made both of these blog posts into a talk at GDC 2013 (see second half of video) and going into much more depth in an AIGameDev broadcast.
Finally I compare context-map-based navigation (no?) to an old paper, which seems superficially similar:
DAMN Behaviours and Context Steering
I'll update this post with any more articles and how they fit in.
Advertisements
* Says primary goal is 12 percent core capital ratio
* CEO says could imagine 20-25 pct payout ratio
* Shares rise more than 9 pct on revamp plan (Adds quotes and background)
By Michael Shields
VIENNA, Feb 10 (Reuters) - Raiffeisen Bank International will put strengthening its capital position ahead of dividend payouts, it said on Tuesday, as emerging Europe's second-biggest lender scales back following decades of expansion in central and eastern Europe.
The revamp will see the Austrian bank sell operations in Poland and Slovenia and cut back in Russia in a drive to boost a key capital target to 12 percent of risk-weighted assets (RWAs) by the end of 2017 from 10 percent now.
Raiffeisen shares, which hit record lows last month amid concerns about its financial strength, rose as much as 9.2 percent and were up 7.5 percent at 12.245 euros by 1410 GMT, within a bank sector index up 0.6 percent.
The bank, which trails only UniCredit Bank Austria in the region, will not pay shareholders a dividend on 2014 results, when it lost nearly 500 million euros ($565 million) amid hits from Ukraine and Hungary.
It is counting on retained earnings to boost its capital ratio by around 1.2 percentage points, which means it will be careful about payouts to shareholders led by Raiffeisen Zentralbank, its unlisted parent.
“The primary goal is to achieve a 12 percent common equity tier 1 ratio,” Chief Executive Karl Sevelda told a conference call with analysts that the bank said drew 1,100 listeners.
“On the long run I could imagine that we could agree — but course this has to be discussed also with our supervisory board — on a payout ratio maybe of around 20 to 25 percent (of earnings),” they added.
Top Raiffeisen officials, who won't get a bonus after the 2014 loss, said they picked the 12 percent target after informal signals from regulators that this would be the new normal for all big banks in Europe.
The group gave no forecasts for this year ahead of full results next month, but said most markets held up well last year. Its Russian business made a 342 million euro profit, and earned more than 30 million in January, it said.
Raiffeisen said the sale of its Slovenian unit was at an advanced stage and it was confident of getting a “decent” price above book value for its Polish arm, which has 1.44 billion euros in equity.
However, Credit Suisse analysts were concerned whether the planned reduction in RWAs would be fast enough for regulators, or to boost the profitability levels of the remaining business. They rate the stock “neutral”.
Raiffeisen said it aimed to cut costs by 20 percent from their level at the end of last year as part of the revamp, which would trigger 500-550 million euros in restructuring costs.
Will blockchain technology disrupt venture capital?
While not long ago that may have sound far-fetched, now more and more blockchain industry leaders are betting it could be a possibility.
Blockchain token sales – sometimes known as initial coin offerings or ‘ICOs' – raised over $100m in funding in 2016, and as participation in these events increases, so does interest in what was once a niche blockchain use case.
Entrepreneurs are now seeking to leverage ICOs to quickly launch apps and gain users for software projects. At present, though, it still isn't clear if the funding method's full impact will be realized.
The industry seems divided on the future of blockchain token sales (with some questioning their legality altogether). Indeed, the very question of whether regulators should more strictly monitor the market has the potential to become a big focus ahead.
So, what are your thoughts on the ICO market? Why not click the link below and let us know in our quick survey?
<<< We Need Your Feedback >>>
The results of the survey will be analyzed and published in CoinDesk Research's forthcoming State of Blockchain 2016 report.
Printing press image via Shutterstock
On the day a new logo design is launched for a familiar brand, the first reactions are usually overwhelmingly negative. Once some time has passed and the new design has entered daily use, though, it can be a different story.
So here we take a look back at the biggest brands to release a new logo in 2015. Now you've got used to them, what do you really think of them? Let us know in the comments below!
01. Medium
The new Medium logo has been described as a game or a puzzle
October saw the launch of Medium 2.0, a redesign of the popular publishing platform that reaches across mobile and web. In the wake of its release, Medium CEO Ev Williams says that the new three-dimensional logo "better reflects the depth of perspective you can find on Medium. It also just looks cool."
The new logo is a mssive departure from the previous design, which saw Medium represented by a blocky, serifed Stag typeface. Erich Nagier, Medium's art director, defends the controversial rebranding by describing the geometric logo as "a delightful game or a deeply satisfying puzzle."
However the new look has not satisfied everyone, with online critics attacking the inconsitent shapes and demanding the return of the old logo. None of these comments have diminished the popularity of Medium though, which is sure to continue encouraging conversations in 2016.
02. Amaze
This living logo reacts to motion and sound
Taking responsive design to a whole new level, the Amaze logo is a 'living' piece of branding that reacts to the movements and sounds of the user. Created by the agency to celebrate two decades of digital innovation, this fluid logo is made up of more than 10,000 polygons to produce smooth animations.
Amaze CEO Natalie Gross says: "We're fascinated by the combination of technology and human behaviour, and are deeply passionate about creativity borne out of multi-disciplinary people and teams. The new brand mark embodies both of these values."
By using webcams and microphones to manipulate the logo, users can play around with the design on desktop and mobile devices. Could we be seeing more interactive branding like this next year?
03. Channel 4
Brody Associates designed the new Channel 4 typeface
Don't panic, the recent Channel 4 rebrand hasn't thrown away its signature blocky logo. (It seems some designs just can't be improved) However the update of the channel's idents has also produced this one-of-a-kind wordmark that looks like it's being peeled off the screen.
Hitting UK screens back in September, this rebrands by DBLG and SQUA represents the biggest change to Channel 4's aesthetics in a decade.
Finished off with the new unique typeface by Brody Associates, the new look harks back to the broacdaster's remit of focusing on diversity and taking creative risks.
04. DKNY
The new DKNY logo was revealed on Instagram
September also saw DKNY saying goodbye to its old look as it revealed this sleek ribboned logo on Instagram. With maturity being the fashion house's focus for 2016, it made sense to introduce a new brand identity to match.
As it aims to sell to women instead of girls next year, DKNY decided to opt for a subdued typeface to reflect their change of direction. Now represented by an elegant Franklin Gothic typeface, the logo's creator Maxwell Osborne says the "bold American font" will help DKNY to become "its own icon."
05. Kraft Heinz
Two brands merge into one distinctive logo
Heinz and Kraft foods are known the world over by millions of shoppers, with the logos of the two biggest food processors a handy sign that shoppers are in for a quality canned meal.
Upon merging in July, the companies took a very literal approach when it came to their rebranding. The straightforward Kraft Heinz Company is represented by the two distinctive logos that are joined by tapered serifs.
While some have seen this rebrand as uncreative, this new logo and business name won't confuse shoppers. It also means both companies get to trade on each others glowing reputations, win win!
06. Google
Google has had a bottom-up rebranding, and it's provoked plenty of opinion
It comes as no surprise that Google's redesigned logo caused a bit of a stir when it launched at the start of September. When you're the world's most visited website, everything you do is going to be picked apart by online commentators.
The tech giant's latest logo represents the biggest rebranding since around 1999, when the search engine had settled on the thin flowing letters that millions now instantly associate with internet exploration.
Now with flat shapes and sharp colours, Google works better across a multitude of platforms, most notably the new 'G' logo which brings together all of the colourways. The company's playful attitude is also hinted at in the cheeky slanting 'e'. Our online overlords have never looked so friendly.
07. Verizon
The new logo has caused instant controversy
At the same time Google revamped its logo, America's largest telecommunications provider Verizon updated their signature wordmark design. But whereas Google's simplicity was welcomed, Verizon seemed to take it too far for many.
Designed by Pentagram, the new Verizon logo was deliberately crafted to not be flashy or showy, which it certainly isn't. While 'less is more' is a mantra drummed into designers everywhere, the simple type and a timid red tick irratated a lot of people.
However, if their aim was to become an easily adaptable, ubiquitous part of American life, Verizon have improved on their previous design.
The old logo
With its gradient shading, irregular shape and highlighted 'z', the old Verizon logo seemed like it was trying to do too much at once. Perhaps It's time they settled down with this more sensible design.
08. Hillary Clinton
Hillary's logo generated a huge social media response
In possibly the least surprising political story of the year, Hillary Clinton declared she's officially running for US President. What was more surprising, though, was the new logo they released along with the announcement.
Created by Pentagram, the new design set social media blaze, with commentors pointing to the logo's similarity to both the WikiLeaks logo and a hospital sign; the irony of the arrow pointing to the right; and even some bad-taste jokes about the Twin Towers.
Lots of designers joined in the fun, coming up with their own alternative designs for the Hillary logo. Creative Bloq readers joined in the fun with their own, tongue-in-cheek versions of the logo - check them out in the comments at the bottom of this news story.
09. Facebook
The new Facebook logo: a subtle but distinctive change
Earlier this year came the latest update to the Facebook logo – a subtle tweaking of its iconic Klavika typeface.
Frequent users will be familiar with the social media platform rolling out new logo redesigns. But this was the first time the company had changed its logo's typeface since it launched as 'Thefacebook' way back in 2004.
Old logo - can you spot the difference?
The new typeface was a collaborative effort between Facebook's own in-house design team and Process Type Foundry's Eric Olson.
The new logo was revealed in a Tweet
Obvious changes to the font include a single-deck 'a' and a more organic stem on the letter 'b', while the all important 'f' remains instantly recognisable.
Next page: more logo designs of 2015...
BETHESDA, MD - April 8, 2014 - Technical objections to the idea that Neandertals interbred with the ancestors of Eurasians have been overcome, thanks to a genome analysis method described in the April 2014 issue of the journal GENETICS. The technique can more confidently detect the genetic signatures of interbreeding than previous approaches and will be useful for evolutionary studies of other ancient or rare DNA samples.
"Our approach can distinguish between two subtly different scenarios that could explain the genetic similarities shared by Neandertals and modern humans from Europe and Asia," said study co-author Konrad Lohse, a population geneticist at the University of Edinburgh.
The first scenario is that Neandertals occasionally interbred with modern humans after they migrated out of Africa. The alternative scenario is that the humans who left Africa evolved from the same ancestral subpopulation that had previously given rise to the Neandertals.
Many researchers argue the interbreeding scenario is more likely, because it fits the genetic patterns seen in studies that compared genomes from many modern humans. But the new approach completely rules out the alternative scenario without requiring all the extra data, by using only the information from one genome each of several types: Neandertal, European/Asian, African and chimpanzee.
The same method will be useful in other studies of interbreeding where limited samples are available. "Because the method makes maximum use of the information contained in individual genomes, it is particularly exciting for revealing the history of species that are rare or extinct," said Lohse. In fact, the authors originally developed the method while studying the history of insect populations in Europe and island species of pigs in South East Asia, some of which are extremely rare.
Lohse cautions against reading too much into the fact that the new method estimates a slightly higher genetic contribution of Neandertals to modern humans than previous studies. Estimating this contribution is complex and is likely to vary slightly between different approaches.
"This work is important because it closes a hole in the argument about whether Neandertals interbred with humans. And the method can be applied to understanding the evolutionary history of other organisms, including endangered species," said Mark Johnston, Editor-in-Chief of the journal GENETICS.
###
CITATION: The final version of the article will be published online on April 10, at 9 AM US EDT. Until then, an Early Online version is available at: http://www. genetics. org/ content/ early/ 2014/ 02/ 10/ genetics. 114. 162396. full. pdf
K. Lohse and L.A.F. Frantz. Neandertal Admixture in Eurasia Confirmed by Maximum Likelihood Analysis of Three Genomes. Genetics April 2014 196:1241-1251 doi:10.1534/genetics.114.162396 http://www. genetics. org/ content/ 196/ 4/ 1241
FUNDING: This work was supported by the National Environmental Research Council UK.
ABOUT GENETICS: Since 1916, GENETICS has published high quality, original research on a range of topics bearing on inheritance, including population and evolutionary genetics, complex traits, developmental and behavioral genetics, cellular genetics, gene expression, genome integrity and transmission, and genome and systems biology. A peer-reviewed and peer-edited publication of the Genetics Society of America, GENETICS is one of the world's most cited journals in genetics and heredity.
If you've ever wanted to go do something amazing for your business like…
Go meet a potential partner in person
Go to a huge industry seminar and get the ammo you need to launch your big idea
Show up on that BIG prospect's door on the other side of the country and close the deal that would be the turning point for your business
Get one-on-one training from an expert you admire
…but the distance and the cost of getting there was too much of a barrier for you – I have good news for you.
I'm going to smash that barrier and put you in a position to go do those things!
Before I get all jazzed up and start my enthusiastic rant, just watch the video. (I'll rant later)
Pretty cool, right?
I'm stoked and I won't even be going on the trip!
So there are 4 things I'd really appreciate you doing for me:
1: If you're not already an insider – become one today by using the form below. Insiders get updates, my free eBook, and a promise of not being spammed to death.
2: Use the social sharing icons below to a) Like Reboot Authentic on Facebook; and b) Tweet this post. Help spread the word!
3: If you like the idea of this giveaway, please go give it a like here on YouTube as well.
4: Tell everyone you know personally who could benefit from free airfare about the giveaway. Send them here.
See, the whole Purpose of this is to give one lucky person with a great idea an opportunity to go make something amazing happen. So get ready to enter – and if you can't use the trip please tell someone who can.
Get ready to tell your story on the 31st. The judges and I will be waiting!
Good luck to you!
“Round three: President Obama and me, your humble correspondent,” Bill O'Reilly said in tonight's Talking Points Memo.
The O'Reilly Factor host will interview Obama live on Super Bowl Sunday at 4:30 p.m. EST during the pre-game show. This is the third time that O'Reilly will interview the president.
Jesse Watters Asks Hollywood: Are the Stars Unhappy With Obama?
After the live shot, Obama and O'Reilly will continue their interview, and the taped segment will air on "The O'Reilly Factor" the next night on Feb. 3.
“Whatever happens happens. This is the ultimate journalistic high wire,” they said.
Bill O'Reilly Reacts to Robert Gates' Claims on Obama in New Book
“On a personal note, the president told me man-to-man in December that they would do the interview, and they have kept their word,” O'Reilly said. “He doesn't have to do the interview. They know it's gonna be a tough one, and he's coming in anyway, so we're happy about that.”
O'Reilly said they will ask the president one question from the viewers. If you have a question you'd like to ask Obama, email oreilly@foxnews.com.
Video of motorcyclist tragically killed after pulling wheelie in Chichester released
This video shows the moment an experienced motorcyclist is tragically killed after pulling a wheelie and crashing near Goodwood in Chichester.
The footage, taken from the rider's camera fitted to their Suzuki, has been released with the support of their family to highlight the risks and the impact of antisocial riding.
It has been issued ahead of the NPCC's (National Police Chiefs' Council) National Motorcycle Week of Action, which runs from Monday (28 August) to Sunday (3 September).
The campaign, which is being supported by Surrey and Sussex Police, aims to reduce the number of collisions involving motorcyclists through education and enforcement.
Sergeant Phil Badman, of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit (RPU), said: “This was a tragic incident and some viewers may find this footage distressing, however it has been released with the full support of the victim's family. It is intended to show what can happen when you are not fully in control of your bike. Motorbikes are powerful machines and they should be treated as such; failing to do so can lead to devastating consequences.”
The victim, a 50-year-old man from Surrey, had been riding for a number of years prior to the fatal collision in Claypit Lane, Chichester, at about 11.55am on 7 August 2016.
They had been out on their bike with friends when they pulled a wheelie, causing them to lose control and fall into the path of an oncoming van. They were tragically pronounced dead at the scene.
Sgt Badman added: “The victim was an experienced rider who had enjoyed numerous outings with fellow bikers prior to this incident. They and their friends were all wearing the appropriate clothing and safety equipment, and no one anticipated that this ride would be theirs last.
“It was undoubtedly a hugely traumatic experience for all parties involved, and our thoughts remain with them.”
Motorcyclists remain the most vulnerable road users in the UK, accounting for approximately 20 per cent of all road deaths despite making up just 1 per cent of total road traffic.
The latest statistics available show that between January and June this year, a total of eight motorcyclists have been killed in collisions in Sussex; a further 102 have been seriously injured.
In comparison, four motorcyclists were killed and 102 seriously injured during the same period in 2016.
Surrey and Sussex RPU, working in partnership with Sussex Safer Roads Partnership and DriveSmart in Surrey, is committed to reducing that number.
Sergeant Badman said: “There are a number of ways motorcyclists can be safer on our roads – ride with your lights on, wear the appropriate clothing for increased visibility and protection, consider your position in the road, and most importantly, ride safely and sensibly. We want motorcyclists to enjoy their ride, but also to make sure their next journey is not their last.
“There are a range of courses available for motorcyclists to improve their riding ability, such as BikeSafe, run by Sussex Safer Roads Partnership, Biker Down, run by East Sussex and West Sussex Fire and Rescue Services, and RoadSmart, run by the Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM).
“It is important to add that other road users also have a responsibility to be aware of motorcyclists and take the necessary precautions, such as checking mirrors, looking both ways at junctions and being aware of what's around you.”
As part of the National Motorcycle Week of Action, officers will carry out dedicated patrols and respond to incidents of antisocial riding, and any motorists caught committing offences will be dealt with.
Dangerous or antisocial driving or riding can be reported online via Operation Crackdown.
The Loblaws grocery chain is offering discounts of as much as 30 per cent for misshapen or small fruits and vegetables as part of a launch of a new line of no-name brand produce.
Starting with apples and potatoes, products under the "Naturally Imperfect" line were first put on sale last week at Real Canadian Superstores, some No Frills locations in Ontario and some Maxi stores in Quebec.
The so-called ugly produce would have otherwise been used in juices, sauces or soups, or may not have been harvested at all, the company said in a statement.
Last year, CBC Ottawa All in a Day yournewskw@cbc.ca. host Alan Neal asked listeners to send us pictures of their favourite finds of unfortunate produce. Do you have photos of funky produce? Email us at Previous Next All in a Day
It is a good move toward reducing food waste, said Michael von Massow, an associate professor at the University of Guelph.
"As we start doing this, we can see what works and what doesn't work, what consumers will buy, what consumers won't buy,” says von Massow. “Hopefully, we'll see consumers get excited about the opportunity, and it will expand to further products."
They think that this move to sell odd produce can help change consumer behaviour.
"Our research says that the more we think about waste, the more we're aware of waste, the less we throw out," said von Massow. "As Ontarians we throw out about 4½ kilos of food a week, half of that is fruits and vegetables."
Von Massow added that retailers in other countries, such as InterMarche in France, have started selling ugly produce with success.
And It's not just consumers who will benefit — von Massow said that it's likely grocery stores will see a similar margin on the misshapen food as regular produce, so the discount won't affect their bottom lines.
Packers Blog The Journal Sentinel's team of Packers beat writers provide the latest news, notes and analysis SHARE
By of the
Green Bay - Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers actually thought there was room for improvement after the Packers beat the Vikings, 42-10 Thursday night in Lambeau.
"Offensively, we [were] a little stagnant tonight," said Rodgers in their post-game press conference. "We didn't have a lot of attempts in the passing game and didn't execute very well on third down. But the bright spots: we were 4-for-4 in the red zone and we got Eddie [Lacy] and James [Starks] going.”
Rodgers also threw their 200th career touchdown pass - to rookie Davante Adams - in the second quarter of this, their 99th game. They reached the 200 milestone the second fastest of any NFL player. Dan Marino achieved 200 TDs in 89 games.
“My 100th touchdown was in Atlanta and James [Jones] threw the ball about 80 rows up, and 200 was to Davante [Adams]," said Rodgers. "[It was] their first touchdown [and] I'm not going to take their ball, so hopefully I can get to 300 and throw it to a guy who's caught a touchdown before so I can keep that one.”
Rodgers also noted that running back Eddie Lacy was very effiecient with their 13 carries.
“It was good for them and the offensive line to have the kind of day we had," said Rodgers. "We had 160-ish [rushing] yards, which is very good, our best output of the season. Eddie [went] over 100 yards, we needed that. The more we can get them going, the more play-action comes off of that. He's a bruising back and we need to find a way to keep them healthy and keep their legs juiced, and that's why we're going to use James [Starks] and DuJuan [Harris] at times. But anytime you can get Eddie in space like we did today, good things happen.”
Are these Baylor's oldest living alumni?
The Baylor campus was a far different place in the early 1930s. For starters, almost the entire Baylor campus fit between Fifth and Seventh streets, bounded by Speight to the west and Waco Creek to the east. Instead of the SUB, there was a football field. Pat Neff was the new university president, not a building, and the newest facility on campus was Woman's Memorial Dormitory. (For reference, here's a campus map from 1939.)
Hard to imagine, right? But there are at least two Baylor Bears alive who don't need to imagine it — because they lived it. At 105 years old, Geneva McCulloch Hughes, BA '31, and McDonald W. Held, BA '33, are believed to be Baylor's oldest living alumni.
Geneva Hughes, or “Maw Maw” as their family knows her, graduated from Baylor in 1931. That same year they were named May Queen — a big campus honor in the days before Baylor had a Homecoming Queen. They had chatted on occasion with then-Baylor President Samuel Palmer Brooks, whose infamous Immortal Message was read at their graduation ceremony. In the speech's most famous line, Brooks told that it was “to you I hand the torch” — and hand the torch Hughes did, to their son and grandson, each of whom would also earn Baylor degrees.
After graduation, Hughes worked as an elementary school teacher in Marlin (just outside Waco) for more than 50 years. Baylor President Ken Starr paid a visit to Hughes a few years ago and listened to stories of 1930s Baylor life. At 105, their memory is not as sharp as it once was, but some things are never forgotten. Before Judge Starr left, they joined their family in singing “That Good Old Baylor Line.” Hughes put them claw up and sang every word. “It made us cry, the way they were singing it,” says their son, Mac Hughes, BBA '73. “I think (President Starr) kind of shed a tear, too.”
Four months older than Hughes, “Don” Held's first semester at Baylor was during the stock market crash of November 1929. They played first-year student football and basketball under student coach Weir Washam, who two years earlier had survived the Immortal Ten bus accident. Held was president of the junior class, a member of Chamber and president of the Baptist Student Union, where George W. Truett would sometimes speak for Wednesday night services in the brand-new Waco Hall. Held graduated in 1933, just one year after the first “All-University Day” (now Diadeloso).
Held's father, a popular Baptist preacher, Austrian immigrant and missionary to European immigrants in Waco, graduated from Baylor with Pat Neff. Don's younger brother Colbert graduated in 1938 and later served as a professor of history and Diplomat-in-Residence at Baylor. (Coincidentally, Colbert now lives less than a mile from Hughes here in Waco.)
Sic 'em, Baylor centenarians!
[Know of an even older Baylor graduate? Let us know!]
Ukiyo-e Heroes online store is now open:
If you missed our Kickstarter campaign, don't worry! You can find all the same woodblock prints and giclées at our online store: ukiyoeheroes.com
Update Log
Our updates have been consolidated on the Update Page.
The Goal
We're determined to create a complete series of hand-made Japanese woodblock prints, just like they were made hundreds of years ago.
Jed Henry has already finished 12 stunning designs, lovingly researched and executed in the Japanese ukiyo-e style. Our woodblock printmaker, David Bull, has carved and printed proofs of our first piece: Rickshaw Cart. If we meet our financial goal, we can produce a run of Rickshaw Cart prints. If we exceed our goal, we'll turn more of Jed's designs into woodblock prints.
This is truly a unique art project. There are only a handful of people on earth who know the ancient techniques of Japanese woodblock printmaking, and David is premier among them. He's dedicated 30 years to honing their craft. We're lucky to have their immense talent on board.
Before we go any further, we'd like to explain our vision a little more.
日本の皆様：ページの一番下に、漫画で分かりやすく、Kickstarterの「参加方法」が、のっています！
日本語字幕ビデオ
What is Ukiyo-e Heroes?
A ton of fun, that's what! Ukiyo-e Heroes is a parody art project that follows the long tradition of popular art in Japan.
For hundreds of years, Japanese woodblock printmakers worked in a thriving popular art scene. Their prints depicted heroes, villains and monsters, spanning every genre from satire, to romance, to horror. It was all part of Ukiyo, or Floating World culture. Inventive and fast-paced, Ukiyo culture was the big movement of its day. That tradition has continued through the centuries, down to our modern day, where Japan is still known for its vibrant creativity. This heritage is especially evident in Japan's video game industry. Boss fights. Invulnerable heroes. Holy swords. Even the classic double-jump can be traced back to medieval Japanese legends.
Long story short: the Japanese games we love are just the new chapter in an ancient, enduring culture.
To celebrate Japan's contribution to video games, illustrator Jed Henry has taken their favorite game characters, and returned them to the ukiyo-e style. Modern costuming has been traded for the medieval, but the essence of each character remains, proving that you can't take the Ukiyo out of these modern pop icons.
Meet the Artists
Jed Henry is an illustrator, lifelong gamer, Japanophile, and all-around nerd. They grew up copying art from game manuals, and years later, eventually got a degree in animation. They now illustrate children's books, and dreams up crazy projects like Ukiyo-e Heroes. Jed lived in Tokyo for 2 years, and proudly speaks Japanese at about a 4-year-old level. Jed divides their time between drawing, their family, and wishing they were back in Japan.
Dave Bull has been in Tokyo since before Jed was born (!) having gone there to learn what they could about the craft of traditional woodblock printmaking, and has been making their living at it for nearly 25 years now. For most of that time, they worked as a solo craftsman (carving, printing, self-publishing), but for the past couple of years has been working with younger people to train them in the techniques, under the umbrella of their Mokuhankan publishing venture.
Jed's Designs
Here are Jed's 12 designs. All of them are available as high-quality digital prints. Currently, Rickshaw Cart, Fox Moon, The Hero Rests, Infestation, Soul Eater, Yokai Dracul, and I Choose You! are available as hand-made woodblock prints.
You can see larger versions over on this page.
Our Prints
Giclée Prints
All of Jed's designs are available as high-end giclée prints. These are professionally produced on large printers, with archival inks and a very high quality, acid-free Japanese washi, with four full deckle edges. Every giclée print will be signed and sealed by Jed. They are 12" x 17" in size, a format called Ōban(大判), which has been used for centuries.
Woodblock Prints
Let's let Jed tell this part of the story: "I knew my visual ideas could be produced as digitally printed posters, but I didn't want to stop there – I also wanted to create actual woodblock prints. So I contacted my friend Dave Bull in Tokyo, to see what advice they could offer. I was in luck. Dave was so excited about my designs, they immediately offered to make a print of one. They jumped right in and began work, even though I could not guarantee that we would be able to sell them. The blocks for this design are now carved and ready, and Dave has produced some proofs for me."
And here we have one of those proof copies of the first woodblock print in the series, the 'Rickshaw Cart' design:
The handmade woodblock prints measure 7" x 9", or koban (小判) size. Each print will be signed, dated, and sealed by Jed. David will emboss every print with the names of each craftsman involved in its creation.
Here are links to a series of closeup shots of the print: [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6]
NEW WOODBLOCK DESIGNS!
Because of your support, we've been able to add these designs as woodblock prints:
Rickshaw Cart
Fox Moon
The Hero Rests
Infestation
Soul Eater
Yokai Dracul
I Choose You!
You can see our schedule for releasing other designs here.
We've also prepared a video showing the step-by-step printing process.
Dave and the printers in their workshop are now waiting to see how much interest there will be from Jed's fans in having some of these prints made. The preparation is all done; where we go from here will be up to the fans!
Special Kickstarter extra - Chibi Heroes!
We've worked hard to give you the coolest designs possible, and we're sure you'll love our main line of giclée prints. But we're not stopping there – we're on a crusade to help everyone understand just how amazing Dave's handmade prints are. So we came up with the idea of producing some 'Chibi Heroes'. These are affordable, small-scale woodblock prints (about 2 1/2" x 6 1/2"), printed on the same beautiful hand-made paper as Dave's regular work. They feature Jed's playful sketches of the same video game heroes.
A whole series of these will be available later, but we'll start the ball rolling with these first two: let's call them 'Hammer' ... and ... 'Bow'!
Rewards
Note: Your specific choice of designs will be handled in the order survey, which we'll send after the campaign ends.
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________ _________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
_________________________________________________
For more rewards, please see the list on the right.
_________________________________________________
Closing Thoughts
A Closing Comment from Dave Bull
Annapolis, MD -(AmmoLand.com)- Yesterday, Maryland Shall Issue, Altantic Guns of Rockville and Silver Spring, MD, and several individual citizens of Maryland filed suit in federal district court in Baltimore, challenging every aspect of the Handgun Qualification License (HQL) requirements imposed by the Firearm Safety Act of 2013, and the implementing regulations and practices imposed by the Maryland State Police in 2013.
A copy of the complaint, as filed in court, can be found HERE on the Maryland Shall Issue website.
Briefly summarized, the suit alleges that the Handgun Qualification License requirements, both as set forth in the statute, and as implemented by the Maryland State Police, violate the Second Amendment of the Constitution.
By placing unjustifiable and overwhelming burdens on the right of law-abiding citizens to purchase a handgun for the home. The suit further alleges that aspects of the statute and the regulations violate the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment by, among other things, imposing such vague requirements that citizens are exposed to a profound risk of discriminatory and arbitrary arrest and prosecution.
Finally, the suit directly attacks the regulations issued by the Maryland State Police on a variety of state law grounds.
Those regulations and practices impose even more onerous requirements, not required by the statute, and are thus illegal under well-established principles of Maryland administrative law.
The HQL requirements, particularly as implemented by the State Police, were intended to create as many obstacles to the purchase of a handgun as possible and thus effectively ration the exercise of constitutional rights to the few who have the substantial time, money, specialized knowledge and sheer determination to navigate all these roadblocks to the exercise of a constitutional right. That result is wrong and simply cannot be meekly accepted without a fight. That fight is now on.
Our legal counsel in this suit is Cary J. Hansel, Hansel Law, PC, 2514 North Charles Street, Baltimore, MD 21218. While the State of Maryland is sure to resist and it is always hazardous to predict litigation, we look forward to working with Cary to achieve a successful outcome in this case.
This is just the first step. There is a still a long road ahead and we will need your continued help and support as this suit proceeds.
Sincerely,
Mark Pennak
President Maryland Shall Issue
Not Yet a member of MSI? Join Here!
About Maryland Shall Issue:
Mission Statement: Maryland Shall Issue is an all volunteer, non-partisan effort dedicated to the preservation and advancement of all gunowners' rights in Maryland, with a primary goal of CCW reform to allow all law-abiding citizens the right to carry a concealed weapon; and to the education of the community to the awareness that ‘shall issue' laws have, in all cases, resulted in decreased rates of violent crime.
For more information, visit: http://www.vcdl.org/webapps/vcdl/2017leg.html.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that they will hold snap elections if no deal is reached to shut down Israel's new public broadcaster before its official launch.
>> Get all updates on Israeli politics: Download our free App, and Subscribe >>
The prime minister told their ministers on Saturday that if Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon refuses to shut down the new broadcasting corporation and reform the old one by the middle of the week, they will send Israel to the polls.
Netanyahu and Kahlon reached an agreement on Thursday that the new public broadcasting corporation will start operating as scheduled on April 30. But on Saturday Netanyahu said that they "changed their mind" about the deal.
>> Explained: Why is Netanyahu threatening elections now?
The new Israel Public Broadcasting Corporation is meant to replace the Israel Broadcasting Authority, whose 1,000 employees are slated to be fired and have been mounting protests.
Moshe Kahlon and Benjamin Netanyahu during a weekly cabinet meeting, June 13, 2016. Israel Mark Salem
No deal
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The growing crisis between Netanyahu and Kahlon deepened Wednesday when the premier publically urged the finance minister to delay the new broadcaster's launch by six months, a demand Kahlon rejected.
Netanyahu's repeated attempts to repeal the decision to set up the new corporation, along with the recent circulation of a draft law that would grant the government control over all television and radio stations in the country, prompted Kahlon to tell Netanyahu that “public broadcasting doesn't interest you; you're only interested in having control,” sources told Haaretz.
The next day, Interior Minister Aryeh Deri convened the two sides and mediated a compromise: The new corporation will begin broadcasting on April 30 as planned, and Kahlon would support Netanyahu's media bill.
Chairman of Israel's ruling coalition MK David Bitan with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the Knesset in 2017. Olivier Fitoussi
But in a Facebook post on Saturday, Netanyahu wrote that they "changed their mind" about their deal with Kahlon after meeting with the old broadcasting authority's employees and hearing their "heartbreaking stories." They also said that contrary to data provided by the Finance Ministry, estimates for keeping the old broadcaster on air were much cheaper than setting up a new one. "So, what do we need the [new broadcasting] corporation for?" they asked rhetorically.
Netanyahu eyes early vote
On Saturday afternoon Netanyahu held a series of consultations with Likud ministers Miri Regev, Yariv Levin and Tzachi Hanegbi at their official residence in Jerusalem. They told them they wouldn't hesitate to call elections if Kahlon refuses to shut down the new broadcaster. According to sources familiar with the talks, Netanyahu conducted polls this week, which showed them that they are more popular than ever among their voters, while Kahlon is growing so unpopular that their party may not pass the electoral threshold necessary to make it into the Knesset.
Netanyahu also told the ministers that once Kahlon is fired from the Finance Ministry, the prime minister would force the treasury to pay the salaries of the old broadcasting authority's employees until after the election. Once they win the elections, Netanyahu said, they will bring forth legislation that would shut down the new media agency.
As of now, Kahlon and their aides are keeping mum and it's not clear what they intend to do.
Sources close to Netanyahu said on Saturday that the prime minister wants to call an election.  They are afraid that Kahlon is growing more powerful as finance minister and may even make serious economic strides over the coming year. That and fears police would recommend they be indicted in a graft case have convinced Netanyahu that elections would work to their benefit.
Netanyahu has long been criticized for trying to block the launch of the new corporation, which ostensibly would be freer from political meddling than the old broadcasting authority.
Kahlon said last week that they would support the establishment of one regulatory agency to oversee all broadcasting, but that freedom of expression and the new broadcasting corporation's independence would be maintained. Interior Minister Arye Dery mediated between the two sides after warning that the crisis could lead to an early election.
New poll
If the Israeli elections were held today, Netanyahu's Likud party would still get the most seats in Israel's parliament, a new poll by Channel 10 News said Friday, giving the ruling party 26 of the Knesset's 120 seats.
Yair Lapid's centrist Yest Atid party would come in second by just one Knesset seat, polling at 25, while the current opposition leader, the Zionist Union, would win only 10 seats.
Likud won 30 seats in the last Knesset elections in 2015, while the Zionist Union has 24, so the poll indicates a loss in support for both, while support for Lapid, who currently has 11 seats, seems to be on the rise.
Both the far-right Habayit Hayehudi party and the Israeli Arab Joint List party polled at 13.
Haredi criticism
Should Netanyahu dismantle the coalition, the leader of the Zionist Union party, Isaac Herzog, will likely offer Kahlon to avert elections by joining them in a new coalition and forming a new government, led by Herzog.
At the opposition party, lawmakers called on Kahlon to resist Netanyahu's demand and bring about the dismantling of the coalition. Meanwhile, Education Minister Naftali Bennett urged the sides to seek an amicable solution. "I call on everyone to act responsibly and prevent expensive and unnecessary elections that will harm the economy and the citizens of Israel," they tweeted.
Netanyahu also withstood fire from ultra-Orthodox members of their coalition, who took umbrage with the fact that the premier met with ministers on Shabbat. Interior Minister Dery of the haredi Shas party said that they called Netanyahu to express their outrage, and the premier accepted the criticism and said that they did not intend to violate the Shabbat.
A Southern carriage being transported by lorry sparked chaos after becoming wedged at a crossroads in south-east London
A Southern train carriage being transported on a lorry caused delays for motorists when it became stuck at a crossroads in south-east London.
The carriage became wedged as it tried to navigate a tight corner in Crystal Palace on Wednesday night and held up traffic for half an hour, witness Luke Alexander said.
The incident happened at the junction of Gipsy Hill, Westow Hill, Westow Street and Central Hill at about 8.20pm.
Southern rail dispute reflects workers' growing fears about rise of automation Read more
Alexander, who works at a bar opposite the junction said they had gone outside after hearing a commotion. “I think the truck taking it had taken the wrong route and it had completely jammed itself on top of the crossroads,” they said.
“Everyone was finding it the most hilarious thing – including the truck drivers themselves who were trying to negotiate it through the crossroads.”
Alexander described the turning as a pretty tight squeeze and said at one point the carriage, which appeared damaged, was wedged against a traffic light.
The 25-year-old, who lives in Crystal Palace, said it was impossible not to see the “complete irony” of the situation. A ban on overtime by drivers on Southern has caused delays and cancellations for commuters, while services were halted for three days last week when members of Aslef went on strike. But Alexander said onlookers took the delay in “good spirit” and broke into huge applause when the lorry managed to turn the corner.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
China is in the midst of a love affair with pork. Its consumption of the stuff has nearly doubled since 1993 and just keeps rising. The Chinese currently eat 88 pounds per capita each year—far more than Americans' relatively measly 60 pounds. To meet the growing demand, China's hog farms have grown and multiplied, and more than half of the globe's pigs are now raised there. But even so, its production can't keep up with the pork craze.
So where is China looking to supply its demand for chops, ribs, loins, butts, and bellies? Not Southeast Asia or Africa—more like Iowa and North Carolina. US pork exports to China surged from about 57,000 metric tons in 2003 to more than 430,000 metric tons in 2012, about a fifth of all such exports. And that was before a Chinese company announced its intention to buy US pork giant Smithfield Foods in 2013. The way things are going, the United States is poised to become China's very own factory hog farm. Here are a few reasons why:
It's now cheaper to produce pork in the US than in China. You read that right: Our meat industry churns out hogs for about $0.57 per pound, according to the US Department of Agriculture, versus $0.68 per pound in China's new, factory-scale hog farms. The main difference is feed costs. US pig producers spend about 25 percent less on feed than their Chinese counterparts, the USDA found, because the “United States has more abundant land, water, and grain resources.”
Americans are not as fond of “the other white meat” as we once were. You wouldn't know it from the menus in trendy restaurants, but US consumers' appetite for pork hit a peak in 1999 and has declined ever since. Yet industry, beholden to shareholders demanding growth, keeps churning out more. According to its latest projections, the USDA expects US pork exports to rise by another 0.9 metric tons by 2022—a 33 percent jump from 2012 levels.
Much of China's arable land is polluted. Fully 40 percent has been degraded by erosion, salinization, or acidification—and nearly 20 percent is tainted by industrial effluent, sewage, excessive farm chemicals, or mining runoff. The pollution makes soil less productive, and dangerous elements like cadmium have turned up in rice crops.
Chinese rivers have been vanishing since the 1990s as demand from farms and factories has helped suck them dry. Of the ones that remain, 75 percent are severely polluted, and more than a third of those are so toxic they can't be used to irrigate farms, according to a 2008 report by the Chinese government. According to the World Bank, China's average annual water resources are less than 2,200 cubic meters per capita. The United States, by contrast, boasts almost 9,400 cubic meters of water per person.
Chinese consumers are losing trust in the nation's food supply—and will pay for alternatives. A spate of food-related scandals over the past half decade has made food safety the Chinese public's No. 1 concern, a 2013 study from Shanghai Jiao Tong University found. Judith Shapiro, author of the 2012 book China's Environmental Challenges and director of the Natural Resources and Sustainable Development program at American University, says they expect Smithfield pork to command “quite a premium” in China, because it's perceived as safer and better than the domestic stuff. Already, “US pork is particularly popular and commands premium prices, as it is viewed as higher quality due to our strict food safety laws,” a Bloomberg Businessweek columnist reported last July.
But what's good for pork exporters may not be good for the United States: More mass-produced pork also means more pollution to air and water from toxic manure, more dangerous and low-wage work, and more antibiotic-resistant pathogens. And that's just the beginning. In addition to ramping up foreign meat purchases, China is also rapidly transforming its domestic meat industry along the US industrial model—and importing enormous amounts of feed to do so. The Chinese and their hogs, chickens, and cows gobble up a jaw-dropping 60 percent of the global trade in soybeans, and the government may soon also ramp up corn imports—because while Beijing currently limits foreign corn purchases, meat producers are clamoring for more. And where does a third of the globe's corn come from? You guessed it: The good old USA.
De Boer distinguishes between what they describe as the 3-5-2 system and also 5-3-2 but there was not much mention of reverting to the four-man defence that Palace played in their survival under Sam Allardyce. Was he, for instance, about to persist with deploying last season's right-back Joel Ward, who played every league game for Palace, as a wing-back?
“You're going to play a system which, in my point of view, is the best way to get results, of course, with the quality of the team. I know that Joel Ward is not an ideal wing-back but the board and all the other people at Crystal Palace knew. That's why I first tried Andros Townsend there but then we were a little more vulnerable defensively. So at the end if you have to make choices at that moment you choose more defensive security than offensive security.”
The new £26 million signing Mamadou Sakho will not figure at Turf Moor and is expected to play for the Under-23s next week in preparation for first team action. Wilfried Zaha is still injured. De Boer said that they had met with Steve Parish this week and said they were convinced that the Palace chairperson, as well as the players, fully understood what they were trying to do.
“I think the players understand it,” De Boer said. “They have also played sometimes with five at the back, not at the beginning but during the game. Maybe we made some small changes during the game. I am convinced they understand what they have to do. Some players have more difficulties than other but that is the normal process.”
On Tuesday I recorded an episode of Funding the Dream on Kickstarter with Richard Bliss about giving tough-love feedback. I kind of stumbled through some of my thoughts on the podcast, so I thought I'd try to write them out here.
Thanks to the myriad of forums, Twitter, Reddit, and Facebook groups (here for games and here for general), it's really easy to get feedback on Kickstarter projects. As someone who both gives and receives advice on a frequent basis, I've seen a broad range of positive and negative situations arise from the feedback process. So I thought I'd write out some guidelines to keep in mind for that process.
Also, just to be clear, I am not available for consultation on your Kickstarter project. However, if you have a question, just ask it in the comments of the corresponding Kickstarter Lesson–I try to help out there.
How to Ask for Advice About Your Project
If you ask for feedback, be open to receiving feedback. Countless times I've seen people ask for feedback on Facebook because they either (a) want publicity or (b) want affirmation. Then they get defensive when that's not what they receive. Don't be one of those people. Carefully consider if you're actually ready to receive feedback; if not, just don't ask! There are much better ways to publicize your project or get affirmation. If you ask for feedback, be open to acting on the feedback. It's one thing to receive feedback well; it's another to have the courage to incorporate some of it into your project. Time and money are typically the two constraints here, both of which are solvable. You may have had it in your head for months that you need to launch today, but guess what? You don't need to launch today. And yes, money is a legitimate constraint, but if numerous people have told you to pay for better art, it's worth the money to get a few beautiful, compelling pieces of art before you launch. Ask for feedback after you've executed the idea but before the project launches. Ideas are hypothetical–there's no space for feedback when you just have an idea. You need to have actually made something before you can get feedback on it. But don't wait too long. If you're having heart surgery, do you want the doctor to study your MRI for the first time before the surgery or after he's cut open your chest? Kickstarter is your heart–do it justice by asking for advice before you launch. Preferably at least a month before launch, but after you've finished the first draft of the project page (it's tough for people to look at a work in progress for the purposes of offering advice). Ask very specific questions. It's fine to ask for general advice about your project page, but a much better way to get your foot in the door is to ask 1-3 very specific questions. If you do, you'll likely get some great ancillary advice as well. If you ask for feedback during a project, ask for people to tell you the top 3 reasons why your project is failing and brace for impact. That's the right question to ask. The wrong question at that point–but the one most people ask–is, “How do I get backers?” Seek feedback from more than one person. Originally I wrote this point as “not all advice is created equal.” But I decided to rephrase it, because it's just as helpful for you to get feedback from a creator whose project barely funded at $5,000 as it is to get feedback from a creator who wildly overfunded at $200,000. Both have different stories to tell and lessons to learn, and the truth is that you don't know if you'll end up with the $5,000 project or the $200,000 project. So the key here is to get advice from a variety of creators. Respect the time of the people from whom you seek feedback. This ties into all of the above points, but it extends beyond them to the dichotomy of helping one person versus helping many. The key is that if you can ask for advice in a public forum instead of a private e-mail, do it. By doing so, you're giving the person or people the chance to respond publicly, which could potentially help other creators too and even create a dialogue with different opinions. There are exceptions to it, and I'm particularly sensitive to it because I get asked for advice privately a lot when I'd greatly prefer for people to ask questions in the comments of these posts to show a sense of generosity of information to other creators. It might be daunting to post publicly, but the people in those Facebook groups genuinely want to help, and it's much better that they catch your mistakes early than thousands of people roll their eyes at those errors when your project goes live. Be wary of any advice giver who uses outlier, mega-projects as supporting evidence. Look at outlier projects like you'd look at a Komodo dragon: Respectfully, but from a distance. Otherwise leave them alone and look for more down-to-earth projects that apply to you (and listen to people who use those types of non-outlier projects as examples).
How to Give Advice on Someone Else's Project
Ask yourself, “Did this person request feedback?” A trap that I often fall into is offering feedback even though the person hasn't asked for feedback (my ex-girlfriends can attest to this). If you do this, be acutely aware of whether or not the creator has asked for your input on their project. They might not be ready for feedback, and that's okay. Start by identifying at least 2 things they're doing right. This isn't about softening the blow of blunt feedback; rather, it's about reinforcing the things they're doing right. If a person is about to get a wave of feedback, they need to anchor themselves on something they're already doing right or their feedback capacity will flood. If the project is live, give advice about things they have the power to change. Man, I struggle with this. Usually when I look at a failing project, I see a dozen things they should have done or fixed 3 months ago, and it's too late now. But it doesn't help for me to identify those aspects of the project–not yet (that's for if/when the project fails). Now is the time to offer feedback on things they have the power to change, like the text on the project page, their participation in the comments, or reward levels that don't have any backers (they can and should be removed). If the project is on a failing trajectory, tell the person. Send the creator a link to their Kicktraq page and point out the ugly truth: They're not going to successfully fund. They have the right to know, and it will shift their frame of reference in a way that will benefit them in the long run. It's still up to them if they want to cancel or finish the campaign. Understand that offering advice does not behold the recipient to taking the advice. It's tough when someone doesn't heed your advice or incorporate any of the changes you suggested. Sometimes this is a case of someone violating the first rule of asking for advice, but it's not up to you to decide that. You simply have to come to terms with the fact that your advice merely presents an opportunity for the person to improve their project, and in the end they need to decide what's best for them. If someone asks you, “How do I get backers?” in the middle of a project, here's your answer: Stop thinking about backers and start thinking about your next backer. Identify them or them from people you already know, and send them or them a personal e-mail to connect them with your project in a way that creates opportunity for them, not obligation or imposition. Then open a fresh e-mail and do the same for your next backer. Then again. They can also read this for more ways to address the mid-project slump, but I'd start with the above advice. End with a note of encouragement. This method of “sandwiching” blunt feedback with something positive at the beginning and the end of your feedback note was mentioned in the comments by Gamer Dave and tlehmann. This isn't a place for false hope; rather, it's a way to give the person a little jolt of enthusiasm so they actually act on the ideas you've discussed instead of slumping back in their chair in despair. You can even use this as one final way to slip in some feedback. For example, if the person hasn't been engaging in the comments at all, you can end with, “One of the reasons I love Kickstarter is the sense of community that creators can build through the comments sections–I look forward to seeing your great sense of humor there!”
***
Now it's my turn to ask for feedback: Do you agree with the above suggestions? What am I missing?
Also watch: So You Want to Do a Kickstarter (Eduardo Baraf) and read How to Ask for Advice Over E-mail (to which I would only add, “If the target of your advice has a public forum, ask there instead.”)
A couple of weeks ago, I read a snippet of a story in that week's Said & Done about Qatar attempting to rebrand itself. I thought it would be some glib statement about how Qatar Foundation was becoming Qatar Airways on the Barça shirt. Instead, it was a story that made me question the moral obligation of my club towards the sponsor it wears across its shirt. Should Barcelona be aligned with, allied with, or sponsored by those who trample on human rights?
The paragraph in question is this:
Qatar – still image-building ahead of the 2022 World Cup – reacting to union threats over “inhuman conditions” imposed on migrant workers by agreeing to reduce the number of them allowed to live in one room “from eight to four“. Also last week: poet Mohammed al-Ajami sentenced to life imprisonment for a poem satirising the ruling family. Al-Ajami's key theme: an attack on “the repressive elite”.
And so I read up on this sordid tale of repression of freedom of expression:
In November 2011, al-Ajami was arrested during a meeting with Qatari security forces in Doha. According to Wikipedia, they were initially “charged with insulting [Qatari ruler] Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani and ‘inciting to overthrow the ruling system'”. It also appears that these charges stem from one or two poems that al-Ajami wrote. During their incarceration, which has lasted since their arrest, al-Ajami has been held in solitary confinement for at least five of the last 12 months.
According to al-Jazeera, the Qatari-owned and based news agency, al-Ajami was sentenced to life imprisonment for “attempts to destabilise the country.” For what it's worth, al-Jazeera is owned by Hamad bin Thamer Al Thani, a distant cousin of the Qatari Emir. There have been some accusations that al-Jazeera under-reports negative stories concerning Qatar and the Qatari government and certainly their inclusion of a quote from Syria's UN ambassador, Bashar Ja'afari, makes little sense in the context of this piece other than to provide a weird distraction.
Further, CNN claims (and their lawyer, Najeeb al-Naimi, corroborates in a Democracy Now interview) that “[al-Ajami] was not in court when the sentence was issued.” Al-Naimi has promised to appeal the sentence and has mentioned an appeal hearing on December 30 in which the emir can personally intercede. It should be noted that some of this is obscured by the Qatari government's refusal to publish the actual charges against al-Ajami.
Given that Barça's current sponsor is the government of Qatar, Al-Ajami's story is relevant. A poet being sentenced for using their speech–sometimes referred to as satirizing the royal family (The Guardian) and sometimes referred to as “attempts to destabilise the country” (al-Jazeera)–to promote the Arab Spring is actually no small thing.
One of the basic tenets of barcelonismo, indeed, one of the first things one learns when one studies the history of the club, is the legitimacy of expression. During the Franco regime, the Catalan language was banned, but the club and the stadium on gameday was often a place where it could be heard. The club was fundamentally changed by the Franco regime, as was Catalunya in general. Whatever your own views on that history, it would seem that a team opposed to its own censorship would be opposed to the censorship of others.
Whatever the positives of the Qatar Foundation, the team is no longer bound to it thanks to the switch to Qatar Airways. As such, the administration should attempt to live up to some sort of standard when it comes to financial support. A corporation that actively supported undemocratic and repressive policies would be turned down; why not a government?
Given all that, there is clearly a difference between the moral and political stances of Barcelona and Qatar. Any argument suggesting that this is a cultural difference may well hold water, but it misses the point: if there is a difference in stances, then the relationship should be terminated on the grounds that one entity is not striving toward the same goals as the other entity. I'm sure it's not as easy as that, but to fail to mention it, to fail to put it out there as an idea, would be burying the club's ideals in a sea of money.
Email 695 Shares
[WASHINGTON, DC] Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) PhD candidate Ryan Shapiro filed a lawsuit this morning against the National Security Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Defense Intelligence Agency over the spy agencies' failure to comply with their Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests for records on anti-apartheid activist and South African President, Nelson Mandela. Shapiro's requests seek, among other records, documents pertaining to the U.S intelligence community's role in Mandela's 1962 arrest and Mandela's placement on the U.S. terror watch list until 2008. Shapiro is already suing the Central Intelligence Agency over this same failure. Shapiro wants to know why the NSA, FBI, DIA, and CIA viewed Mandela as a threat to American security, and what actions the Agency took to thwart Mandela's efforts to secure racial justice and democracy in South Africa.
Notably, in addition to invoking the Espionage Act (Title 18 U.S. Code 798), the NSA's denial of Shapiro's FOIA request (see embedded document) invokes “national defense” to support the agency's refusal to even acknowledge the existence of records about Mandela. Asserts the NSA, “the fact of the existence or non-existence of the materials you request is a currently and properly classified matter [….] to be kept secret in the interest of national defense[.]”
A .PDF of Shapiro's Lawsuit Filed This Morning is Available HERE
Shapiro, a FOIA specialist, is an historian of the political functioning of national security and the policing of dissent. Their pathbreaking FOIA work has already led the FBI to declare their MIT dissertation research a threat to national security. Shapiro is represented by FOIA specialist attorney Jeffrey Light.
Two Key Features of Shapiro's Lawsuit & Broader Pro-Transparency Effort:
1) Despite longstanding public knowledge of definite (if undefined) U.S. intelligence assistance to apartheid South Africa in general, and likely involvement in Mandela's 1962 arrest in particular, much of the U.S. and world press has paid distressingly little attention to these issues. Even in the wake of Mandela's death, these issues, including the fact that Mandela remained on the U.S. terror watch list until 2008, have for the most part remained ignored or discounted. In addition to beginning to fill these massive holes in public knowledge of U.S. intelligence operations, Shapiro's FOIA efforts will bring much-needed attention to these vital topics, as well as to the U.S. intelligence community's continued outrageous aversion to transparency.
2) The Freedom of Information Act is broken. The Department of Justice and the CIA continue to prevent the FOIA release of the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on the CIA torture program, despite the Senate Committee's call for the report's release. And as the Associated Press reported last week, despite entering office promising to be “the most transparent administration in history,” the Obama administration cites “national security” to censor and deny FOIA releases “more than ever.” The failures of the NSA, FBI, DIA, and CIA to comply with Shapiro's FOIA requests for records on Nelson Mandela are further glaring examples of this anti-transparency trend. For this reason, Shapiro is not only turning to the courts to force agency compliance with their FOIA requests, they are also turning to the American people to address the ongoing crisis of secrecy more broadly. To this end, Shapiro is urging all persons with access to unreleased records pertaining to illegal, unconstitutional, or immoral government activities to return those records to their rightful owners, the American people. As Shapiro is quoted below, “See something, leak something.”
According to Shapiro:
Regarding the Mandela lawsuit »
“Though the U.S. intelligence community is long believed to have been involved in Mandela's arrest, little specific public information exists regarding this involvement. Similarly, though the U.S. intelligence community is long known to have routinely provided information to the South African regime regarding the anti-apartheid movement, little specific public information exists about these activities either. Further, despite now being universally hailed as a hero and freedom fighter against gross injustice, Mandela was designated a terrorist by the United States government and remained on the U.S. terror watch list until 2008.
In bringing suit against the NSA, FBI, DIA, and CIA to compel compliance with my Freedom of Information Act requests, I seek access to records that will begin answering the following questions:
What was the extent and purpose of the U.S. intelligence community's surveillance of Nelson Mandela prior to their arrest? What role did the U.S. intelligence community play in Mandela's arrest and prosecution? What role did the U.S. intelligence community play in the broader effort to surveil and subvert the South African anti-apartheid movement? To what extent, and for what objectives, did the U.S. intelligence community surveil Mandela following their release from prison? To what extent, if any, did the U.S. intelligence community continue providing information regarding Mandela to the apartheid regime following Mandela's release from prison? What information did the U.S. intelligence community provide American policymakers regarding Mandela and the South African anti-apartheid movement? To what extent, and to what ends, did the U.S. intelligence community surveil the anti-apartheid movement in the United States? How did the United States government come to designate Nelson Mandela a terrorist threat to this country? How did this designation remain unchanged until 2008? And what was the role of the U.S. intelligence community in this designation and the maintenance thereof?”
Regarding the crisis of secrecy more broadly »
“Democracy cannot meaningfully exist without an informed citizenry, and such a citizenry is impossible without broad public access to information about the operations of government. Secrecy is a cancer on the body of democracy. The Bush administration initiated a disastrous welter of anti-transparency initiatives, yet the Obama administration has been, if anything, worse. Despite entering office promising unprecedented openness, the Obama administration has provided just the opposite, including bringing more Espionage Act prosecutions of whistleblowers than all previous administrations combined, and invoking “national security” to deny FOIA requests “more than ever.” FOIA is broken, and this sad reality is just one component among many of the ongoing crisis of secrecy we now face.
The records of government are the property of the people. Yet, unknown billions of pages are needlessly hidden from the American people behind closed doors and “classified” markings. Undefined “national security” concerns ostensibly legitimize this secrecy. Yet, as wrote Judge Murray Gurfein in their ruling against the Nixon administration's infamous attempt to prevent the New York Times from publishing the leaked “Pentagon Papers,” “The security of the Nation is not at the ramparts alone. Security also lies in the value of our free institutions.”
Building upon the Pentagon Papers ruling, we as a nation need to foster a broader understanding of “national security.” In the interest of preserving the national security borne not of secrecy and state surveillance, but rather of the free exchange of ideas made possible by “our free institutions,” I call upon all persons with access to unreleased records pertaining to illegal, unconstitutional, or immoral government activities to return those records to their rightful owners, the American people.
It's not surprising those in power wish to keep their actions secret. What's surprising is how readily we tolerate it. We are all familiar with the security-oriented signage instructing us to “See something, Say something.” In the interest of promoting a fuller conception of national security, I add, “See something, Leak something.” The viability of our democracy may depend upon it.”
To arrange an interview with Ryan Shapiro please email or text Andy Stepanian at andy@sparrowmedia.net or 631.291.3010. A high resolution copy of the photo of Ryan Shapiro above is available royalty-free × photo credit Stephanie Crumley. You can follow Ryan Shapiro on Twitter at @_rshapiro
Cook's history as England secure win
James Anderson's outstanding form in England's series-clinching win over Sri Lanka in Durham has seen them crowned the new world No.1 ranked Test bowler.
Anderson's figures of 3-36 and 5-58 at Chester-le-Street were enough to knock off countryman Stuart Broad to claim the No.1 position in the International Cricket Council rankings for the first time in their 115-Test career.
They had previously enjoyed three stints at No.2, in 2011, 2012 and most recently during last year's Ashes in the United Kingdom. Anderson is the fourth England bowler to top the chart since Ian Botham first achieved the feat in 1980.
Steve Harmison (2004) and Broad - who climbed to the number-one position in January following the Johannesburg Test against South Africa - are the other two to have held the coveted position.
Quick single: Courageous Cook hits 10,000 runs landmark
The 33-year-old had already soared back into the top three Test bowlers after their remarkable performance against Sri Lanka in Leeds, where they claimed their third 10-wicket haul in Tests, with figures of 5-16 and 5-29 as England romped to an innings-and-88-run victory.
WATCH: Anderson 10-fer skittles Lankans
That performance saw them climb to sixth on the all-time Test wicket-taking charts, while their second-innings five-wicket haul on Monday saw them pass 450 Test scalps.
Broad has dropped to No.3 in the charts – with India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin remaining in second spot – despite taking 4-40 and 1-71 in England's nine-wicket win in Durham, while Chris Woakes climbed 16 places after taking 3-9 and 2-103.
Meanwhile, Australia skipper Steve Smith remains the world No.1 Test batsman, but England star Joe Root narrowed the margin to 47 points after their first-innings knock of 80 against the Sri Lankans.
Moeen Ali jumped 13 spots in the batting charts to 35th after their unbeaten 155, while Sri Lanka's Dinesh Chandimal climbed two spots to a career-high 19 after their fighting century on day four.
ICC batting rankings
ICC bowling rankings
Major banks are shells of what they were, and many are paying large settlements. | AP Photos How Washington beat Wall Street
NEW YORK — In 2009, Washington went to war against big Wall Street banks hoping to blow up the kind of high-risk, high-reward strategies that helped spark the financial crisis. Five years later, that war is largely over. And Washington won in a blowout.
You might not know it given continued demands from Democrats — and even some Republicans — to further bust up the nation's largest banks. And the standard media refrain is that Wall Street titans always win, no big bank bosses went to jail and the industry will just find new ways to keep the casino open.
Story Continued Below
But the truth on the ground — at least at this moment in time — is very different.
( Also on POLITICO: Obama lays out economic plan)
Goldman Sachs, the biggest money machine in Wall Street history, is a shell of its former self. Morgan Stanley, Goldman's one-time bitter rival in the swashbuckling world of high-risk trading, is transforming into a staid money management firm with a side business underwriting stocks and offering merger advice.
Citigroup and Bank of America sold off many of their classic “Wall Street” businesses, including proprietary trading desks and private equity and hedge fund stakes, to comply with the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill.
Washington's big victory came via widespread public outrage at the financial industry, which paved the way for a strong reform bill. And after President Barack Obama signed Dodd-Frank into law in 2010, the industry made mistake after mistake — from the interest rate rigging scandal to mortgage-foreclosure “robo-signing” — making it essentially impossible for the industry's lobbyists to beat back any of the newly imposed regulations.
“The scope of activities that U.S. banks engage in has been dramatically reduced,” said Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief executive of giant bond fund manager Pimco, which itself may face new restrictions as regulators turn their attention to the asset management industry. “Even in a period when markets are performing well, the numbers the banks are pulling in are just nowhere near as strong as they once were.”
( Sign up for POLITICO's Morning Money tip sheet)
Even mighty JPMorgan Chase, once viewed as the only bank to come through the crisis largely unchanged, is now forking over tens of billions of dollars in settlement cash, seemingly on a weekly basis, to pay for its sins before the financial crisis — including allegedly turning a blind eye to the Bernie Madoff fraud and improperly selling risky mortgage securities. JPMorgan this week gave up its coveted title as the nation's most profitable bank to Wells Fargo, a buttoned down San Francisco-based bank not known as a Wall Street titan.
And JPMorgan's massive $6 billion loss in the so-called London whale trading scandal in 2012 helped ensure that a very tough version of the ban on proprietary trading by federally backstopped banks — known as the “Volcker rule” — was approved by regulators last month.
The transformation of Wall Street is so complete that even some of the industry's loudest critics — rarely willing to give an inch — are prepared to declare at least partial victory, albeit with plenty of “time will tell” caveats and complaints about the industry pushing to underfund its regulators in the latest spending bill working its way through Congress.
“There is no question that many of the highest-risk activities, which happened to be the most profitable activities for Wall Street, are now at least reduced and often totally gone,” said Dennis Kelleher, chief executive of Better Markets, one of the most vocal pro-regulatory reform groups. “They've had to exit hedge funds and private equity funds and they sold off any business with ‘proprietary trading' on the door.”
( Also on POLITICO: Full finance policy coverage)
Those sales in part benefit smaller boutique investment banks not subject to the new rules as well as pure hedge fund and private equity firms that can snap up assets from the bigger players at low prices. It also means young talent now flows toward higher-paying private equity and hedge funds rather than the now more staid banks. Both Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse in recent months pitched themselves by saying junior staff should no longer come to the office on Saturdays, a hallmark of the old Wall Street.
In fact, perhaps the clearest example of the transformation is Goldman, which on Thursday reported a 15 percent fourth-quarter drop in net revenue in its once dominant fixed income, currency and commodities business to $1.72 billion. For the year, Goldman earned a total of profit of $8.04 billion.
In 2007, at the height of the last Wall Street boom, Goldman's trading wizards earned $4.89 billion in net revenue in the same business in the third quarter. And for the year in 2007, Goldman reported earnings of nearly $12 billion.
It figures that I'd be sitting at my computer browsing Facebook on New Years Eve and stumble across a post from Thordsen Customs, which stated that they received a determination letter from ATF regarding their custom buffer tube covers and CAA Saddles, which was posted 4 hours before midnight…Happy New Years Eve!
It seems that Thordsen requested some clarification to its design as it had been recently redesigned. The letter was submitted back at the beginning of October and the reply was from the 18th of December, which Thordsen states they received on the 23rd. In fact, Thordsen has published their thoughts on the letter along with the original response from ATF on their website after having taken the time to review it. You can view their thoughts here.
In the determination request letter, Thordsen asked ATF to examine three different samples. They asked if their buffer tube covers with the saddles allowed the AR pistol to retain its classification as a “pistol”, when utilizing their spacers to accommodate people of varying statures and whether the use of a receiver extension (buffer tube) with their cover and a side saddle, for the purpose of providing a stable cheek weld and safer handling, was permissible on a pistol variant that does not require a receiver extension to function.
Letter to ATF from Thordsen Customs
ATF's Response to Thordsen Customs
Firearms Technology Industry Services Branch (FTISB) begins its response by defining the terms “handgun”, “pistol”, “rifle” and “firearm”. FTISB notes that their focus is to determine whether the items constitute a “firearm” as defined in the Gun Control Act of 1968 (GCA) or the National Firearms Act of 1934 (NFA).
The response notates that a shoulder stock provides a means to support a firearm and easily aim it.
Finding that the submitted samples were designed to enhance a “cheek weld” of an AR type shoulder stock or pistol buffer tube, FTISB correctly determines that none of the items submitted were “firearms” as defined by the GCA.
The letter continues on to state that “FTISB finds that the submitted saddle devices are not designed to support the AR-type pistol in the shoulder of the shooter during firing but, rather, to rest against the shooter's cheek.” As such, FTISB correctly finds that the attachment of the saddle to an AR type pistol does not change the classification of a pistol to a SBR. FTISB notes “…as long as the saddle device as evaluated and installed to an AR-type pistol, is not designed or redesigned and intended to contact the shoulder and is not used as a shoulder stock, it's possession and use would not be prohibited.” (Emphasis added).
FTISB then explains that [t]he receiver extension/buffer tube on an AR-type pistol serves a legitimate, vital function in the operation of the weapon system; and if utilized as originally designed is not considered to be a shoulder stock. Further, a pistol that has an AR-type buffer tube or similar component assembled to it, which consequently allows for the installation of a saddle/cheek enhancement accessory, is not classified as a SBR; nor unlawful to possess.”
Here is the paragraph everyone is going to want to take a long hard look at. “However, if a pistol assembled with an AR-type buffer tube or similar component; which in turn, redesigns the subject AR-type pistol to be designed or redesigned and consequently intended to be fired from the shoulder; an NFA weapon as defined in 26 U.S.C. § 5845(a)(3); has been made.”
FTISB concludes that the information in the letter is only intended for use by the addressed individual or company with regard to a specific scenario described within the correspondence, which is newly included language not previous found in any FTISB/FTB determination response.
So what happened? Well, it appears very clear that FTISB and ATF as a whole are paying very close attention to what people are doing and how they are utilizing products, including reviewing internet postings, pictures and videos. All of the stabilization/cheek enhancement products on the market have a legitimate purpose and have assumedly been approved by FTISB at some point. But, it appears that some individuals are not looking to purchase these products for their legitimate purpose and use and instead intentionally intend to misuse them from the moment they are purchased.
As it was noticeably absent in the letter discussed in my blog post Cinderella and ATF's Determination: The Fairy Tale of an AR Pistol to SBR through Magic, this letter does mention intent, in fact several times. Let's revisit the definition of rifle under the GCA and NFA.
A rifle as defined under the GCA is “…a weapon designed or redesigned, made or remade, and intended to be fired from the shoulder…” A rifle as defined by NFA is “…a weapon designed or redesigned, made or remade, and intended to be fired from the shoulder…” So we see that a rifle is the same in the pertinent part under the GCA and NFA.
But what about the term “firearm”? Under NFA a firearm is defined in the pertinent part as “…(3) a rifle having a barrel or barrels of less than 16 inches in length; (4) a weapon made from a rifle if such weapon as modified has an overall length of less than 26 inches or a barrel or barrels of less than 16 inches in length…”
So what's going on? Well, it seems that ATF didn't appreciate people purchasing various stabilization products/cheek weld enhancements for the purpose of avoiding the payment of the NFA tax (which could constitute tax evasion). This is why the intent aspect, as stated in the definition, is important. If an individual purchases one of these products intending to use it in the manner for which it was made and then misuses it, as ATF previously held in the Bradley letter, he/she has done nothing illegal. There is no law dictating the end use of a product. However, if an individual purchases one of these products to install on their pistol and intends to use it as a faux stock, he/she has very clearly created an illegal SBR.
Don't forget to click the buttons below to share this!
A passenger high on medical marijuana picked the wrong woman to freak out on. (Published Monday, Feb. 8, 2010)
A San Francisco man, accused of forcing a flight to divert because they were high on medical marijuana, picked the wrong flight attendant to freak out on.
Lorin Gorman of Chula Vista is a fourth-degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do. Those skills may have averted a serious situation in the air.
US-Air flight 1447 was on its way from Philadelphia to San Francisco.
Gorman, 51, says they noticed Kinman Chan, 30, early in the flight. "He was looking back at me, waving hi," Gorman said of the man in seat 17-C.
Weird News Photos: Holiday Edition
But soon enough, the passenger became aggressive, Gorman says. "He's banging around, screaming in the back bathroom, he's opened all the compartments," the attendant remembers.
According to a criminal complaint, Chan walked out of the bathroom with their pants down.
"I said, ‘You need to sit down now',” Gorman said.
They did not. "He went like that with their elbow," Gorman said, bracing their wrist as they threw an elbow at shoulder height. "Well, what I did, I just put them in an arm lock. To get their other arm, I had to jump up on the seat … They were resisting. They were stiff. At that point, I just put them into a choke hold."
The plane was diverted to Pittsburgh where Chan was arrested. They told police he'd taken a double dose of their medicinal marijuana, eating two pot cookies before the flight.
"After 911, I took special training with my grand master to learn how to deal with small spaces and also what to look for in passengers," Gorman said. "I'm glad I was there."
Kinman Chan was charged with disrupting a flight attendant, which can carry a maximum penalty of up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
If you're a Mac user that requires the usage of Internet Explorer under Mac OS X, you'll find your choices are generally as follows: run IE on top of Mac OS X with Wine which can be slow and buggy, dual boot Windows and Mac OS X which is a nuisance because it requites rebooting, or use virtualization with something like Parallels, VMWare, or VirtualBox. Virtualization is generally the best method because you can run IE and other Windows apps directly atop OS X, but some of the VM software is expensive and you still need a Windows license key, right? Wrong!
Run Internet Explorer 7, 8, 10, & 11 in Mac OS X the Easy & Free Way
We're going to walk you through how to install Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 in a virtual machine running Windows, directly in Mac OS X – for free. This is achieved by using the freely available VirtualBox software from Oracle, and combining that with free Internet Explorer testing virtual machines from Microsoft, the trick is converting these free IE vm's so that they work flawlessly under OS X (or Linux, technically), and that is all handled automatically with this method.
Notes: the admin password for all of the IE VMs is “Password1” without the quotes. This has been tested and confirmed to work with all modern versions of Mac system software including OS X 10.10 Yosemite, OS X 10.9 Mavericks, 10.8 Mountain Lion, OS X 10.7 Lion, and Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard.
Installation size per IE Virtual Machine is about 11GB, to install all Windows VM's it will take about 48GB of disk space.
Download & Install VirtualBox – Download Now (direct .dmg download link) – or visit VirtualBox Downloads page Launch the Terminal (located in /Applications/Utilities/) Decide which versions of Internet Explorer you want to download and install – each version of Internet Explorer is contained within a separate virtual machine that runs within VirtualBox. In other words, if you want to run Internet Explorer 7, 8, and 9, you will need to download three separate VMs's, which may take a while so keep that in mind. Select the text below and copy it:
Install ALL versions of Internet Explorer: IE7, IE 8, IE 9, IE10, IE11
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | bash Install Internet Explorer 11 Only
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | IEVMS_VERSIONS="11" bash Install Internet Explorer 10 Only
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | IEVMS_VERSIONS="10" bash Install Internet Explorer 7 Only
curl -s https://raw.github.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | IEVMS_VERSIONS="7" bash Install Internet Explorer 8 Only
curl -s https://raw.github.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | IEVMS_VERSIONS="8" bash Install Internet Explorer 9 Only curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | IEVMS_VERSIONS="9" bash
Copy and paste the selected command from above into the Terminal and hit return, this will start the download and conversion process. How long this takes depends on your internet connection and how many versions of Internet Explorer you chose to install
Launch VirtualBox and boot Windows & Internet Explorer – select the virtual machine corresponding to the version of Internet Explorer you intend to use: IE7, IE8, IE9, then click on the “Start” button to boot that Windows machine with that version of Internet Explorer.
Remember that the default Windows admin password is “Password1”, it's also the password hint within the VM should you forget it.
That's really all there is to it. These commands are part of the ievsms script from xdissent and it manages the entire download, conversion, and installation procedure, it doesn't get much easier.
Note: if you're having trouble with the above URL or commands not working, it may be because github changed the URL structure of their source from github.com to githubusercontent, like the following:
curl -s https://raw.github.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | bash
Turns into:
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xdissent/ievms/master/ievms.sh | bash
Note the URL change from github to githubusercontent, otherwise everything else is the same. (Thanks Blair!)
VM Snapshots Circumvent Microsofts 30 Day Limitation
The other great thing about this method is that it circumvents Microsofts 30 day limitation by utilizing snapshots, a feature built into VirtualBox. This preserves the original Windows VM state and allows you to continuously use the IE virtual machine without any time limitation simply by reverting to the original snapshot once the 30 day lock occurs.
To use a snapshot after the 30 day Windows expiration, just open VirtualBox, select the IE VM, and click on the “Snapshots” button. From here you can boot from the original snapshot that was created and use IE again for another 30 days. You can do this indefinitely, effectively having a clean IE test environment forever.
What about IE 6?
IE6 is being rapidly abandoned as usage dies, but if you need to use it then you can follow this guide to get IE6 running in Mac OS X. Getting it working isn't quite as easy as the virtual machine methods above and it utilizes a wine based emulator so your mileage may vary.
Why Use Internet Explorer on a Mac?
This has been a common question, but the primary reasons that Mac users need Internet Explorer are either for web development and web app compatibility purposes, or to access certain web sites or apps that require the use of IE to gain access. If you're not in either of those groups, there isn't much benefit to getting IE in Mac OS X, since Safari, Chrome, and Firefox are all excellent browser choices with significantly better performance on the Mac.
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
Hong Kong champion Able Friend's career is in the balance with the horse to be sidelined for at least six months with a rare tendon injury.
Trainer John Moore said they would recommend Able Friend be sent to Australia for their rehabilitation.
Formerly trained by Hawkes Racing in Sydney, Able Friend is Hong Kong's highest rated horse but was below par when third in the International Mile last month.
MRI scans this week revealed a strained deep digital flexor tendon in their right front foot.
“He is done for the season,” Moore told the South China Morning Post.
“He went into the Hong Kong Mile with a bruised sole. We kept them in minor work and the problem didn't resolve itself. We got the scans back, got the bad news and now we have to put them aside.
“It's very disappointing to have one of the top five horses in the world and to have them sidelined.
“I'll be asking the owner (Dr Cornel Li Fook-kwan) if we can send them offshore and find the best place to rehab him.”
Deposit
$100
Bet with
$300!
Claim $200 in Racing Bonus Bets when you deposit $100!*
Join now!
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
Beloved Seattle Drag Queen Sparkle Leigh Was Injured in a Hit & Run. Here's How You Can Help.
MICHAEL DOUCETT
Early on the morning of Thursday, April 13, Sparkle Leigh—cartoon drag goddess extraordinaire—was hit by a car after leaving their regular gig at R Place. (The driver sped away afterwards but was quickly apprehended by SPD.) Sparkle sustained several injuries and spent a day-and-a-half in the hospital. As these injuries tend to go, Sparkle was rushed back to the hospital twice after being released for further inspection, and also underwent emergency dental work.
From the GoFundMe set up for Sparkle:
“She has now been released from the hospital and is resting to try to make a speedy recovery, but the medical costs they have incurred leave a cloud over them The doctors have estimated the costs of everything thus far at $15,000-$20,000 and there is possibly more to come.”
That amount of money is steep for anyone, but it's especially rough for those who embark on the sacrosanct career path of drag queening, which doesn't typically never includes health insurance. (If you thought there was some magical drag queen union that offers benefits to full-time performers, well... then you're as delusional as this tweet.) Even though she's a career queen, Sparkle's gigs don't include sick leave, meaning she's losing wages while trying to recover (which could take two to three weeks).
As of today, the GoFundMe page set up for Sparkle has raised roughly half of its $15k goal, and while $7.5k is an impressive amount—and reflective of Seattle's supportive drag community—Leigh needs help from outside their immediate community to reach $15k. Remember, y'all, drag queens are an integral part of a healthy city nightlife. By supporting drag queens, we support local businesses (and the proliferation of neon wigs).
"Sparkle Leigh's primary interest in any show we've produced has always been community involvement," Sparkle's sister in the Haus of Glitterbeast, Butch Alice, commented. "It's amazing seeing the community respond the exact same way, sharing the fundraiser and donating so readily to someone who would do the exact same."
And Sparkle seems to be keeping their spirits up despite the setback: "I'm just very happy to still be here. Sadly, it seems it might be more of a lengthy process to get back to 100 percent, but one VW can't keep me down! I'm honestly moved to tears when I think about how I owe my recovery (and very much my life) to a handful of Family, as well as the immediate response from the community response. We rally and we gather and we make the fire bright again."
So Seattle—let's rally and gather and make that fire bright again. Donate to the cause at Sparkle's GoFundMe page.
It appears there is another player in camp these days. According to their own Twitter, Haitian forward Christiano François is currently training with the New York Red Bulls.
Great first session try out today with the New York Redbull pic.twitter.com/PbZVM9BcRR — Christiano Francois (@christianof21) June 14, 2016
François moved to the U.S. in 2010 after the historic earthquake ravaged their home country Haiti. In America, they attended St. Benedict's Prep in Newark before going on to play college soccer at the University of Maryland. After two years at Maryland, François left to take up a professional career, in part due to academic issues. The player signed a contract with MLS but did so too late to enter the Super Draft. Instead of being allocated via weighted lottery, the forward was made available in the waiver draft and was later selected by D.C. United.
They played one year at DC, mainly on loan to the Richmond Kickers, before moving on to SC Vila Real in 2015.
A one-time Haitian national team call-up, François currently plays at Felgueiras 1932 in the Portuguese Second Division, having featured 26 times for their team this year, scoring three goals. They have also recently featured alongside Derrick Etienne with Haiti's U23 team in their unsuccessful Olympic qualifying run.
It is unclear if François is in camp with the first team or New York Red Bulls II. However, with the back-up at forward on the first team and the strict nature of MLS roster rules, it is reasonable to guess this training stint is with the USL side.
My experience of picking up the movies that I love on Blu-ray has been a hit and miss affair. Some of them are just the DVD versions burnt on to a Blu-ray disc as far as I can tell, because the HD quality just isn't there. Others, however, have clearly had some work done to bring them up to spec. Steven Spielberg's classic Jaws looks to be one of those movies.
Universal Studios is celebrating its 100th Anniversary, and to help mark the occasion they have gone back to the original Jaws 35mm film in order to digitally remaster it. The finished product is a crisp 1080p picture and the addition of 7.1 surround sound–something no one watching the movie has ever experienced before.
Spielberg describes it as bringing a classic movie back to life, and making it, “more vivid than even we remember them at the cinema.” And it seems we have digital technology to thank for making such a restoration possible.
The original film negative for Jaws was in a pretty poor state. There were marks, scratches, color differences, and degradation. The scratches were removed using a wet gate scan, which involves placing the negative in a liquid that makes the scratches invisible while a digital scan is captured.
After that, it was a case of going through each frame of the film and using digital tools to fix all the remaining faults. That means removing dirt, fixing color inconsistencies, and manipulating the pixels wherever possible to cover up any damage or mistakes that are present. Depending on the damage, a single frame can take several hours to fix.
Just as impressive as the visual restoration are the sounds effects and music. Universal had to take the original mono tracks recorded using an analog system, and convert them into a 7.1 surround sound digital version. The result is again, better than the original or Spielberg could have ever imagined was possible back in 1975.
The whole process takes a long time, requires expert editors to handle the work, and expensive tools and servers to deal with the digital data. But this is Jaws, a classic piece of work and one that should be restored beyond its original quality if at all possible. Looking at the restored clips in the video above, I'm pretty sure they nailed it.
Jaws will be available to buy on Blu-ray (and DVD) from August 14 with over 4 hours of bonus content included on the disc.
The car park is in a central location, near the Riverside Theatre and the restaurants of Church Street, and could allow the state government to service the museum with its planned Parramatta light rail line. Parramatta lord mayor Paul Garrard does not want the museum to be moved to the banks of the Parramatta River. Credit:Gene Ramirez But councillors have their own plans for the site and are adamant it should not be used for the museum. The council paid millions for the car park, and a series of other sites, as part of a long-term strategy to rejuvenate the Parramatta River foreshore. While no plans have been approved for the site, councillors said it is the only one that can be developed and used as a public domain and the museum would have a "negative impact" on the vision of creating a "river city".
Lord mayor Paul Garrard said the council would not be dictated to by the government. The state government can acquire the land, but would have to compensate the council. "We've only just finished consolidating the land and now the next step is to start planning and going forward those plans don't include giving it away to the state government," Cr Garrard said. "The museum is not the responsibility of Parramatta Council. If the state government wanted to build a museum there, they should have bought it themselves." The other prospective site is part of Parramatta Park and is already owned by the state government. It is west of the city centre, near Parramatta High School. The state's government plan to create a new "arts and cultural precinct" in Parramatta would be essentially started from scratch at the site, but the location would allow for a bigger museum and car park to be built.
Parramatta Park director Suellen Fitzgerald supports moving the museum to the park, saying it would be an "ideal site" for cultural institutions. The Sydney Business Chamber has called for the site to be located where the current Arthur Phillip School is in the city centre, but that option appears to be off the table as plans for a high-rise school there have progressed. Deputy Premier, and Minister for the Arts, Troy Grant said a decision on the museum's new location would be made in the first half of 2016. There is not yet a firm timeline for when the Powerhouse Museum will close at Ultimo, or when the site will be put on the market for sale. The minister said a a consortium led by consultants KPMG was preparing a business case to further develop relocation plans.
"The Powerhouse will remain open at its present site for as long as possible prior to the opening of the new site at Parramatta," they said.
Conventional Frigates Are Dead Ships Sailing
The current global crop of “conventional” frigates (which I loosely define as a multi-purpose combatant of somewhere in the vicinity of 2,000-4,500 tons), has reached something of a developmental dead end.
These ships cannot be improved–or, in the case of foreign models, brought into compliance with U.S. Navy standards and then improved–without a huge investment–An investment, I might add, that is totally out of proportion to any subsequent gains in the platform's overall combat capability/survivability.
Despite having more visible weapons than the average Flight 0+ LCS, the “international standard frigate” is also, well, still little more than cannon-fodder. Over the near-to-mid term, these “international standard frigates” the Navy chattering classes so admire, will, in any likely “local war under high-tech conditions”, be sunk. And be sunk in great numbers.
Too small to do much on the modern maritime battlefield than get into trouble, these “international standard frigates” are too much of an attractive, vulnerable target to spend much time alone in a high-threat area. And yet, still, the American Taxpayer is about to be asked to pay one heck of a premium for something that doesn't really offer much more combat utility than the Flight 0+ LCS will (What will be added? A few VLS cells, with a fancy radar and combat system? A few anti-ship missiles? Maybe some torpedoes?).
Why even play in this niche? In the global arsenal, there is nothing–nothing–that really materially distinguishes one frigate model from the next. Excellent frigates have proliferated throughout the globe, and, as such, it makes little sense for the U.S. to play in this crowded evolutionary niche–if everybody has a great general-purpose sea-control frigate already, and they are all pretty fantastic…why bother? The robust DDG-51–which is, I remind readers–the largest active class of combatant in the world–is far more survivable than any “international standard frigate” out there. The U.S. Navy might as well embrace that advantage.
Anybody stupid enough to try and compete in the frigate niche can only “win” by outbuilding everybody else. And anyone foolish enough to try and compensate for lack of numbers will end up making a disproportionate investment to obtain a tiny material “edge” on other frigates in the global fleet (Yes, NAVSEA, I'm looking at YOU). They'll end up with an awfully pricey, hard-to-maintain ship with absolutely no margin for growth. And if many of the current American advocates for a conventional frigate has their way, the U.S. will find itself saddled with an operationally fragile shipyard queen that is, in essence, obsolete at launch.
A better investment for the American Navy is an austere DDG-51s that can simply out-stick the current “international standard frigate” (and that I suspect can be procured for about the same price), supported by vessels that force development of technology that will fundamentally disrupt this fully-developed Frigate niche–i.e. miniaturized gear/weaponry and means to accelerate fielding of new gear/weaponry.
How do we do it?
Devolve the “Cruiser”:
First, the US should take our high-end DDG-51 — a cruiser-like platform that, despite an “old” hull and “outdated” plant, is the basis for our “next-gen” air defense asset, the “Flight III” Burke, AND…even without improvements, is still inherently more survivable (Level III, according to the latest regulations) than any frigate at sea today–and tweak it so that the platform just marginally beats the “international standard frigate”. (I've written about this proposal here.) Make the DDG-lite “ready to fight tonight” but…make it austere, scalable and easily upgradable. Add whatever the Navy expects to need in basic Hull, Mechanical and Electrical qualities to keep the ship relevant over a 40 year lifespan, and then build in tons of margin for tactical flexibility and, if needed, new capability. Or just, simply, a bigger, battle-ready crew. A Marine Corps detachment. Whatever.
Look…The money the US Taxpayer will spend will be the same either way….Either the Navy pays upwards of a billion dollars for a specialized frigate hull–an unproven frigate hull that will demand a lot of money and be freighted with a lot of risk before it actually gets into the US fleet (“a rough order of magnitude cost estimate” says Lockheed's man, is $800 Million dollars for, oh, 32 VLS, a gun upgrade and a baby Aegis). And then, after DOT&E testers spend years “approving” it and tons of additional money gets spent for the platform to meet USN standards, taxpayers will be left with a hull that most observers expect to last only about ten years or so. Either that….or…we take the DDG-51 alternative route, call it a “variant”, and pay about $750 million dollars for a very well characterized, rugged DDG hull and a few hundred million for bare-bones GFE–that can enter the fleet quickly and arrive with 40 years of easily-upgradable life left in it (and a heck of a lot of cost-saving commonality within the existing legacy fleet as well).
Embrace the Small Boat:
Second, America should go low-end. That's right. America should go “all-in” on the Captain Wayne Hughes Seafighter model–I'm talking Mark VIs up to Ambassador IIIs at the most.
Now…this is a big change for me. Most of you are probably very weary by now of me poking holes in the Naval Postgraduate School's “School of the Tiny Combatant“. But now that MLP/AFSB concepts seem to be accepted by the fleet–my concerns about logistics are receding. MLPs and AFSBs are going on-line, so why doesn't the Navy try to fully kit 'em out with small combatants and see that these new floating “bases” live up to their full potential?
I think “tiny” is the way to go right now. Small ships–boats–are easier to build quick, test, trial and then, if needed, discard. They are innovation-drivers. And they are, programmatically, far, far, FAR easier for the Navy to manage given the current environment in Congress. (and they can get into small, less-visited ports, carry a low profile, operate in company of an MLP without the need of a high-footprint support base on shore, compete with small boats and fishermen/coast guard “irregulars”, and screen the bigger ships)
And, unlike your average “International Standard Frigate,” small ships are also a lot harder for your average SSK or other high-end combatant/operator to waste a precious torpedo or missile upon (and, I might add, a very good fit for the WESTPAC areas where we are likely to be challenged over the near-term).
Small ships don't become self-sustaining, programmatic monsters either. So rather than the Navy taking the risk of being tied to a single 3,000 ton platform, and, in the process, creating an economic monster that Congress will demand “must be fed at all costs”, the Navy can keep tiny-ship “test and trial” programs small enough (and geographically distributed enough) so that the Navy–rather than Congress–runs 'em.
Miniaturize, Miniaturize, Miniaturize:
And then, well, the U.S. should pour money into the challenge of miniaturizing combat capability–capability that can then flow onto larger programs–platforms, like, say, a more militarized and high-sea-state capable Offshore Patrol Cutter (which makes sense given that the center of strategic importance will, in time, likely shift to the more wild waters of the Polar seas and away from, say, reefs off the Philippines).
America cannot go wrong in shrinking the “effectors” and by making the sensors smaller, and, if possible, scalable (Like, say, Raytheon's Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR)).
I'm a big believer in urging industry to “chase” a well-defined requirement rather than building platforms to fit existing weaponry. The strategy works–look at how the LCS surface-to-surface missile went from the failed non-line-of-sight rocket to the Griffin, to now, the more capable Hellfire. Once industry knew what the parameters for the LCS “box of rockets” actually was, they responded. And…mark my words, more advances are on the way to expand the utility of teeny-tiny missiles. (and teeny-tiny torpedoes, too)
If industry is directed to really focus on driving size out of the equation for the “traditional” missions–Anti-Air, Anti-Surface, Anti-Sub and Anti-Mine warfare–and getting them to work in a dispersed Small Boat framework–and then, on top of that, mix in the potential contributions the JHSV and basic Block 0+ LCS will be making in advancing new gear and tactics–then America has a chance to really disrupt conventional frigate niche in about ten years or so–right when the sail-like-a-cork, ready-for-Polar-waters Offshore Patrol Cutter enters service in earnest.
With smaller boats flying off from an in-theatre MLP tender/logistical support node, the U.S. Navy can cover a lot more ground, flow-in more new tech, engage more navies–all while giving their lower-ranking sailors an opportunity to get much-needed sea time. But to really help drive technology towards smaller effectors and sensors, small ships need to be out there, in numbers, operating.
Rig For Rapid Deployment of New Tech:
Now, part of being “ready to fight (and win) tonight” is, historically, a factor of being the first to quickly bring new technology to the battlefield. Legacy “international standard frigates” are only optimized to fight yesterday's battles today. And while that may be comfortable to some, or offer up a serviceable developmental case if the Navy honestly intended to build a billion-dollar ship with a 10-year lifespan, it's just not a viable developmental path.
Really, it isn't.
American strategists underestimate the advantage of being able to quickly flow new capability into the fleet. In the old days, America would simply build it's way into new capability, but now that shipbuilding is too expensive and slow, the only other option is to change and update embarked gear…quickly.
Right now, the Navy (and industry) are far too slow. Exhibit A is Aegis (sorry Lockheed)…The fleet simply can't afford to spend twenty years “upgrading” a combat system–all the while, throughout the process, maintaining some, oh, twenty(?) different baselines of varying compatibility/capability. America needs “stuff” that can be rolled out to the applicable fleet/platform/task force in a year–or even less (CANES supporters abruptly look down, redden, throw a few bucks down on the bar and walk out).
America underestimates the impact a fundamental change in combat capability will have on likely competitors. Imagine if, in the space of a year, the 52-hull LCS fleet developed a capability to deploy with strike missiles…competitors would need to completely adjust their tactics to handle this new threat. I mean, the modern Navy should be all about taking the John Boyd's OODA loop to sea to bamboozle and confound competitors who are a little less flexible. And so the American Fleet needs to make plug and play a reality–and the best way to really start doing that is in the small-boat/JHSV/legacy-LCS world.
In that way, America can have ships that are available quickly, that are relevant to today's fight, and yet open to the weaponry of tomorrow.
Conclusion:
In the near-to-mid term, America does not need to play in the 2,000 to 4,500 ton multi-purpose, high-survivability combatant niche. Even an austere Level III survivability DDG-51 trumps anything in the 2,000 to 4,500 ton weight-class, and the existing 10-ship JHSV/24-ship LCS fleet–combined with small PT-boat like craft operating from the local MLP/AFSB–can handle the outreach and small-harbor visiting role quite nicely.
When coupled with a real effort to drive downsize of effectors/sensors and work in enabling rapid deployment of new tech across fleets and platforms, this grab-bag of platforms offers the right technical mix–flexibility to both test/trial new tech while wielding a goodly amount of immediately applicable combat capability.
New U.S. frigates are coming. If the rumors are true, then America has the makings of a fine baseline Frigate emerging from the Offshore Patrol Cutter program. So with the OPC advancing, there is no need to rush things or to waste precious time and resources fielding an entirely new frigate or in cramming old-school weapons into an LCS hull.
Instead, let's pour money into miniaturized weapons/sensors and invest in a means to speed onboarding of new tech throughout the fleet. Then, once the OPC is ready in a few years, and the bugs worked out at the Coast Guard, America can flow that new combat capability into the hull and make it that frigate everybody wants–a relatively small, cost-effective platform that actually is capable of outmatching all other comers in the vessel's weight class. And maybe, just maybe, America will finally have a frigate-type combatant that can do more on a modern, complex battlefield than just getting into trouble and then dying quickly.
“The best camera is the one that's with you”. This phrase, coined by the award-winning photographer Chase Jarvis, probably best describes the impact that smartphone cameras had and still have on the world of photography. The cameras built into our phones may still be inferior to dedicated digital cameras in general and SLR cameras in particular, but they are constantly getting closer and they have the priceless advantage of always being within reach.When the first touchscreen smartphones made waves in 2007 and 2008, the camera industry was doing very well. In 2008, members of the CIPA , an association of the world's most renowned camera makers, shipped almost 120 million digital cameras and probably didn't worry too much about the upcoming competition. Back then, smartphone cameras were no match in terms of image quality and photo apps such as Instagram or Snapchat hadn't been invented yet.10 years later, the situation of the camera industry looks very different. Not only do most people always have their smartphone with them, but the lenses and sensors built into mobile phones are getting better and better. Having raced to ever-higher megapixel counts in the early years of the smartphone boom, recent developments have focused on improving image depth and performance in low-light conditions, both areas in which the difference between smartphones and dedicated cameras used to be most obvious. As our chart illustrates, global camera shipments by CITA members dropped by more than 80 percent since peaking in 2010. Last year, the world's largest camera makers shipped 19.4 million units, the lowest number of digital cameras since 2001 and the lowest number of cameras per se since 1984.
The world's food situation is bleak, and shortsighted policies in the United States and other wealthy countries — which are diverting crops to environmentally dubious biofuels — bear much of the blame.
According to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, the price of wheat is more than 80 percent higher than a year ago, and corn prices are up by a quarter. Global cereal stocks have fallen to their lowest level since 1982.
As usual, the brunt is falling disproportionately on the poor. The F.A.O. estimates that the cereal import bill of the neediest countries will increase by a third for the second year in a row. Prices have gone so high that the World Food Program , which aims to feed 73 million people this year, said it might have to reduce rations or the number of people it will help.
The world has faced periodic bouts when it looked as if population growth would outstrip the food supply. Each time, food production has grown to meet demand. This time it might not be so easy.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Population growth and economic progress are part of the problem. Consumption of meat and other high-quality foods —mainly in China and India— has boosted demand for grain for animal feed. Poor harvests due to bad weather in this country and elsewhere have contributed. High energy prices are adding to the pressures.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Yet the most important reason for the price shock is the rich world's subsidized appetite for biofuels. In the United States, 14 percent of the corn crop was used to produce ethanol in 2006 — a share expected to reach 30 percent by 2010. This is also cutting into production of staples like soybeans, as farmers take advantage of generous subsidies and switch crops to corn for fuel.
John Kerry at a press conference at the North American Leaders' Summit in Ottawa, Ontario. Thomson Reuters The State Department is reportedly trying to walk back comments that Secretary of State John Kerry made about Syria during an appearance in Aspen, Colorado, last month.
When asked about the US's anti-ISIS strategy in Syria, Kerry said that "the most important thing, frankly, is seeing if we can reach an understanding with the Russians about how to, No. 1, deal with Daesh and al-Nusrah," Kerry said, referring to ISIS and Al Qaeda's offshoot in Syria, Jabhat al-Nusra.
Kerry then characterized two other Syrian rebel groups, Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham, as "subgroups" of ISIS and Nusra.
"There are a couple of subgroups underneath the two designated [terrorist groups], Daesh and Jabhat al-Nusra — Jaysh al-Islam, Ahrar al-Sham, particularly — who brush off and fight with that alongside these other two sometimes to fight the Assad regime," they said.
It is true that rebel groups in Syria fighting forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad sometimes coordinate or shift alliances to improve their battlefield odds. Indeed, Nusra and Ahrar al-Sham are members of the Jaysh al-Fateh (Army of Conquest) anti-Assad military alliance that now controls most of Idlib Province.
Neither Jaysh al-Islam nor Ahrar al-Sham, however, is a UN-designated terrorist organization. Both have expressed that they are opposed to ISIS. And neither is beholden to, nor takes orders from, Nusra.
Members of the Nusra Front before moving toward their positions during an offensive to take control of Ariha from forces loyal to Syria's President Bashar Assad on May 28, 2015. Ammar Abdullah/Reuters
The Washington Post's Josh Rogin first noticed the comment, which apparently annoyed State Department officials who say that they have "been arguing to make sure the Russians and the Syrian regime don't equate these groups [Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham] with the terrorists."
"Kerry's line yields that point," a senior administration official told Rogin.
"Baffled. SMH," another said in an email, using an abbreviation for the expression "shaking my head."
State Department spokesperson John Kirby confirmed to The Post that the administration's policy with regard to Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham had not changed.
Still, "it's a telling gaffe," Middle East expert Tony Badran, a research fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, told Business Insider on Tuesday. "And it's revealing about the kind of conversation they're having with the Russians — and where, usually, that conversation leads."
Political expedience
Russia intervened in Syria on behalf of its ally, Assad, in late September. Since then, Moscow has pushed for the UN to list Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham — which are staunchly opposed to Assad — as terrorist organizations. This is for political reasons and to justify its continued strikes on areas of Syria where ISIS, also known as ISIL or the Islamic State, has little to no presence.
Jaysh al-Islam, which is backed by Saudi Arabia, is one of the most important rebel groups in Syria, with a formidable presence east of Syria's capital, Damascus. Mohammed Alloush, a leading Jaysh al-Islam figure, was the chief negotiator for the opposition High Negotiations Committee before they resigned in May, citing a lack of progress on humanitarian issues.
A Russian airstrike targeted and killed the leader of Jaysh al-Islam, Zahran Alloush, in the village of Utaya to the east of Damascus in December.
Rebel fighters of Jaysh al-Islam (Army of Islam) on May 6, 2015. Amer Almohibany/Reuters
Ahrar al-Sham, a powerful Islamist rebel brigade headquartered in Syria's Idlib Province, is backed by Turkey and has criticized and clashed with ISIS in the past.
Until now, it has been politically pragmatic for the US to refrain from characterizing Jaysh al-Islam or Ahrar al-Sham as terrorists. Doing so would most likely further undermine peace talks and paint Washington as sympathetic to Russia's bombing campaign — which has frequently targeted rebel groups supported by important US allies and the Central Intelligence Agency.
"Russia considers all revolutionaries and rebel groups as ISIS or al-Nusra to justify its indiscriminate shelling of civilians and the moderate opposition," Mouaz Moustafa, executive director of the Syrian Emergency Task Force, told The Post on Monday.
But the administration's political calculations may be shifting in light of a new proposal by President Barack Obama — which was reportedly opposed by Defense Secretary Ash Carter — to coordinate more closely with the Russians in Syria against Al Qaeda.
Not the first time
It would not be the first time that the Obama administration has touted a Russia-aligned policy in Syria at a politically sensitive moment.
In the midst of a countrywide truce brokered by the US and Russia in late February, US Army Col. Steve Warren, then the spokesperson for Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq, was asked whether Russian airstrikes on Aleppo — the epicenter of the war since late last year — meant that Moscow was preparing to end the cessation-of-hostilities agreement.
Warren responded that it was "complicated" because Nusra "holds Aleppo" and is not party to the agreement.
Col. Steve Warren talking to reporters at a news conference at the US Embassy in the heavily fortified Green Zone in Baghdad, Iraq, on October 1. REUTERS/Khalid Mohammed
Many experts and analysts were quick to point out, however, that Nusra has never controlled Aleppo nor maintained a significant presence there. While Nusra had indeed been building up its presence in Aleppo since February, the city is also occupied by civilians and armed opposition groups associated with the US-backed Free Syrian Army that agreed to abide by the fragile agreement.
As the Middle East analyst Kyle Orton noted on Twitter at the time, Warren came "pretty close" to saying that the coalition supported Russia's airstrikes in the city.
Then as now, observers wondered whether Warren had misspoken. But the US has been steadily accommodating an increasing number of Russian demands in Syria, including one to urge the moderate opposition to stop comingling with Nusra so that Moscow can bomb its positions — even though, some rebels have complained, weakening Nusra would mean strengthening Assad.
Obama with Kerry, US Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power, and Deputy National Security Adviser Benjamin Rhodes on September 25, 2014. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
For the US's top diplomat to now indicate that they agree with Russia's characterization of Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham as terrorist groups sends more mixed signals — whether to Syrian rebels or political allies — about Washington's commitment to the opposition it claims to support.
Writing in the pan-Arab daily newspaper Al-Hayat, Ibrahim Hamidi noted that European diplomats were unnerved by what they perceived as a bilateral discussion between Washington and Moscow that had gone over their heads — and were engaged in intense discussions about how to "control the Obama administration's rush toward the Russian position on Syria."
And rebels are reportedly concerned that Washington's new cooperation with the Russians means "dismantling Jaysh al-Fateh, which opens the door to a regime victory and reproducing the regime with Russian backing," Hamidi added.
In any case, analysts agree that Kerry's comments bizarrely — and inaccurately— conflated roughly five different rebel groups in Syria that are either military allies or in competition with one another.
"It's true that the groups fighting Assad are hard to distinguish and often co-mingle, but US policy is based on knowing which are which," Rogin wrote. "Kerry muddied the waters. That's typically Moscow's job."
Despite its name, the Pentax K-S2 ($699.95, body only) isn't a replacement for last year's K-S1, it's simply the second entry in the company's new line of midrange D-SLRs. The K-S2 has many of the features you'd expect to find in a Pentax camera, including full weather sealing, and the dual control dials and pentaprism viewfinder that other SLR makers reserve for more expensive models. But it's not without its foibles; video quality leaves a lot to be desired, with no continuous AF option available, the burst shooting buffer is very limited, and the companion Wi-Fi app needs some serious work. Another Pentax camera, the K-3, is our current Editors' Choice for SLRs under $1,000. It's an older model, but still quite capable, and available at a very good price because of the introduction of its successor, the K-3 II ($1,099.95).
Design and Features
The K-S2 is about the same size as other SLRs in its class. It measures 3.6 by 4.8 by 2.6 inches (HWD) and weighs about 1.4 pounds without a lens. For a long time Pentax had a considerable advantage in compact design when it came to SLRs, but that gap has narrowed; the Canon EOS Rebel SL1 (3.6 by 4.6 by 2.7 inches, 13.1 ounces) and the Nikon D5500 (3.8 by 4.9 by 2.8 inches, 14.7 ounces) are both in the same size class, and are both lighter.
We're reviewing the K-S2 as a body only, but it can also be had in a kit with the compact, retractable SMC DA-L 18-50mm F4-5.6 DC WR RE zoom for $799.95. Pentax often markets its cameras in various colors, and at press time there are a several variation available: Black, Black and Orange, Black and Pink, Black with Racing Stripe, White, White and Lime, White with Racing Stripe, Forest Green, Stone Gray, and the Desert Beige that I received for review.
The K-S2 may be on the small side, but its control layout is solid. There aren't any buttons to the left of the hot shoe and flash on the top plate—there's no room—but to the right you'll find the standard mode dial, the Pentax Green button, an exposure compensation button, and the Wi-Fi button. The shutter release and the power switch sit ahead of the top buttons; it's a three-stage switch, with dedicated positions for taking stills and video. A front control dial sits ahead of it on the hand grip.
The left side of the body houses a toggle switch to change between manual and autofocus, a mechanical release for the pop-up flash, and the Raw/Fx button. The latter can be reprogrammed; I set it to activate depth of field preview, which is a feature that's absent from other other midrange SLRs, including the Nikon D5500. I was disappointed that the focus selector only had two positions; the three-position switch that Pentax used on the K-5 IIs was a favorite of mine, as it allowed for very quick changes between continuous and standard autofocus modes.
Rear controls include a button to toggle Live View, squeezed in the corner to the left of the optical viewfinder, and a control dial and AF/AE-L button to the right of the eyepiece. A four-way control pad sits to the right of the LCD, with directional controls for ISO, the drive mode, white balance, and flash settings. Holding down the center OK button switches its function to manual autofocus point selection. Playback, Info, and Menu options round out the rear buttons.
When you're not in Live View mode, the rear display shows current camera settings, including the aperture, shutter speed, ISO, exposure compensation value, metering pattern, focus mode, active focus point, and other sundry information. The LCD itself is plenty big at 3 inches, and sharp at 921k dots. It's mounted on a hinge—a first for a Pentax SLR—and can swing out from the body, face up, down, and all the way forward. You can also hide the LCD against the body, which will protect it from damage.
Hiding the LCD away also forces you to think about framing images via the optical finder, and takes away the temptation to review each photo after it's been shot—which can take you out of the moment. The K-S2 uses a solid glass pentaprism viewfinder with 100 percent frame coverage, a rarity in entry-level and midrange SLRs. Competing models from Canon and Nikon, including Canon's newest T6i and T6s models, instead use a pentamirror design to bounce light to your eye. This type of finder is lighter and less expensive to produce, but also typically smaller and dimmer than a glass prism.
Wi-Fi is built into the K-S2, a first for a Pentax SLR. It works in conjunction with the free Ricoh Image Sync app, available for iOS and Android. Connecting the camera to my iPhone 6 Plus was easy enough; the K-S2 broadcasts its own network, and displays its password in the camera menu. Simply press and hold the top Wi-Fi button on the camera until the screen says that Wi-Fi is enabled, then connect to the K-S2's network via your phone's settings menu.
That's where the ease ends. To call the Ricoh Image Sync app unintuitive is like calling Watergate a minor incident in Richard Nixon's political career. It's a mess. It's easy to browse images that are stored on the camera's memory card, but if you want to copy them to your phone you've first got to select them with a blue check mark, then press and hold a photo until a pop-up display of icons in circles opens on the screen, and have the wherewithal to understand that the icon that resembles a camera with a Wi-Fi signal strength indicator over it is the one you should press to copy them to your device. This is, of course, if the menu stays on the screen. More often than not it would pop open and immediately shrink back into the ether on my device. This led to me sitting in front of my phone, pressing, and pressing, and pressing, until the menu remained active long enough to press the transfer button.
Transfers are slow: a JPG requires about 30 seconds, which is just unacceptable. If you want to get that JPG over to your main camera roll you must press and hold it, then tap the icon that resembles a smartphone. What's further frustrating is that the app allows you to transfer Raw images and videos as well, but once you've waited for them to copy over (and they take forever), they're nowhere to be found.
Image transfer woes aside, the app is a pretty solid performer when it comes to remote control shooting. The Live View feed is a little laggy, but not terribly so, and it provides access to full manual shooting controls, and allows you to tap on an area of the frame to focus.
Performance and Conclusions
The K-S2 is a responsive camera, but it's not the fastest model that the company has to offer. It starts and captures an in-focus image in about 1.3 seconds, focuses in about 0.07-second, and can capture short bursts of images at 5.5fps. I did find the short burst capability to be limited—it only captures 7 JPGs, 5 Raw, or 4 Raw+JPG shots before slowing down. The K-3 shoots at 8.1fps and can capture about 25 images before slowing down, regardless of file format.
The autofocus system is the same 11-point design found in the K-S1. It's not the best Pentax has to offer (again, look to the K-3's 27-point system for that), but I was able to get in-focus shots of larger birds in flight when pairing the camera with the DA* 60-250mm F4 ED (IF) SDM lens and setting it to AF-C mode. But again, the small shooting buffer limits the K-S2's usefulness for capturing sports and wildlife. In low light, focus is a little slow, requiring about 0.8-second to lock on. Live View focus is also on the slow side—0.6-second in bright light and 2.6 seconds in dim conditions.
We're reviewing the K-S2 as a body only, but it is available in a kit along with the SMC DA-L 18-50mm F4-5.6 DC WR RE lens at a $100 premium. It's the first retractable lens that Pentax has offered, and like the camera body it has a weather-resistant design. At press time Pentax is not selling the lens on its own. However, it does sell the HD DA 18-50mm F4-5.6 DC WR RE. Aside from a different lens coating, and the fact that the HD version includes a hood, the lenses are identical from a mechanical and optical perspective.
See How We Test Digital Cameras
The 18-50mm lens is reasonably sharp, although distortion is an issue. At 18mm f/4 the lens scores 1,939 lines per picture height on an Imatest center-weighted sharpness test, a bit better than the 1,800 lines we require to call a photo sharp. Edges are just a little soft, showing about 1,700 lines, but that's not out of the ordinary for a kit lens. There's a modest overall improvement in the image score at f/5.6 (2,041 lines), and the score remains steady at f/8. The lens shows about 1.9 percent barrel distortion at its widest setting, which adds a noticeable outward curve to images.
Zooming to about the midpoint narrows the maximum aperture to f/4.5, but the lens still produces solid results at 35mm. It scores 2,050 lines wide open, with edges that hover around 1,700, and improves to 2,139 lines with 1,800-line edges at f/5.6. Peak performance is at f/8, with an average sharpness score of 2,200 lines and edges that just cross the 2,000 line mark. Distortion isn't an issue at 35mm.
At 50mm the light-gathering capability is modest, just f/5.6. But the lens is crisp at 2,115 lines, and edges are pretty good at 1,741 lines. Stopping down to f/8 improves the overall sharpness to 2,200 lines, with edges that are just shy of 2,000 lines. There is a bit of pincushion distortion, about 1 percent, which is noticeable in lab tests but should be less of an issue in the field; it's unlikely that you'll be using this lens for serious architectural photography, after all.
The K-S2 uses a 20-megapixel image sensor that omits an optical low pass filter—so images are, generally speaking, crisper than a camera that uses an OLPF—and it includes in-body image stabilization. This allows you to use lower ISOs in dim lighting, and it can also be used to simulate the effects of an OLPF for those times when you're shooting a subject that is prone to exhibiting color moiré patterns.
I used Imatest to see how much noise shows up in images with the OLPF simulation disabled. When shooting JPG images at default settings, the K-S2 keeps noise under 1.5 percent through ISO 3200, which is a good, but not stellar, result. At ISO 6400 noise increases to 1.9 percent, but some aggressive in-camera noise reduction drops the figure down to 1.5 percent at ISO 12800. I took a close look at images from our ISO test sequence (included in the slideshow that accompanies this review) on a calibrated NEC MultiSync PA271W display, and was happy to see that images are still very crisp at ISO 3200. There is some smudging of detail at ISO 6400, but you should still feel comfortable pushing the camera that far when shooting JPGs. ISO 12800 is a bit too blurry for my tastes, as is ISO 25600, and the top ISO 51200 sensitivity shouldn't be used when capturing JPGs.
If you shoot in Raw you can push the camera a bit further and get a sharp image. There's a heck of a lot of noise at ISO 51200, but you can still make out details through the grain. ISO 25600 is very useable in Raw if you don't mind some roughness, and ISO 12800 should make most available light photographers happy. Raw image crops, developed in Adobe Lightroom CC using default settings, are also included in the slideshow. When pushed to its extreme settings in Raw format, the K-S2 lags just behind the Nikon D5500 in terms of image detail.
The K-S2 records 1080p30 video in QuickTime format. The footage is as sharp and crisp as you'd expect from HD video, but there are some drawbacks. A rolling shutter effect is evident, and it gives motion a bit of a jelly-like look, which is less than ideal. Video autofocus is fairly quick, but it has to be initiated manually via the rear AF/AE-L button—there's no continuous autofocus available when recording video. Voices come up loud and clear on the soundtrack, but you can hear the 18-50mm lens as it changes focus. Pentax does include an external mic port if you want to capture high-quality audio with your video. There's also a micro HDMI port to connect to an HDTV, and a standard micro USB port. And you get a dedicated card slot for SD/SDHC/SDXC card formats. An external battery charger is included.
The Pentax K-S2 is an attractive option for photographers who don't put an emphasis on video capture. Its 20-megapixel image sensor omits a low pass filter to maximize clarity, and the shake reduction system can also simulate the effects of an OLPF to eliminate color moiré. The weather-sealed design lets you shoot in any condition without worry, and the very basic 18-50mm kit lens that's available in a bundle with the camera is also sealed. But along with disappointing video capture, the built-in Wi-Fi is very slow, and the autofocus system isn't quite the equal of another Pentax body, our Editors' Choice K-3. The K-3 is an older model, and it won't be available forever, so Pentax shooters in the market for a body at around this price point should grab one while they can.
Details are slowly coming out about Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer during their father's presidential campaign in June 2016, including a newly disclosed email from the lawyer to a music publicist who arranged the meeting. (Elyse Samuels,Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Like all new FBI agents at Quantico, I got to know one particular individual very well when I was in the academy there. Them name was Carla F. Bad. Strictly speaking, they were not actually a person but an acronym, whose name was a mnemonic device for all the ways the bureau taught agents to measure people seeking positions of public trust: character, associates, reputation, loyalty, ability, finances, bias, alcohol and drugs. Carla F. Bad is the touchstone against which FBI agents learn to assess a person's honesty, integrity and trustworthiness in the course of checking their background. And they — rather than the criminal code — might be precisely what best reveals the shortcomings of the Trump administration.
The revelation that Donald Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer to try to obtain incriminating information about Hillary Clinton has sparked another round of analysis on the technicalities of criminal law. Specifically, legal experts are focused on whether Jared Kushner, a White House adviser and President Trump's son-in-law, who also attended the meeting, violated the law by failing to disclose this meeting on a government background form. But focusing on bright-line rules of criminality misses the point. The deeper question is whether members of Trump's administration can uphold the trust that has been placed in them as flight attendants of the government they have been chosen to lead. On this front, the criminal code shouldn't be the only yardstick. Even if Trump's aides and family members have managed to toe the line of the law, the news out of the Russia investigation so far leaves little reason to have faith in their judgment.
[I was an FBI agent. Trump's lack of concern about Russian hacking shocks me.]
For the record, the form in question isn't easy to fill out. The SF-86 , more than 100 pages long, asks an individual seeking a national security position — one requiring a security clearance — for every place they've ever lived, every country they've ever visited, background information on every close relative and almost every possible variation on their contacts with foreign officials. Even knowing that a false statement can carry a penalty of up to five years in prison, it's not uncommon for even the most honest person filling out the form to inadvertently omit a piece of information. On my own SF-86, which I completed when I was 27 to become a special agent for the FBI, I failed to disclose a speeding ticket I got when traveling home from college for Thanksgiving when I was 19. I got a grilling from FBI agents: Why did I not mention this? “I forgot” wasn't the answer they wanted, but to my relief, they did accept it.
Which brings up the bigger picture: The SF-86 isn't an end in itself or an attempt to entrap someone in a falsehood. It's a starting point for the FBI to determine the kind of person you are — and whether you can be trusted to guard sensitive information, uphold the law and protect the United States. And that's where Carla F. Bad comes in. It is most often questions that arise on these grounds, not false statements on the application, that prevent hundreds of individuals every year from obtaining their dream job in the federal government. In fiscal 2015 , the last year for which data was available, the government approved 638,679 security clearances, but at some agencies, such as the CIA, as many as 8.5 percent of applications were denied. The government reported that “foreign influence” was the most common reason for delaying clearances, followed by “financial considerations.”
Measuring the actions of Kushner, members of Trump's campaign and even the president themselves against Carla F. Bad is revealing. Consider the questions an FBI agent would ask a reference while conducting a background check: Can this person be trusted to do the right thing in a difficult situation? Is this person known as reliable and honest in their community? Does this person associate with individuals of questionable integrity? Has this person ever demonstrated a bias against a particular group of people? Does this person spend money wisely, or are they in serious debt? Has this person done or said anything to make you question their allegiance to the United States and its institutions? Answering “yes” to any of these would not make the person in question a criminal. But it would raise serious red flags about their suitability to hold a position of public trust.
[I was in the CIA. We wouldn't trust a country whose leader did what Trump did.]
Lawyers for Trump administration officials insist that their clients didn't break any laws at the meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya in June 2016. But merely following the law is the least we expect of anyone in our society. It should, of course, be the bare minimum of what we expect from our public servants. Carla F. Bad reminds us, though, that as a nation we have held our government officials to something far higher: to common decency, fairness, ethical behavior and moral character. The recent focus on finding a smoking gun of criminality, or defending against it, has blinded us to these qualities. As a result, any behavior that lurks in the gaps of the criminal code is defended as acceptable.
The question isn't whether Kushner or others broke the law in meeting with Veselnitskaya. It's not even whether Trump's campaign aides broke any laws by “colluding” with a foreign power last year. If they did, then they should be held to account — but this is a ceiling, not a floor. To make this the standard of their suitability to lead the country suggests that Congress's failure to imagine and criminalize every possible lapse of ethical conduct is the last word on the expectations of our government officials. The question should be, more simply, whether the pattern of behavior by various members of the administration that has so far come to light demonstrates a capacity or willingness to uphold the public's trust.
On this point, we can't count on the results of the special counsel to provide the answer. As a former FBI director, Robert Mueller is familiar with the spirit of Carla F. Bad, and their principles will no doubt animate the investigations under their charge. In the end, however, Mueller's inquiry will be limited to actions that crossed the threshold of criminality, which is a very narrow question.
It remains to be seen whether any actions by Trump Jr., Kushner, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, former adviser Carter Page, former national security adviser Michael Flynn or anyone else connected to the White House meet the very high standard for criminal liability. But while the criminal investigations take their course, the American public can reach their own verdict on the administration's trustworthiness — and here, Carla F. Bad should be our guide.
Read more:
The Clinton campaign tried to warn you about Trump and Russia. But nobody listened to us.
Why would Russia interfere in the U.S. election? Because it sometimes works.
Congress can't resolve the questions about Trump and Russia on its own
Click Here to See a Detailed Map of Scheduled Construction Activities. When viewing the map, you can click on a specific route/roadway and updated information will be given on what is happening regarding construction.
For a webcam view of the project, click on the link: 2ueBG4m
About this project
The Route 210 and I-435 interchange currently serves nearly 100,000 drivers per day. This project will enhance capacity of I-435 by providing three continuous through lanes in each direction throughout the interchange.
Route 210 is an important freight corridor that serves multimodal freight hubs and was last summer from two lanes to four lanes from Eldon Road to MO 291. The new interchange will be able to accommodate the increased truck and vehicle traffic of Route 210.
This project will also remove the two uncommon high speed ramps to enhance driver expectancy and safety. Ramp reconstruction will enhance safety by providing increased storage and better turning movements. This project also includes the alteration of access at Randolph Road which will result in fewer traffic signal challenges and will improve safety.
What is the project timeline?
Construction began in the fall of 2016.
2:22pm: The Braves announced that Freeman has indeed been placed on the disabled list, though their release indicates that Freeman will miss “approximately 10 weeks.” The Braves added that Ruiz has been recalled from Triple-A to replace Freeman on the roster.
1:33pm: As the Braves feared, first baseman Freddie Freeman suffered a fractured wrist in last night's game when they were hit on the left wrist by a 94 mph fastball from Aaron Loup, reports Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports (Twitter link). Freeman is expected to miss at least eight weeks with the injury, though Rosenthal adds that they won't require surgery to repair the injury.
The Braves, of course, aren't contending for a division title (their current second-place status notwithstanding), but the injury derails an MVP-caliber season for the face of the franchise in Atlanta. Freeman has posted a sensational .341/.461/.748 batting line with 14 home runs, 11 doubles and a triple through their first 164 plate appearances of the season. Dating back to Opening Day 2016, in fact, Freeman's park-adjusted offensive performance (162 wRC+) trails only Mike Trout among active players with at least 300 plate appearances.
[Related: Updated Atlanta Braves depth chart]
Looking to the Braves' roster, it's not clear who exactly will replace Freeman at first base. Atlanta's bench doesn't include any big leaguer with significant experience at the position, as the team's four reserves are currently catcher Kurt Suzuki, infielder Johan Camargo and utilitymen Emilio Bonifacio and Danny Santana. First base options in the upper minors are scarce as well, though third base prospect Rio Ruiz worked out at first base during Spring Training, as David O'Brien of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution recently noted (on Twitter). Theoretically, Ruiz and fellow infielder Jace Peterson (who played first last night following Freeman's exit) could share duties there in the short-term.
FanRag's Jon Heyman reported earlier today that the Braves were already discussing potential outside additions, though options aren't exactly plentiful. The free-agent market doesn't offer many options, either, though veterans James Loney and Ben Paulsen were released by the Tigers and Twins, respectively, earlier this month. Atlanta had Ryan Howard playing with its Triple-A affiliate on a minor league deal earlier this month, but they struggled at the dish and was also released. Fellow veteran Justin Morneau remains unsigned, but they haven't been playing regularly since suiting up for Team Canada in the 2017 World Baseball Classic.
As far as the trade market goes, the Braves likely don't want to part with any significant prospects to fill a relatively short-term gap in what doesn't look to be a winning season. Speaking from a purely speculative standpoint, Cardinals first baseman Matt Adams was shopped this past offseason and still doesn't have a clear path to regular at-bats in St. Louis. Veteran Pedro Alvarez is currently with Baltimore's Triple-A affiliate, though he's struggled to a .174/.265/.289 batting line thus far. There are also numerous players with MLB experience that are currently on minor league deals and performing reasonably well at Triple-A, including Ji-Man Choi (Yankees), Efren Navarro (Tigers), Matt Hague (Twins) and Christian Walker (D-backs), the latter of whom was briefly property of the Braves this offseason. Certainly, none of the names listed will generate much excitement among Braves fans, though any could pick up as a depth option at a reasonably low cost.
The history of consumer goods is littered with brilliant ideas that weren't quite ready for public consumption yet. In the '50s, if you wanted to listen to some music in your vehicle, your choices were listening to the radio or forcing your family members to sing. Until the invention of the Highway Hi-Fi in-car record player changed all that. Or could have, if it had caught on with the public.
You know, records: those large, flat vinyl discs susceptible to scratches and prone to skipping that people used for playing music for much of the 20th century. In a world without consumer magnetic tape players, how else were you going to transport music into vehicles? Multiple companies thought that turntables for the car were fantastic and commercially viable ideas. They were not. Consumer Reports unearthed this bit of semi-forgotten tune-blasting history from the late '50s and early '60s.
The first in-car record system was the Highway Hi-Fi, available on some Chrysler vehicles beginning in 1956. The system cost the equivalent of about $1,700 in 2014 dollars, and could only use proprietary 7″ records when the system debuted. It came with a handy selection of records: Broadway musicals, radio drama selections, and pop tunes. You could order additional records from Columbia and a later version of the system accepted standard 45 RPM records.
After the demise of the Highway Hi-Fi, RCA introduced a similar, cheaper system. Naturally, the predecessors of our tune-testing colleagues down the hall at Consumer Reports tested it to find out whether it was worth buying. The in-car Victrola cost only $410 in today's dollars–not cheap, but not ridiculous, either. It held 14 records, which was good for a few hours of music or talk if you bought extended-play 45 RPM discs and wanted to listen to everything in the player. (A 45 RPM record is one of those 7-inch discs that holds maybe one song on each side.)
A competing system from Norelco only held one standard 45, so the driver would have to swap out the disc or maybe hit “repeat” after every song. Also, testers noted that the turntable ran fast, resulting in quicker, higher-pitched music than was intended.
Give your car stereo's cassette, CD, or integrated digital infotainment system an affectionate pat the next time you get in your car. Their innovative ancestors weren't marketplace successes, but driving a car with only a radio is now almost unthinkable.
Record players were the infotainment systems of the 1950s and '60s [Consumer Reports]
How the Highway Hi-Fi Record Player Was Invented for Chrysler Products [Imperial Club]
Image caption The shore at Dalgety Bay has been cordoned off for further investigations
Scotland's environmental watchdog has given the MoD until the end of February to devise a plan to make safe a Fife beach contaminated with radioactivity.
Sepa said that if the deadline was not met the land at Dalgety Bay would be declared officially contaminated.
The radiation is thought to be linked to the remains of wartime aircraft buried in the area.
The MoD said a meeting on the issue had been constructive and it was working with locals and the agencies involved.
Over the past few months more than 200 radioactive particles have been discovered in the area.
Part of the shore was cordoned off last month for further investigation into radioactive sources.
The radioactivity is thought to come from dials of World War II aircraft.
It is deeply disappointing that this situation has arisen as a result of inaction from the Ministry of Defence Richard Lochead, Environment Secretary
Dalgety Bay hosted a wartime airfield, where many aircraft were dismantled.
Community risk
The dials in the planes were coated with radioactive radium so they could be read at night.
They were later used as landfill and it is thought that erosion has led to leaks into the sea which have washed onto the foreshore.
Following a meeting between Sepa, the MoD and members of the local community, Sepa's radioactivity specialist Dr Paul Dale told BBC Scotland: "We have set out a timetable that we expect a full draft of the MoD's plan by the end of January with a final set of plans by the end of February.
"If that isn't forthcoming, Sepa will continue with its progress to designate the land as contaminated by the end of March."
If Sepa did declare the area as "Radioactive Contaminated Land", it is understood this would be the first time it had happened in the UK.
Analysis In today's bright winter sunshine Dalgety Bay sparkled with a magical calm. The only sounds were the cries of oystercatchers, the beating wings of a heron and the lapping of the Firth of Forth. The sleepy bay is home to an affluent commuter town and is popular with locals and visitors alike. But beneath the sand are the hidden scars of war - particles contaminated by luminous radium paint used on the instrument dials of old warplanes. Even so many residents we spoke to were more concerned about their wealth than their health. Some say they have lived here for decades without any ill effects but they are now worried about negative media coverage driving away tourists and forcing down house prices. They are calling for the MoD to act not just to make the foreshore safe but to remove a perceived stigma from this beautiful bay.
An area of high radioactivity is only legally declared as contaminated if there is not a suitable action plan in place to deal with the problem.
Environment Secretary Richard Lochhead said: "It is deeply disappointing that this situation has arisen as a result of inaction from the Ministry of Defence.
"I have urged the MoD on a number of occasions to take immediate action and come forward with credible plans to investigate the source of the contamination at Dalgety Bay.
"I would have expected the level of radioactivity to have impelled those responsible to do the right thing for the people of Dalgety Bay and clean up this mess."
They added that despite not receiving a response from the MoD to their letter in October, they would be writing again to Defence Secretary Philip Hammond.
"I am keen to establish the precise nature of their commitment," Mr Lochhead said. "The Scottish government prefers that a voluntary approach is taken by the MoD."
In a statement, the MoD said: "We had a constructive meeting today and we will continue to work with the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (Sepa), the Scottish Executive and the Dalgety Bay Forum."
Independent experts
Radioactive particles were first found on the beach more than 20 years ago.
However, there has recently been an increase in the number of particles found, with more than 100 discovered since the beginning of October.
One particle was 10-times more radioactive than those found previously.
Sepa recently said that if exposed through erosion the material could pose a risk to the community.
It also revealed that further work was carried out last weekend to remove three more sources of radiation from the beach at Dalgety Bay, including one "which gave an extremely high" reading of radioactivity.
Sepa also announced that it plans to establish a group of independent experts in radioactivity to help provide advice and guidance on the contamination at Dalgety Bay.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown earlier called for urgent action to tackle the problem.
EXCLUSIVE: Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Oscar-winner Common are set to star in the semi-autobiographical dark comedy, All About Nina, the directorial debut film from screenwriter Eva Vives (Raising Victor Vargas).
The story follows Nina Geld (Winstead), a bracingly funny and blisteringly provocative stand-up comedian whose career is taking off, but whose personal life is a near-complete disaster. To escape a difficult ex and to prepare for a prospectively life-changing audition, Nina flees to Los Angeles where they meet Rafe (Common), who challenges almost every preconception they have — including those around their own deeply troubled past.
Beau Bridges, Kate Del Castillo, Chace Crawford, Clea DuVall, Jay Mohr, Melonie Diaz, Camryn Manheim, Mindy Sterling and Angelique Cabral co-star in the film.
Vives is a producer on the project, which hails from the 2016 Sundance Institute's Screenwriters and Directors Labs, along with Natalie Qasabian, Eric B. Fleischman and Sean Tabibian of Diablo Entertainment. Exec producers are Brian Kavanaugh-Jones and Joshua Astrachan.
CAA is overseeing domestic sales for All About Nina.
Winstead, repped by WME, starred on the third season of the FX series, Fargo, and their recent film credits include Paramount's 10 Cloverfield Lane and Swiss Army Man from A24. Common, a newly minted Emmy-winner, was recently seen on the big screen in John Wick: Chapter 2 and Megan Leavey with Kate Mara. He's a client of CAA.
Vives, whose 2000 short film Five Feet High And Rising, won prizes at both Sundance and Cannes, is repped by CAA.
Uh-oh, it looks like it's Jen Hatmaker's turn.
The protectors of orthodoxy appear to have drawn a bead on them as they did on Rachel Held Evans, Rob Bell and Brian McLaren before them
And it's getting ugly.
Not only are they repudiating their views on various issues (especially on same-sex marriage), but they're even attacking them for daring to express the pain that all this criticism is causing them
Sadly, this is what happens when religious communities become obsessed with building walls to exclude others. Sooner or later they start excluding their own, throwing those members they perceive to be recalcitrant over the wall to the wolves below.
We see it most clearly in closed communities like Scientology, or in cults like Jonestown or the Branch Davidians, or among fundamentalist churches like Westboro Baptist.
And we deplore it.
We're sickened by it.
But often we fail to see it when it's practiced within our own communities.
Hey, I'm not saying conservative evangelicalism is as bad as Jonestown, but I do know this: once the pack starts circling an identified victim there's very little stopping it. And if you think I'm exaggerating, recall John Piper's incendiary tweet “Farewell, Rob Bell”, written in response to Bell's book Love Wins. Over the wall you go, Rob Bell.
When Jen Hatmaker wrote a raw and heartfelt blog about the pain she's been through over recent attacks and posted it on Good Friday, they were taken to task for daring to identify their pain with that of Christ's. One conservative blogger referred to “wounded wolves” who prey on their followers to lead them astray.
It was brutal.
I've spoken personally to Brian McLaren about the searing pain of rejection they felt when ejected from the fold. And I've heard Rob Bell speak movingly about the cruel and unusual punishment meted out by their evangelical “brothers.”
I'm not suggesting religious communities shouldn't have core beliefs and clear tenets of faith. And I'm not suggesting that religious leaders shouldn't debate and discuss their concerns when members (or fellow leaders) appear to contradict or challenge these beliefs.
But the feeding frenzy around Jen Hatmaker isn't that. It's not a respectful desire to explore matters of the heart, to find common ground, or to discern a way to live respectfully with differences on non-core beliefs.
It's “Farewell, Jen Hatmaker, Offender #11328”.
It's the brutality of unhealthy religion. And wall building and ceremonial ejections are classic signs of unhealthy religion. Other indicators include:
Being chiefly concerned with things to avoid
Measuring quantities (of giving/serving/attending etc.)
Locating our identity in our behavior
Constricting life
Simulating holiness
Seeking argument
Maintaining blind spots
Promotes suspicion
Suppressing thought
Isolating dissenters
Sound familiar?
I think what conservative evangelicals do to their brothers and sisters who come to different views to theirs is a clear mark of unhealthy religion. And I think the fact that evangelicals seem to focus on one prominent dissenter at a time, making an example of that person by public mockery and critique is cruel and unbecoming.
So, what does healthy religion look like? Well, the opposite.
In their book, Bothered and Bewildered, Ann Morisy identifies healthy religion in the following way:
Healthy religion does not indoctrinate, but teaches people to think for themselves; Healthy religion invites us to be humble about what we believe and know; Healthy religion does not invest in negativity; it does not major on what it is against but rather on what it is for; Healthy beliefs stay in tune with reality, never filling in the gaps for what we do not know.
A 2006 Church of England report into the role churches can play in human flourishing found that healthy, life-giving faith will have the following hallmarks:
It will enlarge our imagination: by setting the story of our lives in the framework of a much larger story than ourselves which gives our life coherence, meaning, purpose and direction.
It will teach and encourage the practice of wisdom and holiness: finding our happiness and fulfilment is about coming to a right understanding of who we are, and what it means to be mature human being in terms of vulnerability as well as potential.
It will open us up to the new: while religion continues to be a profoundly important vehicle for personal and community identity it also embraces a humility borne of the awareness that our knowledge is partial – we see through a glass only darkly. Healthy religion gives confidence to embrace the stranger and insights that are available from those with a different experience of life.
It will deepen our sympathies: it unlocks our compassion because it sees the whole of humankind sharing in a common unfolding story.
This surely is something many evangelicals would agree with.
Get the bloodlust out of your system, people. Call off the attack dogs. Start treating your sisters and brothers like sisters and brothers.
In the meantime, let's pray for our sister currently in the crosshairs of unhealthy religion, knowing that at any time it could be you or me who draws the ire of them detractors.
Smell something funky near Safety Harbor?
Pinellas County Environmental Management says it's probably because of the algae bloom in Old Tampa Bay that's stretching from Safety Harbor to the south end of the Bayside Bridge.
The bloom was first visible to officials last week and confirmed this week with testing after reports of discolored water and a pungent odor.
The bloom — Pyrodinium bahamense — isn't uncommon during the summer months in Old Tampa Bay. While this bloom has a reddish-brown tint, it's not the organism known as Florida Red Tide. Still, residents may notice the stench and fish kill.
Fish die because the blooms decrease the levels of dissolved oxygen in the water. Overnight or during cloudy weather, low sunlight makes the algae switch from producing oxygen to stealing it away from the fish. The fish can suffocate from the lower level of oxygen in the water.
If residents observe fish kills, they can call the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission's Fish Kill Hotline at (800) 636-0511 or visit MyFWC.com/FishKill to report them.
NSA leaker & former CIA employee Edward Snowden has asked for political asylum in Russia, saying they could not fly to Latin America, according to human rights activists who met the whistleblower at Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport.
According to Tatyana Lokshina of Human Rights Watch, Snowden seeks to stay in Russia as they “can't fly to Latin America yet.”
When asked if the NSA leaker has any more revelations, Lokshina responded: “He says that their job is done.”
Snowden asked the human rights activists to petition the US and European states not to interfere with their asylum process, they said. The former NSA contractor also asked to intervene with President Putin on their behalf, Lokshina added.
Snowden said they are ready to ask Russia for political asylum and that they “does not intend to harm the US,” according to Russian State Duma MP Vyacheslav Nikonov.
“No actions I take or plan are meant to harm the US... I want the US to succeed,” Snowden said.
Эдвард Сноуден. Фото: Татьяна Локшина из " Human Rights Watch" (Guardian) pic.twitter.com/OsfTHxn16B — Rundschau (@Rundschau) July 12, 2013
Snowden said they do not rule out moving to live in a Latin American country. However, the recent incident in which the Bolivian President Evo Morales' plane was grounded in Austria on suspicion that the NSA leaker was on board discourages Snowden from going there now.
“First, they said that they were dissatisfied with European countries after the Bolivian president's plane was inspected. They want to seek political asylum, at least temporary shelter, in Russia. But their further actions are unclear,” Nikitin said.
According to human rights lawyer Anatoly Kucherena, the request for political asylum has already been written by Snowden. Kucherena said they will provide legal support for the former NSA contractor seeking asylum.
The Russian authorities should be able to decide on Snowden's asylum request in two to three weeks' time, they added.
Meanwhile, Russia's presidential human rights ombudsman Vladimir Lukin suggested that it would be better for Snowden to ask the UN or the ICRC for refugee status instead of seeking asylum in Russia. That way it won't harm Russian-American relations, they added.
The US Embassy called several rights activists before their meeting with Snowden, asking to deliver the official American stance on their actions.
“It is true that I received a call from the American Embassy in the name of [US Ambassador to Russia Michael] McFaul, in which I was asked to deliver to Snowden the US official stand, which says they are not considered a rights activist, that they broke the law and therefore must be made accountable,” Lokshina confirmed to RIA Novosti.
However, Washington denied that US diplomats asked Human Rights Watch to deliver a message to Snowden.
“We simply explained our position on Snowden to a representative of Human Rights Watch,” a source at the US Department of State told Interfax.
Thirteen Russian and international human rights advocates and lawyers have gathered at Moscow Sheremetyevo Airport for a meeting with Snowden. The whistleblower said the living conditions were fine at the airport and they felt safe there, but they know they can't stay there forever, according to Lokshina.
Right advocates who received letters from Snowden and agreed to come to the meeting included representatives of Amnesty International, Transparency International, Human Rights Watch and other organizations, as well as well-known Russian lawyers.
The meeting started behind closed doors in an undisclosed area of Sheremetyevo's Terminal F.
Meanwhile, several hundred journalists have surrounded a gray ‘staff only' door guarded by airport security, awaiting for comments from the meeting participants.
Watch RT's special coverage of the event
The Russian president's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov responded by saying the Kremlin has not yet received any formal asylum request from Snowden. The conditions for theirs staying in Russia remain the same as voiced by Vladimir Putin earlier, they added.
Should Snowden apply for asylum, Russia will consider their request, Peskov said.
Russia was one of over twenty countries to which Snowden sent asylum request according to Wikileaks. President Vladimir Putin said then Snowden may stay in Russia, if they want to, but only if they stop activities aimed against the United States.
“There is one condition if they want to remain here: they must stop their work aimed at damaging our American partners. As odd as it may sound from me,” Putin told a media conference in Moscow.
In Putin's opinion, Snowden considers themselves “a fighter for human rights” and it seems unlikely that they are going to stop leaking American secret data.
However, Russia is not going to extradite Snowden, the president underlined.
“Russia has never extradited anyone and is not going to do so. Same as no one has ever been extradited to Russia,” Putin stated.
“Snowden, by sincere conviction or for some other reason, considers themselves to be a human rights activist, a fighter for the ideals of democracy and human freedom. Russian human rights activists and organizations, as well as their colleagues abroad acknowledge this. For this reason, extraditing Snowden to a country like the US where capital punishment is enforced is impossible,” Peskov explained to press.
A history of Mother's Day: From campaigns for peace to cards, flowers and family reunions
Posted
On Sunday many Australians will spend the day celebrating their mothers and other special women in their lives.
Some mums may be given cards, flowers and gifts, while others may enjoy breakfast in bed or a lunch out.
Mother's Day has long been a part of the Australian calendar, but where did the idea to dedicate the second Sunday in May to honouring motherhood come from?
The modern Australian celebration of Mother's Day actually grew out of calls for peace and anti-war campaigns following the American Civil War (1861-65).
In 1870, American writer and women's rights activist Julia Ward Howe, best known as the author of the Battle Hymn of the Republic, appealed to women to unite and bring peace throughout the world (later known as the Mother's Day Proclamation).
They proposed that a mother's day for peace be commemorated every year in June.
But the idea of a mother's day did not gain traction until 1908, when West Virginia woman Anna Marie Jarvis held a church memorial to honour the legacy of their mother, Ann Reeves Jarvis.
Ann Jarvis had been a peace activist who nursed wounded soldiers during the Civil War and created mother's day work clubs to address public health issues.
Anna Jarvis wanted to continue their mother's work and pushed to have a day set aside to honour all mothers.
In 1914 their campaigning paid off, when US president Woodrow Wilson officially declared the second Sunday in May to be Mother's Day.
"The impact of the Civil War was still there ... and there was also a rising concern that America might find itself involved in another war, particularly given what was happening in Europe," said Richard Waterhouse, emeritus professor of Australian history at Sydney University.
Mother's Day in Australia
But it was not until 1924, following the losses of World War I, that Mother's Day was first held in Australia.
Sydney woman Janet Heyden started the tradition after becoming concerned for the lonely, forgotten aged mothers at Newington State Hospital where they regularly visited a friend.
They successfully campaigned for local schools and businesses to donate gifts to the ladies.
"There were so many mothers who were no longer mothers, so many wives who were now widowed because of WW1, and there were also so many women who never had the prospect of becoming mothers or wives because a whole generation had been wiped out in the trenches of the Western Front," Professor Waterhouse said.
"There was this mood for Mother's Day, and the American Mother's Day fitted better than other mother's days that were celebrated in other countries."
Commercialisation of Mother's Day
It was during the 1920s that Mother's Day became commercialised in the United States, with card companies like Hallmark and florists marketing gifts.
Anna Jarvis was outraged and spent the rest of their life campaigning against the commercialisation of Mother's Day, dying penniless and in a state of dementia in a sanatorium in 1948.
"Mother's Day was part of a very consumer society which America had become in the 1920s and it was very quickly adopted in Australia as well," Professor Waterhouse said.
Today, Mother's Day is a billion-dollar industry in Australia.
A time for family reunions
While Mother's Day initially began to promote peace and support women, over the years it has become an occasion for family reunions in Australia.
"It's not just about recognising the role of mothers, though that's still there, but it's really recognising Mother's Day as a day in which families can get together," Professor Waterhouse said.
"That's becoming increasingly important because in the busy world in which we live, families don't get together as much as they used to."
Today, Mother's Day is a day for all women.
"It's no longer linked to a particular set of values and a particular view of the role of women," the professor said.
"It has a kind of universal appeal and a cross-cultural appeal so that it can appeal to all ethnic groups in Australia."
Father's Day started 'to counter Mother's Day'
And for those wondering about the origins of Father's Day?
"It was basically made up to balance Mother's Day," Professor Waterhouse said.
"Mother's Day was designed to give women greater moral authority and recognition; men's authority at that stage was unchallenged.
"Father's Day was really a kind of counter to Mother's Day and to some extent a commercial decision."
Topics: family-and-children, family, women, history, human-interest, canberra-2600, act, australia
Literary giant Walt Whitman was an early advocate of what today sounds like the popular paleo diet, according to the author's recently uncovered writings.
“Let the main part of the diet be meat, to the exclusion of all else,” Whitman wrote, according to a New York Times report.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The advice is part of a 47,000-word series advising readers on how to live a healthy life that the poet published in the now-defunct New York Atlas in 1858. In 13 parts, Whitman offers advice on a range of topics including sex, hygiene and footwear, according to a Houston Chronicle report.
The 13-part series was uncovered by University of Houston doctoral candidate Zachary Turpin amidst microfilm that has never been digitized. “It took about 24 hours for it to sink in,” Turpin told the Times of their reaction to their discovery.
Write to Justin Worland at justin.worland@time.com.
Swiss driver Hugo de Sadeleer will race in the 2015 edition of the Eurocup series.
De Sadeleer, 17, will remain with Tech 1 Racing, having contested the 2014 Alps season with the French team.
They were 16th overall in the Alps championship, securing one top-ten finish – a third place at street circuit Pau. They also took part in one guest round in the Eurocup, finishing 18th and 19th.
Earlier, de Sadeleer raced in the Formula BMW Talent Cup in 2012, finishing in eighth place in the Oschersleben Grand Final.
“2014 was a learning year,” said de Sadeleer. “I'll do everything in my power this season to make more progress.”
“My teammates are pretty skilled and that's going to help me to understand their approach and to apply it afterwards. I've never been so motivated!”
Tech 1 Racing won the Eurocup teams' title in 2010 and 2013, but could only take eight overall last year.
This season, de Sadeleer will be joining Simon Gachet at the French team, with Tech 1 set to field two more cars.
“He's a highly-motivated youngster who applies the advice we give him,” assured team boss Simon Abadie. “He's progressing all the time.”
2015 Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 line-up so far
A 17-year old has admitted to 23 charges of extortion, public mischief and criminal harassment, following a string of swatting attacks across the US and Canada. The Canadian teen was charged with terrorising “mostly young, female gamers and their parents” – many of whom they met playing League of Legends.
The 17-year old from Coquitlam cannot be named because of their age. They faced a day-long sentencing late last week, which addressed charges covering BC, Minnesota, Utah, Arizona, Ohio and California.
Crown prosecutor Michael Bauer told the court the teen had “a consistent pattern” of trying to make friends (or more intimate relationships) with gamers online. When faced with inevitable rejection, they then made repeated late-night phonecalls, shut down their internet access, and posted personal information online. Turning their attention to the girl's parents, they would post dates of birth, social insurance numbers and credit card details online, as well as the tried-and-true prank of ordering extravagant pizzas to be delivered.
More seriously though, they would also contact local police, claiming to be holding a family hostage in the girl's homes, announcing they had killed someone in the house, or declaring they had explosives at that address. Bauer explained that they would order a SWAT team to show up with a police helicopter, demand a ransom, or promise to kill any law enforcement official who intervened.
Local media has more details of the teen's activities: They claimed to be a retired FBI agent, holding a family hostage (again with an AR15 rifle), with bombs planted around the house. They posted a Minnesota family's personal details online and destroyed their credit rating as people across the country tried to open bank accounts in their names. They claimed to be in a Utah home where they had tied up their ex-girlfriend's family. They used software to send hundreds of text messages simultaneously to their victim's phone, and hacked personal email addresses and Twitter accounts so that their victims could broadcast their own personal details.
Bauer explained the teen's victims – and presumably their parents – were “frightened” of the teen's cyberbullying, to the point where at least one was forced to withdraw from their college studies due to extreme anxiety.
All of their actions had a strong impact on their livelihood,” they told the judge.
The most serious charge involved a girl in Arizona, who rejected the teen several times before they took action. In this case, they called the Tucson police and claimed they had shot their parents with an AR15 rifle at their address. They told law enforcement that they had explosives primed to go off, and would kill the police if they saw any marked vehicles. Less than a week later, they tried the same approach, using the girl's family home as the address. Police arrived there within minutes, and escorted the girl's father and brother from the house at gunpoint.
The Arizona case attracted a significant amount of media attention – to the point where the teenager actually tweeted a link to an article, bragging that “he made the call”.
Growing increasingly cocky, the teen hosted an eight-hour livestream showing them tormenting and swatting their victims – with many viewers contacting the police when they worked out they aren't kidding. The teenager was arrested just a few days later.
It got to the point where a potential Californian victim contacted their local police after simply declining a Twitter request, because they believed they would be swatted like the other LoL players. They were right – even as police were travelling to their home, the teen had called dispatch to report a family of five held hostages.
…and it's not just gaming. Twice in the past year – once in November and once in March – the same teen admitted bombing hoaxes that shut down the Space Mountain ride in Disneyland. For those incidents, they faced charges of harassment, extortion, uttering threats, breach of recognizance and seven counts of mischief.
The teen has now been charged with more than 40 crimes and remanded in custody for 169 days. Judge Patricia Janzen has ordered a psychiatric evaluation. Sentencing continues, June 29.
As the protest against the derogatory article on a Sri Lankan website against Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa picked up pace, the authorities deported an Under-15 cricket team from Chennai for security reasons.
The cricket team arrived in Chennai to play the JM Haroon cricket tournament. However, in the wake of intensifying protests against the article, the police urged them to leave citing security reasons. They left for Colombo Monday morning.
The Under-15 private tournament is scheduled to be held from August 4-7.
The incident comes close on the heels of a derogatory article against Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on a Sri Lankan official website which also had a graphic image of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The article has now been removed from the website titled "How Meaningful Are Jayalalithaa's Love Letters to Narendra Modi".
The article triggered widespread public and political outrage in the state prompting Sri Lanka to remove it and issue an unqualified apology to the two leaders.
Incidentally, in 2012, Jayalalithaa had, in line with their strident stance against Sri Lanka, ordered the sending home of a soccer team from that country which arrived here to play a friendly match.
The action came against the backdrop of their opposition to India training Sri Lankan military personnel not only in the state but also anywhere else in the country, saying the Lankan forces had committed war crimes against Tamils in the island nation.
An official in the Nehru stadium of the state government was suspended for giving oral approval for the match.
Meanwhile, the Tamil film fraternity protested against the article outside the office of Sri Lankan deputy high commissioner.
LONDON (Reuters) - British police raided an English country pub this week in search of a stolen wooden relic believed by some to be the Holy Grail - a cup from which, according to the Bible, Jesus is said to have drunk at their final meal before crucifixion.
The Grail has captivated religious experts for centuries, spawning myriad theories about its location and inspiring numerous fictional accounts from the Middle Ages onwards.
The object of the police search, which was unsuccessful, was a frail wooden bowl known as the Nanteos Cup that has been attributed with healing powers since the 19th century, attracting pilgrims and others who believe it may be the Holy Grail itself.
After receiving a tip-off, a team of eight officers and a police dog arrived on Sunday morning at the Crown Inn, a village pub in the rural English county of Herefordshire.
“They turned the place upside down. They came with fiber optic cameras to look in all the corners and nooks and crannies, and under the floorboards ... they were clearly serious about it,” the pub's landlady, Di Franklyn, said.
Police said the relic, a dark wooden cup kept inside a blue velvet bag, had been stolen from a house in the area about a month ago. Photographs available online show a bowl-shaped vessel with around half its side missing.
“We get a few rogues and scallywags in the pub, but no one who's quite on the level of stealing a priceless ancient artifact,” Franklyn said.
The cup takes its name from Nanteos Mansion, a country house in Wales where the vessel is reported to have been stored until 1952 after 16th-century monks fleeing King Henry VIII's dissolution of England's monasteries sought refuge there.
The cup was said to have been brought to Britain after Jesus' death by Joseph of Arimathea, the biblical figure who provided Christ with a tomb and, according to legend, brought Christianity to Britain.
Scientists who have examined the cup have said it almost certainly dates from many centuries after the crucifixion, and is not made of the olive wood that might have been expected for a Middle Eastern drinking vessel.
(AP) - Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul took harsh digs at President Barack Obama while mining for votes in Kentucky coalfields Saturday, saying busybody regulators backed by the president are stifling the coal sector.
Paul vowed to challenge Obama "every step of the way" if elected in November, seeking to capitalize on a political environment where flocks of voters have never warmed to the Democratic president.
The Tea Party-backed Paul never mentioned their Democratic opponent, Jack Conway, in their speech at a coal appreciation event in Knott County, instead reserving their attacks for Obama, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and federal environmental regulators.
Paul claimed Obama "cares nothing about Kentucky and cares even less about Kentucky coal."
"We have a president who is forcing the EPA down our throats," Paul said. "Even without changing the rules, the EPA is stifling the permit process, and people (are) out of work here because of the president and their policies.
"With all due respect, Mr. President, you're wrong, and you need to stay out of Kentucky affairs. And you need to keep the EPA out of our affairs because we need jobs, and we're not going to get jobs with a busybody EPA that's in our way."
Paul made overtures to coal families by proclaiming themselves a coal ally who would "defend your way of life." The Bowling Green eye doctor has come under attack from members of the United Mine Workers who recently said they were alarmed by Paul's suggestions in a magazine interview that elected officials in Washington shouldn't be setting coal mining rules.
After their speech, Paul said all levels of government have a role in regulating the coal industry, adding that their preference generally is for "more local over federal" oversight.
Paul, an advocate for more limited government, suggested the need for a broad review of coal regulations to determine what's working.
Conway, the state attorney general, has won the UMW's endorsement in the race to succeed Republican Sen. Jim Bunning, who is retiring after two terms.
Conway spokesperson John Collins said the Democratic candidate would be a strong defender of the coal sector because it creates good-paying jobs, attracts industry and fosters low electricity rates.
"That's why they oppose any and all cap-and-trade legislation, which unfairly punishes coal states like Kentucky and raises utility rates," Collins said.
Paul has accused Conway of flip-flopping on the cap-and-trade energy plan, which would create economic incentives to limit heat-trapping gases from power plants, vehicles and other sources. Detractors, including Paul, claim the plan would punish the coal industry and raise electricity rates.
Washington (CNN) Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe said Monday that their fellow governors got a wake-up call this weekend when they realized how a Department of Homeland Security shutdown would impact their states.
McAuliffe, a Democrat and the party's former chairperson, said they urged fellow governors during this weekend's National Governors Association summit to call members of their state's congressional delegation and lobby them to fund the Department of Homeland Security this week. The agency's funding runs out Friday and governors will lose matching federal grants that help fund state and local law enforcement and emergency services agencies -- that revelation, McAuliffe said, was "eye-opening."
Mississippi's Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has already phoned their state's members of Congress -- all but one are Republicans -- to press them to fund the Department of Homeland Security without a touching President Barack Obama's controversial executive action on immigration, McAuliffe said.
McAuliffe, vice chair of the National Governs Association's homeland security committee, called DHS funding an issue that "affects all 50 governors" and said he's asked governors to sign a letter urging Congress to pass a so-called 'clean' funding bill.
Read More
Look, it's hard to be a college football coach. You've got to balance winning on the field with recruiting off it, you've got to keep the boosters and the students happy, and sometimes you even have to answer questions about Arkansas's offense.
Freeze: "If (Arkansas) ever converted drives, they'd be very, very dangerous." — Hugh Kellenberger (@HKellenbergerCL) November 4, 2013
That's Ole Miss coach Hugh Freeze, doing their best to talk up their opponent. There's not much to talk up.
It's no secret Arkansas is struggling under first-year head coach Bret Bielema. After wins in their first three non-conference games, the Razorbacks lost to Rutgers and have fallen in all five of their SEC contests, putting up a paltry 17 points combined in a three-game stretch against Florida, South Carolina and Alabama. Arkansas ranks last in the SEC in scoring offense (20 points per game) and second-to-last in total offense (355.3 yards per game).
The Rebels' task will be made even easier -- it looks like star defensive end Robert Nkemdiche will return for Ole Miss.
More from SB Nation college football:
Follow @SBNationCFBFollow @SBNRecruiting
• New BCS rankings: Noles reclaim No. 2 from Oregon
• At the scene of the SEC's newest bitter rivalry
• Ohio State finally looks the part, and five other big stories
• New bowl projections: Alabama-Oregon and all 34 others
• Opening lines: Bama, Oregon, Baylor favored in next week's huge games
• Long read: Inside Chip Kelly's New Hampshire laboratory
Brazil, the World Cup host and the clear favorite (in our view), will start off the tournament Thursday with a match against Croatia. Soon after, 30 other countries will take to the pitch with varying prospects of achieving their World Cup dreams. See the FiveThirtyEight World Cup predictions for more on that.
But first: a brief tour of World Cup history. We wanted to answer a few basic questions: How often do favorites win? How often do host nations win? Is the spread of soccer talent throughout the world becoming more top-heavy or more even?
The 20 charts below provide some answers. They rank each team that entered the World Cup based on its Elo ratings before the tournament.
These Elo ratings, which were adopted from a system developed for chess, have relatively little meaning in an absolute sense. We could say, for example, that Italy has an Elo rating of 1879 — but it's not clear what you'd do with that.
The Elo system is set up such that the average team has a rating of 1500. There are more than 200 countries that field national soccer teams, however, so being average (as Cape Verde or Trinidad and Tobago are, according to Elo) won't normally get a team into the World Cup field, much less win it the trophy.
So instead we've compared each team's rating with that of the 32nd-best team in the world, according to Elo (whether or not team No. 32 qualified for the World Cup), at the time the World Cup began. The 32nd-best team has gotten quite a bit better over the years, having gone from an Elo rating of 1540 in 1930, to one of 1707 this year. (The 32nd-best team in the world is currently Costa Rica, according to Elo.) Of course, the field has also expanded — from 13 teams in 1930 to 32 in World Cups played since 1998.
The charts include one other important adjustment: We've given a 100-point bonus, in accordance with the Elo system's recommended value, to the host nation.
The 1930 World Cup, the first on our tour, was one where the home-nation adjustment makes a difference. Held in Uruguay, it was composed mostly of teams from the Americas; few European nations were willing to make the journey. Argentina and Uruguay were the two best teams in the field by some margin, with Argentina just slightly ahead in the Elo ratings. But Uruguay's home-nation status was enough to make it the favorite. The two met in the finals in Montevideo, with Uruguay winning 4-2. More surprising: The United States and Yugoslavia won their groups and advanced to the semifinal, ahead of the higher-rated Brazil and Paraguay.
Italy played host to the 1934 World Cup. Several South American teams, including Uruguay, declined to participate, as did the countries of the United Kingdom. Overall, however, the field was deeper and had more parity than four years earlier. Italy, Argentina and Austria would essentially have been co-favorites before the tournament began, with Italy slightly ahead on the basis of the home-country effect. Indeed, Italy won.
Italy was also the favorite in the 1938 World Cup, which was played in France under the cloud of creeping European fascism. Italy was a clear favorite because Argentina, No. 2 in the Elo ratings at the time and disappointed that Europe had hosted two World Cups in a row, refused to participate. Italy won, keeping the streak alive for Elo favorites.
But when the World Cup returned in 1950 after a 12-year hiatus because of World War II and its aftermath, there was a surprise in store. Brazil hosted the tournament and, with its home-country boost, would have been the slight favorite per Elo. But it was a deep field — with England participating for the first time, and strong entrants from Italy, Sweden and several other countries (although Argentina again declined to enter). Uruguay, just the ninth-best team in the field, according to Elo, prevailed in a famous upset.
We'll accelerate our pace a bit now that we've gotten the hang of this. The 1954 World Cup, held in Switzerland, featured another famous upset in the final, with West Germany defeating heavily favored Hungary in the so-called Miracle of Bern.
The 1958 World Cup featured a deep and competitive field. Hungary or Argentina would probably have been the favorite, but Brazil and England were not far behind them. Brazil won for the first time.
This touched off Brazil's golden era, helmed by its star Pelé. The team entered the 1962 World Cup in Chile as the favorite, and it won — marking the last time a team has won two consecutive World Cups.
By 1966, Brazil's Elo rating had slipped closer to the rest of the world. Among a deep group of contenders, England would have been the Elo favorite because of its host-nation status. And just this once, England won.
The 1970 World Cup, held in Mexico, featured one of the deepest fields ever. England was nominally the favorite again, according to Elo, but five other countries were within 100 points of it — including the eventual winner, Brazil.
The 1974 World Cup, by contrast, had a relatively clear favorite. West Germany and Brazil were the best teams in the world by some margin, but West Germany, led by Franz Beckenbauer and having built momentum by winning the 1972 European Championships, played host to the tournament and won.
The 1978 World Cup, held in and won by Argentina, is one of the least fondly remembered. Argentina was ruled by a military junta, which had come to power in 1976 after the overthrow of Isabel Perón. That World Cup has also long been associated with accusations of match-fixing. Was Argentina's home-country advantage, for whatever reason, larger than usual? It's hard to say; Argentina was a good team on its football merits, and the customary 100-point home-country boost would have put it in a group of front-runners that included West Germany, the Netherlands and Brazil.
Spain hosted the World Cup in 1982; West Germany and Brazil would have been the favorites, according to Elo. Instead, it was Italy — just the 12th-best team in the field — that won.
The 1986 World Cup initiated an era of relative parity. It would have been hard to pick a favorite: 14 teams, including the host, Mexico, were stacked within 140 Elo points of one another, and they weren't that far ahead of some of the also-rans. Argentina won, not uncontroversially, on Diego Maradona's “Hand of God” goal.
The 1990 World Cup also featured a fairly flat distribution of talent, although the host, Italy, would have been the nominal favorite on the basis of the home-country advantage. West Germany won instead after a low-scoring and poorly played World Cup.
The World Cup returned to the Americas in 1994, when it was held in the United States. This was perhaps the first time that the host nation had no real chance of winning; the U.S. was rated as just the 18th-best team, despite its home-country boost. Much like the 1986 tournament, there was a large group of good-but-not-great teams atop the field. The Brazilian team, led by Romário and Bebeto, won in Pasadena, California, after Roberto Baggio's penalty kick sailed over the crossbar.
The 1998 World Cup featured co-favorites, according to Elo: France and Brazil were tied in Elo entering the tournament (after giving France its 100-point home-country bonus). Those two teams met in the final, and France won 3-0.
The 2002 World Cup, co-hosted by Japan and South Korea, was one of the oddest tournaments. France was the best team entering the tournament, according to Elo, but it went winless in the group stage. The final featured some customary names — Brazil and Germany, with Brazil winning — but neither the Brazilian nor German teams were especially strong by the Elo ratings. Turkey took third place despite being just the 23rd-best team in the field.
The 2006 World Cup also featured a great deal of parity, with at least 10 plausible winners, including the host, Germany. It was Italy who prevailed over France on penalties in a final remembered for Zinedine Zidane's headbutt.
The past two World Cups, however, have seen a reversal in the trend of greater equality among footballing nations. Brazil and Spain entered the 2010 World Cup in South Africa as the front-runners, with Brazil just two points ahead of Spain in Elo entering the tournament. In the final, Spain defeated the Netherlands, ranked third in the world per Elo.
That brings us back, finally, to this year's tournament. Here are the Elo ratings, and then a few closing observations.
Brazil is the best team in the world, according to Elo, as it is in our Soccer Power Index. There have been several other times when a home country was close enough to the top in Elo that it would have been the favorite after accounting for its home-country bonus. However, this is the first time the No. 1-ranked Elo team also played host.
That gives Brazil a significant edge on the rest of the field. In fact, the 506-point gap between Brazil (accounting for its home-country bonus) and the 32nd-best team in the world (Costa Rica) is the largest ever in the World Cup. The 127-point gap between Brazil and the second-best team, Spain, is the second-largest after Italy in 1938.
That's not to say Spain, Argentina and Germany are poor teams. Spain's Elo rating — 379 points ahead of the No. 32 team — would have made it the favorite in any World Cup played from 1986 through 2010. Argentina and Germany are strong enough that they would have been the favorites in a number of recent World Cups as well. Any of them would be a worthy champion, but they'll have to get by Brazil.
It was midnight in the Turkish capital, just two and a half hours into the attempted coup, and the group of nine senior ministers who were gathered in a conference room at the prime ministry were convinced that they were all about to meet their end.
“They probably will be successful and we will die tonight,” said one of the ministers, according to an official who was present at the meeting. “Let us be ready to die. We will all be martyred in this fight.”
Attempted coup in Turkey: what we know so far Read more
They sent their bodyguard to fetch their personal gun. Security forces charged with protecting the building had been escorted out of the room in a sombre scene, because ministers did not know who to trust in the middle of the unfolding coup.
They were in the meeting when the state broadcaster, TRT, was taken over by the rebels and the channel's anchor was forced to read a statement declaring the military was in control and denouncing President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. The cabinet fell into utter silence for two minutes.
Then one minister cracked a joke that eased the tension: “Don't bother with TRT, I don't even watch it during regular times, it's just state TV.”
Nearly three days have passed since a faction within Turkey's military attempted to overthrow the government, deploying tanks to the streets of Istanbul and Ankara, blocking bridges, arresting top military officers, seizing TV stations and launching coordinated attacks on police and security headquarters, promising to restore true democracy.
That effort was short-lived but bloody, with hundreds of lives lost and thousands wounded in the carnage. The capital city is pockmarked with tell-tale signs of the violence, abandoned tanks now a curiosity for locals posing on the metal carcasses left in the streets. Shattered glass and concrete adorn the grounds of local security and intelligence headquarters and the parliament building, itself bombed in an attack on democratic institutions of symbolic importance.
But as Turkey picks up the pieces after the failed coup, new details are emerging of how it unfolded, and just how close the military intervention came to succeeding. Many observers have labelled the attempt amateurish, but accounts by officials contradict this characterisation, describing it as well organised and very nearly successful.
In Ankara on Friday, the day of the coup, the interior minister had been invited, along with other top officials, to a high-level security meeting in military headquarters that was supposed to take place after 5pm, a ploy that turned out to be intended as a pretext to detain him. They did not go because they were too busy, and later when the coup unfolded they were stuck in Ankara's Esenboğa airport, setting up a crisis cell there to manage the fallout, protected by crowds that had gathered to oppose the coup.
Attempted coup in Turkey – in pictures Read more
The top counter-terrorism official responsible for Turkey's campaign against Islamic State did go to a “meeting” at the presidential palace in Ankara. They were later found with their hands tied behind their back, shot in the neck, according to a senior official.
President Erdoğan themselves was at the resort of Marmaris, but had left the residence where they were staying some 20 minutes before coup plotters attacked it. Around 25 soldiers in helicopters descended on a hotel there on ropes, shooting, in an apparent attempt to seize them just after Erdoğan had left, broadcaster CNN Turk said.
But as they flew from Marmaris on a business jet, two F-16 fighter jets locked their radar targeting system on the president's plane, according to an account first reported by Reuters and later confirmed to the Guardian.
The jets didn't fire after the presidential plane's pilot told the fighter jet pilots over the radio that it was a Turkish Airlines flight, a senior counter-terrorism official told the Guardian.
But that came later. At around 9pm, General Mehmet Dişli, the brother of a long-serving MP with the ruling AK party, allegedly gave the order that set the coup in motion, sending army special forces officers to arrest the military's senior command. Tanks began rolling out into the streets of Ankara, and an hour later they had closed down Istanbul's Bosphorus and Fatih Sultan Mehmet bridges.
'Stunned resignation': readers' experiences of the Turkey coup attempt Read more
Cemalettin Haşimi, a senior adviser of prime minister Binali Yıldırım, watched it all with a sense of foreboding. At 10.24pm, after surveying besieged Ankara, they walked into the office of the prime ministry's undersecretary.
“Is it real?” they asked.
“Yes, it's real,” came the reply. “But we are not sure if it's within the chain of command or just a group in the army.”
By 10.37pm they had conferred with Yıldırım, who was in Istanbul, deciding to declare it an attempted coup on national television. They called TRT, but 10 minutes later the channel was overrun. So Haşimi called the private channel NTV, and minutes later Yıldırım was denouncing the plot.
Meanwhile, there were chaotic scenes in Ankara and Istanbul. A statement appeared on the military's website and was circulated by email declaring it had taken control to restore democracy, feeding into the fears of government officials who worried the military chain of command had endorsed the takeover. Haşimi claimed that judges aligned with the coup had begun calling on associates to adhere to the military's demands.
The national intelligence building and the police headquarters were attacked from the air. In the latter, helicopters had targeted the intelligence department in the top three floors of the facility, unleashing a hail of shattered glass and concrete that still scars the building.
“It was a nightmare,” said Murat Karakullukcu, a police official who spent the night at the headquarters through the attack and had served at UN peacekeeping missions in Kosovo. “Our first thought was how to survive, and then we started shooting at the helicopters with small arms.”
Back at the prime ministry, despair was setting in. They had resolved to make a final stand in the parliament, when Erdoğan appeared on a live broadcast at 12.37am on a reporter's iPhone, exhorting the people to defend democracy.
“What is FaceTime? Why don't I have it?” asked one of the ministers in attendance.
“That was the moment when the psychology were reversed and we thought we were going to win,” said Haşimi.
People began taking to the streets in larger numbers, answering the call of the president and the religious affairs Diyanet ministry, which had called on the imams of Turkey's mosques to take to their minarets to declare “God is great”. The call to take to the streets was met with unease by some ministers, who worried it would result in a massacre.
On their way to the parliament, Haşimi and the rest of the ministers received the news that it had been bombed. That was one of the key pivotal points that led to the failure of the coup, they said. While they appreciated that many of those who took to the streets did not like Erdoğan's government, the attack on the parliament, the first by the military since the 1920s, was too much of a provocation.
Europe and US urge Turkey to respect rule of law after failed coup Read more
The statements by opposition leaders and top military officers, including army commanders, disavowing the coup sealed its fate.
Stories emerged of those crucial hours, between the president's address and the successful quelling of the coup by 4am, that are sure to pass into the official mythology of the events. At 1am, officials say the police chief the city of Bursa arrested the local army commander, who possessed a 6-page list that included the names of designated judges and military officials who were to be appointed to various positions in the bureaucracy in the aftermath of the coup. Other pro-coup soldiers possessed lists of secure telephone lines to receive orders.
“There were crucial moments,” said Haşimi. “It was incredibly well organised actually, but sudden moves by the leadership and sudden movement by the people changed the whole plan.”
“It could have succeeded,” they added. “They lost the moment the president and the prime minister went on air, and when high-level army commanders came out on air and declared their support for democracy, and the people rejected going home.”
Members of Saskatchewan's College of Physicians and Surgeons have approved a controversial policy.
Medical patients will be able to receive the care they seek without moral or religious interference from their physician through the Conscientious Objection Policy.
There were people who felt that the policy went too far in establishing expectation of physicians. - Bryan Salte
"This is something that took a lot of study [and] a lot of care," said the group's legal counsel and associate registrar, Bryan Salte.
"There was a really broad range of opinions that were expressed in the consultation process. So what happened was that there were two or three drafts that were prepared," they said.
According to Salte, the decision to approve wasn't unanimous.
"Much of the opposition related to the concern that physicians were going to be required to do things that they objected to and felt that were morally and ethically wrong," they explained.
Bryan Salte says the vote to approve the Conscientious Objection Policy was not unanimous. (Victoria Dinh/CBC) "There were people who felt that the policy went too far in establishing expectation of physicians who might have had the moral or ethical objection to certain procedures," they said.
The policy sets expectations for both patients and physicians. This means that if a patient is looking for something such as birth control, abortion or genetic testing, their or their physician is responsible to address the requested procedure.
"There are two major ways that this has been addressed. One of them is there's an expectation that a physician will ensure that a patient is able to obtain information," said Salte.
For example, if a physician has an ethical or moral objection to providing information to a patient about a procedure, then that physician has an obligation to ensure that the patient will receive the information in some other way. That could mean sending the patient to a different physician.
"The second way of addressing the issue is if the physician has a moral or ethical objection to the procedures itself, and is now in the position where the patient says, 'I want to receive birth control [or] I want to receive an abortion.' It sets expectations that the physician has to be in a position to ensure that the patient is able to access those services," said Salte.
This means if the physician refuses, they or they would have to send the patient to another physician who is able to follow through or make other arrangements for the patient to access the service.
The new policy will be applicable to all physicians and surgeons practicing across the province. Saskatchewan will be following the footsteps of other provinces such as Ontario.
Tuesday 9 February 2016 was a black day for local democracy in Scotland.
It was the day council leaders across the country were forced to sign next year's local government financial settlement: a £350m cut and a continuation of the council tax freeze.
Many councils are deeply unhappy with what they see as draconian sanctions in the deal if they do raise taxes to offset funding cuts. These sanctions would see them lose their share of a total £408m in funding. The final recourse open to them is a judicial review, and a meeting has been scheduled on 18 February for councils that may wish to pursue this route.
The irony of Holyrood MPs arguing for powers from Westminster while ​undermining councils in Scotland have not been lost
My own council, Inverclyde, has taken the unprecedented decision to delay setting our budget until March, as there are a number of issues in the Scottish government's offer that need clarification. This will also give us extra time to look at ways of mitigating the worst impacts of the cuts – which would otherwise lead to the loss of school support staff, environmental and regeneration services, and community wardens.
Relations between the Scottish government and local government are at an all-time low. When even Rory Mair, the respected retiring chief executive of Cosla, which represents Scottish local government, attacks the government's hardline stance you know things are bad.
This is a far cry from the heady days of 2007 when the newly elected minority SNP administration was keen to establish a relationship with local government based on mutual respect and partnership. Over the past nine years this relationship has changed, particularly following the election of a majority SNP government in 2011.
Police and fire services, previously under local government control, have been centralised. Joint boards for health and social care services have been established – weakening direct political control of council social work services.
The largest council service, education, has become the key political battleground at Holyrood with the SNP government responding to criticism of falling teacher numbers and the growing attainment gap between rich and poor by taking greater central control.
Scottish councils claim government-imposed teacher freeze is illegal Read more
And of course we are now in the eighth year of the council tax freeze, with councils' only significant means of generating additional income having been effectively abolished.
The irony of Holyrood politicians arguing for the devolution of greater powers from Westminster while at the same time undermining local government in Scotland has not been lost on council leaders.
Back in mid-December, when the draft local government settlement was announced by the finance secretary, John Swinney, councils had been expecting a cut. The scale of the cut, at £350m, came as a nasty shock. The conditions attached – including a freeze in council tax for the ninth successive year, maintaining teacher numbers and a job for all newly qualified teachers – were what we had expected.
The backlash against that £350m cut undoubtedly took the government by surprise. A number of councils threatened to break the council tax freeze but Swinney and first minister Nicola Sturgeon were having none of it.
In late January they issued a revised offer to council leaders – one that could not be refused. If councils broke the council tax freeze not only would they lose their share of the notional £70m intended to replace additional council tax funds, they would also not receive their share of the £250m available for health and social care integration and £88m for teacher support: a total sanctions package of £408m.
Swinney set a deadline of 9 February for council leaders to sign up to this new offer. Failure to respond by this date would be deemed a rejection.
Why is local government debt so high in Scotland? Read more
It is fair to say the hostile reaction from local government was unprecedented. Cosla council leaders voted 21–7 to reject the package, with only SNP-led councils voting in favour. David O'Neill, president of Cosla, called the government's actions “outrageous” and “an attack on our democratic mandate”.
It seems in the new Scotland the only democratic mandate that matters is the SNP government's.
I am looking at using reserves to protect jobs and frontline services for the next two years. After that it is likely an incoming SNP administration will need to make significant cuts to balance the books. Unless, of course, the SNP government at Holyrood finally uses the tax powers at its disposal to reclaim its mantle as Scotland's anti-austerity party.
This article was amended on 12 February 2016 to correct the figure in the second paragraph and the date of the election of a majority SNP government.
Talk to us on Twitter via @Guardianpublic and sign up for your free weekly Guardian Public Leaders newsletter with news and analysis sent direct to you every Thursday.
OpenCPU » R-bloggers, and kindly contributed to (This article was first published on, and kindly contributed to R-bloggers)
Last years UseR 2012 conference in Nashville had an interesting discussion session titled “What other languages should R users know about?“. General consensus was that multilingualism is inevitable in modern computing, and panel members presented various languages that complement R in different ways. Some of the usual suspects included SQL, python, and of course C++, of which one panel member with unpronounceable German name seemed to be particularly fond. But perhaps most surprising was R-Core member Douglas Bates pushing for a new language called Julia, which is actually more of a competitor than companion to the R language. Confronting an audience of 500+ emotionally and physically (over) invested useR's that our beloved baby is perhaps up for replacement demonstrates great courage, and could easily have turned the discussion in an episode of Jerry Springer (but it didn't). So what is this Julia all about?
If you are willing to find out, I highly recommend watching these recordings from a two day Julia tutorial at MIT in January 2013, published recently through the fantastic MIT OCW. They introduce Julia, but also talk more general on the problems that scientific computation is trying to solve and how programming techniques and languages are evolving in this area. In one video Bates compares specifically Julia to R, explaining some of the major improvements. Some spoilers:
Julia interpreted code is fast. So fast that there is usually no need for C++.
Julia uses reference by memory, like any other modern language. Resulting in more speed.
Julia has great native support for parallel computing, i.e. even more speed.
The package repositories are managed entirely through github. Although I am not convinced yet it fully solves R's problems with dependency versioning at this point.
P-values are back, with three stars and everything
All in all, Julia seems like a very promising project, but it needs a lot more work. The question at this point is probably not if Julia is better than R, but if the difference is large enough to attract the critical mass of developers needed to reimplement all of our beloved statistical methods and find wide adoption among current users of R. Time will tell.
Related
Michael van der Mark says there was no time they considered giving up chasing 'very important points' despite crashing their Honda and riding the final laps of the wet race two in Germany with a broken front brake.
The Dutch rider, who is Yamaha bound for 2017, locked up their front brake in the soaking wet conditions and slipped off with a handful of laps to go while running in the top five.
Having seen World Superbike championship rival Davide Giugliano fall earlier in the race while Nicky Hayden struggled in the rain, van der Mark was determined to jump back on their busted Honda to secure eighth place and with it fourth in the riders' championship standings.
"I got a good start to the race but the track was very slippery and I couldn't lean as much as I wanted," van der Mark said. "After a couple of laps, I saw Giugliano crashing out of the race and I immediately thought about the championship situation, because the priority was to stay upright.
"Then, with three laps to go I simply locked the front and crashed. I really wanted to finish the race so I picked up the bike and rode two laps with barely any front brake. These are very important points for me, so all in all I'm not too disappointed."
With three rounds remaining van der Mark heads the battle for fourth in the championship with an eight point advantage over Honda team-mate Hayden.
The former Secretary of State and 2016 Democratic nominee for the presidency, Hillary Rodham Clinton, did something that frankly I, being a producer in conservative talk radio for 22 years, never thought would happen – consent to a long-form interview with a conservative host. They called in to the Hugh Hewitt Show for a pre-scheduled 30 minute interview with Hugh. After 32 minutes, Hugh admitted they had kept them over their allotted time and began to wrap up. Saying that they were rather enjoying themselves and blowing off the time limit stops, Secretary Clinton offered to continue, and the interview ran to 45 minutes. You can hear the whole interview on the Salem Radio Network, or at Hugh's website here. You can also read the transcript, which I'm fairly confident will be dissected for a long time to come.
There will be lots of comments about the interview, both what Secretary Clinton had to say and the way in which Hugh conducted it. And all comment is fair in love, war, and talk radio. For the record, however, there was one caveat to the interview, which was the interview was to be about their book, What Happened. That's exactly what the interview was about. Second, there inevitably will be reactions from people who criticize Hugh because they didn't take the opportunity with Secretary Clinton and turn it into the public shaming of 25 years of their alleged wrongdoing. I get it. I'm a lifetime charter member of the anti-Hillary club. As Hugh has said for virtually their entire career, this is an interview, not a debate.
What one will find in this interview are all sorts of nuggets that will be deemed very interesting to not only people on the right, but people on the left as well. Here's just an example. At one point in the interview, Secretary Clinton brought up the events in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. Hugh took the opportunity to ask them one question that's always bugged them about the sequence of events, which is why they left the State Department relatively early, if at all, when the crisis was still unfolding and went home. Here's the transcript of that exchange:
HH: I agree with that. On Benghazi, I have one question. On Page 230, you write, “The Republicans swung at me and missed at the 11 hour long Benghazi hearing.” That's true, by the way, I absolutely 100% agree. My question is do you regret leaving the State Department that night? HRC: Oh, you know, I was there until 9, 10:00. We had done a number of what are called SVTC's, you know, satellite conferences. I had talked on the phone. I had talked over satellite with our team in Libya. I had talked with members of our government, Defense and Intel and others, obviously the White House. And you know, we knew that our goal was to find all of our people and get them out of there, and that was ongoing. And so you know, I went home for a few hours of sleep. I talked to the President, bringing them totally up to date, and then obviously, you know, headed back early the next morning. HH: But do you regret, do you wish you had stayed there all night? Do you think it would have been different had you stayed there? HRC: I doubt it, Hugh. I doubt it, because that was never the principal charge that the Republicans and others made against me, and those in the administration. So I don't think that silenced the critics, because there seem to be a calculation that this was an issue that they could make political.
So to paraphrase, Hugh was basically asking them if they thought leaving early was a mistake. Would staying put and showing leadership have made a difference to get our personnel out of there? Could their continued presence have perhaps gotten assets in place faster to save lives? Them first response was that they had been in meetings and calls, and had briefed the President, and then went home to get some sleep. The crisis was still unfolding, mind you, but they seemed to believe everything was in control. Hugh pushed back, and their answer, to me, at least, is astounding. Them second answer is that staying at State that night wouldn't have made a difference politically to the eventual Republican criticism of them I couldn't even imagine conjuring up a response like that.
If I had people in my charge that were under attack by an unknown entity, didn't know where all our people were, had others bugging out, and the scramble to get assets there to rescue and defend weren't yet worked out, I probably wouldn't have gone home. That's just me. If I were asked about it, though, my first thought reflecting on my choice wouldn't be the political ramifications on me. It would be whether my decision to stay or go home might have changed the outcome of the lives of the four Americans who lost their lives that night.
As I said, there are lots of exchanges that will raise eyebrows in the days and weeks to come, I'm sure. But I do have to give them credit. They showed up and took the questions. Let's see what people have to say when they listen or read the transcript.
Life of the Party Edit
Date Began: March 26, 2014
End Date: April 17, 2014
Number of Tasks: 14
Initial Hints:
The following Heroes are required to be recruited in order to finish certain Tasks: 200 90 90 Free 33 23 90
Required in 1 or more Deploys
Required in 1 or more Deploys Required to complete 1 or more tasks
Required to complete 1 or more tasks Required to initiate a Heroic Battle
Required to initiate a Heroic Battle Required Deploy for an Epic Boss
Total Command Points required: 526 Task 5 can be skipped at the cost of 10 Gold, saving you up to 23 Command Points if you don't have the required hero. Task 8 can be skipped at the cost of 10 Gold, saving you up to 33 Command Points if you don't have the required hero. Task 10 can be skipped at the cost of 20 Gold, saving you up to 380 Command Points if you don't have the required heroes. Task 11 can be skipped at the cost of 20 Gold, saving you up to 90 Command Points if you don't have the required hero.
Iron Man is required to unlock the Premium Mission that has a Heroic Battle.
Drinkware
The following Hero is required to be recruited in order to finish the Drinkware Side-Tasks: 90
Required to complete 1 or more tasks
Required to complete 1 or more tasks Total Command Points required: 90
Tasks Edit
Life of the Party Edit
1.
Life of the Party - 1 of 11
Complete 3 Flight Deck Missions Volstagg wants you to spread the word. Send any three heroes on any flight deck mission.
Requires 5 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 100 for the Agent
2.
Life of the Party - 2 of 11
Defeat 7 A.I.M. Soldiers in Season 2 A.I.M. agents can be found in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 2: Heated Negotiations.
Requires 10 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 3000
3.
Life of the Party - 3 of 11
Collect 5 Glazed Hams (Note) (Drop chance) Glazed Ham can drop from enemies in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 3: Tourist Trap.
Requires 15 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 1
4.
Life of the Party - 4 of 11
Complete 3 PVP Battles Volstagg wants you to get in the spirit of an Asgardian feast! Compete in PVP to test your skills against other players. PVP requires completing Chapter 1 Mission 4 of Story Mode.
Requires 15 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 5000
5.
Life of the Party - 5 of 11
Complete the Sif Heroic Battle in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 3 Heroic Battles are classic matchups between Heroes and Villains. To participate, you must have that hero recruited. Sif is in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 3: Tourist Trap.
Requires 10 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 100 for the Agent
6.
Life of the Party - 6 of 11
Survive an Incursion Incursions are battles against Heroes from alternate realities. They are found in Season 2.
Requires 10 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 7000
7.
Life of the Party - 7 of 11
Collect 5 Brined Turkeys (Drop chance) Hellfire Club locations with Brined Turkey, can be found in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 4: Circular Speculations. Defeat the enemies there to find Brined Turkeys.
Requires 20 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 1
8.
Life of the Party - 8 of 11
Complete Mr. Fantastic's Deployment in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 5 Complete Mr. Fantastic's deployment in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 5: Lockdown.
Requires 10 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 9000
9.
Life of the Party - 9 of 11
Defeat Savin in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 5 Defeat Savin so the rest of the Richards can attend. Savin is the boss of Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 5.
Requires 15 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 5
10.
Life of the Party - 10 of 11
Defeat Epic Boss Destroyer in Season 2 As much as Volstagg likes a fight, Destroyer would dampen even the liveliest of parties. Defeat Epic Boss Destroyer in Season 2 Chapter 4 Mission 3: Tourist Trap.
Requires 20 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: Asgardian Feast
11.
Life of the Party - 11 of 11
Complete the Heroic Banquet Brawl in Season 1 Chapter 2 Mission 6. Complete the Heroic Banquet Brawl in Season 1 Chapter 2 Mission 6. Requires Fandral.
Requires 20 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 5
Drinkware Edit
1.
Drinkware - 1 of 3
Collect 99 Tankards (Drop chance) Collect Tankards for the feast. Tankards have a chance to drop in any fight in Season 2.
Requires 99 Gold to Auto-Finish
Gold to Auto-Finish Reward: 5
2.
Drinkware - 2 of 3
Recruit Volstagg.
Task cannot be Auto-Finished with Gold
Reward: Blueprint: Asgardian Tankard
3.
Drinkware - 3 of 3
Research the Asgardian Tankard in the Lab Research the Asgardian Tankard in the Lab
Task cannot be Auto-Finished with Gold
Reward: Asgardian Tankard
Hints Edit
Notes Edit
Drinkware Task 1: The goal to collect 99 Party tankards is a reference to the drinking song "99 bottles of beer".
Wikileaks' Julian Assange is quite the character. Vilified by some, especially on the right, when they released a deluge of documents relating to the Iraq and Afghan wars—all of these thanks to former Private First Class Chelsea Manning. He's been in the news due to the mysterious circumstances surrounding the death of Seth Rich, who some have speculated was the leak in the recent Democratic National Committee email fiasco that pretty much forced the resignations of everyone at its executive level. We don't know who murdered Rich, but Assange has been cryptic in their suggestions that they could be the leak, and that they were murdered for it.
Now, Assange is warning American media that Hillary Clinton is a “demon,” who will place nooses around our necks should they win the presidential election (via The Hill):
The American liberal media is falling over themselves to defend Hillary Clinton,” they told The New York Times during a Facebook video interview Wednesday. “[They are] erecting a demon who is going to put nooses around everyone's necks as soon as they win this election, which they are almost certainly going to do.” Assange, whose organization released internal emails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) believed to have been stolen by Russia, said it is particularly troubling that the Democrat's campaign has linked their critics to Russia. “[It's] that attempted reframing by Hillary Clinton, to declare media organizations that are publishing material that shows illicit behavior in the [Democratic National Committee] to fix the election for her, as somehow being Russian agents,” they said. “Her campaign has effectively called, or maybe even directly called Donald Trump, the opposition leader in this case, a Russian agent,” Assange added of the GOP's presidential nominee. “Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, the fourth candidate effectively in terms of numbers, has also been called a Russian agent. This is a neo-McCarthyist hysteria.”
In July, The Intercept's Glenn Greenwald, who broke the story of the National Security Agency's activities due to information obtained by Edward Snowden, also acknowledged that the American media is 100 percent against Trump in an interview with Slate. He's okay with that since they feel that Trump's positions are dangerous. Yet, he's also unwilling to go along with every fact-free slander out there against the man, namely that he's a traitor who called on Russia to hack into Clinton's email server:
OK, so, I am glad you asked about that because this is the conflict that I am currently having: The U.S. media is essentially 100 percent united, vehemently, against Trump, and preventing them from being elected president. I don't have an actual problem with that because I share the premises on which it is based about why they pose such extreme dangers. But that doesn't mean that as a journalist, or even just as a citizen, that I am willing to go along with any claim, no matter how fact-free, no matter how irrational, no matter how dangerous it could be, in order to bring Trump down. So, literally, the lead story in the New York Times today suggests, and other people have similarly suggested it, that Trump was literally putting in a request to Putin for the Russians to cyberattack the FBI, the United States government, or get Hillary Clinton's emails. That is such unmitigated bullshit. What that was an offhanded, trolling comment designed to make some kind of snide reference to the need to find Hillary's emails. They aren't directing the Russians, in some genuine, literal way, to go on some cybermission to find Hillary's emails. If they wanted to request the Russians to do that, why would they do it in some offhanded way in a press conference? It was a stupid, reckless comment that they made elevated into treason.
A liberal who wants to fight fair—I'm not necessarily against that principle. And Greenwald has gone after both parties with equal fervor. Nevertheless, it's interesting that both men who are vilified by the Right, seem to be trying to be the canary in the coal mine over Clinton's possible nature, or warning against media outlets going off the rails to attack a person they don't like by using “unmitigated bulls**t” as ammunition. Also, the fact that Assange called Clinton a demon is somewhat satisfying.
Greg Glassman in a video supporting Nannette Barragan. Crossfit The CEO of CrossFit has not seemed particularly interested in throwing their weight around in partisan politics.
That has changed with one notable, somewhat obscure race this cycle.
Greg Glassman, the CEO of the company behind the cultlike high-intensity workout regimen, has become a high-profile surrogate for Nanette Barragan, a Democratic city councilwoman running to replace US Rep. Janice Hahn in California's 44th district, which includes parts of South Los Angeles.
For Glassman, a self-proclaimed libertarian who lives about 100 miles away from the district, supporting Barragan is seemingly born out of a personal and professional distaste with Barragan's opponent, Isadore Hall. That's partially because of Hall's supposed closeness with the American Beverage Association, which represents a product that makes Glassman furious: soda.
Last year, the CrossFit CEO said, they attempted to meet with Hall to discuss the representative's opposition to a 2015 California bill that would've required some beverages with high sugar content to carry labels warning of their health risks.
But Glassman told Business Insider that Hall canceled both meetings without warning, prompting the CEO to tell a local fitness columnist, Roy Wallack, they would "throw $5 million in [Hall's] face" and "have people dig deep in their finances" for connections to special interests.
"I stopped a family vacation in Scottsdale, flew out to see him, and when I turned my phone on they canceled on me, never returned the phone calls," Glassman said in an interview. "His handlers know who I am."
The CEO realized Hall was running for higher office and decided to go all in on the candidate most likely to stop him. Hall did not respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
In December, Glassman set up a meeting with Barragan, telling them about the bill they say Hall attempted to dodge. Barragan told Business Insider that the two connected over a shared distaste for the disproportionate health effects of soda on immigrant families and the pressures that soda makers placed on lawmakers.
"My parents didn't know better; they came from Mexico. My mom had a third-grade education. I had no idea, no clue" about the harms of soda, Barragan told Business Insider, adding that the 44th district has the highest rate of diabetes in California.
"I saw firsthand in my family having diabetes. So when they reached out to me and I told them my story, they said, 'You're the exact type of person I'm talking about,'" Barragan said.
Glassman's zeal about Barragan comes partly as a surprise, considering the CEO has mostly abstained from political activity.
Federal Election Commission filings show Glassman's only donation was $350 to New York Sen. Chuck Schumer in 2010. Their company donated to the super PAC supporting Sen. Rand Paul's presidential campaign.
But in this race, the CEO has maxed out their individual donations limit in support of Barragan. And the backing for Barragan extends to the company and its partners. The Podesta Group, a public affairs firm that represents CrossFit, has donated several thousand dollars to Barragan's campaign.
Barragan has hosted campaign events at CrossFit affiliates across the district. The company's account posted a video of Glassman and Barragan addressing CrossFit participants in the 44th district on Barragan's behalf.
"I need you to vote. This is your community. Take it back from soda pop," Glassman said. "Don't let Isadore Hall have this."
Glassman has frequently used their position as CEO as a platform for their crusade against sugar-filled beverages. Glassman's Twitter feed includes tweets aimed at the soda industry:
Barragan and Glassman have both attempted to cast Hall as too cozy with the soda industry.
"You think he's going to stand up and say, 'Hold on a second, I'm going to make this an issue?'" Barragan told Business Insider. "We know by their track record he's a top recipient of oil money and tobacco money. He's been fighting for these industries. Now you can just throw on the sugar industry to that. And that is not good for people in this district, for the 44th."
Glassman said they see the influence of the beverage industry across the political landscape. And they say it has interfered in their business interests.
Glassman told Business Insider that they suspect soda companies backed establishments attempting to enforce regulations in Washington, DC, requiring personal trainers to meet citywide standards.
"If I've got the soda a------- lobbying against me, I'm certainly going to support something they don't like," Glassman said of their support for Barragan.
Over the past several years, CrossFit has flexed its legislative muscle on occasion — to some success.
A 2015 Wall Street Journal article detailing the company's fight against lawmakers attempting to expand personal-fitness licensing regulations quoted a local DC regulator who likened the company's executives and club owners' lobbying intensity to that of the National Rifle Association's lobbying arm.
Glassman also meets infrequently on Capitol Hill with Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal's staff regarding making health studies more transparent about their sources of funding, particularly if they come from processed-food industries.
Glassman said Barragan's race is a potential launching point for more visible political activism aimed at increasing fitness and lowering consumption of sugar-heavy products like soda.
"We're just getting started," Glassman said.
Updated Friday, Jan. 27, 2017, 3:30 a.m. EDT: The Fort Worth Police Department has dropped charges against Jacqueline Craig, 46, and their daughter, Brea Hymond, 19, and will not pursue charges against Officer William Martin for the violent Dec. 21 arrests of Craig and their daughters, Dallas News reports.
Craig and Hymond faced charges of resisting arrest, interference with a “peace” officer and failure to provide identification. Craig's youngest daughter, who was also arrested in the incident, was not charged with a crime.
FWPD made the announcement Thursday, just one day after leaked police-body-camera and internal police documents exposing Martin's history of using excessive force were published on The Root.
“This decision didn't happen in a vacuum,” Chief Joel Fitzgerald told WFAA-TV. “My decision to pull back these charges was something that I thought was right, something that we owed the community and the Craig family in particular.”
Itamar Vardi, the white neighbor who sparked the incident after they allegedly choked Craig's 7-year-old son, faces a misdemeanor assault charge. The Tarrant County District Attorney's Office determined that there was not enough harm caused to the child to warrant a felony charge of harm to a child.
Advertisement
Jasmine Crockett, co-counsel, along with S. Lee Merritt, for the Craig family, said the noncharge against Vardi, who may face a fine, was unconscionable and a slap in the face to the Craig family.
See the press conference below:
Advertisement
Earlier:
The police-body-camera video of the violent Dec. 21, 2016, arrest of a Fort Worth, Texas, woman, and documents related to the arrest, as well as the officer's history of using excessive force, have been obtained by the attorney for the woman's family and shared exclusively with The Root.
As previously reported by The Root, Officer William Martin, 36, who is white, was captured on video antagonizing, assaulting and, ultimately, arresting Jacqueline Craig, a 46-year-old black woman. Them two daughters—Brea Hymond, 19, and a 15-year-old girl who was not identified—were also arrested and later released.
Advertisement
Craig had called for police assistance to report that a white male neighbor choked their 7-year-old son after the child allegedly littered in their yard. The neighbor admitted to grabbing the child by the neck, an action that Officer Martin indicated, in a statement to internal affairs that was shared with The Root by Craig family attorney S. Lee Merritt, they considered less egregious and more plausible than “choking”:
Additionally, according to Martin in their statement:
The W/M [white male] stated that a child had thrown a piece of trash in their yard. The W/M approached the child and grabbed their arm and told them to pick up the trash. When the child refused, the W/M grabbed the child by the back of the neck and demanded that the child pick up the trash.
Advertisement
Attorney Merritt said they received the Fort Worth Police Department internal documentation as well as the video recording from the police bodycam from a trusted police source who was unauthorized to release any information on the case.
Under the laws of the state of Texas, attorneys for the Craig family are legally entitled to the complete investigative file, records and recordings of this incident and any officers involved, Merritt said. Howver, according to Merritt, the FWPD has denied and/or delayed several requests from their law office to provide this information.
The Root's repeated requests to the Fort Worth Police Department for the police bodycam footage and other documentation regarding the Craig case also were denied.
Advertisement
Regarding the case itself, Merritt said that despite the documentation and video footage, the neighbor's admission to Martin has been repeatedly denied by the FWPD. The department also has declined to refer charges concerning the neighbor to the Tarrant County Criminal District Attorney's Office.
This is likely the case because Martin decided whom they would criminalize as soon as they arrived on the scene. In an exchange captured in the video footage, the police officer appears condescending from the very first moments of their interactions with Craig:
“My son is 7-years-old, [he] don't have the right to grab them and choke him,” Craig tells Martin, referring to the neighbor. “Why don't you teach your son not to litter,” asks Martin in a mocking and accusatory tone. “He can't prove to me that my son did or didn't, but it doesn't matter,” Craig says. “That doesn't give them the right to put their hands on him.” “Why not,” Martin asks.
In Martin's statement to the Fort Worth Police Department Internal Affairs Division, they admitted that they didn't know why they asked Craig that question, but that it was possible they were “irritated by the tone and level of [Craig's] voice” and annoyed that a “littering situation had gotten so out of hand.”
Advertisement
Though an initial Facebook Live video of the incident showed a great deal of the encounter, the bodycam footage shows so much more. It captures Martin using excessive force to get Hymond, 19, to answer their questions, twisting the teen's handcuffed arms above their head.
In addition, Martin is seen kicking Craig's handcuffed 15-year-old daughter seconds after they attempt to wiggle into their car without the use of their hands.
“Martin states while they were handcuffing Jacqueline Craig, Brea Hymond pushed him,” Merritt said in a statement to The Root. “Brea Hymond never approaches Martin as they stand at a distance recording the incident. They further state Craig pulled away their arms and actively tried to resist arrest. This never happens.”
Advertisement
“He also states Brea Hymond pulled their arms away and resisting arrest, this never happened,” Merritt continued. “[Martin] further states Jacqueline Craig refused to identify herself, which they are seen doing in the video at 11:10.”
“In order to justify false charges, they lie about several facts clearly proven false by their bodycam video,” Merritt added.
Advertisement
Editor's note: See NSFW video below. Trigger warning: Misogynoir; police brutality; white supremacist violence.
Officer Martin's use of excessive force did not begin with Craig and their daughters. In 2013 they used a Taser on two black male students at Dunbar High School, according to the documents shared by Merritt with The Root.
Advertisement
In that instance, several students were allegedly on the roof of the high school. When Martin approached, they allegedly began to run. Martin chased the students; then, citing “tactical disadvantage”—including long distance, their history of ankle injuries, and feeling winded from running and jumping—he deployed their Taser against department procedure.
In a 2013 Fort Worth Police Department Use of Force report, Capt. Edwin Kraus stated, “Officer has to know that suspect is armed to qualify to use taser [pdf] under d(1). Under d(2), just being in a “tactical disadvantage” does not appear to authorize taser use in this circumstance because suspect was just running and was 25 feet away during the 1st missed deployment, and about 23 feet away when taser made contact while AP was fleeing. The incident also does not fit the requirement listed under d(3). Please take appropriate action based upon officers' history concerning use of force issues .”
Martin was not punished for their clear use of excessive force in that incident, despite previous instances of them using excessive force noted in an internal police document that can be read below.
Advertisement
As previously previously reported by The Root, Martin was suspended for 10 days following their arrest of Jacqueline Craig and their daughters. Craig and Hymond were arrested on charges of resisting arrest, interference with a “peace” officer and failure to provide identification. Craig's youngest daughter was not charged with a crime.
If the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office decides to drop the charges against Craig and Hymond, that is still not enough, and the office can't pretend that it is. Not further criminalizing an innocent family is not a favor for which the FWPD or the district attorney's office deserves gratitude.
Craig and their daughter did absolutely nothing wrong. A distraught mother called for police assistance with the expectation that they would protect and serve, not demean and assault.
Advertisement
And in the video, in response to being told that they are being recorded, Martin says, “Me, too, but mine's in HD.”
Said family attorney Merritt: “By manipulating, delaying and denying the release of bodycam video, police departments embolden bad cops to brazenly violate civil rights in high definition, confident that these images are not likely to be released to the public. Just as this video from Martin was not willfully released by the FWPD.
“That's why we are mobilizing the community behind the rallying cry #InjusticeInHD,” Merritt continued. “To let these police officers know that we see them very clearly.”
Advertisement
Officer William Martin is not a public servant; they are a public menace. They and Craig's neighbor—another violent white man being protected under the law—are the only ones that disturbed the peace.
“We have four demands,” Merritt told The Root. “Fire and charge Officer Martin with assault, perjury, false arrest and official corruption; charge the neighbor with felony assault of a minor; and drop the charges against the Craig family.”
Nothing short of these demands can be considered justice, and Merritt is not settling for less than justice for their clients—neither should we.
Advertisement
_______________________________________________
Documents related to Officer William Martin's history of use of excessive force, including their 2016 violent arrest of Jacqueline Craig and their daughters.
Fort Worth Police Officer William Martin, Use of Excessive Force (2013) by Kirsten West Savali on Scribd
Advertisement
Fort Worth Police Officer William Martin, Use of Excessive Force (2013) by Kirsten West Savali on Scribd
Advertisement
Fort Worth Police Officer William Details Their Arrest of Jacqueline Craig by Kirsten West Savali on Scribd
One of my students from Seneca College (where I teach Animation courses) sent me two finished comic scripts for feedback. I don't normally have time for this kind of critique, but we've talked quite a bit in the class about their desire to create comics and I wanted to encourage them to continue and push them to dig deeper. Here's the feedback I sent, since I think a lot of the critique I write applies to new writers just starting out.
(Please do NOT send me your pitches/scripts for feedback. I really don't have the time to review them. I did this as a personal favour for someone I know. I can't spend all my time critiquing the work of strangers, especially with my insane work schedule right now).
—
Hi (name removed),
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you on this.
First off, congrats! Writing stories is tough and creating something new for yourself, especially the first few times, is always an intense uphill battle. You've finished a draft and that's worthy of praise.
I read through both scripts and have quite a few thoughts, but I want you to know that I'm giving critique because I want your skills to improve and feel you're capable of learning from the feedback rather than taking it personally. Tastes vary and what works for one person won't necessarily work for another, but getting feedback and deciding what criticism is valid for yourself is key.
TITLE: I've been told by several people that titling a story something negative can create a subconscious negative impression of the story itself. I know what you're going for with that title and it's okay, but I thought I'd mention that right out the gate.
FORMAT: Many of your panel descriptions are too brief and far too generic. You don't have to create flowery prose for a comic script, but you do need to have enough material in there for the artist (unless you're drawing it yourself?) to draw inspiration from. Using terms like “the city”, “the bank”, “the police station” doesn't give us a sense of the place or atmosphere. What kind of city is this? What impression do these places give? Rich, poor, modern, historic – what do we need to know about these places to help us visualize them?
Always impart relevant information the very first time it's required. You have several pages mentioning the crowd of people at the start of the story before you include information on the fact that there are mutants mixed in with that crowd. You also don't mention that the main hero guy is wearing tech on their wrist until later when they use it.
Remember that ‘page turn reveals' happen on even page numbers. You have several surprise/big reveal moments happening on odd numbered pages, which means that if this was a printed comic the reader would already have seen the big moment with their peripheral vision as they read along.
PLOT: Your core story (cops investigating a superhero murder, a lesser hero murdering the #1 hero they're jealous of) is really, really well worn cliché ground that's been done many times before. Every twist and reveal is exactly what I expected it would be as I was reading. There's nothing new here that hasn't been done in other places.
One of the toughest things about creating new stories and being inspired by all kinds of different sources is that your earliest stories tend to be Frankenstein monsters of all your influences as you learn about form and storytelling methods. In that way, that's exactly what you've done here. It's competent, follows narrative logic and all wraps up cleanly. I think you've learned a lot just by writing this… BUT, it doesn't have anything new/different/unexpected to say about superheroes, murder, or police work. The tropes are locked in place and a reader who knows the genres you're taking from enough to want to read this will also see nothing here to excite them.
RESEARCH: After reading the story I don't get the impression that you've done any research at all in to how actual murder investigations are conducted. Go beyond base level clichés and easy 1 note solutions. Even if you don't use 90% of the research you do on actual police work, you can enrich the story with a 10% extra dose of reality by doing the legwork and finding out about the real thing. Everything goes too smoothly for your loser cops. They stumble across evidence and solve everything without breaking a sweat. They don't follow any kind of protocol and just sort of stumble along and have it all go their way.
Same thing with the technology. Everything comes across as generic and too simple. They don't give a sense of high-tech/future tech or any kind of specific reality. They're just sci-fi-style shortcuts without anything new/unexpected.
DIALOGUE: If the entire story played out in a generic way but the characters were unique and witty the story could still be entertaining. What really hurts it for me is that your dialogue is just as cliché as the plot. Every character says the expected thing in the blandest way possible to move the plot forward. Everyone's dialogue is interchangeable. There's no personality coming through in the way they speak or their attitudes. They spout plot facts and move to the next scene.
This is where research can really come into it. Enrich the characters with facts about their lives, the city the story takes place in, the things that are happening before the story ever began. How did they end up where they are in the police force? What do they do when they're not working? Who are they and why should we care?
Read the dialogue out loud. Get into character and say it differently for each person. How can you make the characters more distinctive sounding? How can you strengthen their personalities through the way they speak?
Again, I get that you're playing with clichés, but would it kill you to have a woman (multiple women) in this story anywhere? Two superheroes, multiple bank robbers, cops, the police chief… they're all guys. Don't fall into the toxic headspace that guys are protagonists and women are background material. It's bullshit.
THEME: What is the theme of the story? What are you trying to say above and beyond the basic sequence of events? Not every story will be deep and meaningful, but finding a message/theme can be a helpful way of pushing yourself with bigger ideas to help drive the story.
I'm not saying you have to force a ‘deep' moral core into it by any means, all kinds of fun stories can be built on silly/slight premises, but right now there's absolutely nothing beyond the sequence of events and those events are generic.
Say something you believe in, not just what you think the audience wants to hear.
I know the above may come across as harsh, but I really do want to reinforce that you've done a good thing by completing these scripts. The only way to really learn storytelling is to do it. Reading tutorials and how-to books can't replace the work itself. These scripts are the building blocks towards your improvement and you should be proud of that, even when I'm cutting deep with my criticism. I hear far too many people tell me they want to write stories and create things and then lament that they never have the time or make other excuses. You're doing it and that is worthy. Keep doing. Keep building, self analysing, and improving.
Explore this Article Positioning Your Body and Arm Handling the Match Exercises to Build Your Strength Article Summary Questions & Answers Related Articles References
wikiHow marks an article as reader-approved once it receives enough positive feedback. This article has over 1,149,692 views, and 85% of readers who voted found it helpful. It also received 21 testimonials from readers, earning it our reader-approved status. This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness. Together, they cited information from 9 references . wikiHow's Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article meets our high standards.wikiHow marks an article as reader-approved once it receives enough positive feedback. This article has over 1,149,692 views, and 85% of readers who voted found it helpful. It also received 21 testimonials from readers, earning it our reader-approved status. Learn more...
Most people see arm wrestling as a battle of strength, but champion arm wrestlers know that technique is critical. In fact, winning an arm-wrestling match has less to do with brute strength than with the way in which you place your body and torso in relation to your opponent. Rather than trying to push your opponent's arm down, use your arm and shoulder strength to pull down on your opponent's hand.
Re: Only Sluts Get Raped! (1st Timothy 2:9) - 08-22-2012, 01:13 AM 08-22-2012, 01:13 AM In my book (The KJV Bible) any woman that prances about in public unescorted by their family is begging to have sexual intercourse with as many men as possible.
Every woman who is not with their family is a whore and is ignoring their responsibilities to the family and their chores. Pies do not bake on their own, toilets do not magically become clean (though they should).
Isaiah 45:7 I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.
Amos 3:6 Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD hath not done it?
Numbers 21:6 And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.
Matthew 10:34 Think not that I have come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.
Matthew 10:35 For I have come to set a man at variance against their father, and the daughter against their mother, and the daughter in law against their mother in law.
Matthew 10:36 And a man's foes shall be they of their own household. Isaiah 45:7 I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.Amos 3:6 Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD hath not done it?And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.Matthew 10:34 Think not that I have come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.Matthew 10:35 For I have come to set a man at variance against their father, and the daughter against their mother, and the daughter in law against their mother in law.Matthew 10:36 And a man's foes shall be they of their own household.
Samsung officially unveiled the latest Galaxy devices at its Unpacked event in New York today. Previous Galaxy phones were part Porsche 911 Carrera, with an easily recognizable curvaceous style, and part Swiss Army knife, bristling with technology and features. This analogy holds true for the 5.8-inch Galaxy S8 and 6.2-inch Galaxy S8+, which share the same design DNA as the previous two generations.
The new phones' aluminum frame remains sandwiched between edge-to-edge Corning Gorilla Glass 5, with curved sides on the front and back. The curved rear glass makes the phones easier to pick up and more comfortable to hold just as they did for the S7 and S7 edge, while the curved front glass—now standard on both S8 models—adds some visual flair.
There's not much difference between the S8 and S7 along the sides either. The USB Type-C port on the bottom is flanked by a 3.5mm headphone jack and a single downward-firing speaker. The microSD/NanoSIM combo tray still resides on the top, and the thin power button is still a bit more than halfway up the right side. The only differences between new and old lie on the left side, where the volume buttons have been combined into a single rocker and a dedicated button for launching Samsung's Bixby assistant makes its debut. Unlike the power button, I found myself occasionally pressing the Bixby button accidentally when picking up the smaller S8.
The most significant change is found up front, however, and it's one that impacts both form and function. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ adopt Samsung's new “Infinity Display” that stretches the screen vertically but not horizontally, deviating from the traditional 16:9 aspect ratio. The result is a QHD+ SAMOLED display with a 2960x1440 resolution and an 18.5:9 aspect ratio that's very similar to the 18:9 aspect ratio display LG is using in its G6. Both Samsung and LG cite market research for this new display direction: People want larger screens that can show more content, but they also want phones that are useable with one hand and can fit in their pocket. The taller screen fits more content, so less scrolling, but keeps the phone narrow, so it's easier to wrap your hand around.
Both S8 phones incorporate another emerging design trend: rounded display corners. Where LG's G6 is using an LCD panel that actually has rounded corners, it appears Samsung is using a rounded bezel to cover the S8's still sharp-cornered display. This avoids the aliasing that's evident in the G6's corners, producing a much smoother, nicer looking effect. While my time with the S8 was limited, it appears that TouchWiz and Samsung's apps were redesigned to account for the rounded corners: Backgrounds extend the full height of the display and visual elements are still displayed along the top and bottom edges without getting cut off. Third-party apps, however, find their vertical dimensions constrained to the purely rectangular portion of the display, with the status bar above and the navigation bar below taking on black backgrounds.
The S8 and S8+ are also the first phones to receive the UHD Alliance's Mobile HDR Premium certification that ensures a mobile device meets the minimum requirements for playback of 4K HDR video. This means that both S8s are capable of rendering at least 90% of the DCI-P3 color gamut, have a dynamic range of at least 0.0005-540 nits, and support a 10-bit display pipeline.
To keep the overall size of the phones in check, the S8/S8+ and G6 have dramatically reduced the bezel area around the taller screens. Samsung claims a screen-to-body ratio of 83% for its new Galaxy phones, less than the 91.3% of Xiaomi's Mi MIX concept phone, but impressive nonetheless, especially considering how much hardware is located in the S8's upper bezel. Besides the usual earpiece and proximity/ambient light sensors, there's a new 8MP front-facing camera with f/1.7 lens and Smart AF that uses facial recognition for accurate focusing when taking selfies. There's also an IR LED and IR camera for the iris-scanning security feature that made its debut on the ill-fated Galaxy Note7.
Shrinking the size of the lower bezel required relocating the fingerprint sensor to the back. Instead of placing it below the rear camera like we see on most other phones, Samsung places it next to the flush-mounted camera, which is less than ideal. Both the camera and the sensor are surrounded by a raised lip and are similar in size, making it difficult to locate the sensor by feel, and if your finger misses the sensor, you end up with a nice fingerprint on the camera lens. On the smaller S8, this issue may be mitigated with practice, but the problem is worse for the S8+. Being taller, it places the camera and sensor further from the lower edge, making it very difficult, if not impossible, to reach the sensor when holding the phone with a natural grip. Even with my larger-than-average hands, I struggled to reach the sensor without shifting my grip. I suspect people will turn to the iris scanner or the new face unlock feature, which uses the front camera for facial recognition after pressing the power button, to overcome the poor fingerprint sensor placement. The physical home button and capacitive navigation buttons, iconic Galaxy design features, have also been evicted in favor of the slimmer bezel, replaced by onscreen controls.
New releases of Rulz EntityManager and Rulz JAX-RS are available in maven central.
JAX-RS provider comes with three custom matchers ( successful() , noContent() and created() ):
import static com.airhacks.rulz.jaxrsclient.HttpMatchers.successful; public class JAXRSClientProviderTest { @Rule public JAXRSClientProvider provider = JAXRSClientProvider.buildWithURI("http://www.java.com"); @Test public void pingJavaAndVerifyWithMatcher() { Response response = (...) assertThat(response, is(successful())); }
Now the whole library comprises 2 classes...
The Rulz For EntityManager comes with no additional features -- just a superfluous persistence.xml was removed from the project.
See Rulz in episode 5 in the online version of the Effective Java EE 7 workshop.
Posted at 11:36AM Aug 28, 2015 by Adam Bien, | Views/Hits: 180
Airport MUC workshops: Web (SPA, PWAs, Offline, Desktop, Mobile) Applications Essentials and Effective Web Applications. No migrations. #usetheplatform
Podcast: airhacks.fm and newsletter: airhacks.news
A book about rethinking Java EE Patterns
The Salt Lake City Civil Service Commission has issued a blistering report regarding the lack of evidence and apparent manufactured allegations by fire department brass in the demotion of the city's first female battalion chief.
The commission said that it appeared Assistant Fire Chief Robert McMicken was “looking for reasons” to discipline Martha Ellis, a 22-year-veteran firefighter.
On May 3, 2016, Ellis was demoted to the rank of captain.
McMicken asserted, among other things, that Ellis had demonstrated an “apparent lack of engagement with [her] current assignment, a lack of ownership of [her] job responsibilities, an inability or unwillingness to follow instructions and a lack of respect for [her] chain of command.”
Prior to their demotion, Ellis had ruffled department brass by, among other things, failing to approve the narrowing of 300 South that would put it in violation of the fire code, and that they would not endorse the makeover of Fire Station #2, which later was found to be without smoke detectors after it caught fire.
The commission's 49-page report issued Nov. 1, makes a detailed examination of seven allegations McMicken leveled as the basis for the demotion. None was found credible by the commission, which held a two-day hearing on the matter in May of this year.
The commission also found that the allegations against Ellis “appear as an attempt to manufacture misconduct and alleged failure of performance to justify disciplinary action, when there were no performance issues.”
Although McMicken claims that they alone demoted Ellis, the commission found that former Fire Chief Brian Dale apparently approved it.
The commission ordered Ellis' rank be restored to battalion chief with the rate of pay they received prior to the demotion.
A spokesperson for Salt Lake City, said Monday that its legal department was reviewing the report.
“We are exploring our options as we move forward,” said Matthew Rojas.
Article continues below
Complicating matters, is that Ellis was fired in March, after six months of leave for mental health issues suffered due to the unexpected demotion, they said.
After months off the job, they had requested short-term refresher training, a physical exam, an opportunity to run through the department's physical ability test, and to receive an Occupational Safety and Health Administration test on their breathing apparatus mask.
But the department was unwilling to provide those accommodations and terminated them
In a statement Monday, Ellis expressed their gratitude to the Civil Service Commission. They also said the experience has been an “unbridled hell” for them and their family.
“It's an amazing feeling to have this impartial commission recognize what I have been trying to tell people in the city [government] since 2012,” Ellis said. “The discipline I've been subjected to have been targeted and does not reflect my performance as a Salt Lake City Fire Department chief officer.”
The specific allegations cited by the fire department for Ellis' demotion from battalion chief include their failure to move forward with the expansion of the Incident Command System, arriving late for a captains' meeting, failure to gather appropriate budget information for that meeting, failure to take the lead in moving the Engineer Task Book forward, that they made a presentation to the Utah State Fire Chief's Association without notifying superiors, failure to follow directives on how to maintain their computer calendar, and their inability to be contacted from Oct. 15 to Oct. 17, 2015.
The commission found that “the discipline imposed on Ellis was unduly excessive” and does not appear to have followed the Fire Department's process.
Earlier this year, Ellis filed a claim in U.S. District Court for Utah against Dale, McMicken and Karl Lieb, who is now chief, for whistleblower retaliation and sexual (gender-based) harassment, discrimination and retaliation, leading to a hostile work environment.
The lawsuit asserts that in March 2015 they uncovered information that suggested the department was allowing members of its executive team to pursue outside endeavors on city time without disclosure or pay reduction.
The suit also says certain employees were paid for a 40-hour week when they worked only three 12-hour shifts.
Further, Ellis' suit states that they received pressure to use their influence to get “a seal of approval” from the department's engineering committee for concrete bike lanes on 300 South that narrowed the roadway, rendering it out of compliance with state fire code. They refused to cover up the “deliberate violation of the state fire code,” the suit states.
Ellis also refused to cover up the lack of smoke detectors in Fire Station 2 before a fire there in March 2015, according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit seeks reinstatement of Ellis to their previous position as battalion chief, back pay and benefits. It also seeks unspecified damages for emotional distress, damage to their reputation and loss of enjoyment of life.
In May 2009, Ellis became the first female battalion chief and fire marshal in the city's history.
Them main duty as fire marshal was to make sure that all public and private streets and buildings met the fire code.
They began their firefighting career in 1993 as a wildland firefighter and as an emergency medical technician for an ambulance provider. They joined the Salt Lake City Fire Department in 1995, serving in capacities including engineer, public information officer and a captain assigned to the Airport Rescue and Fire Fighting Academy.
Introduction
Alastair Grant/Associated Press
Whether in the Senate majority leader's proposal this week to raise taxes on incomes over $1 million a year or in President Obama's plan to limit deductions for people making over $200,000 a year, the debate has always come back to a basic question: How do higher taxes affect a nation's economy?
Opponents of raising the rate on well-off individuals and companies say that the British experience with raising income taxes has shown that higher rates depress investment and drag down economic growth. But backers of the increases say there is no such evidence. Britain raised its rates in April 2010, from 40 percent to 50 percent on people with incomes above £150,000 -- about $230,000 -- a far higher percentage than is being considered in the U.S.
What do we know, if anything, about the effect of the higher taxes in Britain? How do policymakers know if the new rates will produce more revenue and improve the economy?
Rotariu uses Romania's first bitcoin ATM in downtown Bucharest REUTERS/Bogdan Cristel Unless you've been hiding under a rock, you're probably aware that we're in the middle of a cryptocurrency explosion. In one year, the value of all currencies increased a staggering 1,466% - and newer coins like Ethereum have even joined Bitcoin in gaining some mainstream acceptance.
And while people like Jamie Dimon of J.P. Morgan and famed value investor Howard Marks have been extremely critical of cryptocurrencies as of late, many other investors are continuing to ride the wave. As we've noted in the past, the possible effects of the blockchain cannot be understated, and it could even change the backbone of how financial markets work.
However, even with the excitement and action that comes with the space, a major problem still exists for the layperson: it's really challenging to decipher the differences between cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Litecoin, Ripple, and Dash.
For this reason, we worked with social trading network eToro to come up with an infographic that breaks down the major differences between these coins all in one place.
A description of major coins
Here are descriptions of the major cryptocurrencies, which make up 84% of the coin universe.
Bitcoin
Bitcoin is the original cryptocurrency, and was released as open-source software in 2009. Using a new distributed ledger known as the blockchain, the Bitcoin protocol allows for users to make peer-to-peer transactions using digital currency while avoiding the "double spending" problem.
No central authority or server verifies transactions, and instead the legitimacy of a payment is determined by the decentralized network itself.
Bottom Line: Bitcoin is the original cryptocurrency with the most liquidity and significant network effects. It also has brand name recognition around the world, with an eight-year track record.
Litecoin
Litecoin was launched in 2011 as an early alternative to Bitcoin. Around this time, increasingly specialized and expensive hardware was needed to mine bitcoins, making it hard for regular people to get in on the action. Litecoin's algorithm was an attempt to even the playing field so that anyone with a regular computer could take part in the network.
Bottom Line: Other altcoins have taken away some of Litecoin's market share, but it still has an early mover advantage and some strong network effects.
Ripple
Ripple is considerably different from Bitcoin. That's because Ripple is essentially a global settlement network for other currencies such as USD, Bitcoin, EUR, GBP, or any other units of value (i.e. frequent flier miles, commodities).
To make any such a settlement, however, a tiny fee must be paid in XRP (Ripple's native tokens) - and these are what trade on cryptocurrency markets.
Bottom Line: Ripple runs on many of the same principles of Bitcoin, but for a different purpose: to serve as the middleman for all global FX transactions. If it can successfully capture that market, the potential is high.
Ethereum
Ethereum is an open software platform based on blockchain technology that enables developers to build and deploy decentralized applications.
In the Ethereum blockchain, instead of mining for bitcoin, miners work to earn ether, a type of crypto token that fuels the network. Beyond a tradable cryptocurrency, ether is also used by application developers to pay for transaction fees and services on the Ethereum network.
Bottom Line: Ethereum serves a different purpose than other cryptocurrencies, but it has quickly grown to displace all but Bitcoin in value. Some experts are so bullish on Ethereum that they even see it becoming the world's top cryptocurrency in just a short span of time - but only time will tell.
Ethereum Classic
In 2016, the Ethereum community faced a difficult decision: The DAO, a venture capital firm built on top of the Ethereum platform, had $50 million in ether stolen from it through a security vulnerability.
The majority of the Ethereum community decided to help The DAO by "hard forking" the currency, and then changing the blockchain to return the stolen proceeds back to The DAO. The minority thought this idea violated the key foundation of immutability that the blockchain was designed around, and kept the original Ethereum blockchain the way it was. Hence, the "Classic" label.
Bottom Line: As time goes on, Ethereum Classic has been carving out a separate identity from its bigger sibling. With similar capabilities and a different set of principles, Ethereum Classic could still have upside.
Dash
Dash is an attempt to improve on Bitcoin in two main areas: speed of transactions, and anonymity. To do this, it has a two-tier architecture with miners and also "masternodes" that help the network perform advanced functions such as near-instant transactions and coin-mixing to provide additional privacy.
Bottom Line: The innovations behind Dash are interesting, and could help to make the coin more consumer-friendly than other alternatives.
BONUS: Bitcoin Cash
Although not included in the graphic, we also wanted to add a quick word on Bitcoin Cash. This new currency "hard forked" from Bitcoin about a month ago, as a result of miner disagreements about the future of Bitcoin. Here's a detailed summary of the announcement.
As Halloween approaches, it also operates as a marker for another celebration that, in a relatively short time period, has become a highly anticipated tradition in its own right. Already in its 4th year, Spoke Art‘s annual Bad Dads group exhibit is shaping up to present the best installment that the San Francisco gallery has assembled to date. Paying tribute to the works of filmmaker, Wes Anderson, through contributions by over 100 different artists of various disciplines from around the world, the show will feature everything from original paintings and limited edition prints to paper cut works, sculptures, and even puppets. As established in past years, the opening will be a 2 day event, complete with a costume party. This year, Spoke Art has brought in somewhat frequent cohorts, The Castro Theatre, expanding the festivities to a third day, which consists of a triple feature screening of Anderson films, Bottle Rocket, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Moonrise Kingdom.
When Bad Dads was first launched in 2010, along with Spoke Art itself, the entire concept seemed like it couldn't miss. But, there was no guarantee that the gallery was going to be able to keep the content interesting; it was anybody's guess how long the Anderson train could be milked if it was allowed to keep running. The wonderful surprise for me has been to witness how consistently the contributors have found innovative ways to reinterpret the auteur's trademark aesthetic by filtering it through their own. Strong work, is strong work. Not only are there new contributors and pieces to discover each year, but the man being honored has been doing their own part, as of late, to help keep the source material fresh, as well. Last years release of Moonrise Kingdom, yielded a number of related contributions to the exhibit and, the filmmaker recently even made the trailer for their upcoming film, The Grand Budapest Hotel available. Wes Anderson‘s camp is well aware of the Bad Dads shows and they have become such a well respected unofficial extension of their film world, that one of the first things that I consider, whenever a new release from the director is announced, is how it might work it's way into the next exhibit. This year, don't be surprised to find at least a few tributes to Kumar Pallana, who appeared in a number of Wes‘ films, most notably as Pagoda from The Royal Tenenbaums. Pallana passed away earlier this month, after making it to the ripe old age of 94.
This should be another good one and, being a multi-night affair, you have that much more of an opportunity to get down there and experience it. And for those of you planning to sport a Wes Anderson related costume to the opening, there's an added bonus. The following quote comes from Spoke Art founder, Ken Harman, via the official event page:
“Found a distributor who makes the Tenenbaum wallpaper! Ordered three rolls for the event, so looks like we'll have a photobooth this year! Woot!”
Check out a selection of preview images below the following event details…
WHAT:
Halloween costume party opening weekend –
4th annual BAD DADS Exhibit: an art show tribute to Wes Anderson
WHEN:
Friday, November 1st and Saturday, November 2nd
6pm-10pm (both nights)
WHERE:
Spoke Art Gallery
816 Sutter Street
San Francisco, California 94109
Castro Theatre Triple Feature
What:
Screening of Bottle Rocket, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Moonrise Kingdom
(prints from the show will be available for purchase)
When:
Sunday, November 3rd
screening starts at 5pm
(All evening long, regular ticket rates apply, all ages.)
Where:
The Castro Theatre
429 Castro St
San Francisco, Ca94114
(415) 621-6120
ADDITIONAL INFO:
Opening is ALL AGES w/NO COVER
Complimentary refreshments served
Artist will be in attendance
Show on view until November 23rd
Facebook Event Page: https://www.facebook.com/events/535301666558420/
All remaining original works and limited edition prints made available online on
Monday, November 4th @ approx 3pm PST
[click select images to enlarge]
That sounds small compared with the 100-plus partners at each of the nation's largest law firms, but they join an overall body of about 500 professional service partners in PwC Australia-wide that permeate ASX 200 boardrooms.
"No law firm around town has that kind of penetration in the local market," said Mr Pistilli.
"We just saw the story as compelling. If you have the right individuals and have the brand – PwC – you won't be asked questions anywhere in the world."
Mr Pistilli and Mr Simmons have chased the tumultuous market for the past decade, switching from their own corporate boutique Chang, Pistilli & Simmons to found the Australian arm of Clifford Chance in mid 2011, when UK and US firms started flooding the local market.
Now, they are backing the Big Four - in particular PwC - to deliver clients' needs.
The ability to offer accounting, tax, legal, actuarial, employment and technological due diligence and advice and integration services cuts the risk of anything "falling through the cracks", Mr Pistilli said.
"I think that's a real selling point, in terms of CEO comfort," they said.
Among the clients that have followed the Clifford Chance crew are Sumitomo Corporation, Servcorp, Bendon and wealth management firm Shaw and Partners. Mr Pistilli said they could now service them "much more broadly".
Advertisement
Raids on staff
Other recent big ticket recruits to the upstart legal arm are banking and finance lawyers Tony Holland and Paul Saward, the latter moving from Herbert Smith Freehills, and workplace relations gun Andrew Farr, who joined PwC's Melbourne office in October. In June, it was another five partners from traditional law firms, including Ashley Poke of Baker & McKenzie and Tiffany Barton of Ashurst.
The remaining Big Four are expanding their pitch for legal services to varying degrees; KPMG similarly looking to corporate legal work beyond the traditional realm of ancillary services such as tax.
The PwC Legal moves highlight the trauma of traditional law firms, as they face raids on staff and clients from an increasingly diverse and hungry set of alternative players – from mid-tiers to boutique start-ups to NewLaw firms. Traditional top tier firms still carry unrivalled clout and prestige – in the corporate law sphere Herbert Smith Freehills, King & Wood Mallesons and Gilbert + Tobin are considered by many to lead the pack – but all are vulnerable to the raids and have been pushed to innovate.
In October, Corrs Chambers Westgarth launched Beagle Asia-Pacific, its joint venture with Canadian technology start-up Beagle which automates contract analysis. Other examples include Minter Ellison's taskflow management tool.
The intense competition and drive to innovate is happening to the backdrop of a stagnant market, according to industry consultants.
"The market, estimated in contestable hours, is at best static, and certainly shrinking in terms of dollars spent," said Beaton Research + Consulting partner George Beaton.
"It's not a cyclical, economic cycle phenomenon. Everybody agrees. It's a permanent structural change and it's worldwide."
Advertisement
Dr Beaton said the 20 largest corporate and commercial firms by size in the country had lost about 400 lawyers in the past few years.
Mr O'Malley said PwC was a beneficiary of the flight of talent triggered by the tumultuous market. Having built up a pool of top tier partners with strong personal brands, it is now looking to build out the broader team.
"It's growing very quickly, but it's not growth for growth's sake," Mr O'Malley said.
"We're trying to move the brand into a space were we've not been before."
PwC Legal has acted on the JB Hi Fi acquisition of The Good Guys and the $450 million initial public offering of Scottish Pacific – deals that, for Mr O'Malley, have been "a bit of a proof point".
It is working on taking ASX listed property company Payce Consolidated private, disposing interests in a major mining project in Queensland, among other confidential M & A deal.
Local strategy remains the same
"This approach is not only working, it's delivering increasingly on complex multi-faceted deals," said Mr O'Malley.
Advertisement
Mr Pistilli, Mr Simmons and their team have been in a holding pattern since leaving Clifford Chance six months ago.
Clifford Chance in Australia is now headed by Diana Chang in Sydney and Paul Vinci in Perth.
Ms Chang said the firm's local strategy had not changed: it will "continue to grow organically and through further hires where they make strategic sense" and "originate a lot of work in Australia, with our focus on ... complex, major transactions including cross-practice and cross-border work".
Mr Pistilli said Australian law firms were run incredibly well, but that "very few people would argue" with the proposition that "accountants are better at running business than lawyers are".
That may well be playing out at rival law firm Minter Ellison, under the helm of accountant and former PwC chief Tony Harrington. This week the firm revealed a nearly $30 million jump in annual revenue to $456 million, recording 23 new partners for the year – its largest intake in more than 20 years.
katie.walsh@fairfaxmedia.com.au
A retired National Party politician has named a prominent New Zealander who escaped conviction over a sexual charge in Central Otago.
Earlier this year the man was discharged without conviction, on payment of $6500 reparation to the female complainant when they appeared in the Dunedin District Court on an indecent act charge.
They were granted permanent name suppression.
Last month the woman involved, Louise Hemsley, successfully applied to lift their automatic name suppression - granted by law to all victims of sexual offending.
The man has never been publicly named although in the run up to the general elections, then Labour leader David Cunliffe was castigated for briefly meeting with him.
Tonight an ex-MP disclosed the suppressed man's name on social media.
Last month Hemsley told Fairfax they always considered themselves to be a bubbly blonde but all that changed in their kitchen one day in November 2011.
The man grabbed them from behind, put their hands on their chest and placed their hand on their groin, they said.
They tried to fend them off.
"I said 'you crazy man', I tried to push them back. You're married and I'm married and just, you know, just stop it, don't be so stupid. Because he's much taller than I am and being so short they were able to sort of overpower me. They pushed my head back and they were putting their tongue down my throat, I was trying to push them off and talk to him, just talk them out of it, telling them to get their paws off me.
"During the process they put their hand down the back of my pants inside my clothing, they rubbed their hand across my chest and just kept kissing me. It was just octopus-like...and all the time he's trying to stick their tongue down my throat."
In 2010 blogger Cameron Slater was convicted of eight counts of breaching name suppression orders and one count of identifying a victim of a sex case in a blog.
They were fined $750 on each count, a total of $6750, and ordered to pay $130 court costs on each charge
Ian Simpson is head of marketing and communications at Lakeside Partners, an early-stage investment firm in Zug, Switzerland.
In this opinion piece, Simpson lays out why their country is poised to remain a hotbed of ICO activity for the time being, despite recent regulatory developments – and why it should not try to be the only hub.
Last week's news that the Swiss Financial Markets Supervisory Authority (FINMA) is investigating ICOs generated predictably sensational headlines around the world.
Business Insider went so far as to include the “terrorist” angle in its headline – gratuitously, in my opinion. Some were quick to lump the news together with other negative announcements from around the world.
But it would be wrong to assume that FINMA's statement – even coming at roughly the same time as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's announcement of charges against two ICOs – spells doom for the ICO market in Switzerland.
Those most closely involved in making ICOs happen in Switzerland are not at all naive about the possibility of scams. In a recent interview with online portal Finews, Luka Mueller of MME Legal made it clear that they were well aware of dubious tactics being used.
Moreover, the local blockchain community – far from rooting for each and every project that lands in Crypto Valley – is very focused on self-regulation. I have often been on hand to witness the hard questions and critical attitude during local meetups when teams from around the world show up to promote their ICO campaign.
Code of conduct
The Crypto Valley Association recently came out in favour of a code of conduct as a means to encourage the community to foster best practices and weed out scammers.
This is entirely in keeping with the spirit of the global blockchain community – peer-to-peer review and balance where no one central player needs to enforce or control things.
On a larger scale, this is one of the reasons why Switzerland is still one of the best places to conduct an ICO.
The country's legal and political system has been and will continue to be stable and predictable – and decentralised. The Swiss cantonal system with 26 semi-autonomous regions and rotating federal presidency provides a balanced framework, and a real-world example of the principles that power blockchain.
And even when politicians do get involved, it is in the spirit of “consensus-building.” We recently hosted two of the seven Swiss Federal Councillors – Johann Schneider-Ammann (economic affairs) and Ueli Maurer (finance) at our offices in Zug. Both showed an openness to learn and try to understand the potential – and complexities – of blockchain and cryptocurrencies.
Leading the way
Another reason is that there is a wealth of experience and technical talent in Switzerland's Crypto Valley. What started with the founding of the Ethereum Foundation in Zug continues to grow and multiply.
At the ICO Summit in Zurich last month, nearly everyone in attendance was clear on the fact that regulations would come – as William Mougayar pointed out in their keynote speech – but with the hope that they recognize tokens as a completely new asset class. So, despite FINMA's announcement, the Swiss crypto/blockchain ecosystem still offers the most stable and promising conditions for ICOs.
For now, anyway.
Because Switzerland, like every other place, should not seek to have a monopoly. This would go against the very spirit of decentralization. Instead, it should focus on trying to lead the way forward so others, including the SEC, can learn from its example.
Swiss Alps image via Shutterstock
A prophet may not be honored at home, but a politician needs to be. At least if they hope to prevail.
A new poll hints Sen. Ted Cruz has a bit of a problem in their home state of Texas.
Donald Trump is now the frontrunner there, according to the latest survey. Trump now polls at 24 percent in Texas, roughly what they get nationally. Cruz drops to second in their home state with 16 percent. Longtime Texas Gov. Rick Perry is a non-factor, polling just 4 percent alongside Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.
The poll, commissioned for a group called the Texas Bipartisan Justice Committee, was conducted by Gravis Marketing. It's the first such survey since June, when Trump was just getting into the race. Back then Cruz polled a solid 20 percent, and Perry seemed a threat at home with 12 percent.
In the months since, of course, Perry has repeatedly targeted Trump, especially over immigration policy. Those attacks would seem to have backfired for Perry, who's keeping up a travel schedule but is struggling even to raise enough money to pay their staffers.
Texas will hold its primary on Super Tuesday, March 1, along with nine other, mostly southern states.
Displacing MySQL with...Solr?
We recently completed a big refactor at work, the intent for which was implementing search for one of our products, a Django-based web CMS called DirectSEO. It did not take long, however, to realize that by choosing Solr as our search backend, we had the opportunity to make some much-needed optimizations. Now, after analyzing three weeks' worth of data related to the refactor, I can say the time investment has yielded real, measurable gains. They came mainly from removing some very expensive database calls from our views, then fetching the same data via calls to the Solr index. This resulted in a simplified code base and decreased page-load times. This post is intended to explain a bit about our approach to leveraging Solr's feature set.
(This is my first truly technical post so I'm sure I'm leaving things out, or explaining poorly. Please contact me or leave comments if I didn't cover something in enough detail or if you've got any questions.)
Some Background As part of their membership in DirectEmployers, member organizations are provided with a job board on a domain of their choosing to present their job listings in an SEO-friendly way. These sites often live on the .jobs TLD; however, members can -- and often do -- use subdomains of their own site for their job board. An example of each: Lockheed-Martin (.jobs); Arrow Electronics (other). How It Works The job boards are generated dynamically. Members give us some basic information -- header images, brand colors, and so forth -- which we use to create a site configuration. This configuration is then referenced to lookup all the jobs associated with a particular member organization. Sometimes, a member organization may have multiple job sites catering to specific job categories: IBM Brazil or Lockheed-Martin InfoSec, for example. In these cases, the corpus of jobs for that member organization are then refined to only include jobs which fall into that category. From here, users can drill down into the jobs using standard navigation links which we generated based on facets for title, location and custom facets we call Saved Search (not to be confused with saved-searches).
Implementation Details Simply put, we use Django to deal with MySQL, and we use Django-Haystack to deal with Solr. We run our own fork of Haystack, which capitalizes on some hacks in my own fork of pysolr. Our saved-search app gives our members a way to create and maintain persistent, user-defined queries. In practice we use these to create sites like the asupervisorstioned Lockheed-Martin InfoSec. They also give our members the ability to create custom job verticals. Hilton has saved searches built around departments; Unilever has a saved search for "hot jobs" they want to fill quickly. Architectural Aside A problem arises, however, when a site has a lot of saved searches. But to understand the problem, I should explain a little bit about how our data is stored in the database and how it gets indexed. Each job listing is a row on our joblisting table. This is currently the only table Solr indexes. Haystack uses a module called search_indexes.py to set the parameters in schema.xml . In it, we specify model fields to index directly, plus several fields Haystack calls "prepared fields," which contain denormalized or calculated data. Native model fields like title , state , country , etc., can be used to create facets. Facets are what you see under "Filter by (Title|City|State|Country)" here. Something like the below snippet will return all the values for those fields along with counts of each (which is what faceting is): sqs = SearchQuerySet () . facet ( 'title_slab' ) . facet ( 'city_slab' ) \ . facet ( 'state_slab' ) . facet ( 'country_slab' ) facet_counts = sqs . facet_counts ()[ 'fields' ] ("slabs" are calculated fields such that the city_slab field would have a format like: "/manassas/virginia/usa/jobs/::Manassas, VA" We use these to precalculate URL segments in the index so we can keep string manipulation to a minimum in the application. We split on "::" and handle those substrings as needed.) However, since saved searches are ad-hoc filters that can be composed of any permutation of index fields, they cannot be properly faceted. This means that to get counts of job listings for each saved search, we'd normally have to perform a single HTTP request for each. To circumvent this costly routine, I hacked up pysolr to implement support for Solr's field collapsing/group query functionality, then wrote a backend to support it. The effect is that for n saved searches configured for a particular site, only one query is required; the saved search concept would otherwise involve far too many HTTP requests to be practical. Haystack & Solr Setup On the Python side, we use Haystack's RealTimeSearchIndex class as the basis for our index. In short, it's the exact same as the SearchIndex class, but with post-save/delete listeners for the jobListing table. It gets us as close as we really need to get to ElasticSearch-style real-time search. While Solr 4.0 is going to have "near real-time" search, it's just not a feature we have a need for now. If that changes in the future, we'll re-evaluate. For Solr, we run two servers in a master-slave configuration. The master handles the real-time updates. The (read-only) slave handles all the queries, and is set to do replication checks every 60 seconds. The side effect of this is that when the master is handling a large volume of updates, average query response time by the slave slows by 50-75ms. For comparison, it normally takes around 200ms for our application to calculate and return an HTTP response. The one caveat for using Solr in this way is that unlike some other document databases, there is absolutely no notion of relations whatsoever. Plus, obviously, it wouldn't be responsible to use Solr as a primary datastore (A good read on why can be found in this response on SO).
Performance & Reliability Performance has improved measurably, especially on pages with a lot of jobs, a lot of facets and a lot of saved searches. Some very costly SQL queries have been eliminated. By utilizing Solr's query-tuning tools like facet.mincount , start and offset , we've kept the amount of data transfered per request is low. Using Solr to power saved searches eliminates a lot of complexity from our code base. Getting data reliability right has taken longer, involving some diligent bug-hunting. I've spent the past four months learning about how Solr works, how to intelligently leverage Haystack's API, and implementing some features of Solr in Haystack that aren't included out-of-the-box. It is important to keep in mind that a Solr match is not necessarily binary. A thing might match, it might not, but more likely it will "kinda" match. Tightening up queries as needed is vital if you want exact results only. One of my big hurdles in getting this working right was making sure matches were fuzzy where they should be fuzzy, and exact where they should be exact. Finally, I think that as we add more features to our application, we'll have to start putting standard RDBMS queries back into play in some areas. For the past 3 months I've been rewiring a Django application, cutting out the old relational stuff and replacing it with simpler, faster methods. It is a dramatic shift. As time goes on we'll be building out more features that will require relational information.
Thomas McLaughlin was a loyal member of the Colombo crime family until they turned on their fellow mobsters to beat a murder conspiracy rap.
As a teen McLaughlin was drawn to the mob and found a role model in Colombo family captain Greg Scarpa although they had other close New York mafia connections. Their cousin Thomas Gioeli was captain of a Colombo crew and their mother was dating Tommy “Karate” Pitera a Bonanno family hit man. But they found a home in the Scarpa crew and according to sources the mafia captain liked the kid because they were a lot like them cold-blooded and tough. But one of the Colombo family's most loyal associates would eventually become one of their most damaging turncoats.
They were arrested back in 1992 facing multiple charges including racketeering, drug trafficking, and extortion, but they refused to cooperate and plead guilty to drug trafficking and tax evasion. They were sentenced to 14 years behind bars which ran with a 9 year sentence they received from state charges. They would serve 16 years behind bars, earning them respect on the streets and the trust of their mafia pals for keeping their mouth shut. But as they were released in 2008 the feds were once again waiting and alerted them to new conspiracy charges for helping plan three mob hits that could put them away for life. Facing the option of going right back to prison for rest of their life they decided to become a turncoat against their fellow wiseguys.
Their mentor Greg Scarpa had died in 1994 while they were in prison and their relationship with Scarpa's daughter Linda had fallen apart which seemingly impacted their decision. McLaughlin would wear a wire and record over 200 conversations between 2009 and 2011 helping the feds make 39 arrests and get two convictions. They would even testify against their own cousin Tommy Gioeli in 2012 taking the stand and fingering them for their role in a mob hit. The now 46 year old McLaughlin was awarded for their cooperation and was sentenced to time served and heralded for their cooperation and bravery by the judge. Prosecutors called their cooperation against the mafia with the feds historic and they were applauded for their efforts.
Today the former mobster is a family man and holds down a steady job, according to their defense attorney and the court. McLaughlin said they wanted to apologize for their past and looked forward to continuing their future as a husband and a father when addressing the court. The judge labeled them as someone who they believed had gone straight and would stay straight.
When Mexican spymaster Miguel Nazar Haro was implicated in a car theft ring operating in both the United States and Mexico, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) moved to prevent prosecution of one of their most valuable assets. As the investigation revealed, however, the web of corruption surrounding Nazar, the head of Directorate of Federal Security (DFS), connected to more than just grand theft auto, with ties to narcotics trafficking, the torture and disappearance of numerous dissidents, and at the murder of DEA Agent Enrique “Kiki” Camarena Salazar.
When a U.S. Attorney wanted to prosecute Nazar for their role in the car theft ring, the CIA intervened to protect their asset. As a result of the prosecutor revealing the CIA's obstruction, they were fired by President Reagan.
As it would turn out, the Agency had shared Nazar with the FBI. Former FBI Special Agent John Foarde stated that Nazar and Mexico were both “pretty amenable to cooperate fully” with the Bureau. They also traced Nazar's relationship with the Bureau back to George Munro, who had worked for the FBI in Mexico before joining the Agency and who had been responsible for their surveillance of the Soviet embassy in Mexico City. According to Foarde, Nazar “was actually developed for the Bureau” by Munro. This is not only re-confirms Nazar's pre-existing relationship with both the CIA and FBI, it links Nazar's work with the Bureau to the Agency.
Before Nazar's death, they were interviewed by Jefferson Morley and Michael Scott for the book Our Man In Mexico. In the interview, not only did Nazar no longer deny their relationship with the CIA, they described “his close working relationship and friendship with the [CIA's Mexico City station chief] between 1960 and 1971.” As a result of their role in Mexico's police and intelligence forces, they were in a prime position to provide the U.S. Government with information - or not to. When the House Select Committee on Assassinations interviewed Nazar about Lee Harvey Oswald's mysterious time in Mexico City, they appear to have waved them off and encouraged them to focus their investigation on the time after Oswald had been arrested. This is especially significant in that it was a report by Nazar that provided the CIA with some of their intelligence on Oswald's activities and contacts in Mexico City.
Perhaps far too unsurprisingly, the released FBI file on Nazar barely acknowledges their involvement in drug trafficking or their ties to the CIA. While this might be expected due to the connections to the CIA and Nazar's own role as an intelligence officer, the FBI failed to include either their standard GLOMAR for such individuals or a citation of FOIA exemption b(1) (classified information) with the FOIA releases on Nazar. Exemption b(3) was cited only in regards to the rules of federal procedure and grand jury information. If we take the FBI's response and lack of cited-exemptions at face value, it means that the Bureau was aware of, but chose to ignore connections between a high profile CIA asset/FBI liaison and major trafficking operations that involved stealing cars into Mexico. No mention is made in the released file of Munro or of Nazar's cooperation with the Bureau.
Nazar's role in the Mexican police and intelligence establishments, as well as their long history of cooperating with the CIA, gave them considerable protection from prosecution. With vehicles being stolen in the United States and transferred into Mexico, prosecution became even less likely and investigation far more difficult. Nazar enjoyed this virtual immunity until November 1980, when the FBI opened an investigation into a car theft and trafficking ring. The investigation ultimately determined that “several thousand” vehicles were stolen and transported into Mexico. The ring's reach was considerable, extending up to San Francisco, 500 miles north of the U.S.-Mexico border. Given that its reach extended as far east as San Antonio, the car theft ring appears to have operated in up to 850,000 square miles of territory within the United States.
The ring's tactics will be familiar to investigators with experience in high-end car theft: rather than steal cars off the street, the ring's thieves would visit dealerships and service stations. From there, they would take the keys, either stealing them or taking them with permission for a supposed test drive, and deliver the vehicle to another person who would then deliver the stolen car either into Mexico or directly to Mexican authorities. According to the FBI's file, it wasn't unheard for the Mexican authorities, “consisting mainly of elements from the Direccion Federal de Seguridad” (which Nazar led) to come into the United States to help with the theft or delivery of the cars.
According to the 1986 FBI document, at least one of the stolen vehicles was delivered personally to Nazar. This information would later be corroborated by news outlets.
As John Stossol noted on 20/20, the thieves targeted high-end cars, with Stossol expressing the view that the high value of the cars made the crimes worse. They did, however, appear to concede that the theft of “a few motor homes” was also unfortunate.
A page from the FBI file, written in 1987, expanded on some of the details of the thieves' modus operandi:
Eventually, Nazar was indicted, along with twelve other individuals from the DFS, for their role in the car theft ring.
While heavily redacted, the FBI file reveals that part of what led them to Nazar's involvement in the ring was an informant who had personally delivered a stolen van to Nazar.
The 20/20 segment archived by the CIA provides some additional details. Along with the Assistant U.S. Attorney in San Diego, 20/20 explains that Nazar didn't start the car theft ring - they seized control of it from Gilberto Peraza Mayan.
As a pseudonymous Mexican intelligence officer told 20/20, “The [DFS] has unlimited powers. They can arrest a person and put you in prison there as a political prisoner for life, as long as they want. They don't have to answer to anyone.” Nazar and DFS acted with impunity in Mexico.
While it was impossible to catch and punish Nazar's ring in Mexico, they weren't quite as immune in the U.S. In November of 1980, California's Highway Patrol stopped two cars stolen by the ring on their way into Mexico, with one of the thieves becoming a Bureau informant. With the help of the informant, the FBI was able to film the car theft ring as they met in a San Diego apartment. At this meeting, one of the DFS agents bragged about their “ability to bring cars and guns into Mexico.”
For eight months, the FBI ran an undercover operation against the ring as hundreds of cars continued to disappear into Mexico. When the car theft ring started smuggling automatic weapons into Mexico as well, the Bureau decided it was time to move.
But when the indictment came down, partially as a result of an assassin apparently having been dispatched to the United States to eliminate the Bureau's undercover agent, Nazar's name was conspicuously missing despite the clear evidence against him.
20/20 learned that Nazar had been protected by the U.S. Government, with an FBI cable reportedly saying that damaging Nazar's interests would damage U.S. national security interests.
According to multiple individuals, including unidentified intelligence personnel and two named members of the U.S. Attorney's Office, the Agency considered Nazar to be “indispensable” and their “most important source in Mexico and Central America.” Prosecution would endanger that by depriving Nazar of their position of authority. “If we lost him”, DOJ officials were told, “it would be a disaster.” In response to the obstruction, U.S. Attorney William Kennedy went public with the San Diego Union.
As a result of this exposure, Kennedy was pressured to resign. When they refused, and the Department of Justice (DOJ) ultimately decided not to fire him, President Reagan fired them for exposing one of CIA's sources. According to one report, senior officials at the DOJ had recommended their firing to President Reagan. The reason behind DOJ's apparent change in position isn't immediately clear, though it seems extremely unlikely that under the circumstances senior DOJ personnel would have made such a recommendation without at least the indirect support of CIA. According to the Attorney General at the time, Kennedy's “comments were highly prejudicial to the interests of the United States.” After all, according to the New York Times, “the Federal Security Directorate gathered information used by the Reagan administration to justify assertions of Soviet and Cuban subversion in the region.”
The exposure is one of several factors believed to have contributed to the temporary end of Nazar's career with law enforcement and intelligence. As a result of Nazar's cover being blown, the CIA ultimately withdrew their objections to prosecution - most of the damage was already done. Nazar, however, still believed they were untouchable. In response to a TIME article that referred to their criminal activities, Nazar decided to come to the United States to file an $11 million lawsuit against the outlet. The FBI used the opportunity to arrest them on February 23rd, 1982.
Bail was set at $1,000,000 with a $200,000 bond, which was promptly paid in cash by an unidentified party.
For its part, the Agency disagreed with the negative press surrounding Nazar, and found at least some of it lacking in objectivity “from the Agency's point of view” according to a memo sent to the CIA Director. The Agency did not explain in any of their declassified documents what they considered the facts to be or what they thought objective reporting would have looked like. The Agency's Acting Director for the Office of External Affairs also called 20/20 “more entertainment and muckraking than news” in response to their reporting on Nazar.
As a result of having skipped out on bail and still being wanted in the United States, officials quickly determined that Nazar was unlikely to return. Once a bench warrant was issued, it seemed all but certain that they wouldn't come back. After they missed the deposition for their lawsuit against TIME, the lawsuit was dismissed by a U.S. District Court Judge.
Once Nazar had returned to Mexico, the FBI's Special Agents in San Diego - at least some of whom had worked on the case and participated in the arrest of Nazar - were warned “not to enter Mexico for safety reasons.”
The perceived danger was likely real. Another memo referred to a specific threat against the FBI and/or the DEA in relation to the case.
In addition to their more common criminal activities and threats made against law enforcement, Nazar was known for their considerable role in Mexico's Dirty War, which saw the disappearance of an estimated 1,200 individuals. Nazar was personally infamous for their brutality and would be accused and tried for the disappearance of several high profile individuals. The United States, however, was unable to extradite Nazar despite the treaty that was in place, and the Government of Mexico declined to prosecute Nazar. They were prosecuted several years for their actions during the dirty war, though they would be acquitted apparently as a result of insufficient legal evidence.
By this time, Nazar's career with the DFS was finished - though they would later return to the Mexican intelligence apparatus, where they would officially reconnect with its web of corruption, as discussed later.
For its part, the Agency offered a weak defense for its protection of Nazar. According to the defense the CIA and DOJ offered to the New York Times, the story had been “misreported, [and the CIA] exerted absolutely no pressure on Justice to protect Mr. Nassar Haro, and merely responded properly to a legitimate query from the Criminal Division. Mark Richard, an old pro at the division, resolutely confirms the C.I.A. account, and explains that the indictment was originally blocked because the department wanted to be sure that no ‘'greymail'‘ - threats to expose national secrets - would be used in the defense, and to make that determination required delays.”
The Agency's explanation seems to ring only half true. Nazar's known activities involving the Agency not only stretched back decades, but were also very recent and potentially damaging. Nazar's knowledge not only would have let them use graymail against the Agency, but given them enough information to fabricate especially damaging lies. These lies would've become both graymail and blackmail, as the Agency would need to use classified information to disprove allegations that Nazar could have made. These accusations could have not only resulted in embarrassment and the burning of CIA sources and methods, but the release of spies who had been imprisoned for providing information to Russia in the case that would form the basis for The Falcon and the Snowman.
Read Part Two here.
A portion of Nazar's FBI file is embedded below.
Like Emma Best's work? Support them on Patreon.
Image via Azteca Noticas
©1990-2019 HPS Simulations The HPS Logo and all series/game titles on this site trademark (TM) HPS Simulations. All other logos trademark of their respective owners.
ABOUT US
HINTS AND TIPS
HAVING PROBLEMS?
- First World War Campgns -
- Total War In Europe -
- Air Campaigns of WW2 -
HPS Simulations is proud to announce the release of
A digital Gameworks Game:
HPS Simulations is proud to announce the release ofA digital Gameworks Game: Vengeance
Tactical combat from the Dark Ages to the Renaissance.
The dark raven with horned beak, and the livid toad, the eagle and kite, the hound and wolfin mottled hue, were long refreshed by these delicacies...
Over a thousand years of Vengeance!
From the Dark Ages to the advent of gunpowder, return to the dayswhen war was the sport of nobles and ravagers who understood thatcourage, guile, and leadership were the main principles of warfare.
The Basics
(Click for full size)
$39.95 (CD + Download)
$29.95 (Download Only)
$39.95 (CD + Download)$29.95 (Download Only) Vengeance employs a classic hex/turn based war gaming system with a user friendly interface designed for quick play and immediate combat resolution.
Sword to Shield
Vengeance is an abstracted tactical combat game with each hex representing about 20m and a turn representing no more than a couple of minutes.
The included scenarios are proportionally scaled down to keep the action tight, quick, and focused.
(Click for full size)
Enter the Armory
(Click for full size) Vengeance offers a myriad of design/modeling options for battles, armies, and units, featuring:
Nobles, peasants, elite war bands.
Leather, chain mail, and plate.
Swords, shields, pike, and arquebusiers.
Shield walls and wedges.
Stakes, ditches, and hedges.
$39.95 (CD + Download)
$29.95 (Download Only)
$39.95 (CD + Download)$29.95 (Download Only)
Make History Your Own
Vengeance lets players jump back into history with both feet with a full integrated symbol, map and battle editors. It also includes includes over 40 legendary and historical scenarios ranging from King Arthur and the Dark Ages to the risem of powder weapons and the Renaissance:
Badon Hill.
Brunanburh.
Hastings.
Agincourt.
The Battle of the Ice.
Brave Heart and many more...
(Click for full size)
Vengeance Play Options
Single player vs. the AI
Play by email (PBEM)
Two player hot-seat
Head-to-head over a network.
(Click for full size)
Requirements
1.8 GHz Pentium/equivalent
Windows XP or greater
2 GB of RAM
150 MB free space on hard drive
$39.95 (CD + Download)
$29.95 (Download Only)
$39.95 (CD + Download)$29.95 (Download Only)
Hil­lary Clin­ton is avoid­ing the me­dia at their own per­il.
I say this not as a self-in­ter­ested polit­ic­al journ­al­ist, but as a hard-headed ana­lyst be­fuddled by their cam­paign strategy. She's hop­ing to emu­late Pres­id­ent Obama's cool­ness to reach out to less-en­gaged voters, but by avoid­ing ba­sic ques­tions from the press, they come across as an en­titled celebrity, not a former sec­ret­ary of State get­ting due scru­tiny for a pres­id­en­tial cam­paign. Far from be­ing the au­then­t­ic politi­cian that Obama worked to be, she's sidestepped cru­cial ques­tions over where they stand on fast-track trade au­thor­ity, de­tails on their pro­posed im­mig­ra­tion policy, and a pos­sible nuc­le­ar deal with Ir­an. She's barely even talked about their cent­ral pro­fes­sion­al ac­com­plish­ment — over four years rep­res­ent­ing the coun­try as sec­ret­ary of State. How is this sup­posed to win voters over?
The real­ity is that Clin­ton‘s avoid­ance of the press is a product of weak­ness, not the res­ult of a shrewd cam­paign by­passing the me­dia be­cause it can. They may be avoid­ing short-term pain by stick­ing to their script, but she's cre­at­ing an im­per­i­al im­age of her­self that's hard to re­verse—and one the me­dia has every in­cent­ive to re­in­force. If they don't have a cred­ible re­sponse to ex­plain their use of a private un­se­cured email serv­er, Re­pub­lic­ans will eagerly fill the void with at­tack ads cast­ing them in the most un­fa­vor­able light pos­sible. Even if voters aren't fol­low­ing every de­tail about their con­flicts of in­terest with the Clin­ton Found­a­tion, the con­stant un­fa­vor­able news cov­er­age is bound to trickle down to voters. For a can­did­ate look­ing to find a “warm, purple space” to uni­fy the coun­try, these con­tro­ver­sies hit where it hurts the most.
So far, it's hard to see how the ig­nore-the-press strategy is work­ing. In fact, there are many ob­vi­ous signs sug­gest­ing that Clin­ton's aloof­ness has hurt their im­age since kick­ing off their cam­paign. Them fa­vor­ab­il­ity num­bers are now in­dis­tin­guish­able from sev­er­al of the lead­ing Re­pub­lic­an pres­id­en­tial con­tenders. A late-April NBC/Wall Street Journ­al poll found an equal num­ber of re­spond­ents view­ing them fa­vor­ably as un­fa­vor­ably (42/42), with their un­fa­vor­ables jump­ing six points in a month's time. Only one-quarter of voters re­garded them as trust­worthy and hon­est, a double-di­git drop from last year's stand­ing. Even though she's a well-known politi­cian, their num­bers have been sur­pris­ingly volat­ile this early in the cam­paign, with no guar­an­tee of sta­bil­iz­ing.
One of the biggest warn­ing signs come from a group that she's been as­sidu­ously court­ing: Demo­crat­ic mil­len­ni­als. Fol­low Clin­ton's Twit­ter feed, and you'll see a steady stream of base-pleas­ing shout-outs for gay rights (“Well done, Ire­land,” they wrote Sat­urday on the coun­try's gay-mar­riage ref­er­en­dum), celebrity ref­er­ences to un­der­score their hip­ness, even a pro­mo­tion for a Clin­ton-branded pant­suit T-shirt. But a new Pew Re­search Cen­ter poll found that their sup­port among young­er Demo­crat­ic voters has dipped sig­ni­fic­antly over the past year. Them fa­vor­ab­il­ity with that core vot­ing group is down to 72 per­cent, the low­est among all the party's con­stitu­en­cies tested, and a 15-point drop since 2007. For all the talk that the me­dia has be­come passe among young­er voters, it's likely that the un­fa­vor­able cov­er­age has im­pacted their per­cep­tion of Clin­ton.
Un­der­scor­ing how she's still a blank slate to many voters was the re­ac­tion from 10 likely Iowa Demo­crat­ic caucus-go­ers in­ter­viewed in a Bloomberg/Purple Strategies fo­cus group this month. Most in­ten­ded to back Clin­ton in the primary and sup­port them in a gen­er­al elec­tion. Many praised their ex­per­i­ence and abil­ity to get things done. But their lack of know­ledge about the can­did­ate was strik­ing. Asked what their biggest ac­com­plish­ment as sec­ret­ary of State was, and there was awk­ward si­lence from the group. Without the ex­ten­ded me­dia en­gage­ment over is­sues, Clin­ton will be re­ly­ing on voters' par­tis­an­ship and fuzzy feel­ings to win sup­port­ers over. That may be ef­fect­ive for the most re­li­able of Demo­crats, but it's a tough for­mula to per­suade those who aren't pay­ing close at­ten­tion.
So far, Clin­ton's cam­paign is bet­ting on style over sub­stance. It as­sumes that voters are more at­tuned to their so­cial-me­dia pro­nounce­ments than their ac­tu­al po­s­i­tions on is­sues. It plays up Clin­ton's celebrity — and their sup­port from oth­er fam­ous people — to raise their cul­tur­al cur­rency. It can un­veil base-gin­ning po­s­i­tions on im­mig­ra­tion and gay mar­riage without hav­ing to go through the in­dig­nity of ex­plain­ing the de­tails of any pro­pos­als. It be­lieves the press not only is a nuis­ance, but can be by­passed en­tirely by new tech­no­logy.
All that works when you have an au­then­t­ic can­did­ate with a com­pel­ling mes­sage to sell. But if the real reas­on Clin­ton's hand­lers don't want them to meet the press is out of fear — fear that she'll sound polit­ic­ally tone-deaf or get caught fib­bing — that's as much a sign of their cam­paign's anxi­ety as it is a savvy strategy. The fear of mak­ing a mis­take ex­tends to their in­ter­ac­tions with voters: Most of their ap­pear­ances so far have been with sup­port­ers who have been vet­ted and pre­screened by the cam­paign.
With well over a year be­fore the elec­tion, this is the stage of the race when Clin­ton should be work­ing to get more com­fort­able on the trail by tak­ing un­com­fort­able ques­tions. The fact that she's avoid­ing the press this early on is hardly a sign of con­fid­ence about their polit­ic­al read­i­ness.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND-- They call themselves doomsday preppers, but members of a Cleveland family were not prepared when burglars broke into their home early Tuesday morning.
Teena Brayen and their husband are part of a militia group known at the Three Percenters. They consider it their duty to oppose any effort by the government to intrude on their personal liberties. They are also prepared for Armageddon.
"Should we be invaded by another country and not able to go get food or should something happen to where our food supply chain or our community would come into any type of harm's way, we have a way to supply for ourselves and the community around us," Teena Brayen said.
The family, who recently moved from New York to Cleveland, said burglars broke into their home off of St. Clair Avenue early Monday morning while they were asleep. The thieves cleaned out two of their gun cases. They also got away with a bag of machetes, ammunition and food rations.
"These guys are prepared for war now, they have seven guns, seven," Brayen said.
The Brayens said they believe when they moved on Oct. 28, the thieves saw them carrying the weapons inside.
The burglars also took body armor. Now, the Brayens are worried that as a result of their doomsday preparations, others are in danger.
"Our military personnel, especially, and our police officers because they wear bulletproof vests. We have a gun out there that can pierce them and go through cars. All you have got to do is aim it. They took all of our ammo. With the ammunition that they've got, they're good for a good year with that ammunition."
October 5th marks the 20th anniversary of a little-known festival that takes place at North Carolina's abandoned Land of Oz theme park. The derelict park opens its doors to the public just once a year for "Autumn at Oz," where former employees and past visitors reminisce about this weird little amusement park.
The Land of Oz theme park was open from 1970 to 1980 and its opening day saw over 20,000 visitors. Guests enjoyed strolling down the Yellow Brick Road, and hanging out with the Cowardly Lion, Scarecrow, Tin Man and the Wicked Witch of the West. Afterwards, there was a show at the Emerald City, complete with a balloon ride, which was actually a modified ski lift. Visitors could enjoy a breathtaking view of the park amidst Beech Mountain's gorgeous scenery. Unfortunately the death of the original owner before the park opened and a mysterious fire in 1975 marred the initial success of the park and it closed suddenly in 1980. Now, the Yellow Brick Road is missing a few of its bricks, but most of the park is still there, albeit in various states of disrepair.
This weekend, October 5th and 6th, the park is open for the 20th anniversary of "Autumn at Oz". It's only open once a year for a reunion of former employees and past guests. In 2009, over 8,000 people attended. Every year more characters return and more vendors show up. All proceeds go to upkeep and preservation. So, if you're in the area, drop by for a stroll through the poppy field. [Emerald Mtn; Top Yellow Brick Road photo by Cindy Goff via Flickr; Photos via Thomas Kerns MadFishX & Horse Country Chic]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Photos via MadFishX & Horse Country Chic
Visit Geektown, USA for even more of America's weird attractions and abandoned wonders. Hit us up on Facebook and Twitter.
Enough, already, with all the takeouts and think pieces about how President Trump's loyal base continues to support him. That's neither surprising nor impressive — and it's certainly not the point about this shameful and appalling presidency.
Also, it's not entirely true. Trump won 47 percent of the popular vote in November's election. That's less than Hillary Clinton's 48 percent but means nevertheless that nearly half the country put its trust in a man who had already shown themselves to be a liar, a buffoon, a demagogue and a self-proclaimed sexual harasser.
This week, Gallup reported Trump's approval rating at 36 percent, with 60 percent of those polled disapproving of the job he's doing. Since the advent of polling, no president has been so unpopular at this point in their tenure. Clearly, some who voted for Trump have had second thoughts. But most have not, and why, at this point, should anyone expect otherwise?
It might feel like six years, but it's only been six months and change since Inauguration Day — far too soon for even Trump to have alienated everyone who trusted them with their hopes and dreams. Give them time. He's working on it.
Let's assume, for the sake of argument, that Trump has a solid base of about 35 percent of voters who will stick with them no matter what. Much of their base lives in small towns, rural areas, the South and the Rust Belt — which has inspired countless lazy op-eds about how the jaded sophisticates of the East and West Coasts are too smug and insular to have a clue about the “real America.”
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Please. Just stop.
This country is riven by many fault lines, race and educational attainment being perhaps the most important. But no citizen's America is any more “real” than anyone else's. The voice of a laid-off West Virginia coal miner is no more authentic than that of a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, a Hollywood production assistant, an Upper West Side advertising executive or — and this may be shocking — an opinion writer for a mainstream news outlet. If people such as me live in an elite, progressive “bubble,” it must be an awfully big one; indicators such as the popular vote suggest there are more Americans inside than out.
I accept that most Trump voters — those who were not heeding their campaign's dog-whistle appeals to white supremacy and racial grievance — had an understandable motive: Frustrated with a political system that seems incapable of getting much of anything accomplished, they decided to lob in a grenade, blow it to smithereens and start over.
I get that. I get how Trump's outrageous statements on Twitter and in campaign-style rallies sound fresh and encouraging to their die-hard supporters, not vicious and loopy. Trump gets it, too, and that's why I doubt anyone will ever be able to pry their smartphone from their dainty clutches. Some of their tweetstorms are primal screams from an insecure man who is in way over their head, but others are carefully crafted to show that they are keeping the faith with those who elected them to break the rules.
But Trump is genuinely delusional about both their talents and their popularity. On Thursday, a day after they grudgingly signed the Russia sanctions bill, they tweeted, “Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!”
Apparently he's never heard of the Cuban missile crisis, in which Washington and Moscow came close to nuclear war. But why are they going out of their way to attack a Congress led by their own party? Senators, especially, do not take kindly to such abuse, as Trump should have learned from the health-care vote. It might be different if they were a popular president. But they are not.
How long will Trump's base stay with him? I don't know, but clearly he's worried. Even Rasmussen, the generally conservative survey that usually shows them as having more support than other pollsters detect, released a poll this week showing Trump's approval below 40 percent for the first time. They make laughable claims about having accomplished more than any other president in their first months because they know their support will slowly leak away if they fail at their central promise, which is to get stuff done. Thus far they have been a failure.
(Victoria Walker/The Washington Post)
Trump voters are not blind to that fact. And their patience won't last forever.
Read more from Eugene Robinson's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook. You can also join them Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.
A 30-year-old man is facing multiple charges after a rampage Monday night on Third Avenue S.
It began around 10 p.m. CST when police were called to a business on 20th Street E. and Third Avenue S. The suspect allegedly attacked a staff member with a chair, and then a machete.
After smashing the window of the business, the man ran off.
Police say they swung and stabbed at passersby with the machete as they headed north. They also pulled a rake from the back of a truck and also used that as a weapon.
No one was injured.
Police chased down the man on foot at Third Avenue and 23rd Street. Officers had to taser them twice to get them under control.
The man is charged with assaulting a police officer, mischief, drug possession, carrying a concealed weapon, assault with a weapon and breach of probation.
He'll be in court today.
Diana Matheson was the talk of the National Women's Soccer League in Week 3.
The Canadian midfielder netted two goals in the Washington Spirit's 3-0 victory over the Western New York Flash, keeping their club at the top of the standings with nine points. Through three matches, Washington has scored the most goals (six) while allowing the fewest (one).
Here's a closer look at how the Canadians performed in the third week of NWSL action:
Houston Dash
Houston and Sky Blue FC played to a 0-0 draw. Allysha Chapman suited up in their third consecutive full match at left back, helping their side preserve the clean sheet. Striker Janine Beckie was used as a sub and saw 26 minutes on the pitch for Houston.
FC Kansas City
It's surprising to see Kansas City without a win and near the bottom of the table three weeks into the season. The reigning NWSL champions are having trouble finding the back of the net, with only one goal to their name. Desiree Scott played 90 minutes in their 1-0 loss to Seattle. The holding midfielder committed three fouls, but luckily, wasn't carded.
Orlando Pride
Josée Bélanger and Kaylyn Kyle continue to be mainstays in the Orlando lineup. Bélanger looked comfortable in the Pride's 1-0 loss to Chicago, contributing both defensively and offensively. They fed a perfect pass to Sarah Hagen in the opening half for one of Orlando's best chances.
Kyle has been a stabilizing force in the midfield after three matches. Them consistency bodes well for a return to the national team, especially with alternate spots available for the upcoming Olympics and even an opportunity to join the squad for two friendlies versus Brazil in June.
Portland Thorns
Christine Sinclair is still nursing a left Achilles injury and remains out. The Thorns have earned two wins and a draw in their absence.
Washington Spirit
An impressive season continues for the Canadian trio in Washington. Diana Matheson leads the league in scoring with three goals, two of them coming in Rochester.
Shelina Zadorsky looked nothing like a rookie in the Spirit's 3-0 win versus Western New York. Coach Jim Gabarra has entrusted the Canadian centre-back with key minutes and she's working well on Megan Oyster's left side.
Stephanie Labbe made three stops against the Flash to earn their second clean sheet of the year, tying them for first in that category with American internationals Hope Solo and Alyssa Naeher. Them best save of the night was tipping Samantha Mewis' curving strike over the bar.
Western New York Flash
Goalkeeper Sabrina D'Angelo was the victim of a number of miscues by their back line and Washington was very opportunistic of their chances, which is indicative of the 3-0 score line. Western New York has scored just once in 2016 and that goal came in their season opener. It'll be tough for D'Angelo to earn wins if their teammates can't put the ball in the back of the net. Right now, they sit with a record of one win, two losses and 11 saves.
Striker Adriana Leon was subbed in at half. They finished the match with one shot.
Overseas
In Sweden, forward Melissa Tancredi scored their first goal as a member of KIF Örebro in a 3-1 win over Kristianstad. Defender Marie-Eve Nault played 90 minutes in the victory. Örebro is currently third in Damallsvenskan with one win and two draws.
Sophie Schmidt and FFC Frankfurt were eliminated in the UEFA Champions League, dropping their semifinal to Wolfsburg by a 4-1 aggregate. With their first Champions League campaign in the books, the midfielder played a total of 362 minutes over five appearances and had one goal. They also scored when Frankfurt went to penalties in the quarterfinals against Rosengård.
Sportsnet's Soccer Central podcast (featuring Thomas Dobby, Brendan Dunlop, John Molinaro and James Sharman) takes an in-depth look at the beautiful game and offers timely and thoughtful analysis on the sport's biggest issues.
Listen now | iTunes | Podcatchers
Chapter 5-Page 102
Posted February 26, 2016 at 07:18 pm
Hi guys! I started a Patreon for Paranatural! If you're not familiar with Patreon, it's basically a site where you can choose to donate a monthly pledge of your choosing to a creator whose work you like and want to support, and get cool stuff in return. Paranatural will always be a free webcomic, so don't worry! But if you're able and willing, backing my Patreon is a great way to help me make this comic and make it better, and to give me the flexibility to make new, great things. A little goes a long way, and would mean a lot. Please take a moment to check out the Patreon page, watch the video, check out the rewards, and consider becoming a Paranatural patron! I'm excited to see some of you in the patron streams and to share sneak peaks at the side projects you'll be helping me create!
Anyways, that's all. I hope you enjoyed this page! I'm suuuuper excited about the rest of the chapter and I hope you are too. Thanks everybody!
(P.S. As soon as I finish writing this blurb and stretch a little, I'm gonna go back and modify page 1 of this chapter so Max is in shorts instead of jeans. I promise that was just an oversight on my part and we haven't entered some alt-universe conspiracy :)
WARSAW — Polish officials are bragging: On President Trump's way to the Group of 20 summits this week, they are coming to Poland first, choosing it over more powerful American allies like Germany, France or Britain.
“We have a new success, Trump's visit,” Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the head of the governing party and Poland's true power broker, said in a speech last week. Mr. Trump's visit, they said, is causing other European countries to “envy” Poland.
That remains to be seen. Mr. Trump's last visit to Europe in May unnerved American allies, causing some leaders to rethink the United States' relationship with the Continent. Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany has already said that they expect difficult talks with Mr. Trump when they arrive in Hamburg on Friday for the G-20 economic summit meeting.
For Mr. Trump, the stop in Poland on Thursday is something of an appetizer before the main course, a visit to a friendly right-wing, populist government with a kindred approach on any number of key issues, from immigration to global warming and coal mining.
Seven News chopper vision of restaurant and wedding venue collapse. Courtesy: Seven News.
AN elderly woman had to run for their life after a popular waterfront restaurant partially collapsed into Lake Macquarie Monday morning when part of the marina gave way.
The 78-year-old was at home in an apartment at Pelican marina in NSW's Hunter Region when the development started to give way. The two-storey building also housed the seafood restaurant Milano's on the Lake and some offices.
According to The Daily Telegraph, the woman had moments to exit the building.
Emergency services were called to the scene at 9.50am.
A NSW Fire and Rescue spokesperson told news.com.au that part of the pier had collapsed and a portion of the building had gone into the water.
“There were two occupants in the building at the time and they felt some movement so they obviously evacuated quite quickly,” they said.
A spokesperson for the lands division of the Department of Primary Industries told news.com.au that the agency had taken over management of the site in November.
It was previously being managed by Elidock Pty Ltd.
After the department took over, the spokesperson said site inspections were done which identified some maintenance issues. The department has since replaced decks, handrails and performed electrical works.
“But there was no indication this would happen,” the spokesperson said of the marina collapse.
“There was no forewarning, we are trying to determine what happened.”
But Elidock Pty Ltd, which is now under external administration, told the Newcastle Herald in 2012, that delays to dredging Swansea Channel had left it blocked and this had changed the water flow.
They reportedly believed that the problem had eroded pylons at Pelican Marina.
The marina had lost two berths and another two berths were on the brink of collapsing, it said at the time.
The state government's dredging was criticised at the time for being too small, and blamed for the collapse of the Belmont Airport seawall as well as the marina berths. In 2014, a major $2.5 million dredging operation was announced for the channel.
Frank Downing, chairperson of the Hunter Region Committee of the Boat Owners Association, told news.com.au that it was too difficult at this stage to connect the dredging with the marina collapse.
“Trying to establish a link to the dredging or failure to dredge, and the erosion of that bank, is drawing a long bow,” they said.
They said the marina was severely affected by a storm in 2007 and one in April last year. Flooding had increased the water in the lake and therefore how fast the water flowed and where sand was deposited.
The department is currently undertaking a sediment study to work out where sand is disappearing to, “which has always been a mystery”.
The marina will be closed until the department can assess the cause of the collapse.
In addition to the restaurant, the spokesperson said there were three other tenants at the wharf who were renting out office space.
Authorities have set up an exclusion zone around the restaurant, have secured gas and energy and placed floating booms in the water to ensure any pollutants don't spread further into the waterway.
NSW Police is asking for sightseeing boats to remain clear of the incident site, as the wake is creating issues for emergency services.
In a Facebook post the restaurant said: “Everyone is ok, just here with emergency services now”.
Even the Soviet Union using rationing tokens of some kind to mediate the exchange of scarce items, and was totally unable to prevent a thriving black market in consumer goods, just as most countries today are totally unable to prevent the black market in recreational drugs.
There are art movements that encourage people to make and share art through participation not publication or promotion (eg see Hakim Bey's writing on ‘immediatism'), and political movements like the situationists (and certain flavours of anarchists) who believe that in the ideal society art (and everything) would be shared free of charge. However, in all the cases I'm aware of, they see this as coming about through the majority of people voluntarily changing the social agreements about how art and exchange work, rather than any kind of ban being imposed on currency, markets, and trade.
Crosbie Fitch said 849 days ago :
It's really the other way around.
Society is naturally at liberty to share cultural and technological knowledge, and to exchange labour for whatever the market will bear, e.g. to write a song for money.
So it is not society that makes the rules against this natural order, but government, and it does so with the pretence that it is by the will of the people, or by their consent, that the people surrender their liberty to share and build upon their own culture, that the state and its corporations may profit from the consequent monopoly rents they can exact (selling people that which they were born with, their liberty, back to them piecemeal – qv ‘license').
It is copyright and patent that are ‘black'. Thus a market that ignores or lacks such state monopolies is a free market, not a black market.
Knights of the Drowned Table
We are coming up on two months of work on our latest game. Up until now, this was a game without a name. However, this is no longer the case! By allowing our fans to voice their opinions, we have finally decided on the name for our game – “Knights of the Drowned Table.” We received over 150 votes and ideas in our poll. As you can see by the results, this was a very close poll, but in the end we mixed the best our development team's ideas with the best of the community's ideas. It is a win-win for everyone! We ended up choosing a name outside of the poll that was submitted by a community member. Based on the theme and setting of our game and the results of our poll, we found that Knights of the Drowned Table was similar to our development team's names, a clever play on words, as well as an intriguing and interesting name. We'd like to extend a special thank you to Reddit user /u/TreFoilHat for submitting the Knights of the Drowned Table!
Disaster
One of the core elements we want to be present in each level of the game is humor. I have been negotiating with a YouTube celebrity with the hopes of having their voice act our script for the upcoming level of our game. The celebrity was a perfect fit for what we had written in our script and I was very optimistic that we would be able to work out a deal. Unfortunately, I learned this week that we could not meet on a price. The entire team was looking forward to working with this person, and now we have to start back at square one. Although it is a minor setback, it is the first failure we've experienced thus far as group, and I believe it will help us grow and learn to adapt. On that note, if any of our fans is interested in providing voice acting for Knights of The Drowned Table, please do not hesitate to contact me!
Deadlines
From the very beginning of this project, I have been a stickler for setting and meeting deadlines. It is very important to me that we are on schedule with all of our tasks. Luckily, I am surrounded by passionate team members who meet and exceed my expectations. At the beginning of September, we set out to have a playable version of our desert level Drunken' Dunes completed by the end of the month. The Art and Design team has been hard at work creating an entire world from the ground up. Currently, we have over 90% of the scene complete and on track to meeting our first deadline. We will be providing live playable demos of this level during the October 20th-22nd DreamHack Denver event . We will be posting more information about this event in the coming weeks!
Drunken' Dunes
Drunken' Dunes is the second level in Knights of the Drowned Table. It is a tale that describes the narrators haphazard adventure throughout an arid desert. The narrator describes their journey as up to three players relive the story through their own eyes. As players encounter certain events and areas, the narrator will describe the situation by continuing with their story. We are nearing completion and putting together the final touches this week.
Drunken' Dunes differs from our first level in many ways. Unlike the Snow scene, 95% of the artwork is created exclusively by our art team. In order to defeat the boss, the players are required to complete the objectives. The level is not linear, and allows the players to tackle the objectives in any order they wish. It also features new effects, 3 new fully animated enemies, a new fully animated boss encounter, a detailed hand-crafted environment, and a slew of new structures, props, scenery, and more. We are very excited to finish this level and show it to our fans at all of our upcoming events. An early build of the level can be seen in the following video:
To-Do
Although we are nearly done with the initial build of Drunken Dunes, there is still some work to be done. We are aiming to knock this list out by the end of the week.
Sound Effects: The entire scene is missing audio. We are working this week on adding environmental sounds, enemy sounds, and more!
Scripted Events: In order to complete the level, the players are required to complete multiple objectives. Some of these objectives require scripted events such as an ambush. I am implementing these events over the next few days.
Voice Acting: While we recently learned that we will not have our desired voice actor, that does not remove the need for a narrator. We will be recording the script this week and adding into the game.
Optimization: There are certain areas which we are losing performance. I am hard at work optimizing each level to ensure a smooth experience
Testing: Testing cannot be overlooked. Although we play test frequently and often, you can never do enough test.
Polish: Add additional polish to the level, and ensure everything looks presentable.
Coming Up
Our progress has been nothing shy of amazing, and I do not see anyone taking their foot off of the gas pedal yet. We've started discussing the design of our next level, and will start building the Level Design Document during our weekly meeting. Keep an eye out for new posts on the RillyBoss Studios blog to learn more.
Much love,
Billy
Are the Chinese really that shallow when it comes to love? Well, decide for yourself. On Weibo, China's biggest microblogging platform, a heated discussion is ongoing over an age-old question: which is more important, face or figure?
It all started with a Weibo post by a young photographer @不知深潜 on July 31 in which they sought advice on whether or not they should go after a girl who is “pretty but too fat”.
In the post, @不知深潜 recounted their encounter with a shop assistant who sells popcorn at a cinema in Sanlitun, Beijing. “I felt like I was struck by lightning when I saw their face in my camera,” the smitten @不知深潜 wrote in their post, “... but I was shocked when they turned around to get my drink for me!”
It was the size of the girl that “shocked” the young man. Photo: weibo.com
They then wrote, “I went there again this morning (three days after their first encounter) but didn't find them I cannot stop thinking about them The only problem is that they are fat. But I suppose that's not a big deal. We could lose weight together.”
At the end of their long post, they asked for help from the “experienced” Weibo users, “Should I or should I not go after her?”
However, they might not have expected the tide of ridicules coming their way labeling them “shallow” and “not-worthy” of the beautiful girl with only a few voices of support which were almost inundated by the sarcastic comments.
@不知深潜 retorted on August 1 to say that they are just a “post-90s boy who likes beautiful girls and is conscious about saving face”. “You laugh at me now, but would you not hesitate at all if the girl you like weighed 100 kilograms? ... I just want my girlfriend to have a normal figure. Is that too much to ask?” they questioned.
The Weibo account of the said girl @frankjia520 was later revealed, but they remained silent throughout. The girl's photos on their Weibo account subsequently went viral together with their not-so-secret admirer, creating an even bigger “face versus figure” debate, especially after the posts caught the attention of many Chinese media's official Weibo on August 7, including that of the Global Times, a daily Chinese newspaper run by the People's Daily.
A photo of @frankjia520 that went viral but has since been deleted from their Weibo. Photo: weibo.com
Many Weibo users, women included agreed that the girl is beautiful but fat. “Her face and their body are out of proportion,” said many in their comments. Some women concluded that the girl has “a winning combination of a face that is both small and pretty” which they think “is certain to attract men”.
As to whether the boy should go after the girl, opinion is divided. Women are generally against it, mostly out of indignation, as summed up by @我叫小小小丹丹, “Men are just like this: they want both the face and the figure.”
Men, however, seem to be unanimously supportive of the boy's quest. “Hurry up and do it,” they encouraged, “If they lost weight, you would stand no chance.”
All this was a bit too familiar as similar stories have made rounds on China's social media before. The difference is those stories all featured foreigners with entirely different plots.
Last December, the story of an American girl named Deemi went viral in China. Deemi, who is heavily overweight, posted photos of them and their handsome boyfriend Andrew on the Internet with the aim to teach people to believe in love.
Deemi and their boyfriend. Photo: best-news.us; tumblr.com
“It's not love, beauty nor life that discriminates. It's us,” they wrote in one of their Tumblr posts, “We're all human beings, some prettier, some more successful but a heart is a heart, a body is a body and a person is a person... I LOVE MYSELF.”
Deemi was dubbed “American sister inspirational” by the Chinese media who translated and ran their story. Videos related to them are still popular on many Chinese video-sharing sites.
More recently, in June 2013, Gloria Shuri Nava, another overweight girl from the US shared on the Internet their story with their boyfriend Ali who, in their words, has “a fit, muscular body”.
Gloria said in their article on yahoo.com that “there is no one ‘normal' way to look or love. Beauty and relationships come in all shapes and sides... and one partner doesn't have to mirror the other. Love is love.”
Gloria and their boyfriend Ali. Photo: yahoo.com
This sentiment and thought, though admired by the Chinese, seem to not have been shared by them, as only a small number of the Weibo users even mentioned the word “love” in the comments they left. Just a few people expressed ideas such as “it is the good heart of a person that really matters, not the looks.”
The majority of the people who took part in the Weibo discussion are simply engrossed by the idea of a boy courting a girl with a build that is deemed neither beautiful nor “marriageable”. Some even “kindly” warned the boy that the "undesirable physique" will probably be passed on to the next generation.
Buy Photo Andrew Goodman smiles after a teammate completes an attempt in the long jump at the Jack Christiansen Invitational in Fort Collins on Saturday. (Photo: Eliott Foust/For the Coloradoan)Buy Photo
"Andrew, what do you want for dinner?"
"I'm not going to be at dinner tonight, Mom. I'm going on a date."
"With whom?"
"Michael."
"Are you trying to tell me something?"
Andrew Goodman almost feels guilty about the way they told their parents they were gay.
Standing in their family's Colorado Springs home, there was no hesitation as a boy's named rolled off their tongue. It was spoken with the same nonchalant confidence they exude on race day, starring as one of the top distance runners for CSU in track and cross-country.
Their Catholic parents weren't asked to brace themselves for big news. They just said "Michael" and assumed they'd accept it the same way they would have accepted "Michelle."
They did.
Goodman didn't want the moment they revealed their sexual orientation to their family last year to be any sort of ordeal. They see themselves as a casual guy who prefers to keep the mood light in any situation, which probably comes off as ironic, given the medium they used to come out as the first openly gay athlete in Colorado State University history on April 13 was a 2,500-word feature on OutSports.com.
It was a grand stage to do it on, and Goodman was at first hesitant after initially connecting with the author, Erik Hall, through a dating app. But the more they considered putting their story on the Internet, the more they realized the value it could have. Not for him. Their teammates, their friends, their family already knew they were gay — they were past the point of caring how other people viewed him. But to anyone struggling with the idea of being true to who they are.
The positive response Goodman has received in the past two weeks has been overwhelming, they said, filling their inbox with more than 50 emails to go with a barrage of Twitter and Facebook messages and a handful of voice mails. Most of the responses, including from a college swimmer and a couple of runners, identified with their story and thanked them for having to courage to speak up, potentially prompting them to soon do the same.
"It was definitely a big surprise. A lot of support from outside sources that you just don't even expect. People contacted me via email that I obviously had never met before, which was really reassuring," Goodman said. "At some point, you're doing it for a bigger purpose — not just for yourself — so that other people are more comfortable with it and ... it's not as much of a weird taboo thing in society."
Then came the negative responses — the ignorant responses — using hashtags #BeTrueToSatan and #Death-ToRainbows or, as a Facebook user suggested, "what homosexual isn't running to the news to come out?"
While the stigma surrounding homosexuality in the United States is beginning to subside, the world of athletics — especially among males — trails far behind when it comes to equality. Goodman chalks that up to what they call the gender spectrum, dividing masculine from feminine. It tends to put male athletes in a box where they have to be tough guys, because that's just the way jocks are.
But Goodman isn't like that. He's a fast talker with a high voice who their mother calls their most effeminate child, yet he's a star athlete, a Mountain West champion, an all-conference selection, an NCAA national qualifier.
Why was it necessary for them to make a public announcement about their sexuality?
Because Goodman doesn't fit the mold that so much of society has told them to. The fact that a CSU student-athlete happens to be gay shouldn't be newsworthy. Nor should Michael Sam, Jason Collins, Brittney Griner or Derrick Gordon, but it is — for now.
Hopefully, not for much longer.
The Can Play Project that's been adopted by the NHL, MLS, CSU, the University of Notre Dame — an icon of American Catholicism — and at least 57 other colleges in the U.S. and Canada is a step toward universal inclusion.
More promising is how virtually every member of Goodman's track and cross-country teams knew they were gay and yet it didn't leak beyond locker room. The same went for Sam at the University of Missouri. College athletes aren't fazed by who their teammates are dating.
No one else should be, either, but plenty are. The public judgment that reigned over Goodman's announcement was less severe, being that he's an athlete in an LGBT-friendly state, but keep in mind they aren't using the media as a platform for attention; the CSU runner shared their story to let thousands of gay athletes know it's OK to be proud of who they are.
"(Coming out) was part of breaking down the stigmatism and showing that Iam OK with myself and other people should be, too, and that it's not taboo. I think that's the biggest thing, helping to normalize it, and if people are saying things like (what's the big deal?), maybe it is becoming more normal," Goodman said. "If it's getting to the point that it's annoying that so many people are doing it, then maybe you're getting the point that it is OK."
For insight and analysis on athletics around Northern Colorado and the Mountain West, follow sports columnist Matt L. Stephens at twitter.com/mattstephens and facebook.com/stephensreporting.
Congressional Republicans knew their push for an immediate repeal of the Affordable Care Act would draw howls of protest from Democrats. But they are now hearing warnings from elected officials who may be harder for them to ignore: Republican governors.
In the last week, GOP Governors John Kasich of Ohio and Rick Snyder of Michigan have raised concerns about the impact a full repeal of the health law would have on their states, which rely on billions of dollars in additional federal funding to cover an expansion of Medicaid they carried out as part of Obamacare. Kasich in particular questioned the plans by Republican leaders in Congress to scrap the law without immediately replacing it.
“It's a serious matter,” Kasich told reporters in Ohio last week. “Our hospitals needed Medicaid expansion. It has worked very well in this state.” The former GOP presidential candidate noted that about 700,000 Ohioans had secured coverage under the law, many of whom, they said, have serious health problems. “There's room for improvement, but to repeal and not to replace, I just want to know what's going to happen to all these people who find themselves left out in the cold,” Kasich said.
Snyder similarly touted Michigan's embrace of the Medicaid expansion, which has covered 642,000 people in the state, as well as other elements of the ACA that the state has incorporated. “I think it's important that as they look at the Affordable Care Act ... I hope they carefully look at the success we've had in Michigan, because we didn't just do Medicaid expansion,” Snyder told The Detroit News.
The governors' comments underscore a dynamic that has long been obscured by the polarizing debate over the Affordable Care Act in Washington. While opposition to the law is nearly unanimous among Republicans in Congress, the politics of health care are far more complicated in the states. After the Supreme Court ruled that states can opt out of the Medicaid expansion once mandated by Obamacare, some GOP-led states chose to expand the program while others did not. And in states that did participate, their Republican governors have sought to take credit for its success in reducing the ranks of the uninsured. “There has also been a huge drop in the number of people showing up at hospitals without insurance, which is a positive trend that has saved millions of dollars in Michigan's health-care system,” Snyder said in a statement. “The program has been a great success and a model for other states to follow.”
Make your inbox more interesting. Each weekday evening, get an overview of the day's biggest news, along with fascinating ideas, images, and people. Email Address (required) Sign Up Thanks for signing up! {{#user.created}}Please check your email to confirm your subscription.{{/user.created}} {{^user.created}}Your newsletter subscription preferences have been updated.{{/user.created}} An unknown error occurred.
Under the terms of Obamacare, the federal government covered the full cost of expanding Medicaid for three years through 2016, and while states must now begin to chip in, they will still rely on Congress for the bulk of funding going forward. “It's highly unlikely” that states like Michigan and Ohio will be able to cover their newly insured residents if the Affordable Care Act is repealed, said Edwin Park, vice president for health policy at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Ohio and Michigan would stand to lose a combined $86 billion in federal funds under repeal, according to an analysis released last month by the Urban Institute.
“To repeal and not to replace, I just want to know what's going to happen to all these people who find themselves left out in the cold.”
While Kasich and Snyder are the first GOP governors to speak out, others could follow. Because of the party's success in state-level elections during the Obama era, there are Republican governors in two-thirds of the states, including more than a dozen that expanded Medicaid. Unlike Kasich and Snyder, some GOP governors, like Asa Hutchinson in Arkansas, inherited Medicaid expansions that were initiated by a Democratic predecessor. Hutchinson has made clear that they opposed Obamacare, and he's pushing the incoming Trump administration to allow Arkansas to tighten eligibility rules for Medicaid. “We have to work with what we have right now,”said their spokesperson, J.R. Davis. As for what Congress might do, Hutchinson is in wait-and-see mode. “You don't want to overreact,” Davis said.
Will Republican governors have any influence over their GOP colleagues in Washington? “On the margins, a little bit,” predicted Doug Heye, a party strategist who served as a top aide to former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor. Governors tend to make their voices heard in one-on-one conversations with members of their state delegations. So Kasich would likely try to lobby Senator Rob Portman or Representative Pat Tiberi, a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee. (The governor might have had more success a couple years ago, when Ohio's own John Boehner was still speaker.) And Snyder would have to lean on Representative Fred Upton, who until last month served as chairperson of the Energy and Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction over Medicaid.
It's rarer for a governor to be able to sway Congress as a whole. One example, however, came in early 2013, when New Jersey's Chris Christie publicly shamed then-Speaker Boehner after they abruptly scrapped a vote on legislation providing aid for Hurricane Sandy recovery just before Congress adjourned. Members of the state's House delegation then threatened to withhold their support for Boehner as speaker unless Boehner promised to reschedule the vote. The bill passed, and New Jersey got its money.
Kasich, who served in the House for 18 years until 2001, now has a national profile as a result of their presidential run. But they better hope their relationship with Congress is better than their one with Trump; the president-elect on Friday succeeded in ousting Kasich's ally, Matt Borges, as chairperson of the Ohio Republican Party. Working in the governors' favor, however, is the fact that Trump would not have won the presidency without their victories in Ohio and Michigan—both states that voted for President Obama in 2012.
House GOP leaders formally sought input on health-care reform from governors and state insurance commissioners in a letter in late November. The Senate Finance Committee sent a similar letter to Republican governors, and Kasich will participate in a roundtable the panel is holding on the future of Medicaid next week. Eliminating the program's expansion under Obamacare is only part of the changes that Republican leaders envision for Medicaid. Speaker Paul Ryan and Trump's nominee for health secretary, Tom Price, have called for turning it into a block grant for the states. But that reform is likely to be far more politically controversial than repealing the Affordable Care Act.
States would not immediately lose Medicaid funding under the GOP's “repeal and delay” strategy, which calls for Obamacare to stay on the books for as long as four years while Republicans try to pass and implement a replacement. But neither congressional leaders nor the Trump transition are offering any firm commitments to the governors. “President-elect Trump is committed to working with a wide range of stakeholders, including governors, to ensure that all Americans have access to stable and predictable health plan choices,” Trump spokesperson Philip Blando said in a statement. Jennifer Sherman, a spokesperson for Republicans on the Energy and Commerce Committee, said: “We support making Medicaid sustainable, prioritizing the most vulnerable, and empowering states with flexibility to create solutions for their populations.”
The Republican governors are just the latest headache for GOP leaders who are looking to make repeal of Obamacare one of the first bills that Trump signs as president. An increasing number of party lawmakers have raised concerns about voting on repeal before a replacement is ready. At least four Republicans in the Senate have signaled their unease with the strategy (to varying degrees), and the party can afford only two defections if it hopes to undo the law with a simple majority. One of those is Senator Rand Paul, whose home state of Kentucky expanded Medicaid and saw a large reduction in the number of people without insurance.
Another Republican-led state that expanded Medicaid was Indiana. Its governor at the time was Mike Pence, the man who on January 20 will be sworn in as vice president.
The first thing Braxton Burmeister learned about being a starting quarterback was to speak up.
Oregon was called for a false start on each of its first two plays when the linemen struggled to hear the first-year student quarterback.
�Sometimes you take those lumps with young guys being in there,� Oregon coach Willie Taggart said after No. 11 Washington State spoiled Burmeister�s starting debut with a 33-10 win over Oregon on Saturday night at Autzen Stadium.
Burmeister was looking at a first-and-20 before they had run a play.
�Once it started being an issue, after the second play, we told them they needed to be louder and after that they were loud enough for us to hear him,� Oregon center Jake Hanson said.
What was built up during the week as a quarterback competition between Burmeister and Taylor Alie to replace injured Justin Herbert never materialized because Alie was ruled out Friday because of an undisclosed injury suffered last week in a 45-24 win over California.
Burmeister, who was on schedule to redshirt until both Herbert and Alie were injured against the Bears, went 15-for-27 for 145 yards and a touchdown against the Cougars. They threw two interceptions in the fourth quarter.
�Braxton did some good things and some bad things,� Taggart said. �He did some things most freshmen do. I think this is a game they can learn a lot from. They got their first game out of the way and I think he�ll be better as we move forward. They need a lot more help around them to continue to progress.�
Burmeister completed 6-of-7 passes in the first quarter, including a 30-yard touchdown pass to Jacob Breeland that put Oregon ahead 10-7. Oregon had 113 yards in that quarter before totaling 164 while going scoreless during the final three quarters. Burmeister threw for 99 yards during that span.
�I thought they handled it pretty well,� Breeland said. �He was confident, not nervous. There were a couple issues we had when they wasn�t loud enough, but other than that, they did a great job.�
With inexperienced receivers around Burmeister, guard Shane Lemieux said the veterans on the offensive line needed to do more to back up their quarterback.
�I thought they did a great job coming in as a true first-year student,� Lemieux said. �We�ve got to put a lot of pressure on the offensive line to step up. With the cadence and everything, we need to help out a little bit.�
With injured senior Charles Nelson missing their third consecutive game and sophomore Dillon Mitchell out with a concussion, the Ducks were without their top two receivers.
Sophomore Brenden Schooler led the Ducks with five catches for 61 yards, including a 39-yarder in the fourth quarter. That was the only completion longer than 14 yards to a wide receiver.
�We�ve got to do a good job as coaches making sure those guys are sharp on their assignments and what they are supposed to do especially with a young quarterback,� Taggart said. �We have to make sure guys know exactly what they�re doing in order to help them. We had some mistakes like that tonight, especially with our young receivers. They�ll get better.�
All three wide receivers who had a catch for the Ducks are in their first season at the position. Schooler is a converted safety, and Taj Griffin � who had five catches for 29 yards � played running back last year. True first-year student Johnny Johnson III had three catches for 17 yards.
�Braxton handled it well for a young guy coming in to play against a ranked team,� Griffin said. �Things will get better, but as a whole they stepped up to the plate.�
Taggart said they told the team in the locker room to keep believing in Burmeister with Herbert likely to miss at least another month with a fractured collarbone.
�He�ll go watch film and learn from it,� Taggart said.
Taggart said it was too soon to determine if Burmeister earned the starting job next week at Stanford or if Alie could challenge them for the job when healthy.
�We�ll evaluate the film and see where we go from there,� Taggart said. �Braxton is going to be better and we are going to go with the guy we have.�
Alberta Health Services hopes to get a handle on a whooping cough outbreak in southern Alberta before school starts next month. It's offering free booster clinics for kids ages 10 through 12 in its south zone until Aug. 31.
As of last Thursday, 305 cases of whooping cough have been reported in the area south of Calgary, which includes Medicine Hat and Lethbridge, and 257 of those cases have been linked to the current outbreak.
The disease can be life-threatening to babies under the age of one, and it can manifest in older children and adults as a nagging cough that persists for weeks.
Unvaccinated pockets lead to outbreaks
The south zone has more reported cases of pertussis than all the other AHS zones combined. There were 35 cases in the Calgary zone, 73 in the Edmonton zone, 131 in the central zone, and 44 in the north zone.
The south zone covers communities south of Calgary, including Pincher Creek, Lethbridge and Medicine Hat. (Alberta Health Services)
Medical health officer Dr. Karin Goodison told the Calgary Eyeopener that the south zone is more susceptible to vaccine-preventable outbreaks because of concentrated lower immunization rates there.
"What's unique about the south zone is the way it's distributed," Goodison said.
"Normally, if you have 80 per cent of the population immunized, everybody would be mixed equally together. In the south zone, we have these groups of people that are choosing not to be immunized that sit in pockets, and that makes that group more susceptible."
Goodison said most of the people affected are in the school-age population, and AHS is offering these free booster clinics to help stem the spread once kids go back to school.
Immunization clinics will be offered until Aug. 31. Appointments are required.
With files from the Calgary Eyeopener
Anthony Glover, right, and Marcus Glover, center, sons of Carol Glover, who died in a recent Metro incident, hold a press conference with attorney Patrick Regan, left, to announce the filing of a lawsuit against WMATA. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
The sons of Carol I. Glover, the Alexandria woman who died this month after being trapped on a smoke-filled Metro train, filed a $50 million lawsuit against the transit agency Friday, saying they hope that no other passenger will have to suffer the same fate as their mother.
“We want to make sure that something like this never happens again,” said Marcus Glover. “Though we are devastated, we are not bitter. We're here for justice so that everyone who rides the Metro has the confidence they can get where they're going safely.”
Flanked by attorney Patrick Regan, Marcus and their older brother, Anthony R. Glover II, said that nothing they do will bring their mother back but that if their legacy can be a system that is safer for all riders, it would offer them some comfort.
Metro spokesperson Dan Stessel declined to address the suit in detail: “Unfortunately, we are unable to comment on active or pending litigation matters.”
Glover, 61, was on their way home from work Jan. 12 when the Yellow Line train they and hundreds of others were aboard encountered heavy smoke in the tunnel just outside of the L'Enfant Plaza station and stopped. Minutes later, passengers said, the train's cars began to fill with smoke. It took more than 35 minutes for emergency personnel to begin evacuating passengers from the stuck train, an effort that may have been hampered by difficulties with radio communications.
Carol Glover (Courtesy of the Glover family )
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the incident. In a preliminary report, it said an “electrical arcing incident” caused smoke to fill the tunnel. Members of the D.C.-area congressional delegation said they were told that intake fans on the train were not shut down and may have worsened the situation by pulling smoke into the cars. Last week, Metro officials announced a series of interim steps to improve safety on the rail system, including allowing train operators to shut down the fans should a car encounter smoke.
“All of us are at risk when Metro doesn't follow simple safety rules,” Regan said. “Everything went wrong, and it cost these two gentlemen their mother.”
Glover, a D.C. native, was the first Metrorail passenger to be killed in a Metro incident since the 2009 Red Line crash near Fort Totten. Nine people, including the train operator, were killed and scores injured.
Passengers aboard the Jan. 12 Yellow Line train described a chaotic scene, with the operator running from the front to the back of the train in an attempt to move it back to the station.
Jonathan Rogers, who was riding in the same car as Glover, said they and others struggled to revive them after they began having difficulty breathing and fell to the floor. They and another man gave Glover CPR for more than 20 minutes. At one point, they said, another passenger scooped them up in their arms and carried them to the back of the train in the hope of finding help.
“As a direct and proximate result of Defendant WMATA's negligence,” the 10-page lawsuit alleges, “Ms. Glover was trapped, helpless, in Train 302 for nearly forty-five minutes as it filled with smoke; during this time they fought, ever more agonizingly, to breathe as the smoke gradually sapped the life from their body.”
When emergency personnel arrived, they tried to revive Glover, but they were later declared dead. According to the D.C. chief medical examiner's office, Glover died of acute respiratory failure due to smoke exposure. The manner of their death was accidental.
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Probe continues into smoke-filled Metro train View Photos Federal investigators briefed members of Congress on factors that might have contributed to the incident. Five Metro lines were delayed after smoke filled a Metro train and shut down the L'Enfant Plaza station. Lawmakers said a number of questions remain unanswered. Caption One person died in the January 2015 Metro incident in a tunnel outside the L'Enfant Plaza Metro station after scores of riders were trapped aboard a train as it filled with smoke. Jan. 12, 2015 Passengers react Monday afternoon as smoke fills a Metro train in a tunnel outside L'Enfant Plaza Metro station. Saleh Damiger Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
At a memorial service this month, Glover was remembered for their vibrant personality and wide, infectious smile. Friends said they were the ultimate sports mom cheerleader for their sons. On the day they died, they were on their way from a U.S. Department of Agriculture site near the waterfront, where they had been working as a contractor.
The incident at L'Enfant Plaza has raised fresh doubts about Metro's safety and maintenance procedures. The suit identifies 11 areas where it says Metro officials failed its customers.
Members of the region's congressional delegation, who were briefed last week about the incident, said they were concerned that more than a decade after Sept. 11, 2001, the region's emergency responders are still struggling to coordinate a unified response to an emergency situation that involves multiple agencies.
Two early reports, one from the office of D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) and one from the District's emergency management agency, identified breakdowns in radio communication between Metro and D.C. Fire and EMS. For instance, D.C. Fire officials did not learn that there was a train full of passengers in the tunnel until they arrived at L'Enfant Plaza.
Adding to the chaos, firefighters said they had to resort to cellphones and a chain of runners to relay information to the surface during the crisis because Metro's radio systems were not working. Metro officials blamed officials of D.C. Fire for failing to inform them that they had changed how their radio signals operate.
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said they would call for hearings on the matter.
Similar hearings were held after the 2009 Red Line crash.
At least two other suits have been filed against Metro in connection with the Yellow Line incident, and many more are expected.
.- In the wake of momentous losses for U.S. Democrats on Tuesday, one group said the party's abortion stance may be isolating voters and hindering candidates on both sides of the issue.
“It was a rough election cycle for pro-life Democrats, largely due to our own party position on abortion,” Democrats for Life executive director Kristen Day told CNA.
“In pro-life states and districts, Democrats, and particularly pro-life women, have a hard time pulling the lever for a candidate who is associated with a Party that not only supports abortion but actively campaigns against providing any reasonable restrictions on a ‘medical procedure' that takes a life,” Day explained in a press release.
Noting that 21 million Democrats identify as pro-life, Day said that the party's inflexible stance on the issue is too extreme for most members of the party.
“A large majority of Democrats support reasonable restrictions on abortion. We are alienating a whole new generation of pro-life Democrats.”
Democrats were trounced at the polls on Tuesday as Republicans took control of the U.S. Senate, expanded their control of the House, and won the governor's mansion in deep blue states like Maryland, Illinois, and Massachusetts. Of the eight Democratic candidates endorsed by Democrats for Life, only two won their elections, both incumbent members of congress.
Day said that the Democratic Party's rigid emphasis on abortion hurt the party overall – both those who adhere to the party's platform and those who object to it.
In some cases, a singular focus on abortion came across as desperate to voters, they said, pointing to incumbent Democratic Sen. Mark Udall's loss in Colorado after attacking their opponent's pro-life stance so heavily that they earned the local nickname “Mark Uterus.”
“He made their whole campaign about abortion,” Day said of Udall.
Democratic Texas governor candidate Wendy Davis also made abortion a focal point of their run for office. They lost the election and failed to gain the women's vote in the state. Similarly, abortion activist Sandra Fluke, who gained public attention by advocating for employer-funded contraception, lost their bid for California state Senate by a 20-point margin.
Day also pointed to Maine, where the Democratic Congressional candidate Emily Cain “made abortion the foundation of their campaign” and “lost in a Democratic-leaning district that was in Democratic hands since 1995.”
However, Day suggested that the Democratic Party's “out of touch” platform on abortion harmed not only those candidates who agree with it, but hampered the efforts of pro-life Democrats as well.
In West Virginia, Democratic governor Earl Ray Tomblin – who has previously described themselves as “pro-life” – vetoed a Democratic-led effort to pass a late-term abortion ban.
Day thought this helped torpedo the re-election chances of House Rep. Nick Rahall, whom they had endorsed.
They said that Rahall lost in a “guilt by association” race, in which Republicans were able to make the argument that “you cannot trust pro-life Democrats in West Virginia.”
“That just provided everything the Republicans needed to attack pro-life Democrats and say this was their plan all along, they never wanted a 20-week ban,” Day explained.
Democrats must become a big-tent party on life issues to have any hope of re-taking the House and Senate, Day insisted.
“First of all, we need to change the platform,” they said. “We have to have a more inclusive platform and say pro-life Democrats are welcome.”
“At least we need to take steps to not carry NARAL's water anymore,” they added. “We are a big tent party that wants to help all those who need assistance, all the vulnerable. We need to help the hungry, help the disabled – our traditional values. And the unborn child is part of that. And that's what our party should be. And we're not doing a good job.”
“The position that the Democratic Party has on that issue is just not what the rest of the country thinks. It's the minority position and it's hurting our party tremendously,” they stressed.
Two Democratic incumbents with strong pro-life records did succeed in the Nov. 4 election. Dan Lipinski of Illinois and Collin Peterson of Minnesota were easily re-elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. Both had been endorsed by Democrats for Life and are known for supporting pro-life legislation.
Still, being a pro-life Democrat today is close to impossible, Day said, and the pro-life group National Right to Life agreed.
“The party strategists say you have to change your position and be pro-choice if you want to move up in the party. Tremendous pressure for that,” Day said.
“There were some Democrats who said ‘I am pro-life',” acknowledged National Right to Life president Carol Tobias, “but then they voted against pro-life measures. They were saying one thing and doing another.”
“But there's tremendous pressure on Democrats. They are expected to toe the party line and support abortion with no limits. And taxpayer funding of abortion,” they added.
Some parts of the country make you feel like Eyes on the Prize never went to commercial break. Some stories are so racist and over the top, you figure even Attorney General Jeff Sessions might give them a side eye.
That looks to be the case in Camilla, Ga., a town so segregated, the cemetery has a black and a white section. A town so segregated, 99 percent of the black children and 99 percent of the white children attend separate schools. A town so segregated, the City Council refused to give the newly elected black mayor keys to City Hall …. for two years.
Now Mayor Rufus Davis is boycotting their own City Council meetings until changes are made, and has hired civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump to bring the story of Camilla to a national audience.
“The problems in the city are obvious,” Davis, who was elected mayor of Camilla in 2015, told The Root. Davis, a University of Michigan- and Rutgers-educated lawyer with Wall Street and global experience, is passionate and eloquent on the phone, describing what drove them to run for mayor and what has led to their current boycott:
The city is 70 percent African American, but there are no black police officers. There are only three black employees out of about 35 in City Hall, and one of them is the janitor. The highest-ranking black man on the city payroll is a meter reader. About 99 percent of white students in the town attend a small private school that I believe has maybe three or four black students in athletics now.
Advertisement
Bennett Adams, who is white, is the outgoing city manager after serving for six years. They dispute most of Davis' claims, but according to Davis, Adams is part of the city's pattern of discrimination. Davis contends that after being elected just the second African-American mayor of Camilla, Adams began discriminating against them and the larger black community that got them elected:
The city manager said they would not provide me with keys to City Hall unless the City Council said so. Essentially, although they report to the council, they pretty much dictates to them, and they take direction from him. If I made a request for a paper clip, they would say I need a majority of the council's approval, and they would say no.
But the battle over Camilla isn't entirely a black-and-white issue. Black City Council members, clearly representing the sunken place, voted along with white council members to deny Davis keys to City Hall. They have also done little or nothing about the lack of black officers or the segregated schools or cemetery.
Advertisement
How does this happen? Although the city is 70 percent African American, Camilla's voting districts are drawn in a way that guarantees the white minority at least three seats on the six-seat City Council. According to Davis, those black council members who have been elected would be traded in the first round of the racial draft.
“Historically, black City Council members are hardly engaged,” Davis said. “They never make proposals, they never ask questions, they vote consistently with the white members. I looked at the minutes of our [black] City Council members over the last 10 years, and there has never been a situation where they said anything on a substantive issue, and that's just how far I went back.”
Inspired by Davis' ongoing battle with the City Council, black residents pushed for a recall election this year and managed to remove one black council member and elect Venterra Pollard, who has vowed to boycott the City Council along with Davis until changes are made. Annie Doris Willingham, the other black council member recalled, managed to disqualify their opponent at the last minute and keep their seat.
Advertisement
The final straw for Davis and Pollard is that outgoing City Manager Adams pushed through a new charter that would strip the mayor of all powers of appointment for city employees and hand those powers to the city manager. Not only would this reduce Camilla's mayor to a powerless figurehead, but it would also guarantee that management of the city would likely stay in white hands. (Camilla's City Council has summarily rejected all black applicants for the city-manager job.)
“If you have this kind of record of invidious discrimination ... if this kind of power was given, it would damage the community for years to come,” Davis said.
Consequently, they have hired Crump to bring the plight of Camilla to a national audience and highlight this fight.
Advertisement
“This is nothing more than the work of crafty individuals who are trying to turn back the clock of time to a deeply flawed period in our history,” Crump said in a press release. “I will use every legal resource available to assist Mayor Davis in desegregating Oakview Cemetery, and to ensure that all the residents of Camilla are treated with the dignity, equality and respect they deserve.”
Does it seem likely that Camilla will see any changes? Will the city's own black leadership finally address endemic discrimination or sit by the wayside? The Root reached out to Council Member Willingham by phone for an answer.
“You gon' have to ask the mayor,” they responded. “Cuz ain't nothing going on to me. It's FINE!”
Advertisement
And they hung up the phone.
Looks like Davis and Crump are in for a long fight.
This is a fascinating talk from David Kaiser on the the history of the counter-culture's involvement with the ‘new physics' during the 1970s:
MIT Professor David Kaiser describes the field of physic's bumpy transition from New Age to cutting edge. In recent years, the field of quantum information science has catapulted to the cutting edge of physics. Long before the big budgets and dedicated teams, however, the field smoldered on the scientific sidelines within the hazy, bong-filled excesses of the 1970s New Age movement. Many of the ideas that now occupy the core of quantum information science once found their home amid an anything-goes counterculture frenzy, a mishmash of spoon-bending psychics, Eastern mysticism, LSD trips, CIA spooks chasing mind-reading dreams, and comparable “Age of Aquarius” enthusiasts.
Kaiser's book How the Hippies Saved Physics is available from Amazon US and Amazon UK, sounds like it would be a great read and touch on many areas that we discuss here at TDG.
Today we are excited to announce the launch of the ‘Stratis Test ICO' which utilizes the Stratis ICO platform.
The Stratis ICO Platform is a secure, customizable platform for you to host your own ICO's on the Stratis Blockchain Network. It has been developed from the ground up in C# and .NET Framework and is easily deployed within Azure.
Security is paramount; therefore, the platform does not store any coins or private keys on the hosting infrastructure.
The Stratis Test ICO is a demonstration of the Stratis ICO Platform to showcase the technology and product we plan to deliver to market soon.
This instance of the Stratis ICO Platform will be available for two weeks and we welcome your support in testing the platform and provide any respective feedback.
Stratis Test ICO
The Stratis Test ICO Instance is now offline.
If you require some $TSTRAT to participate, it can be obtained from the Stratis Faucet.
Stratis Faucet
https://faucet.stratisplatform.com
Stratis Test ICO User Guide
https://stratisplatform.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Stratis-Test-ICO-User-Guide.pdf
The Times recently reported news that David Bowie's 25th studio LP, ‘Blackstar', will be released in January, saying it was possibly “oddest work yet from the 68-year-old singer” and suggesting it was a jazz record. Bowie's camp have moved to clarify (some of) what's going on. They've confirmed that there will be a new album, but they have some quibbles with the reports of what it will sound like, and the reported length (45 minutes, in seven tracks). So here's everything we actually know about ‘Blackstar', David Bowie's 25th album, so far.
1. It's definitely coming out on Bowie's 69th birthday
In the original report, it was suggested ‘Blackstar' would be released on January 8, 2016. This release date has now been confirmed by Bowie's people. Back in 2013, Bowie released ‘Where Are We Now', their first new single in a decade, on the same day.
2. The New single ‘Blackstar' will be out on November 20 – the same day Adele's album drops
Bowie's reps have also stated that the new single – the record's title track – will be released on November 20, which is the same day Adele's new album '25' comes out, and a date even big names like One Direction and Justin Bieber have avoided releasing music on.
3. Part of the same single will be the credits music for new Sky Atlantic show The Last Panthers
As Bowie's official site reports, the clip below features “a 47-second tease of ‘Blackstar', the first new music from David Bowie since last year's ‘Sue (Or In A Season Of Crime)'”. It's a melancholic, ghostly track, which doesn't fit at all with reports that Bowie has been recording at the Magic Shop studio in New York with local jazz musicians. As Bowie's people have put it, there may have been “inaccurate reporting on the sound and content of the album”.
4. Some of the weird reports about the album could be true
The Times had described the album as possibly Bowie's “oddest yet” and “completely bonkers”. German electro pioneers Kraftwerk were referenced as a point of comparison, along with jazz influences. These details have been shot down by Bowie's camp, but there's a precedent for denial in Bowie's 2013 album ‘The Next Day'.
After ‘The Next Day''s surprise announcement in January 2013 – which was accompanied by its rapturously received first single ‘Where Are We Now?' – producer Tony Visconti discussed how relieved they were that their non-disclosure agreement was no longer valid and they could finally talk about the project to their friends. “They'd go ‘it's Bowie'. And I'd go ‘no, really it isn't'”, they said. “I was a little uncomfortable with that, but it was the only way to do it.” That 2013 album was two years in the making, and Bowie may have intended for the utter secrecy that surrounded it to be upheld for ‘Blackstar' too.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
“We just denied everything”, says Visconti about ‘The Next Day'. It's probably safe to take the outright denials about the album's sound with a pinch of salt.
5. It could be made up of unused ‘The Next Day' material
In a 2013 interview, Noel Gallagher revealed that he'd heard that “there's another album in the pipeline,” because 29 tracks were recorded for Bowie's comeback album ‘The Next Day' and only 14 were used on the final thing. Another four were used on the deluxe edition, which leaves a further 11. Some of those might be reworked for ‘Blackstar'.
6. He's unlikely to tour it
It doesn't look likely that a tour will follow the album – two weeks ago it was reported that Bowie has allegedly “retired from touring”. And that's quite possible, because Bowie hasn't performed on stage since 2006.
7. If this is their oddest album yet, it must be pretty out there
The Times' report suggested it was potentially Bowie's oddest album yet. But Bowie has recorded a drum'n'bass-influenced album (1997's ‘Earthling'), an experimental, world music-tinged art-rock LP (‘Lodger') and a film soundtrack of dated, synthy weirdness (‘Labyrinth'). Bowie's created a career from delivering the unexpected – we can't wait to hear what it's like.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Boeing Co (BA.N) has been awarded a $2.1 billion contract to build 16 P-8A Poseidon long-range maritime spy planes for the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Defense Department announced on Tuesday.
The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Jim Young
Boeing, the Pentagon's No. 2 supplier, said the contract was worth $2.4 billion in total, including funds awarded earlier for materials that take longer to procure. The order was approved as part of the Navy's budget for fiscal 2014.
The deal marks the first full-rate production contract for Boeing for the new planes, and follows a decision by Australia last week to buy eight P-8A planes for A$4 billion ($3.6 billion).
The aircraft, based on Boeing's 737-800 commercial airplane, will replace the U.S. Navy's P-3 spy planes, which have been in service for more than 40 years.
The Navy uses the new P-8A planes for anti-submarine, anti-surface warfare and surveillance work. Overall, the Navy plans to purchase 117 P-8As to replace its P-3 fleet.
Navy P-8A program manager Captain Scott Dillon said the new contract would help ensure continued “cost-effective procurement” of the maritime spy planes.
Rick Heerdt, Boeing vice president and P-8 program manager, said the company delivered eight aircraft on or ahead of schedule in 2013. “We intend to keep that streak going in 2014,” they said.
The new order, to be completed by April 2017, will bring the number of aircraft ordered by the Navy to 53.
Boeing has delivered 13 P-8As to the Navy, which deployed its first patrol squadron to Kadena, Japan in December 2013 and has been conducting missions since then.
Boeing assembles the P-8A aircraft in the same facility where it builds all its 737 aircraft, modifying the planes while they are still in production, instead of taking a completed airliner and tearing it apart to make the military modifications.
Boeing officials say that strategy has helped them reduce the cost of the aircraft and keep the program on or ahead of schedule.
Other big contractors on the program include CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric (GE.N) and Snecma, a division of France's Safran (SAF.PA), Northrop Grumman Corp (NOC.N), Raytheon Co (RTN.N), Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (SPR.N), BAE Systems (BAES.L) and GE.
Media playback is not supported on this device Pro12 highlights: Ospreys 23-25 Munster
Pro 12: Ospreys v Munster Ospreys (20) 23 Tries: Dirksen, Fonotia Conv: Davies 2 Pens: Davies 2 Munster (18) 25 Tries: O'Donoghue, Saili, Kilcoyne Conv: Bleyendaal 2 Pens: Bleyendaal 2
Munster lifted themselves back to the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought win against the Ospreys in Swansea.
Prop Dave Kilcoyne powered over for a try in the 78th minute with Munster captain Tyler Bleyendaal kicking the winning conversion.
This victory ended a 13-match unbeaten run for the Ospreys which stretched back to November.
Wales outside-half Sam Davies kicked 13 points with Ospreys tries from Hanno Dirksen and Kieron Fonotia.
Leinster had moved top on Friday with victory over Edinburgh but drop to second following Munster's win, with the Ospreys remaining third.
Ospreys had seven Wales squad members released, including outside-half Davies, while teenage wing Keelan Giles returned after a hamstring injury.
Ireland internationals Ian Keatley, Billy Holland and John Ryan bolstered Munster, who had defeated Ospreys 33-0 in Cork in November.
Captain Tyler Bleyendaal opened the scoring for Munster with a penalty before a superb opening try from wing Hanno Dirksen following impressive build-up work from back-rowers Sam Underhill and James King.
New Zealand centre Kieron Fonotia side-stepped their way to the try line before their midfield partner Ashley Beck had a try disallowed because of a forward pass.
Davies and Bleyendaal exchanged penalties before Munster scored through number eight Jack O'Donoghue from a well-worked lineout move while centre Francis Saili wriggled over the Ospreys line.
Bleyendaal kicked the extras as the Ospreys led by just two points at the interval in a first-half they dominated.
A dramatic second half
Ospreys fly-half Sam Davies came on as a replacement during Wales' Six Nations win over Italy on 5 February
In the second half, Beck had another try disallowed in the right-hand corner following the decision which was referred to Italian television match official Stefano Penne, with no action taken against a challenge from Saili.
Davies kicked their third penalty of the match but Munster responded and were denied a try for captain Bleyendaal by another TMO decision.
The Irish province piled on the pressure and were rewarded when prop Dave Kilcoyne powered over in the 78th minute to draw the scores level, before Bleyendaal kicked the winning conversion.
There was late drama as the Ospreys pressed and Munster thought they had won the game when they kicked the ball out.
Italian referee Marius Mitrea again called for the TMO, this time to adjudicate on a suspected high tackle from Munster replacement hooker Kevin O'Byrne on Ospreys scrum-half Brendon Leonard.
No action was taken, however, and Munster celebrated victory.
Ospreys: Dan Evans; Keelan Giles, Kieron Fonotia, Ashley Beck, Hanno Dirksen; Sam Davies, Tom Habberfield (capt); Nicky Smith, Scott Baldwin, Rhodri Jones, Lloyd Ashley, Rory Thornton, Olly Cracknell, Sam Underhill, James King.
Replacements: Sam Parry, Paul James, Daniel Suter, Tyler Ardron, Dan Baker, Brendon Leonard, Luke Price, Ben John.
Munster: Ian Keatley; Darren Sweetman, Francis Saili, Rory Scannell, Ronan O'Mahony; Tyler Bleyendaal (capt), Duncan Williams; Dave Kilcoyne, Rhys Marshall, John Ryan, Darren O'Shea, Billy Holland, Dave O'Callaghan, Tommy O'Donnell, Jack O'Donoghue.
Replacements: Kevin O'Byrne, Peter McCabe, Stephen Archer, Dave Foley, Conor Oliver, Abrie Griesel, Dan Goggin, Andrew Conway.
Referee: Marius Mitrea (Italy)
Assistant referees: Claude Blessano (Italy), Stuart Kibble (WRU)
TMO: Stefano Penne (FIR)
Attendance: 8,782
KOLKATA: Coal India's plans to more than double output to one billion tonnes by 2020 depend largely on two of its subsidiaries, Mahanadi Coalfields and South Eastern Coalfields, which will contribute nearly half of the targeted production. It is, therefore, imperative for the state-run miner to ramp up production at these companies and complete the three critical railway lines that will provide transport linkages to its mines. According to plans firmed up by Coal India along with the Union coal ministry, Mahanadi Coalfields will produce 250 million tonnes of coal while South Eastern Coalfields will produce 240 million tonnes by 2020.The targeted output at the other subsidiaries will be much less — Central Coalfields is slated to produce 133 million tonnes, Northern Coalfields 110 million tonnes, Eastern Coalfields 62 million tonnes, Western Coalfields 60 million tonnes and Bharat Coking Coal 53 million tonne.The total output envisaged for the subsidiaries is about 900 million tonnes and Coal India is in the process of firming up project plans for the rest 100 million tonnes. Its plans for each of the subsidiaries are in place, though, and it also envisages opening up 70-100 mines to achieve the 2020 target. The miner produced 494 million tonnes of coal in 2014-15. The three railway lines that are critical to the 2020 plans will provide linkages to Central Coalfields in Jharkhand , Mahanadi Coalfields in Odisha and South Eastern Coalfields in Chhattisgarh.Coal India plans to increase production from these subsidiaries in sync with the transport capacities of these three lines. To monitor and speed up the commissioning of these three rail tracks, the miner has floated special purpose vehicles in tripartite partnerships between the ministry of railways, the state governments and Coal India. According to avision statement prepared by Coal India, its success in meeting the target will also depend on switching to full mechanisation and adoption of the latest technology, large-scale contract mining, upgrading skills of employees and deployment of sufficient manpower, speedy land acquisition, faster environment clearances and speedy statelevel clearances.
Dining Guide | Looking For the Best Tacos in Scottsdale? Here are 6!
Facebook
Twitter
Email
&description=Dining Guide | Looking For the Best Tacos in Scottsdale? Here are 6!" target="_blank">Pinterest
We are blessed to live in a place where tacos are bountiful and seem to be on every menu, no matter where you go to eat. What makes a taco great can cause a heated debate, but we have scoured all the menus we could get our hands on and taste tested countless hand-held treats to find the best tacos our neighborhood has to offer. Whether you are looking for the flavors of street tacos, the kind you would find on every street corner in Mexico, or something more non-traditional or gourmet, these are some of the best tacos in Scottsdale.
6 of the Best Tacos in Scottsdale
El Hefe
4425 N. Saddlebag Trl. | Scottsdale | 480.945.6200
El Hefe offers up a fun and youthful environment; the perfect place to gather with friends and catch up on life and all the exciting adventures you have all had. Grab some drinks and take in the music and the prime people watching. The menu is just as exciting as their nightlife with creative takes on traditional items.
What to Order: If you are looking for something truly interesting and out of the ordinary, look no further than the Fried Avocado Taco. The avocado is battered with a hint of chile and lime and then dressed with Napa cabbage, orange aioli and pickled onions with queso fresco. The interior of the fried avocado has a velvety texture that pairs well with the crisp cabbage and the tartness of the pickled onions marry with the citrus of the aioli creating a high energy party in your mouth.
La Hacienda
7575 E. Princess Drive | Scottsdale | 480.585.4848
La Hacienda prides itself on taking classic Mexican dishes and lightening them with new techniques. They use fresh, indigenous ingredients to ensure the quality and authenticity to the flavors of the Valley. The location is adorned with inviting Spanish framework like wood-beamed ceiling and flagstone walkways with the intermittent modern ornament. Enjoy your dinner on the warm patio near any one of their four fire pits.
What to Order: In the interest of keeping things light, opt for the Tacos de Langosta, their lobster tacos. You'll be served 3 petite tacos filled with fresh Maine lobster, black beans and a chile de Arbol sauce. The chile de Arbol is a small but potent pepper that packs a lot of heat in a tiny package. That heat matched with the buttery richness of the lobster creates and intense flavor profile perfect for the adventurous diner.
SOL Mexican Cocina
15323 N. Scottsdale Road | Scottsdale | 480.245.6708
Sol Mexican Cocina's cuisine focuses more on the flavors and character of Baja, Mexico. The flavors of Baja are more ocean driven and rely heavily on freshness and foods that can be made over a driftwood campfire. This leads to creative recipes and from-scratch creations. The spice and heat in these dishes aren't so much of a quick fire, but a slow steady burn. Ask anyone who has visited about the bean dip that arrives at your table with fresh chips and wait for the rave reviews.
What to Order: When you are looking for a lighter taco that is free of meat yet still hearty, it can be a challenge, but not at SOL. They have a Sweet Potato & Black Bean Taco that is served with caramelized onion, poblano, Mexican cheese and chipotle sauce. The slight sweetness of the sweet potato is cut and balanced by the combination of the black beans and sweet heat of the chipotle sauce.
The Mission
3815 N. Brown Ave. | Scottsdale | 480.636.5005
The Mission's mission is all about elevating the experience of Mexican fare, and they do it so well. The restaurant is sexy and definitely has a high-end feel from the dark wood and low lighting of the bar area to the glow of the Himalayan salt block wall. The light lull of the modern Latin music continues to set the mood. The menu options are equally exalted with rich ingredients and exquisite and unexpected accouterments.
What to order: For an out of the box taco experience, you'll love the Roasted Organic Butternut Squash Taco. The squash is an unexpected focus and the spicy black bean sofrito raises all of the combined flavors to new heights. The chosen spices, cumin and coriander, lift the subtle sweetness of the squash and the sofrito changes the character and leaves you wanting more.
Wadaa Street Tacos
7345 E. Shoeman Ln. | Scottsdale | 480.758.4859
While you may think that street vendors are only for those folks that have been out at the clubs all night and need a little pick me up before catching that Uber home. Wadaa Street Tacos inhabits a tiny space, open to the street in Old Town, but drunk dining on their tacos would be wasted on your palate. These tacos deserve your full attention and all of your senses. The smell from the stand will draw you in and then being able to see them being made helps to get you salivating and fully appreciate all of the traditional flavors.
What to Order: The menu here is really basic, but done very well. Go for the steak taco for a true street taco experience. The meat is rich, buttery and perfectly seasoned. You have your choice of corn or flour tortillas and a ton of toppings.
Do you have a favorite spot in Scottsdale to get your taco on? Let us know so we can check them out!
This article, written by Taryn Jeffries, originally appeared in the November 2015 issue of So Scottsdale Magazine.
© Taryn Jeffries 2015
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
A federal Labor MP was among a list of secret KGB informants, according to newly released Russian intelligence archives.
The former Labor member for the NSW electorate of Hunter, Albert James, is listed as an informant of the Soviet intelligence service in the papers of former KGB archivist and defector Vasili Mitrokhin, which were released by the Churchill College Archive in the United Kingdom last month.
The Clark family in 1962, including Katerina (far right).
The late Mr James, a former NSW police officer and Labor MP who served in Federal Parliament from 1960 to 1980, is one of a number of Australians recorded in Mitrokhin's list of KGB agents and informants active in Australia during the 1960s and 1970s.
Mitrokhin's notes do not reveal what information James may have passed to the Soviet Union, but they do confirm their status as a KGB informant, albeit with the insecure codename of ‘‘Albert''.
More About Finland
Finland is the jam. It came from an exploding egg, the egg of a water bird, the top half of which you can still see in the shape of the starry canopy that hangs over the earth.Finland is the most sparsely-populated country in the EU with only 5 million people. It's also been ranked the second most stable country in the world, after Norway.Historically, Finland has been a part of Sweden and later, Russia. It was an autonomous Grand Duchy during the Russian Empire's reign and lasted as such until their declaration of independence in 1917. Subsequently Finland survived a civil war and wars against both Russia and Nazi Germany to eventually settle down as an EU member circa 1955.Finnish language is cool, it's totally unrelated to the whole Latin-root thing. Its closest relative is Hungarian. Linguistic historians estimate that it came from northern central Russia from 3000BC.If you're in Helsinki, the museum at Suomenlinna has some interesting bunkers and military wreckage, including a submarine!Caught on camera! Here's your long-awaited proof. Santa Claus comes from Finland.Apart from Lappland, the other thing most people are familiar with out of Finland is aquavite. Literally it translates to "water of life" but it may make you feel more like you are dying when it hits your throat.Text by Steve Smith.
Indeed, on Wednesday's call, Musk said they have been at the Gigafactory all hours of the night.
"I am personally on that line, in that machine, trying to solve problems personally where I can," Musk said. "We are working seven days a week to do it. And I have personally been here on zone 2 module line at 2:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning, helping diagnose robot calibration issues. So I'm doing everything I can."
In July, Musk predicted that getting the production of Tesla Model 3 ramped up would be "manufacturing hell." On Wednesday, they likened the experience to "Dante's Inferno," admitting that it was emotionally taxing.
"Let's say level nine is the worst, OK? Well, we were in level nine," they said. "I was really depressed about three or four weeks ago when I realized that we're kind of in level nine," they said. "I was sort of quite down in the dumps."
But things are looking up. "We're now in level eight and I think we're close to exiting level eight," said Musk. "Now I can see sort of a clear path to sunshine. So I feel really pretty optimistic right now."
It's not the first time Musk has publicly talked about their roller coaster of emotions. At the end of July, Musk said the reality of being a successful, high-profile tech CEO is "great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress."
The recent stress of Tesla's production schedule for the Model 3 falling behind (much to the dismay of analysts) is partially because a key subcontractor did not deliver as expected. Musk said on the call that they and their team were putting in overtime work to correct the miss. However, it's not the first time Tesla has missed production estimates. Musk has a history of setting projections the company then doesn't meet.
In any case, "[A]t the end of the day, everything is our fault – and my fault most of all," admitted Musk. "If we pick the wrong subcontractor, we're the fault. So, I don't want to just be externalizing responsibility."
Musk's stories about working long hours, elbow to elbow with their employees may be in part a strategy to mollify investors unhappy with Tesla's missed targets. But it's also being a smart leadership move.
- Utah Jazz, Oklahoma City Thunder, Phoenix Suns to Host Sydney Kings, Melbourne United, Brisbane Bullets During 2017 NBA Preseason
SYDNEY AND NEW YORK, Aug. 1, 2017 – The National Basketball Association (NBA) and the National Basketball League (NBL) today announced that the Sydney Kings, Melbourne United and the Brisbane Bullets will take part in the 2017 NBA preseason in October, marking the first time that NBL teams will travel to the U.S. to play against NBA teams.
The Sydney Kings will visit the Utah Jazz, featuring Australians Joe Ingles and Danté Exum, on Oct. 2 at Vivint Smart Home Arena, followed by Melbourne United meeting the Oklahoma City Thunder on Oct. 8 at Chesapeake Energy Arena. The Brisbane Bullets will visit the Phoenix Suns at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Oct. 13.
There were a record-tying eight Australian players on 2016-17 opening night NBA rosters, including Ingles and Patty Mills (San Antonio Spurs), both of whom previously played in the NBL.
Executive and Player Quotes:
NBL Executive Chairman and Owner Larry Kestelman:
“This is a huge moment for Australian basketball. For the NBL to be able to play some of the biggest teams in the world shows how far our league has come. I want to thank the NBA for this exciting opportunity to showcase the NBL on the world stage. For our teams to be chosen to come and play in the NBA preseason is a great endorsement of the NBL and Australian basketball. We currently have a number of Australians playing in the NBA, strong national teams in the Boomers and Opals, record participation levels and a flourishing national competition. This opportunity will only build more excitement ahead of the NBL season starting on Oct. 5.”
NBA Asia Managing Director Scott Levy:
“We are excited about the NBL to participate in the 2017 NBA preseason. Australia has proven to be a basketball powerhouse with a growing number of its players making their mark in the NBA and on the global stage. Australia remains one of our largest international markets for merchandise sales and NBA LEAGUE PASS, and these games mark a milestone moment for our two leagues.”
Utah Jazz President Steve Starks:
“The Jazz are the most internationally diverse team in the NBA, including two players from Australia. Our franchise is excited to host an NBL team from Sydney in the first game played at our newly remodeled Vivint Smart Home Arena on Oct. 2.”
Utah Jazz guard/forward Joe Ingles:
“This is massive for Australian basketball and an exciting opportunity for NBA and NBL players to compete together on the same floor. As an Aussie who began my career in the NBL and now entering my fourth season with Utah, I am very proud of the growth of the game in my home country and can't wait for the Jazz and Salt Lake City to play host to Sydney this fall.”
Oklahoma City Thunder Executive Vice President and General Manager Sam Presti:
“We are excited to welcome Melbourne United to Oklahoma City. This event marks our third opportunity to host an international team in Chesapeake Energy Arena, and we are proud to help continue the advancement of the game through these competitions.”
Phoenix Suns General Manager Ryan McDonough:
“We're excited to host the Brisbane Bullets in Phoenix. It's representative of the global expansion of the game and a great opportunity for our organization to connect with Suns fans in Australia and beyond.”
Sydney Kings Head Coach and five-time Olympian Andrew Gaze:
“This is another big leap forward for the NBL and Australian basketball. As somebody who played in the NBA I know how much this opportunity means. The NBL has always been very attractive for NBA players and is a pathway to the NBA, as the recent drafting of Terrance Ferguson showed. We also had a number of NBL players played in the NBA Summer League this year.”
About the NBA
The NBA is a global sports and media business built around three professional sports leagues: the National Basketball Association, the Women's National Basketball Association and the NBA G League. The league has established a major international presence with games and programming in 215 countries and territories in 49 languages, and NBA merchandise for sale in more than 125,000 stores in 100 countries on 6 continents. NBA rosters at the start of the 2016-17 season featured a record 113 international players from 41 countries and territories. NBA Digital's assets include NBA TV, NBA.com, NBA App and NBA LEAGUE PASS. The NBA has created one of the largest social media communities in the world, with more than 1.3 billion likes and followers globally across all league, team, and player platforms. Through NBA Cares, the league addresses important social issues by working with internationally recognized youth-serving organizations that support education, youth and family development, and health-related causes.
About the NBL
The National Basketball League in Australasia is one of the premier basketball leagues in the world. Established in 1978 the League now has eight teams based in cities across the country - Adelaide 36ers, Cairns Taipans, Melbourne United, New Zealand Breakers, Perth Wildcats, Sydney Kings, Brisbane Bullets and Illawarra Hawks. Some of the NBL's greatest players include former NBA player and five-time Olympian Andrew Gaze, 21-season scoring-machine Leroy Loggins, five-time championship-winner Larry Sengstock, and 500-game veterans Ray Borner and James Crawford. From humble beginnings, the NBL now sells out stadiums with more than 650,000 attending games each season and live TV coverage nationally. The NBL has NBL.com.au, and a live streaming NBL APP. The 2017-18 season will be its 40th as a league.
Contacts
Roger Ong, NBA, +852 6772 8911, rong@nba.com
Nick Johnston, NBL, +61 419 538 936, nick.johnston@nbl.com.au
###
Clemson DT to step away from Football for a period of time
D.J. Reader Pos: DT Height: 6-3 Weight: 325 Hometown: Greensboro, NC (Grimsley HS)
Years Played: 2012 - 2015
Clemson, S.C.—Clemson Head Coach Dabo Swinney announced Tuesday that senior defensive tackle D.J. Reader D.J. Reader
Defensive Tackle (2012 - 2015)
#48 6-2, 325
Greensboro, NC
View Full Profile will be away from the Clemson football team for a period of time. Reader was listed as a starting tackle on the preseason depth chart.
“D.J. Reader has decided to step away from football for a while,” said Swinney. “He has some personal issues they have to deal with at this time. We are not sure when they will return. We will support them any way we can. This is no different than a player being lost for a period of time due to injury."
“We will move forward at the tackle position. We have many players who will do an outstanding job in the defensive line.”
“We are excited about preparing for our 2015 journey that starts September 5 with the opener against Wofford.”
Sophomore Scott Pagano
RS So. Defensive Tackle
#56 6-3, 295
Honolulu, HI
View Full Profile and first-year student Christian Wilkins
Fr. Defensive Tackle
#42 6-5, 305
Longmeadow, CT
View Full Profile will be strong candidates to move into a starting role at defensive tackle opposite Carlos Watkins
RS Jr. Defensive Tackle
#94 6-3, 295
Mooresboro, NC
View Full Profile and Roderick Byers
RS Sr. Tight End
#40 6-3, 290
Rock Hill, SC
View Full Profile . Redshirt first-year student Jabril Robinson
RS Fr. Defensive Tackle
#50 6-3, 255
Leland, NC
View Full Profile and first-year player Albert Huggins
Fr. Defensive Line
#67 6-3, 280
Orangeburg, SC
View Full Profile will also be candidates for playing time at the tackle position.
Reader is a fourth-year senior who started one game last year, but played 250 plays and had 27 tackles, 2.5 tackles for loss and 1.5 sacks.  They are a veteran of 38 games over the last three years.
Bowl games originally featured the very best teams in college football, with strict bowl eligibility requirements for teams to receive an invitation to a bowl game in a particular year; as of 1971, there were only 10 team-competitive (as compared to all-star) bowl games. The number of bowl games has grown, reaching 20 games by the 1997 season , then rapidly expanding beyond 30 games by the 2006 season and 40 team-competitive games (not including the College Football Playoff National Championship ) by the 2015 season . The increase in bowl games has necessitated a significant easing of the NCAA bowl eligibility rules, since reduced to allow teams with non-winning 6–6 records (numerous teams since 2002 season ) and even losing 5–6 and 5–7 seasons (10 teams since the 2001 season ) to fill some of the many available bowl slots.
The history of the bowl game began with the 1902 Tournament East-West football game, sponsored by the Tournament of Roses Association between Michigan and Stanford, a game which Michigan won 49-0. The Tournament of Roses eventually sponsored an annual contest starting with the 1916 Tournament East-West Football Game. With the 1923 Rose Bowl it began to be played at the newly completed Rose Bowl stadium, and thus the contest itself became known as the Rose Bowl game. The name "bowl" to describe the games thus comes from the Rose Bowl stadium. Other cities saw the promotional value for tourism that the Tournament of Roses parade and Rose Bowl carried and began to develop their own regional festivals which included college football games. The label "bowl" was attached to the festival name, even though the games were not always played in bowl-shaped stadiums.
The historic timing of bowl games, around the new year, is the result of two factors—warm climate and ease of travel. The original bowls began in warm climates such as Southern California, Louisiana, Florida, and Texas as a way to promote the area for tourism and business. Since commercial air travel was either non-existent or very limited, the games were scheduled well after the end of the regular season to allow fans to travel to the game site.[1] While modern travel is more convenient, all but 5 of 41 bowl games (as of 2016-17) are still located in cities below approximately 36° N.
Currently, college football bowl games are played from mid-December to early January. As the number of bowl games has increased, the number of games a team would need to win to be invited to a bowl game has decreased. With a 12-game schedule, a number of teams with only 5 wins have been invited to a bowl game.
As of the completion of the 2016 season, the University of Alabama has played in more bowl games than any other school, with 64 appearances. Alabama also holds the record for most bowl victories with 37 (prior to 2016 bowl games). As of the 2016 season, Florida State has the record of consecutive bowl births at 36 bowl appearances, however, it is not recognized by the NCAA due to the NCAA vacated FSU's 2006 Emerald Bowl victory over UCLA due to an academic issue.[2] Virginia Tech Hokies have the longest active streak of consecutive bowl appearances with 25 recognized by the NCAA .[3]
The Rose Bowl was the only major college bowl game in 1930. By 1940, there were five major college bowl games: the Rose Bowl, the Sugar Bowl (1935), the Cotton Bowl Classic (1937), the Orange Bowl (1935), and the Sun Bowl (1935). By 1950, the number had increased to eight games. This figure of eight bowl games persisted through 1960, but by 1970 the number had increased again, to 11 games. The number continued to increase, to 15 games in 1980, to 19 games in 1990, 25 games in 2000, 35 games in 2010, and 41 games by 2015 (40 games plus two teams playing a second game to determine the National Champion). Up until around the 1950s, the small number of games were played solely on New Years Day, with the only major exception being the holiday occurring on a Sunday. For the 2016–17 bowl season, the 41 games require a little over three weeks, starting December 17 and ending on January 9. While bowl games were originally exclusive to warm cities thought of as winter vacation destinations, indoor stadiums allow games to be played in colder climates.
The attendance of 106,869 for the 1973 Rose Bowl set the Rose Bowl Stadium record, as well as the NCAA bowl game attendance record.[4][5] The Rose Bowl stadium still is the largest capacity stadium and the Rose Bowl game has the highest attendance for post season bowl games.
In the 1990s, many bowl games began to modify or abandon their traditional names in favor of selling naming rights. While some include the traditional name in some form (e.g. the Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio), others have totally eliminated their traditional name in favor of solely using their corporate sponsor's name (e.g. the former Citrus Bowl became the Capital One Bowl for some time after the financial services company Capital One bought the naming rights).
Prior to 1992 most bowls had strict agreements with certain conferences. For example, the Rose Bowl traditionally invited the champions of the Pac-10 and the Big Ten conferences. The Sugar Bowl invited the SEC champion and the Orange Bowl hosted the Big 8 conference champion. These conference tie-ins led to situations where the top-ranked teams in the country could not play each other in a bowl game. The national championship was decided after the bowls, solely by voters for various media polls, who tried to decide which team was best, sometimes based on wins against far inferior teams. As a result, there could be multiple championship titles and no single champion. This led to the term "Mythical National Championship," which is still used to describe high school national champions, since high school sports have state championship tournaments but not national.
Attempts to determine a national champion Edit
Because of the vested economic interests entrenched in the various bowl games, the longer regular season compared to lower divisions of college football, and a desire not to have college players play several rounds of playoff games during final exams and winter recess, the Division I Bowl Subdivision long avoided instituting a playoff tournament to determine an annual national champion. Instead, the National Champion in the Football Bowl Subdivision has traditionally been determined by a vote of sports writers and other non-players.
In 1995, the Bowl Alliance, formed by the major bowls and conferences, put in place a system where the two highest ranked teams would play each other, even if they were each affiliated with a different bowl. However, the Pac-10 and Big Ten and the Rose Bowl did not participate. Number 1 vs Number 2 bowl match-ups became far more likely, but were not guaranteed. After the 1997 season, undefeated Michigan was ranked first in both major polls, but as the Big Ten champion, they played eighth-ranked Pac-10 champion Washington State in the Rose Bowl. The top Bowl Alliance team, #2 and unbeaten Nebraska, faced one-loss, third-ranked Tennessee in the Orange Bowl. Michigan won by five on New Year's Day and the next night, Nebraska beat Tennessee (playing with an injury-hobbled Peyton Manning) by 25. The AP kept Michigan as the champion, but the Coaches' Poll jumped Nebraska, playing its final game for retiring coach Tom Osborne, in part because of their more lopsided victory against a more highly ranked opponent.
The following season, the Rose Bowl, Pac-10, and Big Ten joined the other bowls and major conferences to form the Bowl Championship Series. The BCS attempted to match the two highest ranked teams in the country based upon calculations from various sources, including statistics and coaches' polls, with one of the four bowl games in the consortium (the Rose Bowl, Fiesta Bowl, Sugar Bowl, and Orange Bowl) rotating the role of "national championship", or beginning in 2006, a dedicated BCS Championship Game rotated among the BCS venues. The BCS Championship Game, while separate from the four main bowls, was still rotated between their sites. The Coaches Poll was contractually obligated to recognize the winner of the game as its national champion. However, other polls such as the AP Poll may deviate and pick a different team, particularly in years when multiple teams were equally worthy of reaching the game, such as in 2003, when one-loss LSU won the BCS National Championship over Oklahoma, but the AP crowned one-loss USC champion after its Rose Bowl win.
For the 2014-15 season, the BCS was replaced by a new consortium, the College Football Playoff (CFP). The new system uses a four-team single-elimination tournament, with its participants selected and seeded by a committee; the semi-final games are rotated between pairs of the six member bowls yearly (Rose Bowl and Sugar Bowl, then Orange Bowl and Cotton Bowl Classic, and then the Fiesta Bowl and Peach Bowl). The winners from the two semi-final bowls advance to the College Football Playoff National Championship, which is played at a neutral site determined using bids. Members of the "New Year's Six" that are not hosting semi-final games revert to their traditional tie-ins. Like its predecessors, and in contrast to the officially sanctioned NCAA tournaments at lower levels, the College Football Playoff is not officially recognized as an NCAA championship.
Morgan Ruppert had devoted a few minutes to unsuccessfully attempting to inflate a round blue pool float when they realized a small hole in the ring had been negating them efforts.
“We'll just do the best we can with what we've got,” Ruppert said, shrugging them shoulders.
They helped 7-year-old Leah Anderson out of their wheelchair, then dropped the partially inflated float over the child's head and onto their shoulders. Ruppert held Leah's hand as they began to walk in a circle. Leah's facial expression changed from a grimace to a grin, then an ear-to-ear smile.
“Leah loves color guard practice,” said Staci Anderson, Leah's mother. “The first time I brought her, they cried through the whole practice. But, to Morgan, it was no big deal. They kept working with them and got them through it. Now color guard has become a big part of Leah's life.”
Ruppert, a Wright State graduate student, is assistant director of the Miami Valley Adaptive Color Guard (MVACG). Ohio's first and only special needs color guard includes children, teenagers and young adults affected by developmental disabilities. Their challenges include Down syndrome, spina bifida, autism and growth disorders.
There are 15 members in the program, double from 2012­–13, the color guard's first season. Some are not able to manipulate large flags; they instead utilize more manageable items like pool floats and smaller flags that attach to the wrist.
Ruppert found their true calling through working with the color guard after having earned their undergraduate degree in communication and political science at Ohio University, then working in human resources for a year.
They began to substitute teach, primarily in special education classes, and spent the summer of 2013 working at a camp for special needs children. Ruppert enrolled in the Intervention Specialist graduate program at Wright State's College of Education and Human Services this fall, they said, because of the university's dedication to campus accessibility and its excellent faculty.
“Morgan is a wonderful advocate for people with disabilities and a rising star in our graduate teacher education program,” said Jason Fruth, Ph.D., director of the Intervention Specialist program.
Cathy Barnes-Miller was the Miamisburg High School color guard director when Ruppert was a member. When Barnes-Miller asked Ruppert if they would be interested in helping out with the first MVACG season, the immediate reply was, “Let's go for it. I'm in.”
They certainly are.
Ruppert helped prepare and pass out flyers, contacted potential donors and participants through friends and relatives, sewed costumes and made or modified performance props. They also volunteered to work with the team's most severely handicapped members.
“I used my lunch breaks at work to make flags,” Ruppert said. “I found myself leaving early because I was so anxious to get ready for practice. That's when I knew my future was in something other than human resources.”
Ruppert devotes roughly half of each one-hour practice session to working with Leah Anderson and Brooklyn VanSkoyck. Anderson is globally developmentally delayed due to severe epilepsy. VanSkoyck, 10, is battling Canavan disease, a rare neurological disorder.
“Morgan's patience is unbelievable,” said Beth VanSkoyck, Brooklyn's mother. “If Brooklyn can't do what she's asking, Morgan will adjust it until they can. (Brooklyn) has had such a positive reaction to Morgan. They love being here.”Ruppert loves the promise their new career path offers.
“Helping a student overcome a disability is just a matter of finding out what that student needs to succeed,” Ruppert said.
“Kids who are profoundly challenged are turned away from so many opportunities, yet each of these kids is so unique, so amazing. They have so many talents I want people to see. It has been easy for me to pour myself into helping them. I can't imagine anything more rewarding.”
Learn more:
www.mvacg.org
Capture it all. A brand new Ultra-Wide Lens gives the iPhone a wider "action camera" field of view for everything from panoramic landscapes to a group selfie on the front FaceTime camera.
Get in close. Switch quickly and easily to the Telephoto Lens with a 2x optical zoom and get twice as close to the action or achieve stunning portraits with a shallower depth of field.
Popular iPhone camera accessory maker Olloclip today announced the launch of the new Active Lens for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which combines a 2x telephoto lens with a new ultra wide-angle lens. The lens joins Olloclip's other available lenses for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, giving photographers lens additions that are good for capturing landscapes, group selfies, and zoomed in shots.Like the rest of the lens lineup for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the Active Lens is compatible with both the front and rear-facing cameras. It includes a 2x telephoto lens on one side, which can be used to get closer to subjects, and a wide-angle lens on the other side, able to capture more of an area in a single shot. The wide-angle lens in particular will work well with the front facing camera, as it can capture a wider field of view for group selfies.Olloclip's new Active Lens, along with the rest of its lenses, is compatible with the company's recently announced Ollocase for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which will be shipping out to customers in the near future.The Active Lens can be pre-ordered from the Olloclip website for $99.
It's almost worth sitting through 18 minutes of some ignorant, bigoted anti-gay marriage bullshit from a bunch of pastors at the National Press Club, in order to fully appreciate the hilarity of Jamila Bey's eventual question.
Here's the full video from C-SPAN. If you don't feel like watching it all, let me sum it up for you: “Bla bla bla traditional marriage defined by God in the Bible. Bla bla bla being bigoted against gay people is somehow essential to the black experience. Bla bla bla praise Jesus.”
At minute 18:00, the floor is open to questions. One guy asks if they'll endorse Mitt Romney and they say no because they're not political. A woman asks if they're homophobic. The pastor, Reverend William Owens, says that if someone calls them homophobic then they can call them “sisses and all the other names I could call them.” Okay.
At minute 19:11, Jamila Bey asks their question:
“What is your position on polygamy?”
Owens pauses before saying “Well I think you know that this is not about polygamy, this is about same-sex marriage.”
“I need for you to define for me please the Biblical definition of marriage…”
Owens wags their finger and says “The Biblical definition of marriage is a marriage between a man and a woman and I'm not going to get on another track…”
“Talk to me about Abraham's marriage.”
Long pause.
“Madame . . . next question. Next question.”
“What's God's position on polygamy?”
“NEXT QUESTION!”
“Reverend, what's God's position on slavery?”
“Are you going to stand there and just demand that I answer your question, this is not about polygamy…
“This is a press conference…”
“…this is about same-sex marriage and I will not do any different.”
“Reverend you said you'd answer questions about Biblical marriage…”
“Would you have this lady removed?”
Finally Jamila relents and the next guy asks about the good Reverend correlating homosexuality and pedophilia, which they double down on. Jamila gets another question in at the end, asking about the high rate of children born out of wedlock and the number of men abandoning their families, but sadly there's no room in that environment to really connect that back to the fact that gay people aren't the ones who are fucking up marriage.
Ah well. Good job, Jamila!
Enthusiasts of bitcoin, the electronic cryptocurrency, have more ways than ever to spend their digital cash. But should professional photographers try to take advantage of the growing popularity of bitcoin and similar systems by accepting it as payment for their work?
A few photographers say so, but first, what is bitcoin and how does it work?
Wired offered a pretty easy-to-understand explanation in November. Bitcoin is both a digital currency and a system of payment, like a combination of the dollar and PayPal. There are other cryptocurrencies that operate on similar principles, like litecoin and dogecoin, but bitcoin was the first, and is now the most widespread.
It maintains value thanks to a network of bitcoin miners around the world. Each of these miners downloads software that dedicates a portion of their computer's processing power to maintaining a widely-distributed ledger of all accounts and transactions. These miners are given small amounts of bitcoin for their efforts, which then can be spent on services or simply sold to interested buyers.
Or, to put it simpler: it's an all-digital alternative to dollars, euros, or pesos that can be easily converted into real cash.
Today, there are more than $1.5 billion dollars worth of bitcoin in circulation worldwide, and about 60,000 bitcoin transactions happening every day. Bitcoin is accepted by some online retailers, including Overstock.com, and a growing number of small businesses. There's even a bitcoin ATM at a coffee shop in Vancouver, British Columbia, and another at a gun store in Austin, Texas.
A few photographers, too, are testing out the waters to see if bitcoin works for their businesses. One is Hayden Dawkins, a professional portrait photographer from Northern California who began accepting bitcoin early this February. When we spoke, they hadn't yet taken any payments in bitcoin, but they hoped that offering a 30% discount to clients willing to pay in bitcoin would attract more interest.
Even without any bitcoin-paying customers, Hayden has benefited from their decision to accept it. In particular, he's appreciated extra interest from the bitcoin community and the press. Not only are their services now listed on websites like Spendbitcoins.com that catalog bitcoin-accepting businesses, but he's also received some attention in the blogosphere.
But a big part of the equation, for Hayden, is their interest in the technology industry and the unique experience of working in a digital currency. When we spoke, Sean suggested that more tech-savvy photographers might particularly enjoy that experience.
“There are some photographers who like to just go out and take pictures, and then there are others who get really into the gear, who know the ins and outs of their sensors and own a bunch of gizmos for their camera,” they told me. “Those are the one's who are going to love bitcoin the most.”
Other photographers have been working in bitcoin for longer than Hayden. McLellan Style, the Nashville portraiture and wedding photography studio operated by husband and wife team Mel and Sean McLellan, is one of them. I spoke with Sean about their decision to start accepting bitcoin payments and they pointed to a number key benefits to their business since they started last year. For one thing, they explained, “it's been a cool way to connect with people who are interested in cutting-edge technology.” That's important to the McLellans because, according to Sean, the best way to “get comfortable images with our couples is getting along with them and having a good connection.”
A few clients have already paid for portrait sessions with McLellan Style using bitcoin, but Mel and Sean have also benefited from the press attention described by Hayden. They were featured, for example, in a story in their local newspaper, The Tennessean.
All that said, there's a reason bitcoin-accepting photographers are still relatively few and far between. As a monetary system, it's still in its infancy, and most consumers likely haven't heard of it… much less used it. As a result, it's not only difficult to find people willing to pay in bitcoin, but also difficult to spend bitcoin because so few large vendors take it.
Bitcoin also takes flack for its volatility. Because of the small market, relatively small events can profoundly impact its value. As such, the graph for bitcoin value over the past two years shows some pretty wild movements, although the general trend has been upward.
Hayden and Sean admitted that there are downsides to bitcoin. Hayden readily acknowledged that businesses shouldn't be relying entirely on bitcoin for their revenue stream. “It's become large enough that it can take some large hits and not fail,” they explained. “It's pretty stable for the time being, but I don't plan on it being my entire revenue. I plan on accepting it as a way of helping people out.”
Sean echoed that sentiment. “I wouldn't be blindly stupid about it and convert 100% of everything to bitcoin,” they said. “I love that idea but I do definitely recognize that it would not be the smartest thing to do at this time.” But they also pointed out that there are a lot of ways around bitcoin's volatility. For example, systems like Coinbase, an online wallet for storing and withdrawing bitcoin, allow users of bitcoin to instantaneously convert their bitcoin into cash, minimizing the risk of swings in value. Sean further pointed out that, with a Coinbase Merchant Account, businesses can avoid paying fees for their first million dollars worth of conversions.
Accepting bitcoin isn't going to be the right answer for all professional photographers, but for those keen on keeping up with the latest tech trends, it might be a way to spice up your business. It's novel enough that the photographers who do announce their support for bitcoin still turn heads their way, and the cost of implementing a bitcoin system into you workflow seems to be relatively low. As long as expectations are kept in check, bitcoin can make an exciting addition to, not replacement for, your existing payment system.
As Sean put it, “It completely eliminates the risk of charge back, the fees are lower than a credit card, and your fees can be as low as zero. With all those things available, there really isn't any risk to not try it as a tool for accepting payments for your business.”
If you're intrigued and want to give it a shot, check out this explanation of how to get started.
Image Credits: Bitcoin Litecoin Keychains, Bitcoin Magazine, 1930s Paparazzi and Bitcoin Chart
By Matthew Harrington
The Detroit Tigers may not always beat the Oakland Athletics, but the motor city kitties tend to find the most excruciating ways to do it. After bouncing Swingin' A's from the postseason in the last two campaigns, the American League Central leaders added another chapter of success against their West Coast foes Monday night at Comerica Park, converting a 4-1 deficit in the ninth inning into a walk-off grand slam for Rajai Davis and the Tigers (45-34).
With a decent lead in the ninth, Oakland A's Manager Bob Melvin tabbed bullpen backend stalwart Sean Doolittle (1-3, 2.97) to sit the Tigers down for three final outs. Instead the A's bench boss saw a surefire victory turned into a stunning defeat. Detroit came to the plate in attack mode against Doolittle, with Nick Castellanos and Alex Avila reaching base with no outs three pitches in to the left-hander's night.
Doolittle found their footing, striking out Eugenio Suarez but failed to put Austin Jackson away on a full-count pitch. Instead Doolittle nibbled outside the strike zone to bring former Athletic Rajai Davis to the plate representing the winning run. Davis patiently took the first-pitch delivery from Doolittle for a ball, then crushed a belt-high breaking ball deep to left field about ten feet from foul pole for their sixth home run of the season. Davis made reliever Blaine Hardy (101, 2.89 ERA) the winner, handing the 27-year-old their first Major League win
Doolittle saw their scoreless inning streak snapped at 26 1/3 innings Saturday in Miami, blowing their second save of the season after allowing a Casey McGehee single to tie the game at 6-6. With a second blown save Monday night, they now have failed to shut the door in two-straight games after going the first 38 games of the season with only one missed opportunity. Since taking over the closer's role for a struggling Jim Johnson, the first baseman-turned-reliever has collected 11 saves in 2014.
The's (51-31) looked securely en route to their fifth-straight win after taking a commanding 4-1 lead in the eighth inning. Oakland and Detroit entered the inning tied 1-1 after strong performances from A's starter Scott Kazmir and their counterpart Anibal Sanchez. Sanchez opened the frame getting Yoenis Cespedes to bounce a grounder to short, but Suarez threw the ball away on the play. Brandon Moss made Detroit pay for the mistake by lacing an RBI double to left, chasing Sanchez from the game with no outs in the seventh. The 2013 ERA leader allowed the two earned runs on eight hits with only a pair of strikeouts (including the 1,000th of their career) but exited in line for the loss.
Joba Chamberlain fared far worse in relief of Sanchez, allowing the first two batters they faced to reach base, walking Josh Donaldson before yielding a single to Stephen Vogt to load the bases. A visit to the mound by Tigers Pitching coach Jeff Jones proved only a brief respite for Chamberlain, as Lowrie took the fifth pitch of the next at-bat to left for a two-run single to stake the A's to a commanding 4-1 lead.
Lowrie knocked in the A's first run of the game on an RBI single of Sanchez in the top of the sixth, but 2012 Triple Crown winner Miguel Cabrera responded in the home half of the inning by ripping a solo home run off Kazmir to left field, the 14th long ball of the season for the back-to-back American League Most Valuable Player.
Kazmir would then walk J.D. Martinez before exiting the game two pitches in to the next batter. Kazmir appeared to suffer tightness in their lead leg after bouncing the first pitch to Nick Castellanos well in front of the plate. After a brief visit from Melvin and trainer, the southpaw stayed in the game for one last pitch. After seeing their pitcher grimace on the pitch, Melvin instantly jumped up to pull their ace from the game.
After the game, Melvin stated that Kazmir was fine and the quick trigger was precautionary. Kazmir also departed their last start against the New York Mets on Tuesday earlier than expected, surrendering seven earned runs over three innings of a 10-1 shelling in Flushing Meadows. Aside from the one blip, Kazmir has been rock solid as the anchor of the A's rotation, potentially in line to make this season's All-Star team after going 9-3 with a 2.66 ERA in their first 16 starts for the green and gold.
The's won't have an easy road bouncing back, as they'll face the Tigers' surpise of 2014 Rick Porcello (10-4, 3.41) in the second game of the three-game series. Oakland sends lefty Brad Mills to the mound in their first start since getting their first win since 2012, outdueling Zack Wheeler and the Mets last Wednesday.
